1942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
report such baggage, goods, wares, and merchandise
to the proper officer of the customs according to law.
Sec. 2. That railroad cars or other vehicles laden
with goods, wares, and merchandise, sealed by a cus-
toms officer, under the provisions of section six of
the act of July 28, 1866, and the regulations of the
Secretary of the Treasury, passing from ono port or
plaeemtbeUnitedSiatesto another therein through
foreign contiguous territory, shall be exempt from
the payment of any fees for receiving or certifying
manifests thereof.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
surf men at life-saving stations
Mr. CHANDLER. I move now that, the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 501.
The bill (H. R. No. 501) authorizing the
appropriation for the employmeut of surfmen
at alternate life-saving stations on the New
Jersey coast for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1872, to be expended in employing crews
at such stations, and for such .periods, and
at such compensation, as the Secretary of the
Treasury may deem reasonable, not to exceed
forty dollars per month for each person em-
ployed, was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
The Committee on Commerce proposed to
amend the bill by inserting after the word
''dollars," in line four, the words "or so
much thereof as may be necessary," and by
adding to the bill the following pioviso:
^ Provided, Xliat no additional expense shall be
incurred for the purpose aforesaid during the pres-
ent fiscal year.
So as to make the bill road :
Be it enacted, &c., Thn t the Secretary of the Treas-
sury be authorized to expend the sum of $10,080,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, appro-
priated by an act making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1872, and for other purposes,"
approved M.ireh 3, 1871, for the "pay of six expe-
rienced surtmen to man each of the boats at alter-
nate life-saving stations on the New Jersey coast,
iroio Decembei 15 to M<ircli 15,*' in euiployiug crews
ot experienced surfiaon at such stations, and for
such periods as he may deem necessary and proper
and at such compensation as ho may deom reason-
able, not to exceed forty dollars per month for each
pel son to be employed: Provided, That no addi-
tional expense snail be incurred for the purpose
aforesaid during the present fiscal year.
Mr. SIOCKION. i hope the proviso just
read wiil not be added to the bill. It is per-
fectly manifest that the person who introduced
the bill and the committee have not read the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury on this
subject. The report has been printed, and I
have asked that a thousand additional copies
be printed. This bill evidently relates to the
appropriation which was made last year for
those life-saving stations at alternate posts—
an appropiiation made on my own motion.
It was made because the bill providing for a
sufficient number of surfmen to be employed
at each station failed in the House. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury appointed Captain
Famine to examine the stations on the coasts
of Long Island and New Jersey, who spent a
great deal of time and made a most valuable
report. According to that report, if my rec-
ollection serves me, the statistics of the lives
saved and the property saved had only been
kept for about three months, and those were
in pretty good weather, and seventy lives were
saved in that time.
There is no man in the Senate who has read
that report that will vote for an amendment
which provides that no other appropriation
shall be made for that purpose during this
year. I introduced a resolution which is now
beiore the Secretary of the Treasury asking
him, having all the information before him,
what he thought was a proper appropriation.
Now, without an answer from the Secretary
of the Treasury, it is proposed to put through
tliis House bill providing for but $10,000,
withaclause that no other appropriation shall
be made this year.
Mr. President, no Senator should vote that
he will mnfeo no other appropriation for this
purpose this year, and no Senator that has his
eyes open will so vote. I ask that Senators
and that the committee will read the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury. I ask that they
will read the report of Captain Faunee. The
number of copies printed was very small. I
have had hundreds and hundreds of applica-
tions for that report from gentlemen of the
press, from gentlemen who are writing for mag-
azines ; the whole country is getting excited
on this subject; and for the Committee on
Commerce to come here and aslc Senators to
put this bill of $10,000 through for this service
and to offer as a bonus for doing that a clause
that we shall appropriate no more money for
this fiscal year, is a matter that astonishes me.
I say this in kindness and I hope in courtesy,
but I cannot avoid saying that it is to me
a matter of utter astonishment that the com-
mittee should ask the Senate to do a thing of
this kind. I am willing to vote for the bill,
although it provides for only $10,000, as it has
passed the House of Representatives, because
1 would rather take that than run the risk of
getting nothing.
Mr. CHANDLER. This bill does not ap-
propriate one dollar. It was prepared at the
Treasury Department, and I ask the Senate
to listen to the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, made by him when he sent the bill
to the committee. I send it to the desk, and
ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Department,
Washington, D. C„ January 24.1872.
Sir: In reply to your communication of the 18th
instant, inclosing act "II. It. No. 501," and asking
for information and recommendation or suggestion,
I ineloso a <w>t>y of letter to Hon. J. A. Sarfif.t.v,
chairman of Committee on Appropriations, House
of Representatives, which explains the origin and
design of the bill. The appropriation as it now
stands limits the employment of surfmen to alter-
nate stations and to three months in the year, and
fixes the compensation at forty dollars per month.
To show f ho effect of the first limitation I quote
from the report of Captain John Faunee of the rev-
enue marine service, who made a thorough inspec-
tion of the life-saving stations in June and July
last :
^ "As would bo expected, the appointing and pay-
ing of crews at every alternate station on the New
Jersey coast during the four winter months has
caused great dissatisfaction at the stations where no
compensation is provided. In some cases stations
wero provided with p<iid crews where not needed and
or no use, and at adjoining stations, where crews
should have been placed, none could be provided,
a;s the act of Congress specified every alternate sta-
tion and left no discretion in the matter."
It is desirable that the limitations as to time of
employment should be removed, for two reasons:
first, because the reports of the superintendent
show that disasters are of frequent occurrence both
prior and subsequent to the period embraced in
said limitation; and secondly, because it is desir-
able that crews should at all seasons be within the
control of superintendents and keepers for purposes
of drill and exercise in their duties, and for any in-
spection which the Department may see fit to order.
It is believed that the surfmen now employed can
be secured for the year round at bnt little, if any,
auuitional expense to the (government, by paying
tnem a small monthly compensation in spring, sum-
mer, and autumn, and reducing their present com-
pensation for the winter months.
It will be observed that no additional appropri-
ation is made in the bill under consideration, but
that it simply authorizes the expenditure of an
appropriation already made, in accordance with the
provisions of an act subsequently passed.
Act H. It. 501" is herewith returned.
I am, very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Z. Chandler, Chairman Committee on Corri-
mercefr United States Senate.
Treasury Dbpartmext,
Washington, D. C., December 11,1871.
. Sir : If the accompanying joint resolution author-
izing the amount appropriated for the employ-
ot Us"iri?£? °? the New Jersey coast by act
ox March 3, 1871, (see Statutes-at-Large, volume
sixteen, page 49b,) to be expended in accordance
with the provisions of section twenty-seven of the
act of April 20, 1871, (see Statutes-at-Large, first ses-
sion lorty-Second Congress, page 12. Little &
frown s edition,) could be passed before the loth
instant, it would greatly facilitate the reorganiza-
won ot the litc-sa,viDg service now in progress
i am, very respecttully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. J. A. Garfield. Chairman of the (Jomuuttee on
Appropriations,'Mouse of Representative*.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to have
the bill and amendments read again.
The Chief Clerk read the bill and amend-
ments.
Mr. STOCKTON. I ask to strike out the
last proviso in the amendment of the com-
mittee providing that no additional appropria-
tion be made, and then 1 shall be willing to
vote for the bill. But I call the attention of
the Senate to this fact: the Secretary says
(and it is in the report which I have before me, .
as wellasin that letter,) that experience proves
that providing for alternate stations gives dis-
satisfaction to other stations; and Captain
Faunee also reports 
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
the Senator's amendment.
Mr. STOCKTON. It very frequently lias
happened that vessels come on shore wheie
there is no crew employed. Therefore, this is
not a good plan ; they ought to be employed at
all the stations; but I am perfectly willing to
vote for the bill without the proviso and run
the risk of getting the other stations provided
for before tne session is over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey moves to amend the
amendment of the committee by striking out
the last proviso.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed,
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
duluth and st. paul.
^ Mr. CHANDLER. 1 now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 327.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 327) to
establish the collection district of Duluih, and
tocreate St. Paul, in the collection disirict of
Minnesota, a port of delivery. The bill pro-
poses to establish a new collection district, to
be called the district of Dulutli, which is to
ombrace all the territory, harbors, rivers, and
waters bordering on Lake Superior, and lying
in the States of Wisconsin and Minnesota, and
a collector is to be appointed, to reside at Du-
luth, which is to be the port' of entry for the
district. The collector is to receive the same
compensation provided for the collectors of
Pembina, Chicago, and certain other ports, by
the second section of the act, entitled "An act
to regulate the foreign coasting trade on the
northern, northeastern, and northwestern fron-
tiers of the United States, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 17, 1864. The bill
also proposes to create and establish St. Paul,
in the State of Minnesota, a port of delivery
in the collection district of Minnesota, and
provides for the appointment of a deputy col-
lector to reside thereat, at a compensation not
to exceed the sum of $1,500 per annum.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with an amendment in section two, lines
five and six, to strike out the words "live
hundred," so as to make the compensation of
the deputy collector at St. Paul $1,000 instead
of $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. By arrangement be-
tfe^1fh-e !:'en^tors> I move to further amend
the bill m section one, line six, by striking
out the words " States of Wisconsin and "
and to insert the word   State," so as to con-
^ ^ State of Minnesota.
1 he amendment was agreed to.
I he bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
J. he bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
■ st. mary's falls canal.
Mr. CHANDLEll. I now ask the Senate
