2838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
of such a work. Now, these parties come here
and ask that the paramount power of the nation
shall go back, and, (without giving the people
who paid no attention to this, because it was
a nullity, an opportunity to resist now as they
might in the first place, if Congress had au-
thorized it in the time of it,) say to them that
willy nilly you shall pay these bonds because
it is inequitable to the contractors not to pay
them. Why inequitable? The contractors had
wise counsel, probably quite as much as the
people of this Territory had wise counsel. The
contractors are not the people in the country
who are not bound to know the law.
I say, then, there is no more equity, much
less indeed, in favor of the contractors with
the railroad corporation than there is in favor
of the citizen whose private rights you invade
by compelling him, without submitting it to
him at all, to become a subscriber to the capi-
tal stock of this railroad, whatever the name
of it is. Therefore, Mr. President, I cannot
see my way at all clear to vote in favor of this
bill.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to ask the Senator
if Congress has not given the right of way on
various occasions to railroad companies incor-
porated by territorial Legislatures ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know that they
have.
Mr. MORTON. Thereby recognizing such
an act?
Mr. EDMUNDS. When they give the right
of way to one territorial corporation, they do
not recognize the existence of any other terri-
torial corporation, because if it amounted to
any recognition at all it would be only like an
act of Congress saying " we will validate the
creation of this particular corporation," as
we might. Now, if an act of Congress had
been passed two years ago, giving consent
to the creation of this corporation in terms
of that character, the Senator from Indiana
would not maintain that thereby they had
acquiesced and given their consent to all other
acts of incorporation in all other Territories,
would he ? If he would, he would go a good
way further than most lawyers would go.
Therefore, it does not help the case at all to
say that Congress may have granted rights of
way to territorial railroad corporations. That
does not make any implied affirmance of terri-
torial grants of corporations to other incor-
porations which Congress has not confirmed,
if it would be a confirmation to grant such a
right of way.
Mr. NYE. I want to say a word about this
bill as it came from the committee to which
I belong. It may be that the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont is technically right legally,
though 1 think there is a good deal of question
about that. The way the committee looked
at it was this: here was an arrangement that
was entered into between the legislative body
of that Territory and certain individuals that
they were to construct forty or fifty miles of
road; they were to be paid for it in the fol-
lowing manner: the people along the line in
the several counties proposed to mortgage
their property for the purpose of paying for
its construction. This action may not have
been strictly legal. When they come to nego-
tiate their bonds it is found that they require
the sanction of Congress to validate them, to
some extent, or the want of it cripples them
in their negotiation; they have to be sold at a
less price; and both the people and the con-
tractors—and I do not know who they are—
by a general arrangement and by general ac-
quieseence_ come here and ask Congress to
validate this thing so that they can go on.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where is the evidence
that the people ask it? Are there any memo-
rials from them ?
Mr. NYE. We have petitions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 should like to see them.
Are they from the whole body of the people?
. Mr. NYE. I cannot tell about that. My
honorable friend can sit there and make mount-
ains out of mole-hills quicker than any man
I ever saw. Here lies the point: this is an act
of accommodation to this people. Do they
merit it? They are far away up the river,
and I believe have to go two or three hun-
dred miles—my friend from Iowa will kno w—by
the usual way of travel. With forty miles of
this road constructed they can come down to
Sioux City, the boundary line between Iowa
and Dakota. They say that their necessi-
ties demand it, and they appeal to Congress to
validate what is now considered invalid to
some extent so as to weaken its value. I do
not believe it involves any very great constitu-
tional question or a question that should make
Congress lose its senses on a principle. There
they are with five out of the foity miles of the
road constructed ; they have run against a
snag, and they ask Congress to lecthem up, and
they can do it without incurring the expense
of a dollar. The Committee on Territories, to
which the bill was referred, took that view of
it and have submitted it to the Senate. The
Senate will say whether we took a wrong view
or a right one.
Mr. CALDWELL. I ask the Senator from
Nevada if this bill is not confined to legaliz-
ing the bonds issued to this Dakota and
Southern Railroad Company alone?
Mr. NYE. It is; and no further.
Mr. CALDWELL. It only relates to that
one road—the road from Sioux City to Yank-
ton ?
Mr. NYE. That is all; it is confined to
that.
Mr. CALDWELL. I know something of
the necessity for building that road.
Mr. HAMLIN and others. Let us vote.
Mr. COLE. I will not interpose if a vote
can be had.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was read the third
time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I only wish to say one
word. According to the statement of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, who has examined this
matter, here is an effort by Congress to legal-
ize a thing that this Territory ought not to have
done.^ If we are going to set the example of
allowing territorial Legislatures to go on and
incorporate railroads and banks and every-
thing else, and then Congress is to come in
and ratify them, it is of no use to pass organic
acts limiting them at all.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I wish simply
to ask a question.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the bill should
go over for the present, because the committee
have not done in the bill what they designed
to do. The bill is imperfect, and ought to be
laid aside to be made perfect.
Mr. COLE. Then I insist on the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill goes
over.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 1654) making appropria-
tions to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, and for
former years, and for other purposes, the
pending question being on the motion of Mr.
Frelinghuysen, to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment known as the Morrill
amendment in regard to the Court of Claims
was non-concurred in.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. MORTON. I was going to move to lay
the pending order on the table for the purpose
of proceeding to the consideration of another
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill just
passed from or another one?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN.- Another bill.
Mr. MORTON. I understood some sug.
gestion was made about correcting the territo-
rial bill.
Mr. POMEROY. les, the committee have
not made the corporation legal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The territorial
bill has passed from the consideration of the
Senate, and the deficiency bill is before the
Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I move to lay that upon the
table with a view to proceeding to the consid-
eration of another bill.
Mr. COLE. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sena-
tor from Indiana state what the bill is?
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. What is the
other bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Louisi-
ana election bill, I believe.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir ; not the Louisiana
election bill.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. What is it?
Mr. MORTON. Senate bill No. 791, to
amend an act entitled "An act to amend an
act approved May 31, 1870, entitled 'An act
to enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of the
Union, and for other purposes.' " If the de-
ficiency bill is laid on the table I shall move
to proceed to the consideration of this bill.
Mr. COLE. I hope it will not be done. The
motion is not debatable, however.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable. The Senator from Indianaha3
given notice of the bill he desires to call up if
this motion should prevail.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to make an in-
quiry of the Chair. The motion is to lay on
the table the deficiency bill. That is the
entire motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is. _
Mr. CONKLING. Am I right in suppos-
ing that the Senator's suggestion is no part of
the motion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. CONKLING. And any Senator will
have the right to antagonize some other bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana only gave notice that that was
what he desired to proceed with. The motion
is to lay the deficiency bill on the table.
Mr. COLE. I want to make an incidental
remark. We are in the last stage of the defi-
ciency bill 
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is debate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think the bill ought
to be read which it is proposed to bring up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is only a
motion to lay the deficiency bill on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. We do not know what
bill will be taken up. Every Senator will be
at liberty to suggest a bill.
The motion to lay on the table was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on the motion of the Senator from
New Jersey, to reconsider the vote by which
the Morrill amendment, so called, was rejected,
upon which he is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I wish briefly to
occupy the attention of the Senate on this
question. This amendment brings up directly
and sharply the question whether we intend
that the Treasury of the United States shall be
drawn upon to indemnify disloyal persons for
losses they sustained in the rebellion ; and, Mr.
President, if there is any propriety in the Gov-
ernment of the United States indemnifying
this class of persons for cotton taken, we are
bound to pay them for every article taken from
them by our Army, because we took and used
no other articlc at the South that we had so
good a right to take as we had to take cotton.
In fact there was an imperative necessity upon
our Government to seize it If we are to
