1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
42d Cong....2d Sess.
William and Mary College—Mr. Goodrich.
Ho. of Reps.
"35. Classical worksofart, libraries, scientific col-
lections, or precious instruments, such as astronom-
ical telescopes, as well as hospitals, must be secured
against all avoidable injury, oven when they are
contained in fortified places while-besieged or bom-
barded.
" 36. If such works of art, libraries, collections, or
instruments, belonging to a hostile nation or Gov-
ernment, can be removed without injury, the ruler
of the conquering State or nation may order them to
be seized and removed for the benefit of the said
nation. The ultimate ownership is to bo settled by
the ensuing treaty of peace.
"In no case shall they be sold or given away, if
captured by the armies of the United States, nor
shall they ever be privately appropriated, or wan-
tonly destroyed or injured.
"37. The United States acknowledge and protect,
in hostile countries occupied by them, religion and
morality; strictly private property; the persons of
the inhabitants, especially those of women ; and the
saeredness of domestic relations. Offenses to the
contrary shall be rigorously punished.
" Tills rule does not interferewith the right of the vic-
torious invader to tax the people or their property, to
levy forced loans, to billet soldiers, or to appropriate
properly, especially houses, land, boats or ships, and
churches, for temporary and military uses."
Mr. GOODRICH. And so, sir, notwith-
standing the Government of the United States
recognizes, under the Rules of War, educa-
tional and church property, and the like, to
be inviolate from permanent capture or wan-
ton destruction, it still intended to retain, by
the publication of the order read, what by
those rules is given to all nations, the right
of temporary occupation of all Mich property
in an enemy's country, including even churches,
for the convenience of its invading army or
garrison holding possession of such country.
Hence, if our garrison holding occupation
of Williamsburg had temporarily occupied
the college buildings destroyed, and even if
that occupation had continued up to the time
of their destruction, so long as destruction
was in respect to the garrison wholly involun-
tary, such occupancy cannot have the slightest
effect to cast upon our Government any obli-
gation to make reimbursement for the loss,
either legally or equitably. Not legally, cer-
tainly; for that would be holding a nation to
pay damages in consequence of the exercise
of a legal right; not equitably, since that
would be predicating an adverse equity in
one from the exercise of an absolute right
by another; either of which would be absurd.
Besides, from the very nature of the destruc-
tion which is charged—that by disorderly, un-
authorized soldiers—it cannot possibly have
arisen in consequence of any occupation of
the property by the garrison, whether slight
or more considerable, or whether, with refer-
ence to the time of the destruction, remote or
more recent; while we have the fact distinctly
stated in the report of the committee that the
property was, at the time of its destruction,
" wholly unoccupied" byany one. Andthere-
fore the whole question presented simmers
down to simply whether, for the destruction
of property belonging to an enemy within
hostile territory by disorderly, unauthorized
soldiers connected with an invading garrison
holding military occupancy of the place where
the destruction occurs, the nation represented
the by garrison is under any obligation to
make reimbursernentfor the loss, either legally
or equitably.
And now a word or two further on the
question as to whether the destruction was,
according to the case presented by the memo-
rialists and the report of the committee,
wholly the act of disorderly, insnbordinate
soldiers, as charged, and, so far as the garri-
son and its officers were concerned, wholly
unauthorized and involuntary.
But before proceeding with what I desire to
say further on this point, a single remark or
two is due to letters that have been referred
to—that of General Meade for one. The pa-
pers in the ease show that early after the close
of the war the friends of William and Mary
College contemplated asking aid of the Legis.-
lature of Virginia, and afterward, and about
1865,1 think, purposed appealing for individual
assistance throughout the country. Whether
either application was ever made, and if either
was, with what results, does not, so far as-1
know, appear. But what I wish to say is,
that the letter of General Meade referred
to was written in 1865 in aid of the appeal
for individual assistance, and for no other
purpose.
Mr. McNBELY. Will the gentleman allow
me to read an extract from one of those he
has referred to ?
Mr. GOODRICH. By whom written ?
Mr. McNEELY. General Meade.
Mr. GOODRICH. Certainly.
Mr. McNEELY. General Meade, in speak-
ing of the burning of the College of William
and Mary, says that " it was one of those
deplorable acts" 
Mr. GOODRICH. Will the gentleman give
me the date of the letter?
Mr. McNEELY. He says that "it was
one of those deplorable acts of useless destruc-
tion which occur in all wars."
Mr. GOODRICH. I cannot yield to the
gentleman to read unless he gives me the
date of the letter.
Mr. McNBELY. I do not have the date.
Mr. GOODRICH. I understand that that
appears in the abstract, and I understand how
it has got into the abstract. Now, the letter
of General Meade bears date in 1865, I think,
and relates entirely to the appeal for individual
aid I have mentioned. It had no reference
to this application to Congress for reimburse-
ment.
Mr. McNEELY. That does not alter the
fact in relation to the opinion expressed by
MHft
Mr. GOODRICH. And I undertake to say
further that General Meade did not claim to
have any personal knowledge in regard to the
destruction of the college. The same is true
of all of the generals who wrote letters in aid
of the appeal. The only evidence on the point
by persons professing to have personal knowl
edge is from two women residing in Williams-
burg, to whose testimony on that point 1 shall
have occasion to refer in another connection
during my remarks, if time shall permit.
Returning, then, to the question whether,
according to the case presented by the memo-
rialists and the report of the committee, the
destruction of the college property was the
act of any one but that of disorderly, unau-
thorized soldiers, I say. Mr. Speaker, all the
proofs, including the affidavits of the women
referred to, concur that it was. No one
claims it was commanded by any officer of the
Army, or any officer of the garrison. It was
solely the act, as the claim by the memorial-
ists and the committee is, distinctly and posi-
tively, of unauthorized soldiers. So that, sir,
we are brought back at last to the question
whether a nation is to be held accountable for
acts of its disorderly,.insubordinate soldiers,
acting without the command of their officers?
As I have already said, such a rule of liability
would involve us as a nation in untold ex-
penses arising out, of the late rebellion. No
nation has ever thought of adopting any sueh
rule. The question has long ago been settled
in our Government and by this very House,
by the rejection of all such claims for injuries
done to the property even of its citizens by dis-
orderly soldiers acting without the command
of officers. A claim of this character was
brought before this House and was rejected
as early as 1817. The report of the commit-
tee by whom it was done, preserved in the
records of the House, (American State Papers,
530,) I send to the desk and ask that it be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. Williams, of North Carolina, from the Com-,
mit tee of Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of William Clements, of tho State of Tennessee,
reported. The petitioner states that, in the winter
of 1814 and 1815, his houses and lot in the town of
Palmyra, Montgomery county, Tennessee, were oc-
cupied as barracks by troops of the United States,
under the command of Ensign Somerville, of the
thirty-ninth regiment, then on the recruiting ser-
vice ; that the troops, while there, did consider-
able damage to his fences, stables, dwelling-house
and other out-houses; the damage thus sustained
amounts to sixty dollars, asappeavsfrom the valua-
tion on oath of three individuals, whose credibility
will not and need not be questioned. The peti-
tioner asks that amount of indemnification from
Congress.
" The committee are of opinion that the prayer of
the petitioner is unreasonable. The United States
never have made good to individuals any damage
wantonly done to their property by unauthorized
acts of the soldiery. Had the petitioner exercised a
common foresight and care over his own property,
he would have made known his grievances to Ensign
Somerville, whose duty and whose pleasure no doubt
itwould have been to deduct the amount of damage
from the pay of the offending soldiers, £nd thus have
afforded to the petitioner the redress he now asks
from Congress.
" The committee, therefore, recommend to the
House the following resolution:
" Jlesoloed, That the prayer of the petitioner ought
not to be granted."
Mr. GOODRICH. Again, sir, and at even
an earlier date, (18-14,) a similar claim pre-
sented iiere met with a similar rejection, and
was dismissed under the general statement
by the committee having it in charge that
u claims of this sort had often been brought
before Congress and had as often been re-
jected." (American State Papers, 610.) And
so they have been. And if, Mr. Speaker, they
are to be rejected when presented in behalf of
citizens who were at the times when the injuries
were received friendly to the Government, must
they not be when presented in behalf of those
who were not so, bat were unfriendly, disloyal,
and that, too, in time of war? Or, in respect
to such claims are the disloyal to be treated
better than the loyal? I trust not.
Sir, to leave no question that the property
of this college was destroyed without the au-
thority of any officer of the Army or of the
garrison, the honorable chairman of the com-
mittee reporting the bill under consideration,
in the course of his remarks in its support,
introduced a recently received telegram from
Colonel Campbell, who, though taken prisonei
by the attacking party, and taken off with them
when they retired in the forenoon of the 9th
of September, 1802, and therefore could have
had no personal knowledge of the burning of
property, (which occurred in the afternoon,)
still is able to say and does say that it was done
without any order from him. The chairman
also read a letter of a recent date from Gen-
eral Dix, then commandant of the department
which embraced-Williamsburg, in which letter
General Dix (though not in Williamsburg, but
in Washington, I believe, at the time) says that
the property was destroyed without any order
of his.
No statement has been obtained from Lieu-
tenant Colonel Smith, who succeeded to the
command of the garrison on , the-capture of
Colonel Campbell, and who remained and was
in Williamsburgwhen the property was burned.
There is, however, proof made through the
affidavit of one of the women who have been
mentioned, to the effect that Colonel Smith de-
clared at the time that he had given no orders
for the property to be destroyed, and that it
was done kt by drunken soldiers whom lie could
not control.'' So that, with all these proofs
before us, it must be clear that the college
property was destroyed at least without any
authority from any officer either of the garri-
son or of the Army.
Mr. STORM. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a single suggestion?
Mr. GOODRICH. Certainly.
