1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1943
to proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 560.
The bill (S. No. 560) for the enlargement
of the St. Mary's falls canal, in the State of
Michigan, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. The
bill proposes to authorize the Secretary of
War to purchase for the United States of
America, from the State of Michigan, or from
private owners, such land or lands lying adja-
cent to the St. Mary's falls canal, in the State
of Michigan, as may be necessary, ia the
opinion of the chief officer of the bureau of
engineers, United States Army, on duty in
the department of the Lakes, for the enlarge
naent of the canal to the extent required for
the construction of new and enlarged locks.
It also authorizes the Governor of the State
of Michigan to appoint five disinterested free-
holders, resident citizens of the State, who are
to appraise the value of such land or lands be-
longing to the State of Michigan, or to private
individuals, as may bo required for the enlarge-
ment of the canal. Such appraisers are to be
duly sworn, and are to meet and inspect the
required lands, consider and fix the value
of such lands, and forthwith make a return of
the valuation of the lands, together with the
boundaries thereof, and the several names of
the owners of such described lands, stating the
value of each parcel of land, and the name of
each owner in connection therewith; and such
return is to be forwarded to the Secretary of
War through the chief officer of the bureau
of engineers: and upon the payment of the
appraised value of the lands by the Secretary
of War, to the owners, their heirs, executors,
or assigns, the title of the lands is to vest in
the Government of the United States for the
uses and purposes of the canal.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
west pi eh at oswego, nkw yokk.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No 604.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 604) to
allow the Lake Ontario Shore Railroad Com-
pany to lay their track upon the west pier at
Oswego, New York. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of War to allow the Lake Ontario Shore
Railroad Company to lay their track upon the
west pier, in the harbor of Oswego, New
York, upon such terms and conditions as he
may think the public interests require and
make proper, reserving to the United States
the right to remove, at the expense of the
company, the track, whenever the Secretary
of War shall direct, without, any claim or right
of damages on the part of the company ; but
the company, from the time of laying its track
thereon, is to maintain the pier in good order
and repair, at its own expense, and without
any cost to the Government, so long as it shall
continue to occupy it.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with an amendment, to strike out all after
the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized to sell at public sale, to the highest re-
sponsible bidder, so much of the west pier of Oswego
harbor. New irork, and at such times as he may
deem compatible with tbc public interests: Provided,
That until such sale is effected the Secretary ofWar
is authorized to lease the said pier to the Lake
Ontario Shore Railroad Company, or other parties,
for such periods, not exceeding three years, and
upon such terms and conditions as, in his judgment,
the publie interests may require, reserving to the
United States the right to annul the lease whenever,
in the opinion of the Secretary of War, it may be
demanded by the exigencies of the public service.
The amendment was agreed to.
The hill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed,
and its title was amended so as to read, "A
bill to authorize the Secretary of War to sell
the west pier at Oswego harbor, New York,
and for other purposes."
goods in bond is texas.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that House
bill No. 1657 be taken up.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 1657)
to amend the second section of the act of August
30, 1852, in relation to the transportation and
exportation of imported goods, wares, and
merchandise in bond through certain ports
in the State of Texas. It proposes to amend
the second section of the act of August 30,
1852, entitled " An act authorizing imported
goods, wares, and merchandise, en'ered and
bonded for warehousing in pursuance of law,
to be exported by certain routes to ports
and places in Mexico," so that imported mer-
chandise, duly entered and bonded at a port
of the United States, and withdrawn from
warehouse in accordance with existing law,
for exportation for San Fernando, Paso del
Norte, and Chihuahua, in Mexico, shall, pass
through Indianola, the port of entry for the
district of Saluria, in the State of Texas,
under such regulations as the Secretary sf the
Treasury shall prescribe, and not through the
port of Lavaca, in that district, as required
by that section.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a thiid reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. CHANDLER subsequently said: I
move that the Senate reconsider the vote by
which House bill No. 1657 was passed a few
moments ago, in order to allow my friend
from Texas [Mr. Hamiltox] to offer an
amendment to it.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the vote ordering the bill to a
third reading will also be regarded as recon-
sidered, and the bill is now open to amend-
ment.
Mr. HAMILTON", of Texas. I move to
amend the bill by striking oat in the fourteenth
line the words "and not," and inserting in
lieu thereof the words " as well as j " so that
the clause will read:
Under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury shall provide, as well as through the port
of Lavaca, in buid district, as required by said
section.
I have received communications from lead-
ing men of both piaces on this subject. Lavaca
was onee the port of entry for that district. It
was a considerable town with quite a commerce
for that country. Subsequently a place has
been established lower down on the bay, where
there is deeper water, and which has railroad
communication with the interior, and it is
doing a large portion of the business. Still
there are fine warehouses in Lavaca and a
great deal of business done there. The people
in either place do not want absolutely to
prostrate the other. They want both places
kept up. I imagine it will make no difference
whatever to the Government, and inasmuch
as the people want the warehouses in Lavaca
kept up by the Government as well as those at
Indianola, I propose the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
the amendment, and I hope it will be adopted.
Tlie amendment was agreed to.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
killing of walrus.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Seuate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill No. 735.
The bill (S. No. 785) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to extend the laws of the Uni-
ted States relating to customs, commerce, and
navigation, over the territory ceded to the
United States by Russia, to establish a collec-
tion district therein, and for other purposes,"
July 27, 1868, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The bill proposes to make it unlaw-
ful to kill any female walrus, or any walrus
less than one year old, during either of the
months of July, August, or September, in
each year, n any waters adjacent to the ter-
ritory of Alaska, or in any waters adjacent to
or between any islands in the Arctic or North
Pacific ocean subject to the Government of
the United States; but the natives of such
territory or islands are to have the privilege
of killing such walrus as may be necessary to
supply themselves with food during any month
of the year, subject to such regulations as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
bridges acuoss the ohio river.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 539.
The Senate, as iu Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
639) authorizing the construction of a railroad
bridge across the Ohio river at and near
Evansville, in the State of Indiana.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that this bill has been read at
length, and there is an amendment reported
by the committee, and an amendment to that
amendment pending offered by the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Mouton.]
Mr. MORTON. I withdraw that amendment
for the time. I am willing that the bill shall
pass without it.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the amendment
withdrawn, the one in reference to low water?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRATT. Does my colleague under-
stand that this is the bill authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge at Evansville?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; and I withdraw
the proposed amendment, and am willing to
let the bill pass. I will take the chauce of
having it corrected afteiward.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment to the amendment is withdrawn, and the
question now is on the amendment reported
by the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BORBMAN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to that amendment. I understand that
this bill contains the same amendment with the
other bill that we had up a short time since.
Mr. CHANDLER. They are fac similes;
the two bills are alike.
Mr. BOREMAN. I move to amend the
amendment reported by the committee by in-
serting after the words ''Ohio river," in the
second line of the third section, the words
" below the mouth of the Big Sandy river."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. BOREMAN. If the chairman of the
committee says that this bill contains precisely
the same provisions as the bill which was read
a few moments since, I shall not require it to
be read over again. This subject of bridging
the Ohio river is one of great importance; but
if the bill contains the same provision precisely
as the bill we had up a few moments ago I shall
not object to it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
the Senator's amendment. Let it be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment has been agreed to. The question now ia
on the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thebill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CHANDLER. Now I ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to consider the bill
as taken from the table which I moved to lay
on the table a short time since. It is Seriate
bill No. 662.
