1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3735
Sec.—. That the offenses underthis act, and actions
to recover damages, may be prosecuted before any
teriitorinl, district, or circuit court of the United
States having jurisdiction of crimes at the place
where the offense was charged to have been com-
mitted.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to amend the
amendment in lines two, three, and four, by
striking out the words "or of any place of
public amusement or entertainment for which
a license from any legal authority is required."
Mr. SPENCER. I hope neither of these
amendments will be adopted. I am in favor
of civil rights, and I want the bill as originally
introduced by the Senator from Massachusetts.
I shall ask for the yeas and nays on each and
every amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Let the amendment be
read by the Clerk as it will read if amended
as proposed by the Senator from Ohio.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment as
proposed to be amended.
Mr. THURMAN. My amendment is to
strike out the provision in regard to places of
public amusement and entertainment. Then
the bill will be confined to public inns and
public conveyances, railroads, stage-coaches,
and the like.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that amendment. I hope the amend-
ment will be voted down.
Mr. CAMERON. Oh, no ; do not call the
yeas and nays; we will vote it down.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 20; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Hamilton of Maryland,
Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Ransom, Saulsbury, Ste-
venson, Thurman, and Vickers—14.
NAYS- Messrs. Auies, Caldwell, Cameron, Car-
penter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Corbett,
Cragin. Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelmghuy-
sen, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Logan, Morrill of
Vermont, Nye, Osborn, Patterson. Pomeroy. Pool,
Robertson, Sawyer,Scott,Spencer, Sprague, Wilson,
and Wright—29.
absent —Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Davis of Kentucky, Ed-
munds, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut Gilbert,
Groldthwaite, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Kel-
logg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Rice, Schurz, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton,
Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, West, and Windom—31.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to amend the
amendment in line twelve by striking out the
word "hundred." It now provides that any
person who " shall make any distinction as to
admission or accommodation therein, of any
citizen of the United States, because of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude,
shall, on conviction thereof, be fined not less
> than $500 nor more than $5,000 for each
offense."
The deprivation may be the slightest in the
world, it may not be an injury to the person
to the extent of one cent even; and yet here
is this enormous and monstrous minimum fine
of $500. I move to strike out "hundred"
so as to leave it five dollars, and I ask for the
yeas and nays. ["No!" "No!"]-
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment in the form of
a substitute.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to say I do
not desire to argue this question ; that I hope
the amendment will not prevail. I shall vote
against it.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope it will prevail.
Mr.SPENCER. I hope that the amendment
of the Senator from Wisconsin will not pre-
vail. I consider it emasculating the bill en-
tirely, and I hope it will be voted down, and
that every genuine frieud of civil rights will
vote against it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I hope the
amendment will not prevail. We have had
several votes upon this subject; the subject
has been discussed, and the opiuiou of the
Senate has been expressed over and over
again in favor of retaining the provisions in
reference to public schools. I understand that
this substitute strikes out public schools, and
thereby very much impairs the effect of the
bill. Now, as to public schools at the North,
in mostof the States theyhavealreadyadopted
this provision, and it works well; and if it
works well at the North, there is greater pro-
priety that in States where the colored people
are so large a proportion of the population
they should have equal rights. I shall vote
against the amendment, and hope it will not
prevail.
Mr. CLAYTON. I hope the amendment
will not prevail. 1 desire io see this question
settled for all time. I believe the adoption of
the proposition as embodied by the bill of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] will settle the question and make any
future legislation unnecessary. 1 believe that
if this substitute is adopted this vexed ques-
tion will be still before the country, a source
of trouble in future legislative bodies.
Mr. LOGAN. But a word, sir. I do not
ask anybody to accommodate me in arranging
the bill, and do not suppose it would be done
anyhow. But the Senator from New Jersey
is mistaken when lie says that this provision is
the only one stricken out that was in the other
bill. There was a provision in reference to
jurors in the other bill that probably prevented
several Republicans from voting for the bill,
as well as the provision in reference to com-
mon schools. Now, I am in hopes that the
question of common schools will be settled;
and the question of common schools in my
State is settled.
I have persistently voted against-this bill as
an amendment to the amnesty bill, and should
have voted against it separately, on the ground
that it interfered with State^ laws. I was will-
ing to vote for any proposition that would not
have interfered with the laws of the States;
but I find gentlemen who are not willing to be
as accommodating on my side. I say that
where you interfere with State laws you will do
more injury to the colored people than you
will by passing a law leaving that matter out to
be regulated by the States to suit themselves,
as has been done in nearly every other State.
For that reason, I hope this amendment of the
Senator from Wisconsin will be adopted.
Mr. SPE NCER. I am very much afraid that
the civil rights bill is going to be this morning
in this thin Senate entirely emasculated and
rendered practically useless. It is uufair and
unjust to take a vote upon this bill during the
absence of the Senator from Massachusetts,
["Oh!" "Oh!"] and as the bill will be the
unfinished business at twelve o'clock, I move,
therefore, in order that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts who has introduced this bill may be
present, that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask the Senator to
withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. SPENCER. Very well.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator from
Massachusetts has been sent for and requested
to attend. He has had fair notice. This mat-
ter has been discussed for several days. Now
do let us settle it. I hope the motion to adjourn
will be voted down.
Mr. SPENCER. I insist on the motion to
adjourn, as the Senator from Massachusetts is
not here. I want to allow every opportunity
for him to be here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Alabama moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
A division "was called for on the motion.
Mr. CRAGTN. I suggest that a committee
be appointed to wait on the. Senator from
Massachusetts and request his attendance,
[laughter,] and that the Senator from Ala-
bama be chairman of the committee. [Laugh-
ter.]
The question being put, the ayes were six.
noes not counted. So' the motion was not
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the substitute, and the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question beyig taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Caldwell, Carpen-
ter, Casserly, Cole, Corbett Davis of West Virginia,
Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston, Kelly, Logan,
Morrill of Maine, Norwood, Pool, Ransom, Sauls-
bury, Scott, Stevenson, Thuriaan, Vickers, and
Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Clayton. Conkling, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, liamliu, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Robertson, Sawyer,
Spencer, Sprague, anjd Wilson—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cooper, Davisof Kentucky, Edmunds,
Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Ilill, Hitchcock, llowe,
Kellogg, Lewis, Morton, Patterson, Pratt. Ramsey,
Rice, Soliurz, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton, Suinncr,
Tipton, Trumbull. West, and Windom—32.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to lay the bill
ou the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole was concurred iu.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move an amendment,
the object ot which is simply to give the right
of appeal or writ of error in all these eases.
I will state before the amendment is read, for
the benefit of those who are not lawyers, that
as the law now stands no appeal to the Su-
preme Court can be taken unless the amount
of money involved is $2,000, and if there is a
conviction here there is no provision for an
appeal. That ought to be provided for.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
wa3 to add to the bill the words " with a right
of appeal or to have a writ of error in any ease
to the Supreme Court of the United States."
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator from Cali-
fornia is speaking of civil cases. This bill
provides for a crime punishable by indictment,
and iu criminal cases there is no appeal or writ
of error to the Supreme Court, and therefore
there is a double necessity for adopting the
amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is a provision for
civil actions in this bill. 1 believe 1 am right.
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I move in line twelve to
strike out the word "five" and insert "one,"
and to strike out the word "thousand" and
insert " hundred so as to read, "be fined
not less than $100 nor more than $500."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will observe that part of the amendment has
been concurred in in the form in which it
stands, and cannot be amended.
Mr. BAYARD. That is not the same
amendment which was offered by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio. He moved to strike
out "hundred" entirely, so as to make it
"five dollars." My motion is to make it
"$100."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment was rejected in Committee of the Whole,
and the Senate has concurred in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole as
it appears now in the bill. The Senator can
move to reconsider, and thus accomplish his
object. ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. THURMAN. I submit to those who
are better advised that it is not in order to
move simply to strike out part of the amend-
ment that has been adopted in Committee of
the Whole, because it has been inserted in the
bill, and you cannot then move to strike out
