1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1047
of the French Government, and to aid him in
the settlement of his transactions with that
Government, after Mr. Remington, aa we are
told, had been, so to speak, turned out of the
War Department as a French agent and his
bids had been rejected for that reason, as a
trade this Government could not entertain.
What I mean to say is this 
Mr. CONlvLING. I shall not interrupt the
Senator; but will simply suggest that he of
course does not understand that these letters
were furnished to Mr. Remington while the
war was going on or this transaction.
Mr. SCHURZ. No. I know very well when
these letters were furnished to Mr. Remington.
Mr. CONKLING. I will tell the Senator,
if lie will allow me; I ought to have told him
before if I did not. It was long, long after
the war between France and Germany had
ceased to rage.
Mr. SCHURZ. I understand.
Mr. CONKLING. It was now recently;
since snow fell this winter, I think ; certainly
quite recently.
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly; I am well ac-
quainted with the case, and the Senator and
myself do not differ on that point. It was
after the trial of Place had taken place. It
was when Mr. Remington, as the agent of the
French Government, had got into difficulty with
the French authorities about his transactions
that these letters were furnished him; and it
is for this very reason that I say it was ot'
most questionable propriety that documents
on their face semi-official, bearing-official sig-
natures, at least official titles of officers of the
UnitedStates attached to the signatures, should
appearon such an occasion. Certainly I would
not find fault with the Senator from New York
for giving him his letter as an act of friend-
ship ; but when I see the names of American
officials appear in such transactions in France,
I would suggest to the honorable Senator from
New Jersey, whom I do not see in his seat
now, that the American name may ill that way
indeed be somewhat compromised.
Well, after all this, I believe the Senator
from Iowa will no longer assert that there is
not at least a ground of suspicion indicating
that there were transactions between this Gov-
ernment and persons who might reasonably
have been presumed to be agents of one of the
belligerent Powers.
Now, as to the money part of the transac-
tion. There were certain sums paid by France
for arms which appear in their newspapers
and in their official and semi-official docu-
ments. If we may believe them, the whole
sum of money expended by France through
Remington for arms bought of the United
States amounted to about fifty-four million
francs. On the other hand, as is stated by the
Secretary of War, the whole sum received by
hiui amounts to not quite ten million dollars..
The aggregate sum paid bytheFiench Govern-
ment does not appear in a quite definite shape.
It is merely put at about fifty-four million
francs, which would make in gold $11,000,000;
in currency about fourteen million dollars.
There would then be a discrepancy of about
four million dollars between the money paid
on one and received on the other side. 1 do
not presume to speak with any definiteness
upon that point. I will not vouch for the abso-
lute correctness of the aggregate figures given
in France, but it is very probable that the
whole amount really expended by the French
Government, in these purchases through Rem-
ington, is not very far from fifty-four million
francs. We know one thing by the documents
that have been published in the newspapers,
and that is that up to the 23d day of Decem-
ber, 1870, when the moneys expended for
American arms ceased to pass through the
hands of the consul general, (he French Gov-
ernment expended §6,092.173, and that for
the same lots of arms as identified the money
received by the United States was $5,124,953.
There is a discrepancy of $847,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What document?
Mr. SCHURZ. I have already said that I
am quoting from official documents. It is
figured up from the account of the War De-
partment. The Senator has the report of the
Department and can make the calculations.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The report of the War
Department is six hundred pag°s long.
Mr. SCHURZ. No, this little report. [That
of January 24, 1872.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me have that.
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly. Now, sir, we
know also that all the purchases which were
made of the Government of the United States
were on the part of France made through
Remington. We know farther from French
official reports that Mr. Remington was author-
ized to charge the French Government a com-
mission at first of five per cent., which finally,
after it turned out that the sales were very
large, was reduced to two and a half per cent.;
so that taking the basis of fifty-four million
francs or fourteen million dollars, Mr. Reming-
ton's commission might have been from three
hundred to three hundred and fifty thousand
dollars. That there is a discrepancy between
the money paid by the French Government
and the money received by the United States
Government and Remington's commissions
seems obvious. It has been suggested that
that money was pocketed by intermediate
parties. That would at first sight seem very
plausible; but I have already alluded to the
curious fact that taking the accounts of those
intermediate parties it turns out that in nearly
every case the prices received hei-e, as to each
item, corresponds almost exactly with the
prices paid by the French Government. So it
would seem, as far as the prices of the goods
are concerned, that no money fell into the
pockets of those intermediate parties—-a very
curious circumstance ; and certainly it cannot
be presumed that Mr. Remington could have
pocketed it, soiled his hands with illegitimate
gain, indorsed as his integrity is by so many
great authorities. Nay, it may be presumed
that such sums of money as those usually do
not remain in the hands of one person, but
are to some extent distributed. If I were
asked what I believe as to where these sums
of money have gone, I would very candidly
tell the Senate, 1 do not know. Here we are
moving on dark ground, which is to be ex"-
plored. Neither do I think that we ever com-
menced an investigation of such things where
we were able distinctly to say '' there is the mail
who has the money." Were we able to say
that, investigation would be unnecessary. The
circumstance that we do not know what has
become of those sums, is one of the reasons
why the investigation is demanded.
Well, sir, after all this was the Senator
from Iowa right in tauntingly asking the ques-
tion, is this any concern ot the American peo-
ple? Why, sir, is not everything that affects
the honor and standing and reputation of any
American official, even if it only distantly
affected, a matter that must most surely con-
cern the American people? We have heard
here in these dispatchesof1' strong influences"
being brought to bear. The idea has been
ridiculed. It has been represented as the mere
boastful expression of an agent who wanted to
make himself important. Well, sir, if such j
statements stood entirely alone, if there were i
no other circumstances suspiciously connected ;
with them, then I readily admit it might be
put out of the way as irrelevant. But when ,
there is reason to believe that money has been j
spilled in a mysterious way, and when there is j-
talk of " strong influences having been used, j
of difficulties having been overcome, the idea j
naturally suggests itself that the strong influ-
ences may possibly have something to do with
that money. I am far from asserting that they
had ; but I say they may have had, and the sus-
picion has been expressed that they did have.
That suspicion has grown up not only at home;
it has shown itself abroad. And I think it is
the bounden duty of every citizen of the United
States who values the standing of the Govern-
ment and the honor of his country to fathom
the subject to the bottom. Nay, sir, here is a
man implicated, Mr. Remington, who is to a
certain extent accredited with the French Gov-
ernment, by our chief of ordnance and our
Secretary of War over their official signatures.
Tell me, does notour Government to a certain
extent appear implicated in his case? I will
not say that it was so implicated by the author-
ity of the President, for I am confident it was
not; nor by order of the Secretary of State,
who conducts our international intercourse.
But if it was done merely by an act of indis-
cretion on the part of other high officials of
the Government, yet after all it was done ;
and is not this a matter of grave importance?
It will not do for us to close our eyes to these
occurrences, for nobody else does. It is im-
possible to conceal these things. It is unworthy
of a great Government to attempt to cover up
what the whole world has already learned from
the proceedings in French courts and in the
French National Assembly.
Something has been said here of our de-
nouncing the Government of the United States
to the world abroad. Why, gentlemen, are
we not revealing any secret here ? Do not in-
dulge in such delusions. All Europe knows
already what we are speaking about. Do you
think you can by putting your heads in the
sand, like the ostrich, make all the world be-
lieve that what is known abroad is a secret
here? By affecting to treat it as a secret, can
you make it secret? Is that taking care of the
honor of the Government ? Ignoring charges
is not refuting them. AVe have to show in
the face of the world that if we cannot stop
corrupt practices we can at least ferret them
out in order to correct them. If this country
is compromised, it is not done by those who
denounce the offense, but by those who per-
petrated it. If any wrong has been done, we
cannot make it good by trying to conceal it
when it is known to the world, but by boldly
expressing our disapproval we can right our
position before mankind.
A closing word, sir. A year ago I had a
very peculiar interest in this case. When the
war between France and Germany was raging,
and when the news went abroad that our Gov-
ernment was furnishing arms to France, a great
commotion sprang up among American citi-
zens of German nativity. When first the great
sales, in October, were made, protests were
brought before the Government, strong repre-
sentations were made to the President him-
self, and I read at that time a statement in
the newspapers that the sales were suspended.
Whether it was true or not I do not know; at
any rate, the newspapers reported it. The
November elections passed over, and the sales,
if they ever were, dii not remain suspended.
Then the commotion increased, the excitement
rose, meetings were held all over this coun-
try, resolutions were passed, and I especially
was flooded with an avalanche of letters and
addresses and protests and remonstrances
urging me to attack the Government, for the
sales of arms that were made, on the floor of
the United States Senate. To show the spirit
of these manifestations, I will quote a few
sentences from one of them which was sent to
me, covered with thousands and thousands of
signatures, by citizens of Wisconsin:
" Considering that the German peoplo at tho time
of the w.u- of the rebellion did not content them-
selves with mere expressions of sympathy for the
United States, but also strengthened the credit of
this Republic by the purchase of bonds in great
number, thus cooperating in furnishing means to
fight the rebellion successfully; and considering
that almost every German-American citizen capable
of bearing arms followed the call of tho President
against the rebellion and stepped into the ranks of
the Army, we declare that we as men of German
nativity and tree citizens of the American Republic
do not approve of it tuat the same arms which,
partly at least, "were bought by our money and car-
ried by us in the war of the rebellion, should be now
sent to France to serve in killing our brothers a-nd.
relatives."
