152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 16,
they have already expended $2,000,000 on the
first story of the building at New York. If
gentlemen will refer to the report of the super-
vising architect, they will find the expenditure
stated there at $1,900,000, and this did riot
include the unexpended balance, since ex-
pended, which brings the amount to over
$2,000,000. Its public buildings cost some-
thing to this country.
It is proposed to erect in Chicago a build-
ing which shall accommodate all the Federal
offices, the post office, the United States courts,
the custom-house, the sub-Treasury, the inter-
nal revenue offices, &c. Now, sir, in Now
York they have a custom house which cost
$1,200,000, and a sub-Treasury building which
cost $1,300,000; and they have already spent
over $2,000,000 on the post office and court-
house, a building which, in the end, will cost
probably over $5,000,000. And all that it is
proposed to give Chicago by this bill for the
whole public buildings, including the site, is
$4,000,000.
Now, as to the site which it is proposed
the Government should purchase, it is not
confined by this bill to any particular square.
If it cannot get the remainder of the square
on which the building formerly stood at a
reasonable rate, it may bargain for any one
of twenty-four other squares, for any square
within two squares of tbat one. This covers
twenty-four squares, which gives sufficient
leverage to make men reasonable as to price,
and the bill provides for the condemnation of
this property in case the parties will not at
private sale deal reasonably with the Govern-
ment.
Had the public building at Chicago been on
a square by itself it would not have been burned.
The building which was there was not a very
valuable one, for it only cost the Government
about five hundred thousand dollars all told.
It was a small building, entirely unsuited to
the wants of Chicago, not sufficient even for
a post office, not sufficient even for the courts,
scarcely sufficient for any branch of the Fed
eral offices in that great and growing city. This
block, before the fire in Chicago, could not
have been purchased, without the buildings
upon it, for probably $2,000,000. Now, it is
possible that the Government might go out
somewhere into the suburbs of the city and pur-
chase a block a great deal cheaper. Of course
it could. But oughtit to do this ? By no means.
It should have its public buildings in a central
portion of the city, where the people would be
accommodated ; and the Government has no
right, because it can purchase property some-
where else cheaper, to depress the value of
private property in the vicinity of where the
public buildings were. When men have in-
vested large sums in real estate in that vicinity,
the Government has no right lo go and take
away from them the value of their property by
removing the public buildings lo some other
portion of the city.
Sir, we should deal with Chicago in this
matter precisely as if that block alone had
been burned over, and the rest of the city left
untouched. Nay,  c should deal more liber-
ally with the city on account of what has
occurred, and put the buildings back where
they will accommodate the wants of the peo-
ple. I do not stand Hp here asking charily
for Chicago. Chicago is a giant still, great in
its desolation as it was great in its life, and,
rising from its ashes, it will show to the people
of the United States that it will require public
buildings costing $4,000,000 in a very few years
for the amount of public business which will
have to be transacted thex-e.
Mr. DAWES. I desire, if possible, to dis-
abuse this bill of amy prejudice growing out of
the question of public buildings in New York.
I believe the bill can stand upon its own merits,
and I do not think that even the public build-
ings in New York are open to the charge of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kax-
dall,] who says that the promise was made in
the last Congress that these buildings would
cost $3,000,000, but that by enlargement and
corruption they are to cost $10,000,000.
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir; I meant both
buildings, the post offices at New York and
Boston.
Mr. DAWES. I regret that the gentleman
did not say what he meant.
Mr. RANDALL. The two buildings at New
York and Boston will cost $10,000,000.
Mr. DAWES. I regret, then, that the gen-
tleman did not say what he meant.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 am not responsible for
what the gentleman understood me to say.
Mr. DAWES. If it was necessary to drag
the Boston custom-house in to help the gentle-
man out in the statement which he made 
Mr. RANDALL. I do not need any help
from the gentleman whatever. I am quite
able to take care of myself.
Mr. DAWES. Well, I do not think the
after-thought of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. in reference to the Boston custom-house
will give him any aid in carrying out this mat-
ter, for the Boston post office has never been
enlarged one hair's breadth of an inch, nor lias
one dollar been expended on the Boston post
office over and above the original appropria-
tion under the limitation put in the first bill.
It has no more connection with the gentle-
man's statement of corruption and enlarge-
ments than the wind has. The gentleman's
new-born zeal in reference to corruption and
enlargements has led to confusion in his mind.
The $10,000,000 expended on the court-house
in New York has led him to mistake what he
is talking about. It is not a court-house that
the Government is building in New York; it
is a post office.
Mr. RANDALL. And for the courts.
Mr. DAWES. The court-house in New York,
built by the county of New York, I know is
costing $10,000,000, and I regret that, the new
role the gentleman is attempting lo play leads
him to this confusion.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman will allow
me to say that the post office and the United
States courts are to be accommodated in this
building in New York.
Mr. DAWES. You may talk in your own
time. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. I will correct the mis-
statements of the gentleman wherever I can,
in or out of my time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts is entitled to the floor now.
Mr. DAWES. Ideal with the gentleman with
perfect fairness. I am entitled to the floor now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania was out of order in interrupting,
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman stated as an
argument against this bill that we were told in
the last Congress that the New York post
office would cost but $3,000,000, and that by
corruption and enlargements it, is going toco<t
S 10,000.000. Now the gentleman says that
he meant the New York and Boston post
offices. I say to him that the Boston post office
has no more connection with that statement
than the New Orleans custom-house, which
was a grand demonstration in itself of the zeal
for economy with which those with whom the
gentleman is associated are accustomed to illus-
trate their lives and their votes. [Laughter.]
But, Mr. Speaker, the cost of the New York
post office was limited to $3,000,000, and the
enlargement to which the gentleman alludes
is under ground. When they came to build
the foundation they found that it ftas sand.
They were obliged to sink the building thirty
feet, and they made one third as much room
underneath before they got to the solid founda-
tion as there was above. Congress gave them
$800,000 in addition to the $8,000,000 to finish
up that thirty feet under ground, giving them
one third as much room as there was above
ground. It was an addition of $800,000 to
the $3,000,000 which was the original limit-
ation, and it will never exceed that unless
those who now control the Treasury of tfcte
United States shall pass out of power in this
House, and that power shall fall into the hand<
of those who preach rather than practice.
Now, Mr. Speaker, a word in reference to
this building. If there had been no fire in
Chicago at ail the demands of the public there
would have required a building as large as that
in New York, and larger than that in Boston,
so that the only result of the calamity that was
visited upon Chicago is this, that the necessity
of the building is upon us now. We might have
postponed it for two or three years had it not
been for the fire, but when built it would have
had to be built according to the necessities and
exigencies of the public, and as large a build-
ing would have been required in Chicago as in
New York. Everybody knows what a center
it is, and how large a business must be trans-
acted there. It requires $3,000,000 for the
structure and $1,000,000 for the site. In New
York it wasoriginally $3,000,000for the struc-
ture, outsideof the amount for the site. Added
to that is $800,000 for building that part of it
which is under ground, making $3,800,000 for
the building outside of what the land itself has
cost. Thisis, therefore, less than the New York
appropriation. And if Congress is true to itself
they will hold them to this limitation as we in
the last Congress held New York to the limit-
ation which was imposed in the bill making
the appropriation.
There is no occasion for saying that by cor-
ruption any more than by enlargement there
has been an improper expenditure of money
in New York in the superintendence and ex-
penditure of that appropriation. Not a dollar
of that money has been improperly expended,
and the closest scrutiny is challenged into the
expenditure of every dollar of the money ap-
propriated by the last Congress for New York.
And when that appropriation is enlarged it will
be by the vote of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] and his associates.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SWANN obtained the floor.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 desire to say
that I propose to call for a vote as soon as the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Swasn] shall
have concluded his remarks.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope not.
Mr. SWANN. I have but recently taken
part in the discussions of the Committee on
Appropriations. I am very sorry to see that
it is attempted to make a party question
of this appropriation, and that some feeling
has been manifested on this floor between
gentlemen on both sides of the House. Now,
I approach it without, reference to party; I
approach it for the purpose of doing justice
to a down-stricken community, which has
been visited by a calamity unprecedented in
the history of this country, and in doing jus-
tice to them I am glad to know that I benefit
the whole country.
My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] has said this is not a question of
charity. Sir. I do not approach it as a ques
tiou of charity; but I do approach it as a
question of sympathy, as well as public duty.
Here is a community, comprising almost the
largest city population in the United States,
stricken down by one of the" most awtul calam-
ities known in the experience of the civilized
world.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a single question?
Mr. SWANN. Certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman regard
this as an appropriation to assist in building
up this stricken city, or does he regard it in
any other light than tbat of a mere appropria-
tion of public money for a specific improve
ment?
Mr. SWANN. I regard it in both lights.
If gentlemen will hear me out, I will explaiD
myself on that point. The Committee on
Appropriations have had before them the
report of another committee of this House,
