2840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
that he has not given aid or comfort to the
rebellion, and then another provision declares
that when the court shall ascertain that he has
been guilty of aiding the rebellion it shall
dismiss the cause for want of jurisdiction, it
seems to me in substance to declare that the
loyalty of the claimant shall be a jurisdictional
fact in the case. However, upon that mere
question of construction of that statute the
Supreme Court have held otherwise.
Now, there is no occasion for rending our
garments. The foundations of the Constitu-
tion have not been disturbed. The preroga-
tive of Congress to determine what shall be
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims has not
been questioned. There is no cause for alarm.
Even if we set up our judgment against theirs
and say they decided that mere question of
statutory construction erroneously, there is
nothing in that which need shake our confi-
dence in human nature, because erroneous
opinions have been delivered by the best of
men ever since opinions were delivered at all.
So much for the course of debate in regard to
the decision of the Supreme Court.
It is conceded by the Supreme Court, just
as we claim, that we may determine what
causes the Court of Claims shall try and what
causes they shali not try. We mean to con-
fine the jurisdiction of that Court so that it
shall not include this class of cases. Now, all
we have to do is simply to frame an amend-
ment or a provision iu some form which shall
make it entirely clear past any office of con-
struction that Congress intended so to limit the
jurisdiction of th# Court of Claims, and there
is no cause to fear that the Supreme Court
will not obey it. They have decided aver and
over again that they must obey, aud they have
never disobeyed. On the question of whether
we had or had not conferred the jurisdiction,
they have delivered their opinion ; they may
be right, or they may be wrong ; but their opin-
ion was delivered upon nothing in the world
but this simple question whether the act had
or had not conferred upon the Court of Claims
the jurisdiction to determine this point.
Now, then, we have nothing to do but to
frame a provision here that shall make this
perfectly clear; and 1 suggest to my friends
who have this amendment in charge that it
might be made a little clearer than it is in its
phraseology. I would say in express words,
out of respect to the decision wtnch the Su-
preme Court has made, although we may think
it erroneously made, " that all jurisdiction
heretofore conferred by act or acts of Congress
upon the Court of Claims to determine a cause
or claim in which the claimant had participated
in the rebellion, or given aid to it iu fact, (and
irrespective of the fact whether pardon or
amnesty had been granted to him,) be and
hereby is abolished."
That is the amendment which, if I had my
way, I would put on this bill, because it goes
directly to the point. It strikes exactly at the
difficulty which the court had; and whether,
they were right or wrong in putting the con-
struction which they did upon the statutes,
there would be no chance to put any construc-
tion upon such a provision that would give
that court jurisdiction. When the tiling is
so simple and plain, so easily to be accom-
plished, and when there is nothing between us
and the Supreme Court except a mere differ-
ence of opinion as to what ,we have accom-
plished by a particular provision of the statute,
it seems to me it would a great deal better
become the dignity of this body to revise the
statute than to revile the court.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hak-
LAN in the chair.) The question is upon the
motion to reconsider.
Mr* POMEROY. 1 do not wish to take up
any time in discussing this proposition to re-
consider, except as it relates to the public
business. We have spent on this appropria-
tion bill day after day and day after day. We
Bpeat one day in getting this amendment on and
one day in getting it off. The progress we
are making out of this difficulty is about the
same that the frog made in getting out of the
well that is spoken of in the old books; he
jumped up two steps and then fell back three.
[.Laughter.] _ . .
I have two objections to continuing tnis dis-
cussion on this amendment and our action.
Iu the first place, we ought to have taken the
ground which the Committee on Appropria-
tions did try to enforce, that we would not
put legislation of this character on an appro-
priation bill. I remember that two years ago
we put sometning of this character on an ap-
propriation bill relating to an Indian tribe in
the State of Kansas, and the Department
never found it out for two years. The Depart-
ment did not know it was the law until two
years afterward. It was inserted as a^ pro-
viso in an appropriation bill. Now, it this
proposition becomes a law, where shall we
look for it? In a deficiency bill. It is the
worst place in the world, and the worst sys-
tem in the world to legislate upon questions
of this character by tacking them on as amend-
ments to an appropriation bill.
I have supported the view of the Senator
from New Jersey and the Senator from Ver-
mont with regard to the pending question,
but I am tired of this putting amendments
on and taking them off, and then reconsider-
ing our action, because we make no progress
with the public busiuess. Hereafter I am
going to vote to keep all such amendments
off the appropriation bills, if I can, and I
shall not get up to explain or apologize every
time 1 so vote.
I have some idea that we can adjourn this
Congress at some time before the 4th of July,
and 1 am going to vote with the Committee
on Appropriations to make these bills appro-
priation bills ; and then when other questions
are presented on their merits, I shall vote
upon them. 1 have been voting for this prop-
osition all the while, but if we intend to ad-
journ at any early day, we should adhere
strictly to the course of making these bills
appropriation bills simply.
J think we should get along better if the
Committee on Appropriations themselves were
entirely unanimous on this point. Sometimes
we are misled by following members of the
committee. They have not seemed to be unan-
imous on this matter. If the Committee on
Appropriations had pressed the passage of the
appropriation bills without incumbering them
with other questions that should be consid-
ered on their own merits, I think we might
have passed this bill and all the other appro-
piiation bills before this. I repeat, I intend
to vote against all this legislation, and without
feeling under the necessity of apologizing for
or explaining my vote every time, because I
want to adjourn this Congress at some reason-
able time, and I want the appropriation bills
passed, aud I am willing to vote on any of
these other measures on their merits.
Mr. C0NKL1NG obtained the floor.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator from New York
will indulge me one moment, the eight-hour
law, to which the Senator from Kansas refers,
was put on by the other House, and came to
us in that form, and our proposition was to
eliminate from the bill any such provision.
Mr. POMEROY. Oh, no; the Senator
from Vermont moved yesterday to repeal the
law.
Mr. CONKLING. In the spirit of the
remarks made by my friend from Kansas, I
shall, for the present, at least, abstain from
going into the very inviting discussion held
out by the motion of the Senator from New
Jersey to reconsider, and I beg to explain to
the Senate the reason why at this moment I
wish to abstain from some remarks which, if
the consideration of the present bill is to pro-
ceed, I shall beg to submit.
Some time has been expended in perfecting
_ nd finally acting upon the amendment the
loss of which led to the motion of the Senator
from New Jersey. That amendment was per-
fected and was carried in a full Senate, the
Senate being in Committee of the Whole. It
came to be finally voted upon on the question
to concur in the Senate, when the body was
not full. Senators on both sides of the ques-
tion had gone. Those adverse to the amend-
ment were provident enough, as far as I know,
to pair. I may speak properly of one Sen-
ator, the honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Thurmax,] who, going, took care to provide
himself with a pair, which I agreed to myself
before he went. It was discovered that of
Senators in favor of the amendment a number
were absent also, aud several of them, less
thoughtful, had gone away without securing
a pair. In this way, an amendment which
had occupied considerable time, which had
received the best consideration of the Senate
in perfecting it, which had been carried by a
clear majority of a full Senate, was lost ; and
now, on Saturday, with a thin Senate, we are
proceeding to its consideration again on the
motion which the Senator from New Jersey
has made.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to say one word
to the Senator from California, [Mr. Cole.]
I have stood by him, as he knows, throughout
in pressing his appropriation bills. I mean to
do so. I hope he will persevere in pressing
them to a conclusion as rapidly as possible;
but he, like all the rest of us, must "accept
the situation," as is sometimes said, and he
must see that if this amendment is to be voted
upon now on the motion to reconsiderand the
amendment is lost, with the Senate thin as it
is now—and I will say in one moment how
thin it is—it will be repeated upon the next
appropriation bill, and then the briefest expe-
rience here teaches us that all this debate is
likely to ensue again, thus wasting time and
retarding the appropriation bills.
How can we avoid that? On this Saturday
several Senators earnestly in favor of this
amendment, anumberof whom were here and
voted for it yesterday, are absent. They have
gone without pairs ; and, to be entirely frank
about it, the probability is that the Senate, as
represented to-day. will reject this amendment.
Then it is to be tried again, and it is to tri-
umph, too. I venture to say that, because a
clear majority of the Senate is for it. It is to
be tried again on the next appropriation bill,
and one, two, three, four, five days, nobody
can predict how many, will be occupied in that
very fruitful discussion to which it is likely to
give rise.
I suggest, then, to the Senator from Kansas,
anxious as he is to hasten the day when we
may adjourn, eager to promote and facilitate
the business of the Senate, that it would be
better for the Senator from California to con-
sent now to allow this bill to be laid aside in-
formally. It is complete except as to this
proposition ; it will be the unfinished business
on Monday morning, and let us occupy this
day in considering some of the bills which do
not give rise to such a division. A number of
them are waiting. The Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] has called attention to one.
The Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey]
is very anxious to take up the postal code.
Ihcre are other bills to which I might refer,
one which I would prefer to all others, which
I have not named, all of which are awaiting
action. The Senator from California has lying
on the table other appropriation bills. He can
take up one of them and proceed with that.
1 he worst economy of time, the most certain
loss of time is to go on with the present bill,
whatever may be the fate of this amendment,
knowing as we do that on Monday or Tuesday,
when the Senate is full, it will be revived and
offered on the next appropriation bill, and the
time of the Senate wasted upon that debate
which for the present is concleded. *
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
before he takes his seat to remind him of Mk
