1048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
I say I received thousands and thousands
of signatures attached to such papers as these,
urging me to attack the Administration for
those proceedings on this floor. I did not
yield to that pressure, and I did not carry the
matter before the Senate of the United States,
deeming it imprudent at that time to provoke
a debate which would have involved our rela-
tions with the two great nations then at war
in Europe; which might have tended to induce
the Administration majority on this floor to
defend, justify, and make itself responsible for
the sales of arras, which could not be denied.
I think now, and I thought then, that i acted
well in avoiding such discussions here. I
thought it was far wiser and far more expe-
dient, and also suier of effect, to make every
effort quietly by application to the executive
branch of this Government to have these sales
of arms stopped and that source of unwhole-
some excitement removed. So I went to the
Secretary of War as soon as the matter came
fairly to my attention. I had a number of
interviews willi him, reading to hira the remon-
strances which I received, pointing out to him
the thousands and thousands of signatures at-
tached to them, representing to him how every-
body in the United States understood very
■well where those arms from our arsenals were
going—how everybody in the United States
learned week after week that cargo after cargo
of those arms were shipped to the theater of
war directly and indirectly, and entreated him
even by the consideration of political conse-
quences to have the mischiefdiscontinued. The
answer I received in several of iheseinterviews
was that the Government had a right to sell
arms to American citizens; that he did not
know that the arms went into the hands of
French agents, and did not see any reason to
stop the sales. Thus a considerable time 1
entreated in vain. I continued my instances,
and finally went to the Secretary of State to
urge the same matter upon his attention. He
promised to exert his influence in accordance
with my representations. As I understand,
although I cannot say so by authority, he has
always been opposed to the sale ol arms. At
last, the sale of arms was stopped, and I was
notified by both the Secretary of War and the
Secretary of State to that effect.
Now, sir, I do not state these circumstances
for the purpose of conjuring up again the feel-
ings which then prevailed, but for another
reason. I did not then understand the whole
case. I did not know that not only arms had
been sold to one of the belligerents through
intermediate panics, but that also ammunition
bad bei-n manufactured for sale. I did not
know then that those transactions went more
or less directly through the hands of a man who
had become known as an agent of the French
Government. I did not know then that large
sums of money were traveling on mysterious
roads. And yet, being ignorant of all this, 1,
must confess that a very grave suspicion arose
111 me even then. Why? 1 saw this Government
doing a thing which not only was calculated
to compromise its international standing, its
relations with foreign Powers, nay, i saw this
Administration doing a thing which was calcu-
lated to disturb the good feeling which existed
between it and what everybody will admit to
be a very useful, and estimable, and most
patriotic class of American citizens—doing all
this for no apparent reason but to sell arms,
which sooner or later might have been dis-
posed of to equal advantage without any of
the risks now attending the transaction. And
when thus I saw that the international stand-
ing of this country was jeopardized, and that
e\ en every consideration of political prudence
was set aside without any counterbalancing
public advantage, then 1 mu<t confess ih« sus-
p'ciou forced itself instinctively upon my mind
that, theie was a job at the bottom of this other-
wise senseless proceeding.
Understand me well. I am by no means
■willing to cast any aspersion of that kind upon
the Secretary of War. I have always esteemed
him an honest man, and 1 do'believe that in
these transactions he is rather a victim than a
guilty co-actor. But, gentlemen, do not close
your eyes to one fact—and here I will express
myseif frankly and boldly. There is an im-
pression prevailing in this country that some-
where in this Government there sits " a mili-
tary ring," which is exercising an unwhole-
some, a far reaching, a corrupt and dangerous
influence upon this Administration. That
impression is growing all over the land. This
suspicion may be well-founded or it may not.
And now, whether the inquiry here proposed
discover that there is such an influence, bring-
ing the guilty men to disgrace and punishment,
or whether it discover that there is not, in
either case, 1 humbly submit, the investigation
will have rendered a great service to the best
interests of the country, and to the honor of
the American name.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After nine minutes spent in exec
utive session, the doors were reopened, and
(at four o'clock and fifty-three minutes p. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 15, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, liev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
conr.ECTioN.
Mr. BANKS. I wish to make correction
of an error I committed yesterday. In the
debate upon the construction of a pub'ic build-
ing at Quiucy, Illinois, I leferred to llie action
of the Committee on Public Land-, atau eai lier
session of Congress. Speaking fioui lecollec-
tion only 1 referred to lion. Jlr. Washburne,
late a member of the House from Illinois, as
a member of that committee at that time. I
wish to correct that error. I have examined
the Journal of the House and find lhat he was
not a member ol that committee. I desire this
correction to be made in the Globe, from which
the original remark, at my request, has been
omitted.
navigation1 on the jiississipi'i.
Mr. DUNXELL, from the Committee on
the Public Lauds, made a report 111 writing to
accompany the bill (II. R. No. 1027) to perfect
na\igation on the Mississippi river; which
was ordered to be printed and recommitted.
GILISEN BAY AND jj.UiE MICHIGAN CANAL
Mr. SAWYER. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table, for
consideiation at this time, Senate bill No. 384,
extending the time for the completion of the
Green Bay and Sturgeon Bay and Lake Mich
igan ship-canal in the State ot Michigan. An
exactly similar bill has been introduced in this
House and referred to the Committee on the
Publie Lands, and a majority of that commit-
tee are in favor of its passage.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which the Chair will hear objections, if
any.
The bill was read. It extends the time for
the completion of the Green B,iy and Sturgeon
Bay and Lake Michigan ship-canal, in the
State of Michigan, to the 10th of Apri I, 1874.
Mr. EJOLMAN. I think this hill .should
come up in it3 regular order, I object to its
consideration at this time.
uxifed states coukt in texas
Mr. CONNER. I ask unanimous consent
to present at thus time, and have printed at
length in the Daily Globe, a petition from citi-
zens of Jefferson, Texas, asking that the place
for holding the United States courts for the
western district of Texas be changed from
Taylor, Smith county, lo the city of Jefferson,
Marion county, Texas.
Mr. MAYNAIiD. I object to printing the
petition in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. The petition can be pre-
sented at the Cierk's desk under the rule.
public buildings at qcincy, illinois.
Sir. GAUFIELD, of Ohio. I call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
demanded, the morning hour now begins, at
twelve o'clock and fifteen nunutes, and the
House resumes the consideration ot the bill
(II. 11. No 1043) coming overfiom the morn-
ing hour of yesterday. to provide for the erec-
tion of a public building at Quiney, Illinois.
The question is upon seconding ilie previous
question upon ordering the bill to beengrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. HOLM AN. J rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. If the previous question is not sus-
tained, will it be in order to move to reduce
the amount of this appropriation to $100,0Q0?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
be not sustained, the bill wiil be open to
amendment, of course.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes uoea 40 ; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Faiuvell were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 77, noes 47.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question being taken on ordering the
main question, there were—ayes 74, noes 40.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays
on ordeiing the main question.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the athrmative—yeas 104, nays 03, not voting
73 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Arthur, Averill,Banks. Bar-
ber, Barry, Ueveridge, Biggs, Bird, Boles. Buckley,
Buliinton, Burchnrd, Burdett, Benjamin F. Bailer,
Campbell, William T. Clarke. Coghlan, Coimngo,
Conger, Conner, Cotton, Creely, Donnan, l>uei I,
Iiukc, Bunnell, Karnes, Farwell, Fmkcdnburg,
Forker, Charles Foster. "Wilder D. Foster, (jet/:,
Golladay, Goodrich, llalsey, Ifandley, Harmer,
Harper, ilavens, JI aw ley, John W. U azoi ton. llei n-
don, linur, lloupyr, Houghion, Keilogg, ivL-U-ham,
lung, Kmsella, Lamport, Leach, Lowe. Mdi>ba!l,
M.onard, Molntyre, McJunkin, McXeoSv, Mt>r-
riam, Leomud M> era, ^se^iey, Orr, E-a.n. C l\ukt.r.
Pet k, Pendleton, Poire, A.iron F. t y, Lii Pen \\
Peters, Poland, Bdward V. llice, litchie, LIh.- 11.
Roberts, lingers, Ku-k, Sargent, .jawjei, >eeley,
Sc5-i(<iis, Shank-., Sheliabai ger, fclos>, John A.
fcaiith, Snapp, Trio max J. fcpeer, Spi'ague, Stariv-
we.ither, Stevenson, Stouten on, Strong, Swann,
Thomas, "Washington Townsend, Twichci!, Tyner,
Vaughan, Wallace, WelK Wh-eler, Joromuh M.
Wihon. John T. Wilson,Winchester, and Wood—10k
N AYS—Mc^rt. Beatty, Bell, An-tin Uiair, Gcn^e
M. Biouk>, Jauies Brooks C.\Idwell, Cox, Crueller,
.Crocker, Cropland, Darrall, D.ivi-, l),nves BuBo-so,
Fldredge, Ely, Henry D. Fo-ter, 1*iye, ti.oiield,
11.tide man, liainbleton, -John T. Harris, H.o 11 iu-
bard, llolmun, Ken, Ktlhnger, L iiiumid, Lcvvi-?,
Manson, McCornnck, McCra i y, McGi e\v. Mc li enry,
McKtnney, Alercur, Merrick, .Monroe, Xi black,
Packaid, Packer* llosea W.Parker. Porter, Potter,
Read, John M. Rice, William R. Roberts. Roose-
velt, Snerwood, Slater. Worlhmgton C. Smith, Sny-
der, Stevens, Storm, Sutherland, 'Lerry, bps«'n, Van
Tium[), Waklroii, White ley Whiuhornc, Will.ird,
and Young—(>3.
NOT VOTIXG—Messrs. Acker, Adam*, Ambler,
Archer, Larnum, Beck, Bigbv, Bingham, James
G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, Roderick R. Butler,
Carroll, Freeman Claike, Cobb, Coburn. Crebs,
Do Lnrge Dickey. Box, Elliott, Farnsworth, Garrett,
Griilkh, Jiale, Hancock, Banks, George M. Har-
ris, liny, Gerry "W. iluzeiton, Hereford, Hill, Kel-
ley. Kendall, Landing, Lynch, McClelland, Mc-
Kec, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Mooic, Morey,
Morgan, JUorphis, Palmer, l'iatt, Price, Pnndic,
R'liney, Kandall, Robinxm, Scoiiehl, Sheldon,
Sbober, Shoemaker, Siocum, H. Buardunn Smith,
li. Milton Speer, Stowell, M. John, S\pher, 1'iile,
Dwigh t Townee rid, Tui nor, Turin ! i. Vom Ik \\ ,id-
deli, Wakcmnii. Waidcn. Wit IK W.t < ren Williams
oi Indiana, and Williams ol JS'nv Yojk— 7J.
So the main question was ordered; which
was upon ordering the bill to be engrossed
and read a third time.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time.
