1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1049
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, is the bill
engrossed?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman de-
mand the reading of the engrossed bill?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do.
Mr. HAWLEY. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the main question was ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. On that question I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the demand
for the reading of the engrossed bill.
Mr. llAWLEY. I withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
_ The bill was read a third time; and the ques-
tion was on its passage.
Mr. COX. On the passage of the bill I
call for the yeas and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—'
ayes fourteen, noes not counted.
Mr. HARPER. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
_ On ordering the tellers there were—ayes
eighteen; not a sufficient number.
The bill was passed.
Mr. HAWLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE CLISltKS
Mr. WILLARD, from the select Committee
On the Reorganization of the Civil Service of
the United States, reported back, with amend-
ments, a bill (II. R No. 13-11) to regulate the
employment and compensation of clerks for
the committees of the House of Representa-
tives.
The bill, which was read, provides that here-
after the standing committees of the House of
Representatives shall be allowed clerks with
compensation as follows:
The Committee of Ways and Means and the
Committee on Appropriations may have each
a clerk, with an annual salary of $2.5!)2;
The Committee of Claims and the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands mav have each a clerk,
with an animal salary of $2,100;
The Committee on Elections, theCommittee
on the Judiciary, the Committee on Military
Affairs, the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and (he Committee on the Post Office and
1'ost Roads may have each a clerk, with com-
pensation at the rate of six dollars a day during
the f-essions of Congie.^s ;
'1 lie Committee on Banking and Currency <
may have a clerk, (who shall also act as clerk
for the Committee on Coinage, Weights, and
Measures,) with compensation at the rate of
six dollars a day duiing the sessions of Con-
gress ;
The Committee on Commerce, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on
Naval Affairs, the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, the Committee oil the Territories, the
Committee on Printing, the Committee on
Revision of the Laws ot the United States, the
Committee on Education and Labor, the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, and the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
may have each a clerk, with compensation at
the rate of fire dollars a day during the ses-
sions of Congress;
The Committee on Patents may have a clerk,
(who shall also act as clei k for the Commiitee
on Private Land Claims,) with compensation
at the rate of five dollars a day during the
sessions of Congress;
The Committee on the Pacific Railroad may
have a clerk, (who shall also act as cleik for
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812,) with compensation at the rate
of five dollars a day during the sessions of
Congress.
No person receiving compensation as clerk
of a committee of the.IIouse is to receive pay
during the time he is receiving compensation
as such clerk, as an officer or employ^ in any
other department or branch of the Government.
The second section provides that whenever
a standing committee, which is authorized to
employ a clerk during the sessions of Con-
gress, shall, by order of the House, sit during
the recess of Congress, the clerk in actual
attendance upon the sittings of such commit-
tee may be paid for such attendance at the
same rate per day as during the sessions of
Congress, upon an account examined and
allowed by the Committee on Accounts.
The third section provides that whenever
any standing committee of the House, not
authorized to employ a clerk, or any select
committeee of the House, shall, by resolution,
be charged with any special investigation or
business that in the judgment of the Commit-
tee on Accounts requires the employment of
a clerk, and the Committee on Accounts shall
recommend, and the House shall vote that
such committee may employ a clerk, such
clerk shall be paid out ot' the contingent fund
of the House not more than five dollars a day
while actually acting as elerk during the ses-
sions of Congress, or in actual attendance upon
any session of such committee during the
recess of Congress ; such payment to he made
only upon an account examined and allowed
by the Committee on Accounts.
The fourth section provides that, no clerk of
any committee of the House shall be allowed
or paid any salary or compensation except as
provided in this act; and all acts and parts of
acts inconsistent with the provisions of this
act are repealel.
Mr. WILLARD. I desire to move an amend-
ment, to add at the end of line twelve the fol-
lowing :
The Speaker of the House of Representatives may
have aclerk with an annual salary of $1,800, and the
employment and payment on the rolls of the Dour-
keeper of the House fur a person actmgas said clerk,
or of an.y person in his place, shall be herealter
discontinued.
The committee also proposes an amendment
by striking out "Committee on Territories''
and •'Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds," and inserting what I have sent to
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The bill at the Clerk's
desk does not seem to be the one to which the
gentleman refers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In order to under-
stand the action of the committee, I hope the
gentleman will make an explanation of pre-
cisely what is proposed by the committee.
Mr. WILLARD. Before these amendments
are acted upon, I will make a statement to the
House covering the ground of the committee's
report.
Mr. Speaker, early in this session a resolu-
tion was offered by the gentleman from Ohio.
[Mr. Garfield,] chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, instructing the selcct
Committee on Reorganization of the Civil Ser-
vice to prepare and report a bill to the House
regulating the employment and compensation
of the clerks of the committees of the House.
That resolution was adopted, and this hill is
reported in pursuance of the instructions con- j
tained in that resolution. lean say in general !
I believe that no committee which in the last j
Congress had the service of a clerk alone or
in conjunction with some other committee is
left out of this I ill. In other woids, this bill
provides for the employment and payment of
clerks for all committees of the House which
have been accustomed to employ and pay
clerks heretofore.
The committee in considering this bill, or
rather in considering the resolution of instruc-
tions referred to them, came to the conclusion,
and I think it was a proper conclusion, that
the object of the resolution was more to reg-
ulate the compensation of clerks than it was
to cut down the number of cleiks who were
to be employed.
There has been, Mr. Speaker, what seemed
to the committee a vicious practice heretofore,
not only in the last Congress, but in preced-
ing Congresses, to get a resolution introduced
toward the close of the session providing for
the payment during the recess of Congress at
the same per diem which was paid to the clerks
during the session of Congress; and this has
been done in reference to some committees
which had no work fo'r clerks to perform dur-
ing the recess of Congress. In the last Con-
gress, for instance, clerks of the Committee
on Accounts, the Committee of Elections, the
Committee on the Judiciary, and the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, were each paid during
the recess of Congress, and the amount of com-
pensation received by each clerk of those
committees was nearly forty-three hundred
dollars, while the amount received by the
clerks who were employed only during the
session of Congress, who were paid the same
per diem, was only a trifle over seventeen hun-
dred dollars each.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether, if we pass this bill, it will not put it
out of our power hereafter to make any change
in reference to the cleiks of the House which
may become necessary, or rather whether we
are not putting this matter out of the discre-
tion of the House, where it properly belongs?
Mr. WILLARD. This will only be as bind-
ing and as imperative as any other legislation
ot Congress. The Senate will never hesitate
to pass any law in relation to the clerks of the
House which the House would send to the
Senate asking that body for its concurrence.
But I will come to all these matters in the
course of the explanation which I propose to
make of the bill.
One other observation, Mr. Speaker, I desire
to make here. The clerks of four committees
of the House have bfen paid heretofore by
law. The clerks of the Committee of Ways
and Means and the Committee on Appropria-
tions have each beet: paid by law an annual
salary of $2,592. The reason why it comes
to be that precise amount is because it was
fixed in conformity with the law passed some
years since increasing the pay of employ6s
twenty per cent., and twenty per cent, is added
to what was heretofore given to these clerks,
making the amount $2,502 each. The clerk
of the Committee of Claims and the clerk of
the Committee on the Public Lands were each
paid an annual salary ot $2,l(i0, their pay
before that being $1,800, and twenty percent,
being added increases it to the amount I have
stated. So far as the clerks of those four
committees are concerned, this committee did
not consider they had jurisdiction to change
the iaw m that regard; inasmuch as the icso-
lution referied to only instructed the commit-
tee in refeieuce to the emp!o\ment aud com-
■ pensation of clerks whose salaries were not
j regulated by law. The committee deemed it
advisable, however, inasmuch as this is a prop-
osition to regulate the pay of clerUs of the
House, to include them in this bill, leaving
them, however, as they stand m the law, mak-
ing no recommendation, hut leaving to any
member of the House to submit a motion in
reference to t he pay of those four cleiks. The
committee, as 1 have stated, make no recom-
mendation in reference to those four clerks,
| but leave it to the House to act upon the mat-
ter independently, as may be deemed best.
There was some difference of opinion, I may
say, in the committee tit respectto the amount
of compensation that should be paid to the
clerks, and there was at least considerable
foiee m the suggestions that were made by
members of the committee, that possibly it
might be wiser to make this compensation
latger in some insiances for some clerks than
it is either in this bill or than it was previously,
and still have no clerks paid except duiitijj
the sess ons of Congress or the sessions ot
the committee, making the pay large enough,
however, per diem for his Itbor to make an
adequate compensation for yielding his time to
the committee. But the committee were of
the opinion that the six dollars a day which
has been the maximum sum paid per diem
