1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
IM5
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that the
Senator from Michigan is willing to let the
bill lie over.
Mr. KELLOGG. Let it be passed over
informally.
Mr. BLAIR. Very well.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that the bill lie
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objec-
tion be interposed the bill will be laid aside
informally. The Chair hears no objection, and
that course will be pursued.
great rigolist bridge.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 251.
The bill (S. No. 251) to amend an act enti-
tled ''An act to establish and declare the rail-
road and bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile,
and Chattanooga Railroad Company, as here-
after constructed, a post road, and for other
purposes," approved March 2, 1868, was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to amend the act to establish and
declare, the railroad and bridges of the New
Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad
Company, as hereafter constructed, a post
road, and for other purposes,approved March
2. 1868, so as to require the New Orleans,
Mobile, and Chattanooga Railroad Company
to construct and maintain adraw-bridge, which
when open shall give a clear space for the
passage of vessels of not less than one hun-
dred and fifty feet in the channel of the Great
Rigolet; the draw-bridge to be located in mid-
channel, with draw and piers in the direction
of the currents; and the company is at all
times to open the draw-bridge, and provide all
necessary and convenient facilities for the safe
and speedy passage of all vessels requiring
the same.
Mr. WEST. I hope the Senator from Mich-
igan will allow that bill to be passed over in-
formally. There are certain considerations
which we desire to present in connection
with it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be laid aside informally if there be no
objection.
ST. CLAIR PLATS CANAL.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move now to take up
Senate bill No. 3-15.
The bill (S. No. 345) for deepening St. Clair
Flats canal to sixteen feet, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
appropriate $70,000, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of War, for
deepening the St. Clair Flats canal, so as to
give a depth of not less than sixteen feet atall
stages of water in the season of navigation.
The Committee on Commerce proposed to
amend the bill by adding—
That a balance, amounting to $13,969 99, left of
former allotment irorn the general appropriation
for repair, preservation, extension, and completion
of river and harbor works, may, it found necessary,
be expended in the repair, preservation, anil com-
pletion ot said canal.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed ; and the amendment was concurred m.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
pittsburg a port of entry.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 1049.
The bill (H. R. No. 1049) to establish a port
of entry and delivery at the city of Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides that a port of entry
and delivery be established at the city of Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania, which shall be entitled to
the same provisions and subject to the same
regulations and restrictions as other ports of
entry and delivery m the United States. _
The bill was imported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
goods imported through new orleans.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now ask the Senate
to proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 169.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 169) to
amend an act passed March 2, 1831, entitled
"An act allawing the duties on foreign mer-
chandise imported into Wheeling, Vicksburg,
Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis, Nashville,
and Natchez, to be secured and paid at those
places." It proposes to amend the second
and third sections of the act of March 2,1831,
so as to read:
Sec. 2. That any importer residing at any port of
entry or delivery, importing foreign merchandise
by way of New Orleans, or the agent of such im-
porter, is hereby authorized to enter any merchan-
dise imported, as aforesaid, by the way of New Or-
leans, at tha t port, in the manner now prescribed by
law, and the collector shall grant apermit for the
landing thereof, and cause the duties to he ascer-
tained as in other cases, the said goods remaining in
the custody of the collector until reshipped tor the
place of destination ; and the collector shall certify
to the surveyor at such place the amount of such
duties, which the said surveyor shall enter on the
margin of the bond, as aforesaid, given to secure the
same, which goods .-.hall be delivered by theeoilect.or
to the agent of the importer or consignee, duly au-
thorized to receive the same, for shipment to the
pla.ee of importation ; and the master, commander,
owner, or agent of every steamboat or other vessel
in which such merchandise shall be t-ansported shall
previously to her departure from New Orleans, or
within eighteen hours thereafter, deliver, or cause
to be delivered to the collector, duplicate manilests
of such merchandise, specifying the marks ] and
numbers of every case, bag, box, chest, or package
containing the same, with the name and place of
residence of every importer or consignee of such
merchandise, and the quantities shipped to each, to
be by such master, commander, owner, or agent sub-
scribed, and to the truth of which such master, com-
mander, owner, or agent shall swear or affirm, and
that the said goods have been received on board his
vessel, stating the name of the agent who shipped
the same; and the said collector shall certify the
facts as aforesaid on the manifests, one of which he
shall return to such master, commander, owner,
consignee, or agent.
Sec. 3. That if any master, commander, owner,
agent, or consignee of any steamboat, or other ves-
sel, having on board merchandise, as aforesaid, shall
fail or neglect to comply with the provisions of tho
second section of this act, as amended, the master
or commander of any such boat or vessel, arriviDg
at any of the ports above named on board of which
is merchandise, shall forfeit $500; and the master of
such boat or vessel, arriving at either of the ports
above namod. on board of which merchandise, as
aforesaid, shall ha.ve been shipped at Ncw Orleans,
shall, within eighteen hours next after the arrival,
and previously to unloading any part of such mer-
chandise, deliver to the surveyor of such port the
manifests of the same, certified, as aforesaid, by the
collector of New Orleans; and shall make oath or
affirmation before the said surveyor that there was
not, when he departed trom New Orleans, any more
or other goods on board such boat or vessel, im-
ported as aforesaid, than is therein mentioned;
whereupon the surveyor shall cause Ihe said casks,
bags, boxes, chests or packages to be inspected and
compared with her manifests, and the same being
identified, he shall grant a permit for unloading the
same, or such part thereof as the master shall re-
quest; and when a part of any such merchandise is
intended to be landed, the ?urvoyor shall make an
indorsement on the back of the maniiests, designat-
ing such part, specifying tho articles to belauded,
and shall return the manifests to the master, indors-
ing thereon his permission to such boat or vessel to
proceed to the place of its destination; and n the
master of such steamboat or vessel shall neglect or
refuse to deliver the manifests within the time
herein directed, he shall forfeit $100.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
promotion of works op improvement.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Senate
bill'No. 612.
The Senate, as in Committee of the VVhole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 612) to
iacilitate the execution of and to protect cer-
tain public works of improvement. It pro-
poses to authorize the Secretary of War to
assume full control over the navigation of
channels in course of excavation across bars
at the mouths of rivers or entrance to harbors,
whenever and wherever in his opinion such
action becomes necessary to facilitate and pro-
tect the work of the Government, and that
such regulations regarding the passage of ves-
sels through such channels as he may establish
shall liave binding effect on all pilots, ship-
masters, tug boat captains, and other persons
seeking the use of such channels. For all
violations of such regulations the Secretary of
War may assess a tine of not less than fifty
dollars nor more than $500, the same to be
recoverable in the United States circuit court
for the district in which the channel may be
located, and may further deny the person or
persons offending the privilege of conducting
their business through such channel for such
period, not to exceed one year, as may in his
opinion appear equitable and conducive to the
interests of the Government and of commerce.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
bridge over the great 1ug0let.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
take up for consideration Senate bill No. 251.
The Senate, as in Committee of the 'Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
251) to amend an act entiiled "An act to
establish and declare the railroad and bridges
of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chattanooga
Railroad Company, as hereafter constructed,
a post road, and lor other purposes," approved
March 2. 1868.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands this bill lias been up before
to-day and read at length.
Mr. BLAIR. Let it be read again.
The bill was read.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
bris delphine.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now report back Sen-
ate bill No. 837 from the Committee on Com-
merce, with an amendment, and ask to have
it considered at this time.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 837)
to authorize the issue of an American register
to the brig Delphine was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides for
issuing, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, a register for the brig Del-
phine, formerly a French vessel, but now
owned by Messrs. B. S. Rhett & Son, of
Charleston, South Carolina, which vessel,
having been brought into the harbor of
Charleston in a damaged condition, was
ordered by the French consul at that port to
be sold at public auction, and was purchased
by B. S. Rhett & Son, who have caused the
vessel to be repaired; but it shall be proved
to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the
Treasury that the cost of the repairs made in
the United States, after the purchase of the
vessel by the present owners, equals three
fourths of the entire cost of the vessel to B.
S. Rhett & Son, inclusive of amount paid
for the vessel at auction sale and the repairs
placed thereon.
The amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce was to strike out lines fourteen, fifteen,
and sixteen in the words "three fourths of the
entire cost of said vessel to said B. S. Rhett &
Son, inclusive of amount paid for the vessel at
auction sale, and the repairs placed thereon,"
and in lieu thereof to insert " three times the
amount paid by said B. S. Rhett & Son at said
auction."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported totheSenateasa,mend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
asiatic commercial company.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move now to take np
Senate bill No. 76.
The bill (S. No. 76) to facilitate commerce
