1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3737
be thrown up to their children and children's
children for generations to come, the very
thing of all others we ought to avoid.
Mr. BLAIR,. I want to make a remark.
There is no sort of necessity for this, because
no man can hold office without taking the oath
anyhow.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This is one of
the sections of the bills that passed the House
that received the approval of two thirds of the
House, and it seems to me a very proper amend-
ment to be made to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I offer as an
amendment to the bill these words, to be in-
serted after the word "officers" in the eighth
line ; "who were at the time of the rebellion."
It reads now—
That all political disabilities imposed by the third
section of the fourteenth amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States are hereby removed from
all persons whomsoever, except Senators and Rep-
resentatives in the Thirty-Sixth and Thirty-Seventh
Congresses, officers in the judicial, military, and
naval service of the United States.
My amendment makes it read, " officers who
were at the time of the rebellion in the judi-
cial, military, or naval service of the Uuited
States," and then after the word "States" I
propose to insert " who," and in the tenth
line to substitute the word " or" for "and."
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, if he will allow me,
the provision being that the disabilities im-
posed by the fourteenth amendment shall be
removed, and those disabilities only acting
upon such persons as are there described as
were such persons when the rebellion broke
out, are his words of definition at last neces-
sary to the meaning, the exception being from
the operation of the fourteenth amendment,
and that amendment operating upon none
•sueli officers except those who were so when
the rebellion broke out? Is it not, although
perhaps not in the form the Senator would
have employed, unmistakably plain in its sig-
nificance?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. My answer to
the suggestion of the Senator from New York
is this: that the exception is notto the opera-
tion of the fourteenth amendment; the excep-
tion is to the operation of this act.
Mr. CONKLING. No; if my friend will
pardon me, that misled me a little at first.
This, as I understand, is the provision: all
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment are removed from all persons whomso-
ever except the following persons, thereby
meaning "but said disabilities are not re-
moved;" that is, the operation of the four-
teenth amendment does not cease as to the
following persons. Now, inasmuch as such
persons were operated upon only provided
they were such persons when the rebellion
broke out, I submit to the Senator it is like
an exception from a grant.
Mr. THURMAN. That is perfectly clear,
the Senator from New Jersey will see on a
moment's reflection. The disabilities are re-
moved from all persons except certain per-
sons ; they must be persons under disability ;
otherwise they are not under the fourteenth
amendment. They are persons under dis-
ability and excepted from this amnesty. They
cannot be under disability unless they were
persons who were such at the time of the
rebellion.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The question is
whether those military officers who were offi-
cers of the rebel army are by that provision
excepted from this exemption. It does not
say that, unless these words mean that; it says
"those in the judicial, military, and naval ser-
vice of the United States." It speaks in the
present time.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator's idea is,
if I understand him, this, and I should like to
understand him: suppose there should be, as
in theory there is, somebody who is now in the
judicial service of the United States, and upon
whom this amendment did operate, tlie Sen-
ator's idea is that the exception is confined to
him, whether there is such a person in fact or
not; and that thus the operation would be con-
fined to him. I think there is some force
given that idea. That is a different view of
the subject.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That isthe way
it strikes me. That, class of persons whom we
want to except from this exemption are not
described in this exception.
Mr. BLAIR. Who is it you want to except?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Wewanttoex-
cept those who were at the time of the rebel-
lion in the judicial, military, or naval service
of the United States.
Mr. CARPENTER. That should be " at
the commencement of the rebellion" if it is
to be changed at all.
Mr. THURMAN. I submit that it is not
necessary to change it at all. That is to be
taken in connection with the disqualifying
clause in the fourteenth amendment, which
only applies to the persons named. This
bill is absolutely just as certain as if it said
"political disabilities shall be removed from
everybody except Jefferson Davis and Alex-
ander II. Stevens."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. We had better
make it plain.
Mr. THURMAN. There is no necessity to
send the bill back to the House for any such
purpose. It is an exceedingly well-drawn bill.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I simply call
for the yeas and nays on it. If the Senate
think it sufficiently plain they may so vote. I
think that there is grave doubt whether that
class of persons who are intended to be ex-
cepted from this removal of disabilities are
described in the exception. These words will
describe them, and I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I submit that this bill
is full and complete. It not only excepts
those who were officers of the Army and Navy
at the very time the rebellion broke out, but
those who were officers of the Army and Navy
at any time previous to the rebellion. I sub-
mit that, this bill is full and complete.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to say one word
to relieve myself from whatever may have been
the impression made by the question I asked
my honorable friend from New Jersey. I am
satisfied, after hearing him, upon reflection
that there is more of this question than was
answered by the suggestion I made to him.
Now, let me state it if I can in a single word.
In theory of law, however it maybe in point
of fact, there are men disqualified by the
fourteenth amendment who now occupy the
places there discribed. Therefore, the excep-
tion is satisfied by its operation upon those
men. Let me illustrate a little further: here
is a man who was in the service of the United
States, and had taken an oath; he added per-
jury to treason, and the fourteenth amendment
disqualifies him ; that man is now in a judi-
cial place.
Mr. THURMAN. How can he be in it?
Mr. LOGAN. Has lie been relieved?
Mr. CONKLING. If Senators will allow
me, I am coming to that point. The Senator
from Illinois puts a very proper question,
Has he been relieved?" Yes, I say to the
Senators, hundreds and thousands have been
relieved.
Mr. LOGAN. Then it does not apply to
him.
Mr. CONKLING. Let ns see whether it
does not:
All thedisabilities imposed by the third section of
the fourteenth amendment—
Not if they have not, been relieved hereto-
fore, but all disabilities imposed—
are removed from all persons whomsoever except
Senators andRepresentativesofthe Thirty-Sixth and
Thirty-Seventh Congresses, officers in the judicial,
military, and naval service of the United States.
Now stop there. Here is a man who was
disqualified by the fourteenth amendment.
That man has been relieved, although that is
immaterial; at any rate in point of fact, or in
theory of law, he is now or may be iii one of
the Departments here. He is excepted. Does
not that satisfy us? That is the question. Sup-
pose, if the fact is important to aid the theory
of law, there is only one man. Suppose now
some man has been restored to the naval ser-
vice who was disqualified, this exception takes
effect upon him.
Mr. LOGAN. Could he have been restored
without being relieved of his disabilities?
Mr. CONKLING. Probably not.
Mr. LOGAN. Then it does not apply to
him ; it only applies to those who are under
disabilities by the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution.
Mr. CONKLING. But there is one of the
troubles; it does not say so ; if it said that all
disabilities now resting upon these persons are
removed, so be it. But what does it say?
"All disabilities imposed by the third section of
the fourteenth article of amendments to.the Consti-
tution are hereby removed, except," See.
I do not mean to argue this, but I am bound
to say as to the question I put to the Senator
from New Jersey, that I think'that question
did not meet the whole point, and I think this
bill in place of being very carefully drawn, as
I heard some Senator say, was drawn by some-
body holding the pen to whom this idea did
not occur one way or-the other.  If it did I
do not think this choice of phraseology would
have been made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—-yeas 18, nays 27; is follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Caldwell, Chand-
ler, Clayton, Conkling, Corbett, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, I'relinghuysen, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Spenoer, Sumner, and
Wright.—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Cameron, Carpen-
ter. Casserly, Cole, Cooper. Davis of West Virginia,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, John-
ston, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Norwood, Pool,
Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott,
Sprague, Stevenson, Thurmaa, Tipton, and Vick-
ers—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn. Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cragm, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds,
t'en ton, Ferry ot Connecticut, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Kellogg,
Lewis, Morton, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Sehure. Sher-
man. Stewart, Stockton, Trumbull, West, Wilson,
and W jndom—29.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair an
amendment known as the supplementary civil
rights bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a question
of order. That has already been offered by
the Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. SPENCER. That was in Committee
of the Whole, not in the Senate.
Mr. STEVENSON. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have withdrawn it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator desire the reading of the amendment?
Mr. SUMNER. Not unless the Senate de-
sire it.
Several Sbxators. It has been read.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I under-
stand that in my absence and without any
notice to me from any quarter the Senate have
adopted an emasculated civil rights bill, with
two essential safeguards wanting, one con-
cerning the common schools and the other
concerning the jury. The original bill con-
tains both, and I now ask the Senate most
solemnly to consider whether, while decreeing
