154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
poses in the city of St. Louis. I was in that
great oily this fall for a week engaged in the
trial of an important case in the United States
circuit court, and there is not a court-room in
the most interior county represented on this
floor which is not superior to the room in
which that distinguished court was held.
Let us act with decent liberality upon these
subjects. Let us have our Government build-
ings accommodate the wants of the business
of the country. I have not only no hesita-
tion in easting this vote, but I give it with
pleasure. It may be a liberal appropriation
for the purpose. If it is. the occasion calls
for it. In my opinion, the people of the entire
country, certainly the people of the Northwest,
who were the more immediate witnesses of
Chicago's great calamity, will stand by their
Representatives in the votes they cast for this
measure.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield now
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Baxks.]
Mr. BANKS. The conflagration of Chicago,
Mr. Speaker, presents a new order of calami-
ties. It is something that the world has not
seen before; for though there have been great
conflagrations, there has not been in our time
a city in a moment swept out of existence as
Chicago was. The same thing may happen
to New York, Philadelphia, St. Louis, or to
any other city in this country or in Europe.
Now, in presence of such a calamity as this,
unparalleled in the past and without precedent
in any part of the world, although I know that
large conflagrations have taken place before,
it is the duty, the absolute and positive duty
of the Government, to be the first to step
in to assist in repairing that disaster, not in
the way of charity, not in the way of sym-
pathy, but in the way of reestablishing its own
power. The Government itself was one of
the sufferers; and, as it has the means, it
ought to be the first to aid in repairing its loss,
and thus give the people of Chicago effectual
assistance in recovering from their own losses
end reestablishing their prosperity.
The building which it is proposed to restore
is the people's building. It is the building of
the people, for their use, and they wish to have
the very be3t buildings for their use that can
be constructed in Chicago and everywhere el*e.
It is impossible for the gentlemen on the other
side of the House, or for gentlemen on this
side, to defeat liberal appropriations for the
construction of the buildings erected by the
people for the use of :h« people. They want
the very best buildings that can be constructed,
and they will have them better and better in
proportion as we improve in taste and capacity
toeonstrne' useful and elegant buildings. This
is something in which they have just pride.
Every American who visits a foreign country
is glad to see that the public buildings of his
own country surpass in elegance anil utility,
and in all other respects, those he sees in
foreign countries.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I say it is not only a
duty for the Government to make an imme-
diate liberal expenditure in Chicago, but it
would be a crime not to do it. It has tbe
means for it, and there is 110 reason why it
should not, do it. In this matter it should fol-
low the example of the people in all the States
of the Union, who put just as much money
in the construction of their public buildings—
the buildings oi the people, which are for the
use of the people—as good taste mid utility
require. _ They are, in truth, the monuments
of our time. We should guard against cor-
ruption and fraud, of course, in this asm other
things.
I do not think that the appropriation asked
for by the Committee on Appropriations is at
all extravagant, considering the purpose for
which it is designed. And, inasmuch as it
is to begin the reconstruction of the city of
Chicago, one of the cities m which the people
of this country have the most pride, it ought
to bo instantly and unanimously agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire only to
refer to a point which has been made by some
gentlemen in the course of this debate. If the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
shall secure the assent of the House to his pro
posed amendment, he will produce two results.
First, he will compel the Government to go a
roaming through Chicago and its suburbs to
buy a square of ground on which to erect this
building; of course, if they go out on the open
prairie, they can find a lot as cheap as it will
be worthless.
In a maritime city like Chicago the area
within which so important a structure as this
ought to be located for tbe convenience of the
Government and the public is not a large one.
In this case, I believe, it is agreed on all hands
that the Government building lately destroyed
was in the best location that could be chosen.
There are other reasons why that very square
should be chosen for the proposed building.
The United States already own a part of it;
and it is due to the people whose property was
burned near it that this building should be
built where it was before, and thus restore the
local value which its presence gave to their
property. But if that square alone is named
m the bill, a few owners might demand an
unreasonable price, and thus embarrass the
Government. It has therefore been thought
best to add a range of choice of two squares
on a side from the old site, which will give a
competition of sixteen squares of the burnt
district for the site of this building.
Mr. FARNSWORfH. Twenty-four.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Sixteen cer-
tainly; and if opposite corners are couuted,
twenty-four. That competition will be suffi-
cient to enable the United States to get the
property at a reasonable rate. If the gentle-
man's view prevails, we go hunting all over
Chicago to find the cheapest and, of course,
the poorest place. I hope it will not prevail.
He also proposes to cut down the $4,000,000
jjroposad by the committee to $2,000,000. If
that amendment prevails, this will be the result:
when the Government shall have purchased a
site that is fit for the building, the balance of
of the appiopriation will not erect a building
worthy of the Government or worthy of Chicago.
With ali respect to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, he wili allow me to say that his
view appears to me far too provincial and
narrow for the great occasion which requires
action at our hands. It. remiads me of a stat-
ute passed about the middle of the seventeenth
century, in the province of Massachusetts Bay,
for the establishment of a "hie waie" from
the town of Salem westward twelve miles to a.
little conical hill with three oaks on the top of
it. The statute closed with this remarkable
provision: "which is probably as far to the
west as a road will ever be needed."
[Laughter.] Now, I take it, wc would hardly
be willing to legislate in that spirit. If we
were legislating for a snug little city which
had attained its growth. $2,000,00o would be
abundant; but I remind the gentleman from
Pennsylvania that we are legislating for the
wants and convenience of the United Stales
m a city whose history finds no parallel on
this planet.
F know a man who is yet in a green old age,
who told me not long ago that his own son,
after graduating from college, went, to what is
now the site of Chicago, and with his own
hands helped to raise the third framed house
that was erected in that city. The father of a
man who helped to build the third house in Chi-
cago is still alive, and that city is growing with
a growth never before known on this earth. If
we erect there a building only just adequate to
the present wants of Chicago, in a few years
this giant will have outgrown its garments. Let
us, therefore, calculate largely and adequately
for the growth of the giant, and we shall have
done a work for all time. I now a.-k that all
debate be closed on this amendment.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman will allow
me to say a word.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will yield to
the gentleman whatever time I have left.
Mr. COX. It was said by the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Basks] that this
calamity in Chicago had scarcely ever been
equaled upon our star. it was in fact one
of tbe three great conflagrations of history.
In the great burning of Rome, where only four
out of the fourteen quarters of the city were
saved, where there was great destitution, so
great that even Nero became humane and the
Government gave aid and all Italy gave con-
tributions, we find the first precedent for our
action here, even from pagan days. In the great
conflagration of 10(50 in London, where there
were fourteen thousand houses consumed and
four hundred streets burned up. the charity
which lifted London again more superb than
ever wasnotsimplv the charity of the people; it
was the charity of the Government to aid them,
and London grew again. So with respect to
Chicago. In the line of our duty here on a
question where there is no constitutionality
involved; on aquestion where economy should
not be considered, I am proud to give my vote
for this appropriation. I am more especially
glad to do it, because there are seventy thou-
sand people made houseless and destitute by
this fire, and our appropriation will enable
those men to have employment during the
next year, and in that way, perfectly legiti-
mate, we will be doing great good, and at the
same time subserving the credit and dignity
of the Government. I thank the gentleman
from Ohio for his courtesy.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now ask that
debate be closed on the amendment.
There being no objection, all debate was
then closed upon the pending amendment.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. HoLMAX.to the amendment reported from
the Committee on Appropriations, to reduce
the aggregate sum to S3.000.000 ; and being
taken, it was not agreed to, upon a division—■
ayes 39, noes 142.
The question then recurred uponthe amend-
ment reported from the Committee on Appro-
priations, to reduce the total amount fiom
S3)000,000 to $4,000,000: and being taken, it
was agreed to.
The next question was upon the amend-
ment reported from the Committee on Appro-
priations, to insert after the word '■'Illinois''
the words ''shall cede its jurisdiction over
said site, and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was upon the amendment
moved by Mr. Randall, to strike out the words
not more than two squares dit-taut from the
square.
The amendment was not agreed tu.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to further amend
the bill by adding tj the last section the fol-
lowing :
t Prvclded, Xhat the cu.-t of tlio additional land for
the i-ite of such building f--haU not excced ?oO'V>jO.
Tbe amendment was aot agreed to, upon a
division—ayes thirty nine, noes not counted.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third iinv; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read llie third
time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, movidto iccon-
sider the vote by whn.li the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid ou the table.
The lalter motion win agreed to.
IS O U N D A K Y C O M .MI Sfi 10 N.
Mr. MORGAN", by u numinous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Foreign Affairs
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 57) recommend-
ing the appointment of a commission to survey
and mark on the ground the boundary between
