2842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
with iiis usual force, for more than one rea-
son. One reason in particular I wish to state.
It is perfectly well known to that Senator
as it is to every Senator in this body whaf is
the usual character of a Saturday session ; at
least it is well known to him and to all of us
what it has been thus far. The attendance is
not full, not even as full as usual upon other
days of the week. The result is that so far as
ascertaining the deliberately settled purpose
of the Senate upon any important measure
is concerned, a Saturday session is the most
unfit session in all the week.
I say that is a matter of common knowledge
and observation in this body; yet the Senator
from New York will remember that to him.
more than to any other Senator is it due that
we are in session to-day. He interposed his
energctic and formidable opposition to any
adjournment over to-day. By the coarse which
he took the Senate is in session to-day; and
now the Senator objects to the natural and
indeed perfectly obvious result of his own
course. He has brought the Senate here to-
day. He is responsible more than any other
Senator, I think, for this day's session.
Having brought the Senate here to-day, the
Senate being in session, the Senator says,
doubtless with truth—I do not wish to contest
with him on that point—that many Senators
who are in favor of what is known as the Mor-
rill amendment are absent to day, and are
absent without a pair. I submit to the Senator
whether, after all, it lies with him of all the
Senators in this body to take that course with
regard to a session of which he must have
known beforehand that that would be precisely
the result. Certainly he had every reason to
believe that the session of to-day would not
repiesent, if not on the one side, then on the
other, the deliberate judgment and purpose
of the Senate in regard to this much fought
amendment.
, I say this now, not for the purpose of mak-
mg any point against the Senator, but for the
purpose of calling the attention of the Senate,
including the Senator from New York, to the
evils of the sessionsof the Senate when itis un-
derstood, almost as a matter of course before-
hand, that there will not be a sufficient number
of the Senate present to obtain by a vote the
judgment and settled purpose of the Senate
upon an important question. There is no doubt
about the importance of this question. I am
willing to admit its importance is quite marked.
1 think it has been overrated, at least by
those who support the Morrill amendment so
called, but it is ot sufficient importance to
give point and consequence to the view which
7, v5 ^'sen 10 put before the Senate, and to
the obvious danger, when such a measure is
impending over the Senate, to insist upon a
session on Saturday when every Senator knows
as well as I do, and I know as well as I think
anything can be known that is to happen in
the future, the probabilities were of precisely
such a situation as the Senator from New
York has risen to complain.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator let me
make an acknowledgment to him? I wish to
thank mm for giving me the credit for havina
prevented an adjournment over to-day, as that
accords me a usefulness here which has not
tinnVtf-l r ^i"16 lately' And in c°Mec-
nfipn atVt!' W/i? t0 Say t0 the Senator that as
often as I have the power to prevent an adjourn-
nmnt_over Saturday I shall certainly exert
it during the residue of the session; and fur-
ther, whenever ray vote or my voice can induce
the Senate to meet at eleven o'clock each day
m place of meeting at twelve, my vote will be
a!at)LaaWay! r -If11 a PurP0Se; and as often
as the senator will commend me, even if hp
annexes to it a lecture, I shall thank him, as
I do at this time. '
Mr. CASSERLY. I know the Senator from
f?.j °f d°es uot mean to misrepresent me
1 did not mean to lecture him, and I do not
' mk any other Senator understood me as
attempting that. I certainly should abstain
from any such task.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not take the slight-
est offense. 1 thought the Senator did lec-
ture me a little, but on the whole, as I have
already remarked, I feel obliged to him for
what he has said.
Mr. CASSERLY. Perhaps, as a friend in
front of me suggests, on the whole the Sena-
tor rather liked it. If lie did, then I am glad
to be the means, however unconsciously, of
giving the Senator so much pleasure.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly; I have said
that 1 liked it. The Senator need not be in
doubt about that. I do like it.
Mr. COLE. Now, while the Senate is in
good temper, I hope they will agree to lay
this bill aside informally and decide to take
the vote upon it on Monday at two o'clock,
or some other hour, and proceed now with
the naval appropriation bill. ["Agreed!"
"Agreed !"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
have heard the suggestion of the Senator from
California. This can be done by unanimous
Consent.
Mr. HILL. It occurs to me that legislation
like the Drake amendment is rather too im-
portant. as that was, to be placed away in a
remote.place in an appropriation bill. 1 think
the subject is large enough for special and
distinct legislation in a separate bill and for
that bill to be referred to the able Judiciary
Committee of this body, to be gravely con-
sidered by that committee and reported upon to
the Senate. - In order that that may be done,
and that the friends of this amendment may
have every opportunity to perfect it and to give
it potency and strength, if that shall be the
result, by a recommendation of a majority of
the Committee upon the Judiciary, I move that
this motion to reconsider be laid on the table;
or rather I shall conclude what I have to sav
Willi that motion. We already have an as-
surance Irom the Senator from New York that
he will hereafter upon other appropriation
bills move this or some similiar amendment.
J hat of course he has a right to do. It occa-
sions me not the least feeling; but neverthe-
less 1 venture to suggest that the subject is of
sufficient importance for it to take the form of
a separate and distinct measure, and I prefer
it in that shape. If it be the pleasure of the
benate to pass it as a distinct bill or to put it
on some future appropriation bill that we are
to pass, let it be so ; but for the present I move
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will have to understand that motion as in the
nature of an objection to the agreement which
Moroni?'?Stn' T1?e motion is in order.
bill at all? m°ti0n affeot the
«™IDINe 0F™-
1 fo'" ""-'"i'
The yeas and nays were ordered.
^Mr. SUMNER. I doubt whether the Sen-
debate'FERRY' °f Conneeticut. I object to
bMrjUMNER. I am not going to de.
the Chair wtllT iS °rd-e/-' as 1 unders'and ;
S Irjdo now Xln, ^ ^
is hfordeifSIDINQ 0FPICER' The motion
1 ask the Senator from
Massachusetts to let me make a suggestion to
him. Would it not be agrepable to fche> ^pn
atorto change his motionginto a motioMo laJ
the whole pending bill on the table to the end
that we may proceed with any bill that be wants
to consider, or any other bill which any Sen-
ator may wish to occupy the day with?
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, I am satisfied
if that is more agreeable to the Senate. I
thought a motion to adjourn might be more
Mr. MORTON. I hope the Senator will
change it.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senatorwill allow
me to make a motion 
Mr. SUMNER. Yerv well. I will make a
motion that the whole bill be laid on the table.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. On that I
ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the bill lie on
the table, and on that question the Senator
from Connecticut calls for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HILL. I rise to make an inquiry of
the Chair. Did the Chair decide that the
motion to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table was not in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Not at all.
It was superseded by the next motion, which
was to lay the whole bill on the table.
The Secretary proceeded to call the yeas
and nays on the motion of Mr. Sumner to lay
the bill on the table.
Mr. SIOCKfON, (when his name was
called.) I find myself in a position in which
I ask leave to say a word to the Senate.
fhe VICE PRESIDENT. Thiscanbedone
by unanimous consent. *
Mr. STOCKTON. Yesterday I asked the
Senator from Florida [Mr. Osbokx] to pair
with me lor my own convenience; Iwasguite
sick and had to go home. He did so. The
terms of the pair extended to every question
connected with the Kentucky claim and the
Morrill amendment. The Senator said he
would announce it, if he was in the Senate ;
but as he expected to go to New York some
time in the afternoon or evening, he might not
be here, so that he wished I would mention'it
to somebody else to state it to the Senate. I
mentioned it to the Senator from California
next to me, [Mr. Casserly,] and the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer.] There
was nothing said about pairing beyond last
night or the vote yesterday, under the full
belief on the part of both of us that the vote
would be taken yesterday. I now learn that
the Senator from Florida has not been in his
seat to-day and has probably gone to New
. F Whether he considers himself paired
Tn ume ^"or to'?ay or. not, I really cannot
tell; but as he paired with me for my conven-
lence yesterday, and as I presume that he
would have asked me to pair with him to-day
as he was going to New York, I do not feel
justified in voting in reference to this amend-
ment.
lhe call of the roll having concluded,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say that hav-
nu a§ree<^ w*[h 'he Senator from Missouri
jivlr. Schurz] in regard to this matter to pair
nim with any gentleman that I might find it
convenient to do at any time on this bill, on
this occasion I will pair him with the Senator
irom New Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson,] who is
absent, unless he is paired with some other gen-
tleman. If he is, that fact can be announced.
Mr. CONKLING. The pair does not extend
to this, ihis is a motion to lay the whole bill
on the table. It does not affect the Morrill
amendment.
"MMDS. I think it does.
Mr. BAYARD, (who had first voted in the
ega I ask to withdraw my vote. The
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] was
Fot ,me-yestei'day on this question. I
learn that he is absent to-day, and his col-
eague intimates that he understands himself
e paired with me, I therefore withdraw
my vote.
9a'^e was an"ounced—yeas 22, nays
; as follows; J
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Buckingham,
