102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGHRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Nye.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
not appear, or he would not have asked the Sen-
ate to allow liim to withdraw ic. Therefore I
shall have nothing to say upon that question
except incidentally, but shall devote the few
minutes that I occupy to a question which I
regard more important to this country than
the sale of arms.
During this discussion it has been painfully
manifest that there is an effort,, heretofore
covert, now open, to disintegrate and destroy
the Republican party. Mutterings of this have
been heard in die press, and in the street, and
by the fireside ; but it has now assumed a most
definite shape, with its purpose boldly avowed.
I hope for the honor of the Senate of the Uni-
ted States, T hope for the honor of humanity,
I hope for the heretofore high standing of both
the Senators and the persons accused, that
there is no spirit underlying this movement
which does not emanate from a pure source
and a patriotic motive; that the design is not
to harm the .Republican party, that has covered
itself by its deeds with imperishable glory, but
to uphold and vindicate the honor of the coun-
try, and this alone.
In the investigation of this question in the
form which it has taken it will be necessary
to speak with that plainness which the magni-
tude of the case requires. 'But while I speak
plainly I shall speak in kindness.
MAXIM OF THE SENATOR FROM MASSACHUSETTS.
A few maxims that I have learned from the
wisdom of others, some ancient and some
more modern, some from the distinguished
Senator on my left, [Mr. Sumner,] I propose
to start with in this discussion. "We all know
how rich the Senator is in investigation, how
thorough in all things pertaining to science,
literature, and philosophy. When he speaks
and lays down a maxim as a rule of action, let
everybody else be silent. Therefore I propose
to adopt his maxim, and then for a few minutes
make a candid inquiry whether he has not
unintentionally transgressed his own rule.
A few years ago my friend was called on to
aid in the performance of the solemn duty of
pronouncing an obituary upon the late Mr.
.Justice Story, and he said:
" i remember him in my childhood, but i first
knew him after he came to Cambridge as professor,
while I was yet an undergraduate, and now recall
freshly as if the words were of yesterday the elo-
quence and animation with which at that time he
enforced upon a youthful circle the beautiful truth
that " No man stands in the way of another.'"
And that is a great truth, a maxim that
ought to be engraven with a pencil of steel
upon plates of brass; and yet how few of us
are there who live up to that golden maxim !
Sir, the examples are not recent, but have
dotted all along the pathway of history from
the time that Mordecai was seen sitting in the
king's gate till now, and I want to make a
candid, serious inquiry of my distinguished
friend if he adopts that maxim to-day that no
man is in the way of another. If so, why this
trouble,- why this dissatisfaction? Who sits
here at the helm of Government or in the
king's gate that you want to displace? Is my
friend quite certain that he was not moved a
little by the opposite of this maxim when he
introduced this resolution, this preamble that
has fallen of its own weight in the judgment
of the honorable Senator himself, for he wishes
to withdraw it?
I hope not,, sir; I hope for the honor of this
Senate that no man ever thinks another in
his w.y so much as to make him do an in-
justice to the lowest oSicial or citizen of tfiis
Government. Sometimes a strong political
bias orprejudiee warps our judgmentin regard
to men. When on my feet, unaccustomed to
be there as I am, I sometimes say things that
I wish I had not said, but they pass as the idle
wind. I am not authority; I have never laid
down that golden maxim which was laid down
by the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
that no man is in the way of another.
The world is wide enough to gratify the am-
bition of us all. My friend will be great in
letters, great in statesmanship, great and fra-
grant in the memory of a grateful people when
I shall be forgotten. He has recorded these
things to live, and has not recorded them un-
worthily. Who is in the way ? I should judge
from listening to this debate that somebody's
way was clogged, that somebody was in the
way of the honorable Senator who drafted
this resolution. I simply judge from the
appearance of it and from .the manner of the
discussion.
ORIGIN OF THE ASSAULTS ON THE PRESIDENT.
Another fact that I have found existing^ in
my own composition is that if 1 suffer my mind
to dwell for any considerable time upon a real
or supposed injury, the object of my observ-
ation becomes enlarged and expanded. It
may be so with others, and in this honest in-
quiry which I am making I shall submit these
questions with the greatest candor and tender-
ness of feeling toward my friend on my left,
[Mr. Sumner.]
Not far back in the pathway of time there
was a removal of a person in a high position
that was the peculiar friend of my friend on my
left. I admire that zeal and ardor of friendship
which my friend exhibits; it is the evidence
of a warm heart; but he, like lesser men, must
learn that they must see to it that prejudices
do not overturn their judgment, and in an
effort to right what I presume he supposed to
be a wrong to take that other maxim, as bril-
liant as that which he laid down himself, to
do no harm to right the wrong of a friend. I
speak of what history records; I speak it be-
cause I intend to-day to defend the Republican
party against its assailants, whether foes with-
out or alleged friends within.
Mutterings were heard, murmurings were
heard that there was something wrong at the
Capitol. Inquiries were made by men who
seek no other purpose than to do the duty that is
obligatory on them, to sustain the Republican
party. That muttering was not long heard
before it was public property. It was known,
as widely as the press can circulate it in this
country, that there was a coldness, to say the
least of it, between the executive officer of
this nation and the distinguished Senator who
has so long been a leader. I regretted that
circumstance, and I yielded only to my con-
viction that he whose reputation was so much
concerned would do any act from any other
motive than that which is best to subserve the
public good.
INVESTIGATION.
Then commenced a series of investigations.
I want to say here, by way of parenthesis, that
I did not blame my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] much for getting so mad to-day
that he used a word I never heard him use
before. [Laughter.] Investigation! What
mighty giant is this that has walked forth, this
animal called " investigation?" And an in-
vestigation by what is called here now "the
Liberal Republicans." Oh, what a spirit of
liberality is there in that! Sir, had I an
angel's tongue, and a pen as bitter as that
which my friend from Illinois dips in the very
gall of Ins anger, to write, I would not invest-
igate unless I knew there was something
wrong. Investigating upon suspicion is an
unwise errand on which to send any one.
What do you say to the assembled nations of
the world? Now, our electric currents are
found in every capital, and in quick response,
when the key is touched here, it vibrates upon
the heart of the enlightened world. What do
you say? "1 have grave reason to suspect,
and I do suspect, there was something wrong
in tl e sale of arms by our Government."
Open wide the ears of reigning monarchs;
stand still, ye governors of lesser climes; here
is grave suspicion that the Chief Executive of
this Republic has violated the law of nations!
Sir, that would not be my course. If I sus-
pected any such thing I would investigate it
in person and most thoroughly; I would not
do it upon testimony from which I would run
when it was exposed; but I would go to him
and I would inquire of him what there was in
this rumor. But no, standing at this awful
-distance which my friend does from the Exec-
utive, he fires a shot at random ; his aim is a
President; the result of his investigation is a
national insult!
AN INDICTMENT WITHOUT PROOF.
Sir, I have had some little experience in
court, both in prosecuting and defending
criminals. I never allowed, if I could help
it, an indictment to be found where I was not
sure of a conviction. I think that a proper-
toned and proper-tempered district attorney
always acts in that way. I would not let a
grand jury, if I could prevent it, indict a man
whose offense was not to be proven. No, sir,
men have no business to indict, arraign, and
try without the most positive evidence; and
the higher the victim stands the greater caution
should be observed. Sir, the President of the
United States is not inferior to his imperial
Majesty of Prussia. Chosen to that high office
by the impartial ballot of his countrymen, lie
governs as many people, and governs them as
well; and what would be thought of one of
Prussia's senators or of a man in the other
Houses of her parliament who should rise
and let fly at hap-lmzard chance an arrow at
that now world-renowned emperor? Sir, all
Prussia would bristle as they did on the eve
of the march to the Loire.
These things can only be sweet in the mouth
of those who desire to injure. They are to
my ears harsh sounds, and those that never
should be uttered unless most complete and
overwhelming proof is at hand. Sir, in the
small capacity in which I am connected with
this Government, I feel it my duty always to
guard and defend all from the assaults of mal-
ice or unmeaning slander; but a diU'erent the-
ory seems to prevail here, that investigation
is the great cure-all of the time. And what in
this case are we to investigate? A thing
that now appears as flimsy and as slender as
the feeble texture of a half-forgotten dream.
But that is not quite all, Mr. President.
AN ASSISTANT AT THE BUSINESS.
Another distinguished Senator is brought
forward, whose silvery tongue always attracts
large audiences, and who can prove by some
hidden sort of mysterious philosophy that he
is not here when he is speaking. My friend
[Mr. Sumner] puts up a building with very
little foundation; and he spreads the mortar;
he puts on the first coats of paint; and then
cotnes my distinguished friend -from Missouri
[Mr. Schurz] with his philosophical fresco-
brush. [Laughter.] Between two such cham-
pions who shall stand? One rears the build-
ing, the other does the frescoing. Wherever
good, plain common sense comes in and says,
"All this is nothing; where is your founda-
tion?'' they point to the gilt and tinsel that
make it attractive, and say with smiles of satis-
faction, " We have got him now ; this will fetch
Grant." [Laughter.]
THE PEOPLE VIGILANT.
Well , sir, perhaps it may and perhaps it may
not. Behind all these subterfuges, and above
and higher than all, is a careful, watchful,
vigilant people; a people no strangers to this
mode of warfare; a people who have been
