1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3739
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I had sup-
posed that there was an understanding among
the friends of civil rights that the bill for their
security should be kept oil a complete equality
■with that ror amnesty, which could be only by
awaiting a bill from the House securing civil
rights precisely as we have a bill from the
House securing amnesty. The two measures
are not put on an equality when the Senate
takes up a House bill for amnesty and takes
up simply a Senate bill for civil rights. I do
not wish to characterize the transaction ; but
to me it is painful, for it involves the sacri-
fice of the eqal rights of the colored race, as
is plain, very plain. All this winter I have
stood guard here making an ineffectual effort
to secure those rights, insisting always that
they should be recognized side by side with
those of. former rebels. Many Senators
agreed with me, as I understood, but now at
the last moment comes the sacrifice. The
amnesty bill, which has already prevailed iu
the House, passes, and only awaits the signa-
ture of the President; while an emasculated
civil rights bill which has never passed the
House is taken up and rushed through the Sen-
ate. Who can tell its chances in the other
House? And that, sir, is the way in which
the Senate treats the rights of the colored
race!
Sir, I sound the cry. The rights of the
colored race have been sacrificed in this Cham-
ber where the Republican party has a large
majority—that party by its history, its tradi-
tions, and all its professions bound to their
vindication. Sir, I sound the cry. Let it go
forth that the sacrifice has been perpetrated.
Amnesty has been adopted, but where are the
equal rights of the colored race? Still afloat
between the two Houses on an imperfect bill,
and what is their chance? Pass the imperfect
bill and still there is a denial of their equal
rights; but what is the chance of passing even
this imperfect measure? Who can say? Is it
not a sham? Is it not a wrong which ought to
ring through the laud ?
Sir, I call upon the colored people of this
country to take notice of the way in which their
rights are paltered with. I wish them tounder-
stand that here in this Chamber, with a large
majority of Republicans, this sacrifice has been
accomplished, and let them see how it was
done. They will take note that amnesty has
been secured while nothing is secured to them.
Now. sir, would you have your work effective,
you should delay amnesty until a bill for civil
rights has passed the House, and reaching this
Chamber the two measures will then he on a
complete equality. Anything else is sacrifice
of the colored race; anything else is an aban-
donment of an imperative duty oil us.
Now, sir, I am unwilling that this sacrifice
should proceed. I prefer, therefore, that the
bill which has unhappily passed should be re-
considered and amended, and I hope that some
friend of equal rights who has voted for am-
nesty will enter a motion for reconsideration
of that measure also, so that the two may be
on an equality. Sir, I appeal to the, Senator
from South Carolina, I appeal to both Sen-
ators of South Carolina, the Senator nearest
me and the Senator over the way, who are
declared friends of civil rights ; I appeal to
them not to see this sacrifice consummated.
Let them at least enter a motion to reconsider
the bill for amnesty, and allow it to waitunt.il
there has been definite action in favor of civil
rights. Otherwise these two Senators, repre-
senting large constituencies of colored fellow-
citizens, will be in this predicament, that they
have speeded amnesty to final success while
they have been content with a barren bill of
civil rights, which is only a beginning and
may end ill nothing. To the rebels they give
the rights they have claimed all secured by
law ; to the colored people they award apiece
of paper which may never be a law.
Sir, I appeal to those Senators; let them
now stand by the colored race. They need
not desert those at the South whom they would
gladly befriend by amnesty. I do not ask
that, for I too am for amnesty. Let them now
do their best endeavor to make amnesty and
civil rights go hand in hand. Failing to make
this effort they place themselves in the posi-
tion of helping amnesty at the expense of
civil rights.
I hope, sir, that this question will go over
until another day when we shall have a full
Senate, when I trust there will be others who
will be willing to stand by the equal rights of
our colored citizens. I therefore move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator will
allow me one moment.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. ANTHONY. I voted for both these
bills. I voted for them together several times,
but I finally made up my mind to vote for each
of them separately. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts was absent when the first bill passed
in which he has felt so much interest, and of
which he was the father. I think it will be
fair to him to allow the question of reconsid-
eration to be taken when the Senate is full, or
to adjourn now if it is more agreeable to him.
I do not suppose that motion can prevail; I
do not know that 1 shall vote for it, but I think
the civil rights bill we have passed is all that
can be accomplished at this session, and per-
haps more.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senate will allow
me to move to reconsider the other bill I have
no objection to adjourning.
Mr. CLAYTON. When I moved to recon-
sider the civil rights bill I was aware of the
fact that that bill was passed when the Senate
was very thin. There was but a bare quorum.
I did it for the purpose of allowing such an
important measure to receive the action of a
full Senate. I hope, therefore, that action
will not be taken on the motion to reconsider
now. I desire also while I have the floor to
move to reconsider the amnesty bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I am thankful to the
Senator. 'Then the two will be on an equality.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to_ lay the
motion to reconsider the amnesty bill ou the
table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois moves to lay on the table the
motion of the Senator from Arkansas.
Several Senators. That carries the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does not-
Mr. THURMAN. Let us understand that.
The rule of the House is that it' you lay the
motion to reconsider on the table, that kills
the motion and does not carry the bill to the
table. That is not the general rule of parlia-
mentary law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, a few days ago I moved to reconsider an
order by which the Senate lied itself up. A
motion was made to lay that motion to recon-
sider on the table, and it was carried, and the
Vice President, then presiding, decided that
the resolution was in force and the motion did
not carry it the table.
Mr. THURMAN. I want to know if that
is the rule of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was so decided on
that occasion.
Mr. TH URMAN. It is not the rule of par-
liamentary law.
Mr. CARPENTER. I rise to a point of
order. The pending question, as I understand
it, before the Senate is: will the Senate pro-
ceed to consider the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the civil rights bill was passed.
Pending that motion is it in'order for a Sen-
ator to make a motion to reconsider another
bill?
Mr. SUMNER. It can be entered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order made by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Wisconsin to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the motion to
reconsider the civil rights bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I beg leave to say one
word. I hope our time will not be wasted in
talking. The civil rights bill of the Senator
from Massachusetts as an amendment to the
amnesty bill this morning was defeated by
three to one; the bill itself as it passed, which
he calls an emasculated bill, passed by two to
one. I was certainly against it, aud "would
like to see it defeated very much, but we were
defeated two to one, and there'is no necessity
in the world for taking the yeas and nays upon
it when there can be but one result. Tdo not
think it is fair to those who have been in ses-
sion in committee andintbeSenate for twenty-
four and a half hours to come in and delay us
here upou this matter by merely taking the
yeas and nays. Let us vote.
Mr. POMEROY. If the motion to lay a
motion to reconsider on the table prevails, the
motion to day lays upon the table. It can be
renewed at any time within two days. In this
body a motion to lay on the table does not
prevent us going to the table atid taking it
up again.
Mr. CLAYTON. I merely want to refer to
the remarks of the Senator from Ohio. It is
true that the civil rights bill was passed, and
it was passed by a very large majority ; but if
I recollect aright, the amendment striking out
the school and jury clauses was very closely
contested.
Mr. POMEROY. Only two majority.
Mr. CLAYTON. Only two majority I
think, and there is where the whole question
rests. While the Senate was thin, with a bare
quorum, that was only carried'by two major-
ity.
Mr; SUMNER. I really think that does
make a ground of appeal to the fairness of
the Senate, when you consider the importance
of the question, and as it was carried by only
two, I think the Senate ought to allow a vote
to be taken itia full Senate. I have no desire
to occupy time. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. CARPENTER. I hope not.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin, to take up the motion to recon-
sider the vote on the passage of the civil
rights bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I will not trespass upon
the attention of the Senate more than two
or three minutes; but I wish to say this:
when the civil rights bill was brought up to-
night I voted against the substitution of the
amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin ;
I voted to adhere to the bill of the Senator
from Massachusetts. The Senatedecided that
the substitute offered by the Senator from
Wisconsin should be adopted in place of the
bill of the Senator from Massachusetts. The
Senator from Massachusetts calls it an emas-
culated bill.
It is not all I desire, but it was perfectly
evident tome from the expression in the Sen-
ate at that time that it was all we could get
at this session of Congress. When, therefore,
the question was put upon the bill itself, I voted
for the bill, as I believe (.lie Senator from Massa-
chusetts himself would have done if he had
been here. I do not think tSie Senator from
Massachusetts would, with his record on this
question, have consented to vote against taking
so much as he could get.
I do not see how the Senator from Massa-
chusetts can vote to reconsider the passage of
the bill we have passed to-night. It is not all
that I wished. I think we ought to have had
the bill of the Senator from Massachusetts
very nearly pure and simple ; but if we are to
vote to reconsidcr this measure now because
it is not all we desire, we should on the same
principle have voted against or voted to
