1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1947
hundred and fifty-five, to insert "Batavia,
$1,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
one hundred and fifty-seven "Copenhagen,
$2,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, after line one
hundred and fifty-nine, to insert " St. Thomas,
$2,500."
Mr. MORTON. I move to amend the
amendment of the committee by striking out
"§2,500" and inserting "$3,000."
Mr. CHANDLER. I simply wish to say
that if we make a change of that kind, it will
undoubtedly lead to other efforts to bring about
similarity. ' For instance, on this page, the
consul at Santa Cruz is put at $2,500, and the
consul at St. Thomas at $2,500. They are
about alike, and if you raise the salary at St.
Thomas you will be asked to do it at Santa
Cruz and many other places. This bill has
been gotten up on consultation with the State
Department, and we have tried to be as fair
as it is possible to be. The Senate can very]
well see that it will lead to confusion to brea!
into these schedules which have been carefull
fixed after consideration.
Mr. MORTON. I have paid gome little
attention to the importance andconditition of
ibis consulate at St. Thomas. In the first
place, it, is one of the most important consul-
ates in the West Indies. That port is a great
resort for the shipping of all nations. As a
depot for shipping it is more important than
any island in the West Indies. The labors of
the consul at that port are very great compared
with the amount ot aciualeommeicial business
transacted there, iiom the fact that so many of
our ships touch there. Again, it is the most
pestilential spot in the world. It is said to be
the home of the yellow fever. It is worth a
man's life to go there, and any man who is
competent to perform the duties of that office,
and goes there and takes the risk, ought to be
well paid for it.
The salaries of several of the consuls have
been increased, while in some cases they have
been diminished. I do not see that this will
interfere with the symmetry of the bill in any
respect, but I present it as a ease of absolute
merit; indeed, the consul at that port, instead
of having $2,500, should have $4,000. It is
the coaling station of the steamers ; it is where
ships put in tor refitting and supplies. The
harbor at St. Thomas is always lull of ships.
The labors of the American consul there to pro-
tect the rights of our commerce and of our sea-
men are constantly required ; and yet it is the
most dangerous spot m the West Indies for an
American to go. The present consul there has
had the yellow fever. We had one that died
there not a great while ago. I move that this
be increased to $8,000 a year.
Mr. CHANDLER. My friend from Ala-
bama has before hiin statistics showing the
amount of receipts. We have tried to take
the amount of business as one item in fixing
the salaries. If my friend from Alabama will
state the busiuess uf that port, as he has the
papers before him, I shall bo obliged to him.
Mr. SPENCER. The present salary of'the
consul at St. Thomas is $2,000. We propose
in this bill, on the recommendation of the
State Department., to increase it to $2,500.
The fees collected last year were £2,757 90.
The State Department does not recommend
an increase beyond $500, which we have given
by the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment Of the Senator from
Indiana.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope it will not pre-
vail.
Mr. MORTON. One word further. The
statement from the State Department shows
that the fees which have been collected there
amount to something over $2,700, nearly
$2,800. Certainly the consul should have that
amount for staying there. But I wish to state
that the business of that consulate is of that
character, that while it is laborious to the con-
sul, it does not result in large fees, because the
amount of commercial transactions there is
not very great; there are no fees upon invoices
or but very few; and yet the labors of the con-
sul are very large on account of the numberof
ships touching there, stopping to obtain sup
plies and to refit. It is a sort of half-way
house for the commerce of the Gulf and the
Caribbean sea. There are consulships pro-
vided for in this bill with salaries twice as large
where the actual labor is not so great, and that
are comparatively pleasant places to live at.
I think this salary ought to be raised to $3,000
at least.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have before me the
recommendation of the State Department in
regard to this consulate, which the committee
adopted. The Secretary says that "the consul
has heretofore had $2,000." On account of its
unhealthy position he advises that it be raised
$500. I suppose there are other places just
as unhealthy ; but there does not seem to be
any difficulty in finding people to fill the
places. I have found no difficulty in obtain-
ing candidates.
Mr. MORTON. It is not the question
whether you can obtain candidates. You
may get persons to undertake to fill any de-
partment. At Havana, although they have the
yellow fever, they do not have ithalf as long as
they have it at St. Thomas. There is not a
month in the year that yellow fever does not
prevail at St. Thomas, as I am informed. You
provide for givingthe consul general at Havana
$7,000ayear. I doubt whether his labors are
greater than those of the consul at St. Thomas,
while the risk is not half so great.
The consular system is more than self-sup-
porting. I am informed that, the receipts for
the last year were $143,000 in excess of the
expenses. Let some portion of that surplus
be now used to pay a man a decent eompen-
sation for taking his life in hishands and going
to such a place as St. Thomas.
Mr. CHANDLER. I suppose the business
at Havana is probably twenty times greater
than it is at Si. Thomas. The Havana con-
sulate has always been one of the most im-
portant.
Mr. MORTON. I will agree that the actual
transactions at Havana are greater; but I
am speaking of the amount of shipping and
of the labor imposed on the consul. I pre-
sume there are as many ships touching at St.
Thomas as there are at Havana.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not believe there
is one in t.wnnty. Havana is full of American
shipping at all times. The labors of the con-
sulate are enormous there, while at St. Thomas
they are comparatively very little.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana to the amendment of the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SPENCER. I do not think there is
any necessity for calling the yeas and nays on
this amendment of $500. As a member of
the committee, so far as I am concerned, I
would rather give it than spend the time.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let us have a division.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator insist on the call for yeas and nays?
Mr. MORTON. No; I will ask for a
division.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 9, noes 11; no quorum voting.
Mr. CARPENTER called for the yeas and
nays, aud they were ordered ; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Caldwell, Clayton, Qold-
thwaito, Hill, Morrill o{Maine, Morton, Norwood,
Osborn. Pomeroy, Pool, Spencer, Stevenson, Sum-
ner, West, and Wright—16.
NA\S—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Boreman, Carpen-
ter, Chandler, Cole, Conklintc, Cooper, Corbett, Fen-
ton, Ferry of Michigan, Freiinghuysen, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Logan.
Morrill of Vermont, Bice, Sawyer, Stockton, and
Wimlom—22,
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham. Cameron, Casserly, Cragm, Davis of
Kentucky, Davisof West Virginia, Edmunds. Ferry
ot Connecticut, i lanagan, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamhn, Harlan, Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis,
Nye, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Schurz, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Viokers, and Wil-
son—3o.
So the amendment to the amendment was
not agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. While we are on this point, I
wish to move an amendment in line one hun-
dred, which I have the permission of the
chairman of the committee to move. In line
one hundred, after the word " Windsor," I
move to insert the words " Canada East," and
after line one hundred to insert the words
" Windsor, Nova Scotia, $1,000."
Mr. CHANDLER. I understand there has
been a commercial agent there who had the
salary of a consul, and this amendment merely
changes it from a consular agency to a con-
sulate. Hence I see no objection ts the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to strike out on page 8, line one hundred and
five, in the list of consuls to the North Ger-
man Union, " Geestemunde, $2,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
one hundred and sixty-eight "Munich, $2,000 ;
Stiitgartt, $2,000; Carlsruhe, $1,500."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and seven ty-three, to raise the salary of
the consul at Bremen from $2,000 to $3,000.
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to call
the attention of the chairman of the commit-
tee to this amendment and the amendment in
the following line in regard to the consul at
Hamburg. I should think the amounts there
ought to be reversed. Hamburg is a much
more expensive place to live in than Bremen,
and the fees are much larger in Hamburg than
in Bremen.
Mr. SPENCER. These are amendments
made in conformity with the recommendation
of the State Department. The Seuator will
observe that the consulate at Geestemunde
has been abolished by this bill. The salary
of that consulate was $2,000. The consul at,
Bremen now has those duties to perform, and
it is for that reason that this increase is pro-
posed. The consul at, Bremen under this bill
will really have to perform the work of two
consulates, Geestemunde and Bremen. The
fees at Geestemunde were very large, $7,000;
but the State Department thought that owing
to the close proximity of that place to Bremen
the consulate there was unnecessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the
committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator thinks
thatamount too high, hecan move to reduce it.
Mr. PATTERSON. I think they ought to
be at atiy rate the same I do not care
whether it is $3,000 or $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and seventy-five, to strike out the word
' • Bavaria.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
one hundred and seventy-five " Hesse Darm-
stadt, $2,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and ninety, to reduce the salary of the
