1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Nye.
Senate.
educated more thoroughly in vigilant watch-
fulness than any other people of the world.
They guard with a never-sleeping eye the rep-
utation of their leaders and of their officers.
This great army, the people, share, and share
largely, in the reputation of their Government,
and this mass, the millions whose tread I hear,
are not going to take anything for granted
against men who have been tried where the
cheeks of others blanched.
Mr. President, who is it that these "Liberal
Republicans" expect to reach? It is an-
nounced that it is the President of the United
States, and, sir, who is he? He is at the head
of more intelligent millions than any monarch
of the world. He has no blind followers, no
devotees that bow at his shrine ; they^ are all
of them men, and men that dare think and
come to right conclusions.
POLITICAL CONVENTIONS.
I saw the brow of another encircled with
more dangers than I see now, and yet the peo-
ple rose in their majesty and put the govern-
ment upon him. Who is this man that he
must be destroyed, and why wish to make him
appear evil in the eyes of the world? It is to
get a change of Presidents. Both the great
parties of this nation (and it was inaugurated,
I think, and born in the Democratic party)
adopted the rule of conventions for the nom-
ination of candidates for President and Vice
President. That is the law of parties, the law
of custom, and will remain so as long as par-
ties exist, and parties will exist as long as this
Republic stands.
What boots it to me that this convention
nominate one man when I prefer another? Is
it time for me to begin to seek to be liberal-
ized? I am ready and willing to trust the
convention that meets ; and so will my Demo-
cratic friends across the way, if they are not
deceived by the strength of "Liberalism."
Wait t-ill their convention meets and see. No,
sir, "We must slay this formidable antagonist
now," is the cry; and this is the rauge at
which they have been firing.
WHO IS THE PRESIDENT?
Sir, taking out of consideration now for the
moment that it is 110 less than the President of
the United States that they seek to destroy,
who is the man ? A tew years ago,when terri-
ble strife and turmoil were the order of the day,
when armies were marshaled and sent to the
field under what were thought to be by some
incompetent leaders, when the patriotic heart
was sinking amid the convulsive scenes around
it, there sprang up in the West, ay, in the State
of the honorable Senator fiom Illinois himself,
in an obscure town, the subsequent leader of
our armies. He gave his whole soul and energy
to the organization of armies, and wrenched the
first standaid of colors from off a fortress of
the enemy. Marching on from Port Henry to
Port Donelson and Shiloh, and from thence to
Vicksburg, sweeping with the besom of destruc-
tion in his coursc, annihilating rebel armies,
was seen the man who is now President of the
United States. When, upon the line of our
Potomac, generals had been hurled back and
armies destroyed, he met in the Wilderness
the chosen chieftain of the rebels, and he smote
him and his hosts as David did Goliath.
now HE WAS REGARDED THEN.
Sir, I do not say too much when I say that
at that period he was regarded as the savior
of this nation. Others had tried to throw
themselves against the formidable breastworks
of Richmond, but he alone succeeded. At
that moment his word would have stood
against the world. Not only this, but other
countries proclaimed him the ^noblest and
proudest chieftain of the age. So deeply im-
bedded was he in the hearts of the American
people that they with almost one aecoid pro-
claimed him the Chief Magistrate of a grate-
ful people, and a just people are always grate-
ful. Then nobody had been removed from
office, no cousin, uncle, or brother-in-law, and
it was the nation's verdict that he who had led
so proudly and so bravely in war should be our
pilot in the civil strife for the four coming
years. Sir, no verdict was ever more justly
recorded.
WHAT HAS HE DONE ?
What has he done to forfeit it? We are
told by the honorable Senators from Missouri
and Illinois and Massachusetts that he has
made unfortunate appointments in the custom-
house. I say to those Senators you must seek
other cause than that. The evils of which
you complain in the custom-house are coex-
istent with the custom-house itself. Reform
the custom-house, and I will help you, and so
will all in the Republican party. Reform it,
and we will join hands in its reformation, but
in order to reform it is it necessary to take the
political life of the President of the United
States? Can my friends square it by any rules
of morals or of ethics ? Can it be squared in
the minds of an intelligent people by any
standard of morals by which men should be-
judged? I answer 110; most emphatically, no.
THE CAUSE OF ALL THIS.
Standing, then, in this condition and state
of wonder and amazement that such things
should be, we have to look for some other
cause, and I think I have found it. My friend
from Illinois dissected that Missouri platform
a little too readily for a stranger. He had felt
its pulse before. He knew where every vein
and artery and sinew and nerve lay. He ap-
plied no unskillful knife. That platform was
born for mischief, whoever it was born of; and
my friend claimed a familiarity with it which
shocked me. [Laughter.] He inquired "Who
would have unconstitutional laws passed?
Would you?" No, sir, I would not. Then
there is no cause of difference between the
honorable Senator and the party with whom
he has acted so long and so well. They do
not want to pass unconstitutional laws. You
must seek some other cause for getting a,way.
Old Colonel Benton once said to a distin-
guished Senator from New York, at the time
the question of the admission of Oregon was
up and the Buffalo convention was in session,
and the Senator from New York seemed to
change front pretty quick, " You have heard
the toot of the Buffalo horn." I guess he had.
And now, in the most kindly spirit, I wonder
if the Senator from Illinois had not heard
the toot of the Missouri horn? Was it not a
plan laid deep in Missouri ^destroy President
Grant's chances of a renomination ? I stand
here to say that I shall support for the Repub-
lican candidate whoever shall be nominated
at Philadelphia. That is the language of a
Republican, and that should be the universal
cry of every man who claims to belong to the
Republican party.
A NOMINEE FOR PRESIDENT.
Mr. President, while the honorable Senator
the other day was making his speech with so
much fire and vigor, there was a convention
sitting in another place, and they nominated
another man. I have wondered since—I do
not know that I have any right to do so—
whether my friend would have been so ardent
in defense of that platform if he had thought
that while he was then speaking the news was
being brought on the wires that a distinguished
member of the bench of the United States had
been selected instead of himself. I think taat
convention made a mistake. I have 110 doubt
my friend would make the best candidate.
A BIT OF POECKY.
I have here somewhere, if I have not mis-
laid it, and in introducing it I follow the ex-
ample of my friend on the left, [Mr. SuMNER,]
who had some poetry read the other day, a
stray poem that I found in a California paper.
It is headed in Latin, and it will please my
friend from Massachusetts so much that I can-
not lose this opportunity of presenting it:
De Profundis.
Shades of despair "were falling fast.
As through our natrve.land there passed
A " party " dressed not over-nice,
Whose banner bore the strange device,
Any thingtobeatgrant I
Its brow was sad; its eye below
Wept like Niobe's in her woe.
And like despair's straw-catching rung
The accents of that queersome tongue,
Anythingtobeatgrant 1
Throughout the land it saw content
Wrought by the hero President;
Below, the dread Salt river shone,
And from its lips escaped a groan,
Anythingtobeatgrant 1
"Try not the pass-ive," old ones croon,
" 'Taint worth a wornout picayune,
The saline torrent is deep and wide
And loud that desperate voice replied,
Any thingto beatgrant 1
" 0, stay," Columbia said, " and rest,
Quit politics—go farm the West
A tear stood in his bloodshoteye,
Butstiil it answered with asiffh,
Anythingtobeatgrant 1
" Beware G-eorge Wilkes and his weak branch
Beware the ballot's avalanche 1"
Th us spake the people from good will,
A voice replied far down the hill,
Anythingtobeatgrant I
On 'lection day when the Union busies
Itself to reelect Ulyoses,
And does the job with votes to spare,
A voice yells through the autumn air,
Anythingtobeatgrant I
A corpse deep buried in the ground,
The 'Lectora! College fellows found,
Still grasping in its ouohered hand,
That platform hard to understand,
Anythingtobeatgrant!
There, 'neaih the river, cold and salted.
Lifeless and carrion-food, it halted;
And freemen hear as they rejoice,
A cry wrung from a passive voice,
Anythingtobeatgrant I
THE REPUBLICAN RECORD.
Mr. President, this Republican party is a
peculiar party, it is made up of material such
as no other party ever contained. Heretofore,
in the humdrum politics that preceded the
organization of this party, in nine cases out
of ten the boys had the same politics as their
fathers. They feasted upon the great ques-
tions of tariff or anti-tariff, of protective or
incidental tariff, and they grew fat in discuss-
ing the questions of bank or anti-bank ques-
tions that sink into obscurity by the side of
the questions that have been met by this
Republican party. Sir, I have often won-
dered how men of such talent as Clay and
Webster and Calhoun, and their compeers,
should find enough to satisfy them, enough
for their great intellects to feed upon, in those
questions of such minor importance. Never
until the Republican party was born were
there questions discussed that led up to a care-
ful inquiry and a careful reading of the Con-
stitution of the United States. I ask my
friend from Massachusetts it that is not true?
It was spoon-victuals then ; substantial meats
now. In that day my friend with his great
intellect would not meddle with politics, and
he never would—for I have it from his own
pen, in an oratiou in Boston mingle in poll-
tics until a question arose ot the greatest
magnitude.
Sir, it came. It came steadily. The ques-
tion was upon us. Who met it ? After_ the
party was pretty well organized, my friend
from Missouri met it. I was charmed by the
eloquence of my friend from Illinois fifteen
years ago. My friend from Massachusetts met
it, and stood forth in his gigantic proportions.
