1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1051
left to fix the pay of its clerks as it, may please,
and those clerks may hold other offices or not
as they please.
Mr. DICKEY. And there is now a clerk
for each committee of the Senate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, they have a
clerk for each committee, and they pay their
clerks some two dollars a day each more than
we do ours.
Mr. WJLLAED. I agree to the force of
the observation of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth. J I think it would
be a wise tiling if we could have a law to regu-
late the employment and compensation of the
clerk's both of the Senate and of the House.
One reason why this committee does not leport
such a bill is that we were instructed to report
a bill concerning only the clerks of the com-
mittees of the House. Even if we had felt
disposed to report a different bill, we had 110
authority to do it. Beside, it would seem to
be a most manifest intermeddling with what
is specially the province of another branch of
Congress for us to assume to say what clerk
tiie Senate should employ or what compensa-
tion they should give them. If this bill should
pass the House and go to the Senate, and they
choose lo attach to it provisions in relation to
the employment and payment of their clerks,
similar to those here proposed in relation to
clerks of the House, we of course would very
cheerfully accord to them that privilege and
not object to it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Allow me
a question. Does this bill, by its provisions,
prevent this House from employing any new
clerks should we desire to do so?
Mr. WILLARD. I would have come to
that in a moment, but for the interruption
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farxs-
worth ]
Mr. BCJTLElt, of Massachusetts. Another
question, and I will not interrupt the gentle-
man further. I would like to hear the gentle-
man give a reason for taking the clerks tor the
committees of this House from under our con-
trol and placing them under the control of the
Senate.
Mr. WILLARD. I think I have stated that
reason once, but I will state it again and right
here. The reason is just this: in the last Con-
gress there were four cleiks of committees of
the House who were paid in the aggregate
$10,000 out of the Treasury during the recess
of Congress. I do not mean that they were
paid that amount for their services during tlie
recess of Congress, for they rendered no service.
But there were four clerks of committees of
this House whose per diem duiing the recess
of the last Congress amounted to JuilO.OOO, and
who had no work to perform during that time.
That was done, as a general rule, by the adop-
tion of resolutions offered in a thin House just
after the reading of the Journal in the morning,
or just before the adjournment of the House,
or at some time when no particular attention
was called to them. Now, it must be obvious
to the gentleman Irom Massachusetts that such
things cannot be prevented in any way as long
as it rests in the hands of the House alone to
control in all respects the employment and com-
pensation of its clerks. While die House alone
has control of this matter we can at any time,
by resolution, diiect that clerks shall be paid
during the recess a per diem compensation. 1
will say frankly to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts that one object of ihis bill is to tie our
own hands so that no such resolutions may go ■
through here at a time when the attention of
tlie House is not called to them.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If that is
an abuse, can we not prevent it by a rule of
the House? I cannot agree that we are to put
ourselves under the guardianship of the Sen-
ate lest we should do wrong.
Mr. WILLARD. Under the guardianship
of the law.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I wish to make
an inquiry. If this bill should become a law,
and the House, thereafter disregarding it,
should make one of these objectionable orders
for the payment of some one or more of its
employes, would the bill overrule that order
and make it illegal so as to prevent the pay-
ment of the money thus ordered by the House?
Mr. WILLARD. It would. That is just
the object ot' the bill.
Mr. KERR. I ask the gentleman whether in
his opinion such an order, after the enactment
of this bill, would be inoperative if made by
the House?
Mr. WILLARD. I will answer that in con-
sidering the remaining provisions of the bill;
and I shall be very brief, because the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Hale,] representing the
Committee on Appropriations, desires to call
up the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to offer
an amendment, to add at the end of the bill the
following:
"And hereafter no money shall be paid out of the
contingent fund of the House by resolution of the
House for the payment of clerks of standing com-
mittees of the House.
Mr. WILLARD. I have no objection to
that amendment if it is considered necessary.
I yield a moment to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] that hemaycall atten-
tion to an amendment which he desired to offer.
Mr. HOAR. I desire, at a suitable time, to
move the following amendment, to come in
before the proviso at the end of the first sec-
tion :
But nothing herein contained shall prevent the
House herealter from discontinuing, by resolution,
the employment of any cletk herein named, or
troin transternng his duties from one committee to
another.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is all
right.
Mr. WILLARD. There is no objection to
that, so far as I can see; but let it await the
final action on the bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the second section pro-
vides for the payment of committee clerks who
may act as such during the recess of Congress.
The provision is—
That whenever a standing committee, which is
authorized by this act to employ a cierk during the
sebsions ofCongress, shall, by order of the House,sit
during the recess ot Congress, the clerk in actual
attendance upon the sittings of such committee may
be paid lor such attendance at thesame rate per day
as during the sessions of Congress, upon an account
examined and alio wed by the Committee on Accounts.
The reason of this provision is obvious. A
committee charged with special business, when
obliged to sit during the recess, should of course
be allowed to employ a clerk at the same rale
paid during the session of Congress, but only
while in actual attendance upon the sittings
of the committee.
The third section makes provision respecting
standing committees not authorized by the bill
to employ a clerk regularly. It was represented
to the committee—and the statement has much
force—that a standing committee not requiting
ordinarily a clerk—for instance, the Committee
on the Expenditures of the Treasury Depart-
ment or Navy Department or Post Office De-
partment—might be charged at any particular
session with the special business of investigat-
ing expenditures in any of those Departments.
Now, apparently these committees have
nothing to uo unless their attention is specially
called to expendituresin these Departments by
lesolution instructing them to examine into
them. If they should be charged by the House
with such labor, then it is manifest they ought
to be authorized to employ a clerk during the
time so engaged. Section three of the bill
therefore provides that whenever any standing
committee of the House, not authorized by
this act to employ a cierk, or any select com-
mittee of the House, shall, by resolution, be
charged with any special investigation or busi-
ness that ill the judgment ot' the Committee
on Accounts requires the employment of a
clerk, and the Committee on Accounts shall
recommend and the House shall vote that
such committee may employ a clerk, such clerk
shall be paid, out of the contingent fund of the
House, not more than five dollars a day while
actually acting as clerk during the sessions
of Congress, or in actual attendance upon any
sessions of such committee during the recess
of Congress; such payment to be made only
upon an account examined and allowed by
the Committteeon Accounts. In other words,
it leaves the committees not authorized by this
bill to employ clerks precisely where all the
standing committees are now. If they should
be specially charged with such business by the
House, then, if in the judgment of the Com-
mittee on Accounts they should- have a clerk,
the question will be submitted to the House,
and the House can then order the employment
of a clerk, for whose pay provision is also made
in this section.
I come now to the fourth section of the bill,
which answers substantially the question put
to me by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerb,] which was whether this bill would pre-
vent tiie House by lesolutiou from paying a
clerk out of the contingent fund of the House.
Itwould preventsuch payment, it seems to me,
it' any language can be framed which would
secure that result.
Section four provides—
That no clerk of any committee of the House shall
be allowed or paid any salary or compensation except
as provided in this act; and all acts and parts ot acts
inconsistent with theprovisionsofthisactare hereby
repealed.
We provide that no clerk shall be paid except
in the way provided in this bill, it seems to
me that resolutions authorizing the pay of
clerks would be contrary to the provisions of
this bill; and if clerks were paid out of the
contingent fund they would be paid in direct
violation of this law, and it would be a breach
of duty on the part of the officers who paid
them. We cannot make a provision abso-
lutely preventing such a thing, but if it is done,
it will be done illegally.
The morning hour has now expired, and I
have not called the previous question, as some
other members of the committee desire to
present their views to the House when the bill
is before us again in the morning hour next
Tuesday.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a few moments.
Mr. WILLARD. I will do so if the gentle-
man from Maine has no objection.
Mr. HALE. I must call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
a parliamentary inquiry. Will this bill go
over to the morning hour of Friday, or the
morning hour of Tuesday?
The SPEAKER. It is a public bill, and
will go over to the morning hour of Tuesday
next.
vicksborg, mississippi.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, moved that the Committee on Appro-
priations be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of ex-soldiers of the
United States, citizens of Mississippi, asking
that the military strength of Vicksburg be pre-
served by keeping the Mississippi channel in
its present course, and that the same be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
william w. iiubbell.
Mr. DICKEY, by unanimous consent, moved
that the Committee on Appropriations be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
papers in the case of William W. Hubbell,
praying for relief, and that the same be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
national currency.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, bv unani-
mous consent, moved that a bill (S. No. 187)
to amend an act entitled "An act to jrovide
national currency secured by pledge of United
