1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2843'
Caldwell. Carpenter, Conkling, Corbett, Edmunds,
Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, jTrelmghuysen, Ham-
).n, Howo, Mori.11 of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Pratt, Ramsey, Scott, Sumner, Wilson, and
Windom—22.
NATS—Messrs. Alcorn, Casserly, Cooper, Ferry of
Connecticut, Groldthwaite, Hamilton of. Texas, Har-
lan, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis. Logan,
Ransom, Sawyer, Sprague, Stevenson Trumbull,
Viewers, and West—20.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Bayard. Blair,
Brownlow, Cameron, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Cra-
gin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Fenton, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Kellogg,
Norwood, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool,
Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman,
Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, Tburman, Tipion, and
Wright—32.
So the bill was ordered to lie on the tabic.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed to the
bill by him ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed-.
message from 'hie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Cjjnton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution ; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate;
A bill (H. R. No.1072) to fix terms of United
States circuit courts in the eighth district;
A bill (H. R. No. 1802) granting a pension
to John Nichman;
A bill (H. R. No. 2569) authorizing the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
revise and adjust the accounts of James 0.
Pickett, late charge d'affaires to Peru ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2571) to amend an act
granting pensions to the survivors of the war
of 1812, who served sixty days, and to their
widows, approved February 14, 1871;
A bill (H. R. No. 2572) granting a pension
to Hermann J. Ehle ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 141) to amend
the resolution for the relief of James Keenan,
late consul at Hong Kong, China, approved
February 18, 1867.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills ; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 856) granting a pension to
Eliza Whiting;
A bill (S. No. 954) granting a pension to
William Hutchison, minor son of Joseph
Hutchison, deceased ;
A bill (S. No. 989) granting a pension to
John Carbaugh, a private of company A,
forty-sixth regiment of Pennsylvania volun-
teers ; and
A bill (S. No. 1014) to authorize the St.
Joseph Bridge-Building Company to mortgage
its bridge with the appurtenances and the
franchises relating thereto.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. HILL, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Claims be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill
(S. No. 1042) for the relief of Thomas Hollis, of
Morgan county, Georgia, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post lloads.
AMENDATORY ENFORCEMENT ACT.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 791) to amend an act entitled "An
act to amend an act approved May 31, 1870,
entitled 'An act to enforce the rights of citi-
zens of the United States to vote in the sev-
eral States of the Union, and for other pur-
poses.' "
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senate will not
take that up, but will allow us to proceed with
the naval appropriation bill. The appropri-
ation bills are too far behind to encourage the
hope ot an adjournment at any reasonable
day. The business is so far back that I must
insist on taking up the naval appropriation
bill. A bi'.l of the importance of that sug-
gested by the Senator from Indiana ought not
to stand in the way of appropriation bills. We
can soon get through with the naval appropri-
ation bill; it is not a very long bill ; it can
be read through in half an hour, and we can
act upon the few amendments and very likely
dispose of the bill to-day. I know that the
Senate will feel that there is a great pressure
off their shoulders and o(T mine when we
dispose of it.
Mr. WILSON. I do not wish to take up
the time of the Senate, but I desire to make
a single suggestion. We have laid aside one
bill on which there are differences of opinion
for the purpose of going on with our business.
Now the naval appropriation bill can be pro-
ceeded with and we can make great progress,
but I think 110 question should be taken on
which there will be much division in the Sen-
ate. I hope my friend from Indiana will with-
draw the proposition he has made at this time,
and let ns go on with the naval appropriation
bill; and then I hope another thing, that in tlie
morning hour we shall not bring up contested
questions here day after day.
Mr. MORTON. 1 press this bill because
of its great importance. It is a bill that may
meet with some opposition in the House; it
may meet with some opposition here. I think
it should not. The appropriation bills are
bills that can be gotten through at any time ;
and those bills that are likely to take some
time in the other House ought to be passed at
as early a period as possible.
I will state the substance of this bill, and I
think it meets the approbation of men of all
parties so far as I know; it did in the com-
mittee. It is to authorize the district judges
of the United States in congressional elections
to appoint two men of opposite politics, one
of each party, to be present at the registration
and at the voting, and to remain with the bal-
lot-boxes until the votes are counted. It is
not a partisan measure in any sense. It is a
bill to promote fair and honest elections. That
everybody, I think, ought to be in favor of.
It is reported unanimously from the Commit-
tee on Privileges and Elections, and I cannot
think it will excite much opposition here.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Har-
lan in the chair.)" The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Indiana, to take up
the bill indicated by him.
The motion was not agreed to.
ii0use bills referred.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions:
A bill (H. R. No. 1802) granting a pension
to John Nichman.
A bill (H. R. No. 2571) to amend an act
granting pensions to the survivors of the war
of 1812 who served sixty days, and to their
widows, approved February 14, 1871; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2572) granting a pension
to Herman J. Ehle.
The following bill and joint resolution were
severally read twice by their titles, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations:
A bill (H. R. No. 2569) authorizing the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
revise and adjust the accounts of James C.
Pickett, late charg6 d'affaires to Peru ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 141) to amend
the resolution for the relief of James Keenan,
late consul at Hong Kong, China, approved
February 18, 1807.
The bill (H. R. 1072) to fix terms of United
States circuit courts in the eighth district was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee oil the Judiciary.
NATAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COLE. I now move to proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 1191, the naval
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1191J making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 187S, and for other purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Theamend-
ments of the Committee- on Appropriations
will be acted upon as they are reached in the
reading of the.bill.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.'
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was in section one,
line ten, to strike out the word "or," between
the words "mileage" and "transportation,"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This verbal
amendment will be regarded as agreed to
unless objection be made.
The next amendment was in line fifteen, to
reduce the appropriation for tlie pay of com-
missioned and warrant officers at sea, on shore,
on special service, and of those on the retired
list, and for mileage and transportation, &c.,
from $6,500,000 to $6,250,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventeen,
to reduce the appropriation for contingent ex-
penses of the Navy Department from $125,000
to $100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line forty-three,
to reduce the appropriation for bunting and
other materials tor flags from $8,500 to $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after line
seventy :
For surveying in the Pacific, $50,000.
For making charts, $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventy-
six, in the clause making appropriations for
fuel, lights, and office furniture ; care of build-
ing, &c., for the Bureau of Navigation, from
$8,000 to $7,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
the appropriations for the Naval Observatory,
lines ninety-four and ninety-five, as follows :
For transcribing astronomical observations upon
sheets for publication, it>l,2d0.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and five, to reduce the appropriation for
rent, fuel, labor, stationery, &c., for Naval
Observatory from $1,700 to $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
proviso beginning on line one hundred and
fourteen, in the following words:
Provided, That the mechanics and laborers shall
be employed on the selection of the heads of the
several mechanical departments m theseveral navy-
yards, •without the interference of any naval officer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and seventeen, to strike out the word
"and"' before, and the word "further" after,
the word "provided."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines one hun-
dred and nineteen and one hundred and twenty,
to strike out the words " without dictation from
political committees and without regard to
their political sentiments," and in lieu thereof
to insert:
"With reference to skill and efficiency and without
regard to other considerations: Provided fu)thert
That the number of hours constituting a day's work
shall be the same as shall be usual and customary
in private employments in the vicinity of such
navy-yard.
So as to make the proviso read :
Provided, That laborers shall be employed in the
several navy-yards by the pioper officers in charge,
with reference to skill and efficiency, and without
regard to other considerations: Provided further,
That the number of hours constituting a day's work
shall bo the same as shall be usual and customary
in private employments in the vicinity of such navy-
yard.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to have that ques-
tion divided.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You are willing that all
before the proviso shall be agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. Let the last proviso come
by itself.
