1052
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
States bonds and to provide for the circulation
and redemption thereof," approved June 3,
1804,be taken from the Speaker'stable, referred
to the Committee on Banking and Currency,
and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
TEMPORARY LOAN CERTIFICATES.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts,_hy unani-
mous consent, also moved that a bill (S. No.
688) to amend an act entitled "An act to pro-
vide for the redemption of three per cent, tem-
porary loan certificates, and for increase of
national bank notes," approved July 12,1870,
be taken from the Speaker's table, referred
to the Committee on Banking and Currency,
ftpd ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
FEDERAL COURTS PRACTICE.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent,
moved that a bill (S. No. 468) to regulate
criminal practice in the Federal courts be
taken from the Speaker's table, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciai-y, and ordered to
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. These bills have all been
referred, not to be brought back by motions
to reconsider.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Leave of absence was granted to Mr. Platt
for three days, and to Mr. Lyxch till Tuesday
pext,
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Com-
missioner of Patents, in relation to the official
Gazette issued weekly from the Patent Office ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Patents, and ordered to be printed.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. HALE. I now move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to continue the consideration of the
naval appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Blair, of Michigan, in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special
order, being House bill No. 1191, making
a impropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill
from the point at which its consideration was
suspended yesterday, and read as follows;
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
lor support ot the medical department of vessels
in commission, navy-yards, naval stations, Marine
corps, and coast survey, $50,000.
Por necessary repairs of naval laboratory, hospi-
tals, and appendages, including roads, wharves, out-
houses, steam heating apparatus, sidewalks, fences,
garden?, and farms, $25,000.
For pay of the civil establishment under this
bureau: at the hospital at Chelsea, Massachusetts,
$7,782.
At the hospital, New York, $11,336.
Mr, SLOCUM, I move to strike out the
words " at the hospital, New York. $11,836."
I move to strike out that appropriation, for the
purpose of calling the attention of the House
to the spirit in which these appropriations are
made. Members of the House, ss a rule, are
not capable of examining in detail the differ-
ent appropriation bills. ^ We piace confidence
in the committee reporting the bill, and take
their word and act on their judgment. 1 sup-
nose they act on the judgment of the different
Cabinet officers. The Cabinet officers, as a
rule, act on thejudgmenl of t he different bureau
officers. Therefore, in reality, we ate merely
continuing thejudgment of ihe different bureau
officers.
It is ^unfair to judge a bill by any one par-
ticular item. Still, I think it is fairaud proper,
and X think tlie House has a right to judge of
the spirit in which any one bureau officer has
been governed by any particular item of appro-
priation which he has recommended. I have
taken thetroublo to examine into that partic-
ular item, the hospital being located in my
district. I have done it with a view to ascer-
tain what it costs this Government to support
a patient in that hospital. For the purpose
of arriving at a correct conclusion with regard
to that matter I addressed a note to the Secre-
tary of the Navy, asking what was the average
number of patients in the hospital during the
past year, and I hold in my hand his letter in
reply. He says that the average number of
patients in that hospital during the past year
was fifty-five. Now, to take care of these
fifty-five patients, I find that the chief medical
officer of the Navy Department asks appro-
priations for the following : two apothecaries,
one carpenter—and remember that this is to
take care of fifty-five patients—one engineer,
one painter and glazier, one gardener, three
watchmen, two ambulance drivers, one mess-
man, two mess-room attendants, three firemen,
one messenger, four nurses, four laborers, one
laundry-man, one matron, one chief cook, two
assistant cooks, and four washers. This list
embraces merely the helpers.
There is nothing in the bill showing the
staff of medical officers employed. But I
turn to the Navy Register, and find that there
are stationed at that hospital one surgeon with
the rank of commander, two surgeons with the
rank of lieutenant, oue first assistant surgeon
with the rank of lieutenant, two assistant sur-
geons wiih the rank of master; making eight
medical officers and some forty attendants to
take care of a little over fifty patients.
I think the committee will agree with me
that there is no very strong indication of econ-
omy in that estimate. But that is the least
of the matter. This chief medical officer of
the Navy Department estimates the value of
the site of the Brooklyn hospital at $100,000
per acre. The site embraces about ten acres
of land, making the site alone, exclusive of
buildings, worth $1,000,000. But the gentle-
man is not content with that even. He is not
content with having ten acres of land for his
hospital worth $100,000 au acre. He is not
content with eight medical officers and some
forty attendants to take care of fifty-five
patients. But he wants the Government to
keep as a lawn for his hospital §400,000 worth
of land. This is proven by a letter which I
hold in my hand, and which I will ask the
Clerk to read.
The city of Brooklyn recently applied to the
Government for the purchase of tour acres of
swamp land adjoining the hospital, and there
is the reply winch tliey have received from the
Navy Department, which I think illustrates
the economy of the medical branch of that
Department.
Ihe Clerk read as follows:
Navy Department,
Eubeaxi of Medicine and Surgery,
January 27, 1872.
Sir : After a careful personal examination of the
grounds belonging to the naval hospital at Brook-
lyn, New York, with Medical Directors Samuel
Jackson and A. A. Henderson, proposed to be ceded
to the city of Brooklyn, I respectfully report:
These grounds, about four acres in extent, are of
great value, worth about four hundred thousand
dollars, with two large fronts; one ot seventeen hun-
dred leefc on Washington avenue, the other of fuur
hundred and ninety feet on Flushing avenue : and
are immediately in front of the hospital building
and grounds.
If ceded or sold to the city of Brooklyn, these
grounds would soon be covered with buildings, prob-
ably a city market, or manufactories, which would
be a great nuisance to the hospital aud injuiious
to the-sick.
The cost of having the low grounds filled up is
estimated at from one hundred and thirty thousand
to two hundred ihou.sand dofhirs but it ielt open
for wiiat in New York is called a 41 tree dump. " it
would bis speedily filled up without any cost what-
ever. This processuf ti ee liiliug up is now gohtgon.
Whoti filled up and graded it would torui a beautiful
lawn or garden lor tlio u e of tlio hospital, adding
materially to its salubrity and beauty.
I therefore urgently recommend that this valuable
piece of laud should not be sold, but retained as
hospital grounds so long as the United States naval
hospital shall remain where it now stands.
Very respectfully, t J. M. 1- OI.TZ,
tiuryeon General United States auy.
lion. Geo. M. Robeson, Secretary of thsNavv.
Mr. HALE obtained the floor.
Mr. SLOCUM. 1 wanted a couplc of minutes
more in which to explain this matter.
Mr. HALE. I yield the gentleman two of
my five minutes.
Mr. SLOCUM. The House will observe
from that communication that this chief officer
of the medical department upon whom we are
depending, and whoso judgment governs our
actions here in regard to these appropriations,
not only demands to occupy in the heart of
the city of Brooklyn ten acres of land for his
hospital which he estimates as being worth
$100,000 an acre, but he wants four more
acres, valued at the same price. He wants
to keep eight surgeons there and some forty
attendants for the care of fifiy-five sailors.
Now. I contend that it was the duty of the
Secretary of the Navy to look into this matter,
and that it was the duty of the member of the
committee who reported this bill to investi-
gate the matter. If there is any absolute neces-
sity for keeping the sick sailors of our Navy
in the heart of our great cities, it would be a
matter of economy tor us to transfer them to
the Fifth Avenue Hotel, every one of them.
We can provide for them at a less expense if
each sailor had a separate doctor and we sent
the whole party to the Fifth Avenue Hotel,
sailors, doctors, and all, and we should save
$50,000 a year by the operation. Now, it is
the duty of the party in power to correct these
evils. We are spending more money a year
for the support of every sailor kept in this
hospital than it costs here to support a Cabinet
officer, and it is the duty of the members of
the majority here to look into this matter, aud
they will be held responsible by the country
for their neglect to do it.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from New York lias opened a wide field, and
it is a field that when properly before the
House I will join hands with him in. I be-
lieve, as he does, that the Brooklyn navy-yard
and the hospital grounds had better be sold
and the money turned into the Treasury. Mil-
lions of dollars can be obtained from these
grounds and buildings and materials there,
and the amount received by the Treasury would
be so large that it is not counterbalanced by
the necessity for a navy-yard thereat present,
in my view.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Doestliegentleman
desire that the navy-yard at Brooklyn should
be abolished ?
Mr. HALE. I am in favor of selling the
navy-yard at Brookhn.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. And establishing
another one elsewhere?
Mr. HALE. I have not time to yieli for
interruptions. That question is not now before
the committee. There was a bill pending in
the last Congress, which I presume will be
brought forward again either by the gentle-
man Irom Brooklyn, or some other gentleman
in relation to these navy-yards, ami then we
can do it, and it will shut off this source of
expenditure at present upon us. But for the
present that naval hospital is located in Brook-
lyn. and if officers are needed anywhere, I
think no gentleman on this floor will question,
so long as we have a navy-yard to maintain
there, that they are needed. 1 know the gen-
tleman does not mean to be unlaw—ii is not
characteristic of him—yet it is not fait to put
upon this hospital item the expense of all ih.it
aie there under the medical department of ihe
Navy. Of course if you have suigemi-, and
assistant surgeons ranging m different ranks,
Mich as the law provides lor yon must place
them somewhere. This is not the place where
we can cut them off. These men are diawiug
pay. What are we to do with thorn ? What are
we to do with the surgeons and two assistant
