104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Nye.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
A large majority of the people of this nation
met it, and they met it like determined men.
The Republican party has no leader, and
this is a point to which I wish to call the atten-
tion of my friend from Illinois. I do not
acknowledge that my friend from New York,
[Mr. Conklixg,] however well fitted he may
be for that position, is a leader in the Repub-
lican party ; and my ardent and ever-ready
friend from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] who has
laid down his health and almost his life for
this country, will not claim to be a leader.
Who is a leader? My friend from Illinois
would be. That cannot be the cause of his
turning the cold shoulder upon fellowships
that have welded me to him, and me to the
body of the Republican party in such a way as
to never be severed.
Sir, no party since the world began has met
and grappled with such issues as the Repub-
lican party; first in legislation. Ah, how
vividly I remember when the Republican Sen-
ators here were counted bytwo, and when the
bludgeon was the argument of Democracy. I
then made a covenant to fight Democracy till
Democracy should cease to war upon the Con-
stitution and the institutions of our country.
I am going to keep that covenant, and no
allurement can entice me from it. I read in
a paper yesterday that Grant and Nye were to
be beaten. Let it come; and yet there are
tendrils that bind me to the traditions and
history of the Republican party from which
I can never be seveied. I have seen it rise
from that small beginning when my friend
from Massachusetts (and I like to call his
memory back to those endearing associations)
stood like the stripling of Israel battling with
the giant of Gath ; and yet that great giant fell.
You hit him, sir, with the simple sling and
smooth stone of truth, between the two eyes,
and slavery fell.
Sir, what page of Democratic history will
compare with that? For half a century or
more their ears had been assailed with a
request to knock off the fetters of the slave.
They were as deaf as the adder, and would not
listen, charm he never so sweetly. Are my
friends, the Liberal Republicans, going to take
that class into fellowship hereafter? They
will point at your labor for liberty as an evi-
dence of your disgiace. They will point at
your association as an evidence of your shame.
This is the class of people that has been
tried in lite, not only in war but in civil strife,
which was sometimes full as dangerous. This
is the class of people known as the Republican
party that bauded together from all parties
and took an oath that this Government should
be free, and it is. Never have they made
a promise to the confiding people of this coun-
try that has not been fulfilled. The slave
cried for freedom, and we gave it to him. He
asked for bread, and we did not give him a
stone. We fed him in accordance with our
promise at the fountain ever-sweet, the undy-
ing fountain of human liberty. Do my friends,
these Liberal Republicans, expect to take that
from off our escutcheon? Do they expect to
reinstate the black man in his old position?
No; they cannot be so insane.
What cause of offense, then, have you got
with your brethren with whom you have so long
labored that you should seek other affiliations?
My friend from Missouri said he went there to
get universal franchise or something in Mis-
souri. I understood somebody to say that
that was virtually obtained before my friend
got as far hk that. My friend from Illinois says
we are not stepping along fast enough, that he
wants universal amnesty; and so does my
friend (rom Missouri; but thank God my friend
from Massachusetts and I agree upon one
thing: if you take universal amnesty, you have
got to take universal liberty with it. How
does my friend from Massachusetts appear in
this new association? He is in a very uncom-
fortable place. He will be so long getting the
hang of that strange house that his remaining
days of usefulness will be lost. He is too old
to learn new songs now. His step is accus-
tomed to the clear notes of freedom, and it
cannot be hampered to the music of the
shackles." I do not think he will go.
amnesty.
I see that great pains have been taken to
distribute a little saying of mine the other day
that I would not forgive these rebels any way.
But I did not say that. What 1 did say, and
I repeat it, was that I never will forgive one
of them until he asks to be forgiven. If they
have not done mischief enough, if they have
not violated every law, human and divine,
trampling statutes and constitutions under
foot, marching up and invading the temple
of liberty itself, if, after all this, they will not
ask to be forgiven, then I say, remain in your
seclusion, for you deserve it. I stand here to
defend that doctrine. And why ? Sir, some-
times in our goodness we fall into error through
weakness. Forgiveness is the sweetest thing
in the world. 1 have been forgiven, pet haps,
more times than any man of my age. [Laugh-
ter.] You always feelgood when you are for-
given ; and I always asked to be forgiven, and
promised I never would err again. Sometimes
I have not kept that piomise, aud yet I meant
to do so; I was in earnest when I made it.
And if these rebels will come and say now,
"I have sinned in the highest possible form
against this country and her institutions; I
have tried to destroy it, although I had sworn
to support it; I am sorry ; I will never repeat
it," 1 have got a fountain of forgiveness that
will well up in me as large as in the Senator
from Illinois or the Senator from Missouri.
a coincidence.
Sir, there is a wonderful coincidence both
in language and in symptom between the time
that just preceded 1860 and now. I will ask
the Secretary to read a letter which I send to
the desk; and before it is read I call the
especial attention of the Senate to its symp-
toms as indicated then and now.
The Secretary read as follows:
Montgomery, Jane 15,1858.
Dear Sib : Your kind favor of the 15th is received.
I hardly agree with you that a general movement
can be made that will clear out the Augean stables.
If the Democracy were overthrown it would result
in giving place to a greater and hungrier swarm of
flies. The remedy of the South is not in such a pro-
cess ; it is in a diligent organization of her true men
for prompt resistance to the next aggression. It
must come in the nature of things. No national
party can save us; no sectional party can ever do
it; but if we could do as our fathers did, organize
committees of safety all over the cotton States—and
it is oniy in them that we can hope tor an effective
movement—we shall fire the southern heart, instruct
the southern mind, give courage to each other, and
at the proper moment, by one organized, concerted
action, we can precipitate the cotton States into a
revolution.
The idea has been shadowed forth in the South by
Mr. Ruffin has been taken tip and recommended in
the Advertiser under the name of "League of Uni-
ted Southerners," who, keeping up their old pa^ty
relations on all other questions, will hold the south-
ern issue paramount, and will influence parties,
Legislatuies, and statesmen. I have no time to en-
large, but to suggest merely.
W. L. YANCEY.
Xamks S. Slaughter, esq.
Mr. NYE. Now I should like to have what
I send to thedesk read. It is an extract from
a speech made by the honorable Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] and the Senate will
see how exactly he and Yancey diagnose the
condition of things as they stand now.
The Secretary read as follows:
"Now, my fellow-citizens, to my view the future
does not look gloomy even under the losses we have
suffered this summer and autumn, I have no sin-
gle feeling of despondency. It is well understood
that the Republican party contains in itself seeds
of discontent, of bitterness, of rivalry, and disaffec-
tion; but it is natural in these preliminary elections
that those who are against the nomination of Gen-
eral Grant should attempt to hold their position
within their party in order that their influence may
be used against his nomination. I know very well
his nomination will not be deteated; at least that is
my solemn conviction; that he is now dictator in
the Republican partv. that he aspires to be in the
country at large."
Mr. NYrE. Mr. President, I have said that
I oppose amnesty because I see the same
threatening circumstances around me to-day
that I saw foreboding in 1858; and the man-
ner of treatment of Mr. Yancey, and the man-
ner of treatment by the honorable Senator
from Missouri on my left, are so exactly alike
that it seems to me the same disease is yet
present. I would give amnesty to these men
if they would stop persecuting their fellow-
men. Sir, the army of the rebellion was never
more perfectly organized than it is to-day. In
every riding, as they call it there, in every dis-
trict, they have got their frightful Ku Klux
Klan so organized that they go under cover of
night and perpetrate injuries and wrongs that
make the world recoil. And yet my friend
from Missouri says we should give them
amnesty, apologizing for the manner in which
they treat these people because we do not
give them amnesty, when not one of them who
has been amnestied has ever had the grace to
render thanks for our so doing. That is the
reason that I would not vote for amnesty, and
1 never will until they cease persecuting their
fellow-men, and until they return to their true
allegiance: aud the highest evidence of true
allegiance is that they ob'ey the laws of [heir
country.
a characteristic letter.
But, sir, I am not quite through on this point
as to the present animus 'of these people. A
friend of mine has sent me a Democratic paper
from Alabama, edited by a son of the late
President Tyler, in which he goes on to show
how amiable they feel down there now. Speak-
ing of the probability of a war with England,
he says :
"We again repeat our conviction that the entire
South is almost thoroughly united in opposition to
a war not justifiable in principle, and the object of
which would be to tax and bleed the restof the coun-
try for the sake of a tew exaggerated claims of New
England ship-owners. The eleven eontederate States
lost $4,01)0,000,000 oi property by the war. The States
of Delaware, Kentucky, Missouri, Maryland, and
West Virginia, have been deliberately plundered
since the war ended of seven or eight hundred mil-
lions of property. We have not the least intention,
if we can help it, of paying taxes and shedding our
blood in order to make good a black-mail claim of the
Radical Government on account of a few Yankee
ship-owners, who, ten to one, in many instances,
threw themselves in the Alabama's way on the seas
for the purpose of the present speculation. War,
indeed, would be in every business aspect the last
calamity to which the South could be exposed; and
for ourselves, in addition to other reasons, we will
never give a dollar nor a drop of blood voluntarily,
or advise others to do so, to sustain the belligerent
renown of a flag which covers the cruel power of
tyranny and insult cxercised over our people."
There is a young gentleman who wants to
be amnestied. How kindly he talks ! There
is a young gentleman who wants to seek shelter
again under the old stars and stripes, but not
a penny for its defense, not a drop of blood.
That is but a fair index of the leading rebel
organs through the southern States; and when
they get power by my consent or without it,
they have got to wrest it by the point of num-
bers. Who would not join now with these
Liberal Republicans and the Democratic party ?
Who would not sail under that banner? Who
that has borne arms under the flag which this
editor traduces but is anxious to enlist under
his lead ?
will this effokt prevail ?
Mr. President, the Republican party cannot
be overthrown, from the manner of its build-
ing. That party was built in faith. Its keel
was laid in faith. Its every rib and every tim-
ber was placed with the greatest care. Its
