1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
194'9
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. On page 2, after line twenty-seven, I
move to insert " Port Said, $2,000." I will
say that this is no new consulate.
Mr. CHANDLER. That was an omission.
There is no objection to that.
Mr. SPENCER. I think the Senator from
South Carolina has made a mistake as to
where his amendment should come in. In-
stead of being inserted on the second page,
it ought to be placed somewhere else in the
bill. If you place it there you make it a
consulate general. I do not think there- is
any necessity for having a consulate general
there.
Mr. SAWYER. Oh, no. I accept the sugges-
tion of the Senator. There is no other head-
ing of Egypt in the bill. I will move that the
amendment be inserted after the one hundred
and ninety-ninth line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to move an amend-
ment on page 5, line one hundred and nine,
which now reads " Winnepeg, $1,500." I
move to strike out "$1,500" and insert
"$2,000." Thatisa very expensive position.
It is an entirely new and progressive country
there, where expenses are very great, and
where the consul performs not simply the
duties of an ordinary consul, but really minis-
terial duties. He is placed upon the border,
where there are great difficulties and great
conflicts between our own citizens and those
of the adjoining dominion of Manitoba. I
trust that for the reasons I have stated the
Senate will consent to adopt this small amend-
ment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. There are a series of
consuls along that frontier, a dozen perhaps in
all, receiving the same pay, $1,500 u year, and
of course it' you raise the pay of this one you
must raise the pay of all the rest. No reason
can be given for this increase that would not
apply with equal force to every other consul
on that frontier. I hope, therefore, the amend-
ment will not be adopted, unless the Senate
are prepared to go through the whole list and
raise them all.
Mr. RAMSEY. Winnepeg being a new set-
tlement, having considerable relations with
Manitoba, it is more expensive to live there, and
hence there is a reason why the salary of this
consulate should be increased while the others
should not be. I think it is an exceptional
case. However I will leave it to the Senate to
determine.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope it will be.
Mr. SPENCER. If that amendment should
be adopted, there will be no end to the amend-
ments that will be offered to the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Seuator from
Minnesota.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. PATTERSON. I move to amend the
bill on page 6, line one hundred and thirty, by
striking out "$1,500" and inserting " $2,000"
as the salary for the consul at Nantes. This
consulate at Nantes is a very important con-
sulate. We have one of the most accomplished
consuls abroad at this place, and I am informed
he will be obliged to leave because the salary
is not sufficient to support him, though he
lives very economically in that place. It would
certamly be a great misfortune if he should be
called fronn this consulate. He did very great
service during the late Franco-German war,
and was highly complimented by the German
Government for his services to their prisoners.
I hope that this amendment will be adopted.
Mr. SPENCER. I will state that the bill,
as reported, with the amendments of the com-
mittee, is in precise accordance with the recom-
mendations of the State Department.
Mr. PATTERSON. I do not really think
the State Department would object to this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the amendment, and declared that the
noes appeared to have it.
Mr. PATTERSON. This is so important
that 1 ask for a division.
The question being again put, there were
on a division—ayes 10, noes 24; no quorum
voting.
Mr. PATTERSON. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is too late now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No business
can be proceeded with until a quorum is
present.
Mr. SPENCER. I am satisfied there is
much more than a quorum preseut. Senators
did not understand the question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER._ The Chair
is satisfied by a count that there is a quorum
preseut, and business will proceed.
Mr. MORTON. I move to amend the bill
on page 9, line one hundred and ninety-nine,
by increasing the amount, fixed for the salary
of the consul at Jerusalem from $1,500 to
$2,000. I saw a letter some three or four
weeks ago from the consul resident there—it
was not addressed to me, but it was shown
to me—giving an account of the expenses of
living at Jerusalem. It is a costly place to
live in. The services of a consul are required
there. There are a great many Americans
visiting that city every year. I think it is a
matter of simple justice to our consul that his
salary should be increased to at least $2,000 a
year. If it is important for us to have con-
suls at all, let us pay them decently. 1 do not
believe in this thing of having a consul at
Jeiusalem and only paying him a starving sal-
ary, one scarcely sufficient to pay his expenses
there. There is no wisdom in it, and there is
no dignity to the nation in pursuing such a
course.
It is important for us to have a consul at
Jerusalem, and he should be paid a fair salary,
one that will enable him to live comfortably
and to provide for his family, and to do his
duty to the thousands of Americans who visit
there every year. When an Ametican goes
to Jerusalem, not being able to speak the
language, his first inquiry is for the consul,
and he depends upon the consul for any assist-
ance he may require or any intelligence he
may need.
I happen to know of the gentleman who is
now consul at Jerusalem. He is a scholar, a
man of very high education and qualifications.
The statements he made in regard to the cost
of living there were not addressed to me, but
I believe everything he says in regard to them.
The salary should not be a cent less than
$2,500; but I only propose to increase it to
to $2,000.
I do not make these motions for the mere
purpose of interrupting the progress of this
bill, but for the purpose of getting these sala-
ries at what they ought to be. From what we
know about the expenses of living in the East,
especially in Palestine, we can all understand
that $1,500 a year is but a starving salary. I
move to make it $2,000.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose
it is well enough for us to have a consul there :
but consuls are for commercial purposes, and
for commercial purposes we need no consul
whatever at Jerusalem. It is very' proper,
indeed I think that we should have one, on
account of the travel that goes there; and
perhaps the office ought to be filled by a theo-
logical student or by a person desirous of
pursuing biblical studies. That would make
it a pleasant place of residence for a year or
two, and the salary would eke out his travel-
ing expenses; and, as my honorable friend
from New Hampshire [Mr. Patterson] sug-
gests, at the end of his sojourn there, he
should be transferred to the New Jerusalem.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. SPENCER. The duties of the consul
at Jerusalem amount simply to nothing, and
in fact I know of no reason why there should
be any consul there at all. I tliink the salary
is too large as it is.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to add only a few
words to what colleague has so well said in
regard to this consul. I know this gentleman.
He is from the northern part of Indiana—a
highly cultivated gentleman. I venture to say
the Government has no more intelligent, capa-
ble representative abroad filling a consular
office. I do not know what is tbe character
of the duties at Jerusalem, but I am informed
by him that all his time is occupied,'and I am
further informed that the cost of living is so
high that he has been compelled since he has
held that office to draw upon his own private
means for his support. These are the facts as
he writes me, and I have no doubt of their
truth. While we continue to maintain a con-
sul at Jerusalem, we ought not to starve him.
I therefore heartily second the motion of my
colleague to raise his salary from $1,500 to
$2,000.
Mr. CHANDLER. It must be obvious to
every one that there must be but very little
business at this point; there is absolutely no
commerce there; and if any change is to be
made, I think the better one would be to move
to abolish the consulate, as there is no com-
merce at Jerusalem. We all know that there
are any number ot' clergymen in this country
who would be very glad to get the position of
consul to Jerusalem for $1,500 a year. My
friend at my right [Mr. Ramsey] suggests
that, our Saviour did not get so much as that
in His tune; that He did not have even a
place whereon to lay flis head.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator irom
Indiana.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIK IIOUSB.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
2114) granting a pension to Margaret Nyce, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had insisted on its amendment to the bill (S.
No. 7U2) in addition to an act entitled "An
act to amend an act entitled 'An act for the
removal of causes in certain cases from State
courts,' approved July 27, 1866," approved
March 2, 1867, disagreed to by the Senate,
and agreed to the conference asked by the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. John
A. Bingham of Ohio, Mr. Ulysses Mekour of
Pennsylvania, and Mr. Clakksom N. Potteii
ofNew York, managers at the same on its part.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 830) to authorize the restoration
of Gilbert Morton to the naval service; and
it was thereupon signed by the Vice President.
MARGARET NYCE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to make an appeal
to the Senate for a moment. A bill has passed
the House of Representatives to-day, which
now lies on the table here, granting a pension
to Margaret Nyce, the mother of a soldier.
This is her eighty-second birthday, and I hope
under the circumstances the Senate will allow
it to be taken from the table and passed. She
is a very old lady. One of my colleagues
irom the House of Representatives, who is
familiar with the facts, is here anxious for the
passage of the bill. I trust there will be no
objection to taking it up and acting on it now.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R  No.
2114) granting a pension to Margaret Nyce
