1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10SS
surgeons now at the naval hospital at Brooklyn?
They are drawing pay, and may as well be
there doing something, as to be somewhere
else doing nothing. It may be that there are
too many of them, but I say this is not the
place to cut the number down. And it is not
a fair representation. I say again that I do
not think the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Slocum] means to be unfair at all; to say
that all of this medical corps there is inter-
ested and employed simply in attending to the
naval hospital there. Tliey have generally
charge of those interests in the entire navy-
yard ihere.
Now, so far as the staff of laborers, ambu-
lance drivers, and engineers at this hospital
is concerned, I say simply this: an estimate
from that yard was laid before the Commit-
tee on Appropriations for an increased appro-
priation for this purpose. That matter was
inquired into and examined by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and they came to the
conclusion that no such increase should be
granted. They have therefore cut down the
estimate laid before them, and have reported
only the same amount that was appropriated
last year and the year before.
I do not know where anything more could
be taken off safely, or what amount could bo
taken off safely. If the gentleman knows
and will select some item that he believes
the hospital can do without, he can do some-
thing more than I can, for the Committee on
Appropriations have had no opportunity, and
perhaps the gentleman himself has had no
more opportunity to investigate tfiat matter
thoroughly and exactly. But so long as we
have a navy-yaid there undoubtedly we should
have this hospital there, and the expenditure
liete pioposed is not extravagant as compared
with the other yards if you keep it up there
at all.
I do not know that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. 8i.ocu.mJ really means to press his
motion to strike out this entire paragraph, and
leave tins hospital without any appropriation,
as his motion would imply. 1 fully agree with
him in what he has said about the extrava-
gance that is manifested in the desire to get
more land. 1 do not know that we could ever
satisfy them. But we do not propose to give
them any more land, and, as 1 have said, 1 am
in favor of selling all the land there is in Brook-
lyn belonging to the Government and turning
the proceeds into the Treasury.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. 1 believe theproposed amend-
ment is subject to amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. BANKS, I move to amend it by strik-
ing out the last word, in order to have an
opportunity of saying thatiu my opinion there
is no policy so little profitable or so injurious
to the Government as these propositions to sell
its lands. In this very case, if this land is sold,
you will have to purchase other land, and in-
cur all the expenditures in fitting up another
establishment that you have already incurred
in regard to this, in order to make it sui able
for the use of the Government of the United
States. And then when it shall have become
valuable, as it will and ought to become valu-
able, you will have a proposition to sell again.
Thus you make the United States a miserable
speculator in lands, the last of all pursuits in
which the Government should engage. And
that is true of all such propositions. If there
is any land asked for that is not required, of
course I will agree with the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Slocum] that it ought not to
be purchased.
But i nasniuch as a hospital is necessary there,
and as it is supported by charges upon the
seamen, or was when it was established, and
it is for their benefit, and inasmuch as it is in
the neighborhood of a large maritime port,
where it is especially needed, we ought to keep
it up. And even if we could get five or ten
million dollars for this land, there would not
be one dollar of gain to the Government in sell-
ing it. The only organization that has exer-
cised wisdom in this regard is that of the Cath-
olic Church, which sometimes buys, but never
sells. And the Government of the United
States ought to pursue the same course.
Now this land has become valuable, because
it is owned by the United States. Let it stand
so ; it will not add one dollar to the value of
the public property, nor to the value of the
municipal property of the city, of Brooklyn
nor to private property, to sell it; for they
would buy other land somewhere adjacent,
and make that more valuable by the very
fact that the Government owns this. If it
is the desire of the Government to have their
ships constructed in private yards or by con-
tract, I wonld not make any objection. But
it is in the last degree unwise to sell a naval
establishment upon which we have expended
five, ten, or fifteen million dollars, merely
because the land is worth something, and go
somewhere else where we do not want a navy-
yard, and there expend the same or a greater
amount of money, and when that laud has
become valuable sell again and remove some-
where else. I hope this proposition will not
be considered favorably for a moment, for I
am sure it is in the last degree unprofitable
and unwise.
if we want to profit by the experience ol
others on this subject, we have only to turn
to innumerable public institutions which have
been endowed with largo lauded possessions,
to towns and cities in every part of the coun-
try, which for small profit have sold lands not
required at the moment, and have been com-
pelled to purchase again for indispensable pub-
lic uses liif.'ifficient accommodations at fabu-
lous prices. We ought to remember that in
providing for governments the rule of wisdom
is not that of individual and private conduct.
In the case of individuals the horoscope is that
of a few years, or a generation at most; in the
other, it is for a perpetual existence, and never-
ceasing. ever-increasing public necessities.
Mr. SLOCUM. I wish to say one word in
reply to thegentleman from Maine. He thinks
I have exaggerated the number of medical offi-
cers at this hospital. In that he is mistaken.
I omitted entirely from my calculation the
officers in Brooklyn outside the hospital. I
gave only those who are named in the naval
register as stationed there. There are eight
or ten others in Brooklyn besides these.
Mr. HALE. What 1 was claiming was that
I thought the gentleman's remarks did not
convey what was the fact. He seemed to
assume that these medical officers have no
duties except attendance upon this hospital. I
do not think their number was stated wiongly;
I believe the gentleman gave it correctly.
Mr. SLOCUM. I did not mean to charge
at all what the gentleman now states. I in-
cluded in the number stated by me only those
officers engaged in the hospital. There are
others employed in the navy-yard ; and there
are four or live others who appear by the naval
register to be in Brooklyn, but what they are
doing nobody knows. Perhaps they are re-
cruiting for the medical service. I do not
know but, that they are trying to bring in more
doctors, although there is now about one doctor
to every sick man in the Navy. [Laughter.]
Now, I want to say one word in reply to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
He takes the view that because the Govern-
ment owns land in Brooklyn it should retain it.
Well, sir, if he should pursue such a policy as
a business matt, I think he would fail m his
business. The navy-yard and the hospital
were located at Brooklyn when the place was
but a village, when land was worth $103 an j
acre. The land now occupied there by the j
Government has become wonli ;>100,0d0 an
acre ; and 1 cannot understand what argument |
there can be in favor of having the Government I
hold on to land there worth twenty oi> thirty
million dollars simply for the purpose of re-
pairing a lot of vessels and cariug for a few
sick seamen, when one half the interest on
the money would repair all the vessels in tlxo
Navy and take care of all the sick. I know
that such a policy is not what a good business
man would adopt. I know that if I had fifty
sick men to take care of I should not looate
them on Broadway; I should not locate them
in the heart of Brooklyn, where land is worth
$100,000 au acre; and I have too much respect
for the good sense of my friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Banks] to believe that he would
do any such thing.
Mr. BANKS. Certainly not. As an indi-
vidual I should act exactly as the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Slocum] proposes j but
I think that a Government which is to last for
a thousand years should not change the loca 
tion of its institutions on any such reasons,
Mr. SLOCUM. As a government I would
act in the same manner as I should act as an
individual.
Mr. BANKS. Certainly not. The rule is
very different.
,Mr. SLOCUM. What sense can there be
in keeping up that naval hospital at Brooklyn
when the Government can self it and with one
half the interest of the money obtained tako
care of all the sick men iu the Navy ? It is non-
sense to talk about it. The proposition to re?
move the hospital from the heart of Brooklyn
has been recommended over and over again
by one of the predecessors of the present Sec-
retary of the Navy. He has recommended that
the hospital be taken up the North river or
upon the shore of Long Island, where the air
is pure and salubrious, where the patients will
not be brought in contact with the citizens,
where they will not be liable to fpread disease
among our population. For a man to rise on
this floor and oppose such a proposition seems
to me to be absurd. Every contagious dis-
ease from all over the earth is brought to this
hospital, and is liable to be spread through
the great cities of New York and Brrokljn.
Yet the man at the head of that institution,
in order to magnify his own importance, wants
to keep the hospital at its present, location,
retaining for that purpose land which he says
is worth $100,000 an acre. Does any gentle-
man heie claim that that is economy? It
is anything but economy ; it is anything but
common sense.
Mr. BANKS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. N1BLACK. 1 renew the amendment.
Mr. Chairman, these naval hospitals, as is
known to all gentlemen who have given any
attention to the subjtct, are supported by a
percentage withhelu from the wages of the
seamen. The care of sick seamen, therefore,
is not directly a charge upon the Government.
We withhold simply a portion of the wages of
these seamen, and become their trustee for the
proper care of this money; that is, for its being
expended m the proper care and attendance of
this class of people when they are sick. This,
therefore, with us ought to be a purely business
question. How can we best expend this money
tor the benefit of these people for whom we
hold it? l«'or many years we have been build-
ing expensive hospital buildings throughout
the country. Some years ago, neatly twenty
years since, a comparatively handsome build-
ing was erected at Evansville, in my district.
The same thing was done iu many ot the inte-
rior towns and cities of the United States.
Experience soon demonstrated the fact that
the number of sailors to be taken care of
was not very large. Averaging the whole year
they could be moie cheaply boaided at piivate
boarding-houses, or even at hotels, or any-
where eh-e, if you please, than they Could bo
taken care of in these expensive marine hos-
pitals; tor whether or not there are any patients
in these hospitals at any given time, we have
to have all the officers to take care of those
