1872.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
3tT4I
the reconsideration of that measure by which
equal rights in two important respects have
been denied to his constituents. Will lie give
his vote ? I asked him also by his vote or by
his action, or by his influence, to stay final
action on the amnesty bill so that that meas-
ure and equal rights may go hand in hand. It
is no answer to me for him to say that I
have moved civil rights as an amendment
to amnesty. I do not now move it; I do
not now ask the Senator to vote for any
proposition. If he is in earnest for the equal
rights of the colored race, then let him come
forward and insist that amnesty shall not
become a law until those equal rights are
secured. It will be no reply, allow me to say,
that he has voted for a Seuate bill, a piece of
paper which has never seen the other House ;
and that is all the Senator has to show for the
sacrifice he has made.
Now, do not say that I am holding any whip
over him. I am merely stating the simple
truth and calling to him in all sincerity to give
me the opportunity of another vote on that
important measure of sacrifice, and also to
give to the colored people of this country an
opportunity of having their rights go hand in
hand with amnesty. The Senator will not.
He replies by saying that I hold a whip over
him. No, sir, it is no such thing. I only make
to him an appeal in behalf of his own constit-
uents.
Mr. WILSON. I now renew the suggestion
that we take the vote on the resonsideration
at four o'clock. We have agreed to adjourn
until three. Some ot' us have been here nearly
twenty-five hours and we want a few moments
of rest. Let us come here and take the vote
on reconsideration precisely at four o'clock".
We shall then have a full Senate and the
deliberate judgment of the body.
Mr. SUMNER. Verywell; then let it be so.
Mr. LOGAN. Let us vote now.
Mr. POMEROY. I will agree to that if
the Senator from Arkansas isallowedto enter
his moiion to reconsider the amnesty bill.
Mr. SUMNER. That is entered.
Mr. POMEROY. No, it is not entered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
was made to receiving that motion. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts nearest the Chair
[Mr. Wilson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest that by common
consent we take the vote at four o'clock on
the question of reconsideration without debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the proposition ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
agreement cannot be made.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to know if my
motion is entered to reconsider the amnesty
bill?
Mr. CARPENTER. No; I raised the point
of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The point
of order was raised; it cannot be done now.
The question is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin, to take up for consideration the
motion to reconsider the vote on the civil
rights bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Ihopeitwillnotbetakenup.
Mr. CARPENTER. I hope it will.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to ask a
question of order of the Chair. If this motion
prevails and the motion to reconsider is taken
up, will it then be in order for the Senator
from Arkansas to make his motion to recon-
sider the amnesty bill also?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to reconsider the civil rights will lie pending.
Mr. POMEROY. He can at any time, when
he is entitled to the floor, enter his motion to
reconsider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. He can if
there is no pending motion.
Mr. CONKLING. That is m^ question.
This being taken up for consideration, it will
not be in order for the Senator from Arkansas
whenever he gets the floor to enter his motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
so rules if he gets the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He can get the floor on
his motion to take up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
make a ruling upon the point suggested by the
Senator from New York, so that there shall be
no misunderstanding about the ruling of the
permanent occupant of the Chair. He renders
his thanks to the Senator from Michigan for
presiding during the night. A motion to
reconsider is pending on the civil rights bill.
As long as that remains undecided it arrests
the passage of the civil rights bill by this body.
The question of its passage, therefore, remains
undecided. If the motion to reconsider be
taken up, no other proposition can be consid-
ered during its pendency except by unanimous
consent. No Senator can call up a resolution;
no Senator can move to take up a bill; no
Senator can enter a motion to reconsider some
other business transpiring during the last two
days of the session except byunanimous con-
sent. The motion to reconsider, like the
motion to take up a bill, must be mado when
there is no other business pending before the
body, or when the pending business has been
laid on the table to enable a Senator to call up
other business or to enter a motion to recon-
sider. The yeas and nays have been ordered
on the motion to proceed to the considera-
tion of the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the civil rights bill was passed.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to make what they
call in the other House a parliamentary in-
quiry. Does the rule of the House obtain in
this body that if the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table the hill is passed?
The VTCK PRESIDENT. /That incidental
question the Chair heard discussed among
Senators before he resumed his place. If the
Senator would like to have his opinion upon it,
he will state it, because his opinion is clear
upon the question.
The Senate have themselves incidentally
decided this question on an amendment to the
thirtieth rule with regard to appropriation bills.
That amendment reads:
"Any pending amendment to a general appropria-
tion bill may be laid on the table without affecting
the bill."
When an appropriation bill is pending, if an
amendment is proposed and laid on the table, it
is the same as if the amendment had not been
before the Senate; it removes it from the con-
sideration of the Senate. If the Senate, how-
ever, afterward pass that bill and send it to the
other House or to the President, that amend-
ment goes for naught., because it was removed
from the consideration of the Senate. If,
however, the bill remains in the Senate for a
couple of days, any Senator can move to take
from the table that amendment, because the
bill to which it is attached is still in possession
of the body.
A motion to reconsider is pending in this
body. That motion while still remaining
undecided by the Senate suspends the opera-
tion of the vote by which the bill was passed.
A Senator moves to lay that motion to recon-
sider on the table. It is laid on the tabie, it
remains on thetable. The effect of itsuspend-
ing the operation of the passage of the bill is
lost, because it is not before the Senate, and
therefore the bill goes to the President, and he
returns it with his signature. Could a Senator
then move to take from the table a motion to
reconsider? No more than he could move to
take from the table an amendment to an appro-
priation bill after the appropriation bill had
That is an incidental question, how-
Mr. EDMUNDS: I wish to state, in refer-
ence to the opinion of the Chair as to the right
of any Senator to enter a motion to reconsider
not existing unless the table is perfectly clear
of any pending question, that I think that is
contrary to the usage of the Senate and to the
common law here. I believe it has been the
universal construction of the rule, without any
exception that I remember since I have been
here, that any Senator had a right to enter a
motion to reconsider within the time allowed
by the rules. Of course it could not be taken
up until any pending question was disposed
of. Any other construction of the rule in this
body I am sure would be found extremely
inconvenient to the whole of us. If any one
Senator could prevent a motion to reconsider
being entered until every pending question is
disposed of, it would be almost impossible for
any one Senator ever to get the floor to do that
thing, and I think the usage of the Senate has
been the other way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Vermont that by
courtesy, which prevails very largely in this
body, a motion to reconsider unquestionably
is often, in fact generally, entertained during
the pendency of other business; but the Chair
will read from the eleventh rule, which he is
required by his official position to administer in
this body as a judge administers the law; and
this rule has been so rigidly construed by the Sen-
ate that a motion to adjourn over and motions
for a recess have not been allowed to be enter-
tained by the Chair during the pendency of
other business for the sole reason that they
are not specifically named in this rule. -The
eleventh rule reads:
" When a question is under debate, no motion
shall be received"—
The Chair does not know what language
could be more positive than this, that—
*'No motion shall be received but to adjourn; to
proceed to the consideration of executive business;
to lay on thetable; to postpone indefinitely; to
postpone to a day certain; to commit; or to amend;
which several motions shall have precedence in the
order they stand arranged."
Now, if the English language means any-
thing, it says to the Chair that when a "ques-
tion is under debate no motion shall be re-
ceived by him but those named, and the Sen-
ate have so construed this rule that they do
not allow him to entertain a motion for a
recess except by the specific order under
which the Senate is now acting for the remain-
der of this session, although that motion is in
order in the British Parliament when other
questions are under debate,and so of a motion
for adjournment over, except by laying on the
table whatever may be the pending business,
or by obtaining unanimous consent of the
Senate to do it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Idonotappeal from the
decision of the Chair, for so far as I am per-
sonally concerned I do not care which way the
rule is. I am sure that the rule has been con-
strued by universal acquiescence to admit of
the entering of the motion to reconsider, and
I never knew an instance in my short expe-
rience here of six or seven years in which any
business was laid aside in order to entera mo-
tion to reconsider. Of course, however, the
ruling of the Chair will be binding upon the
Senate unless it is appealed from, because it
is taken to be the unanimous voice of the Sen-
ate. I only call attention to it in order that
we may understand hereafter that one single
objection will prevent a motion to reconsider
being entered at any time without disposing of
the pending business and taking it up in reg-
ular order. Of course, whatever the rule is
we must stand by. I only speak of it now so
that it shall not be understood as being a rule
one way to-day and another way to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair en-
deavors always to make his rulings uniform on
all subjects, irrespective of what may be the
particular point on which he rules. The Chair
has no power in the makinf^or amending of
the rules. As he has stated, it is for the Sen-
