1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
105
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Nye.
Senate.
calking was sealed with the best patriot blood
that ever flowed That ship was budded for
immortality, and it will freight all the Repub-
licans and all the Democrats who will behave
themselves properly. It is not easily wrecked.
It was built by skillful hands. My friend from
Massachusetts was its chief architect. He has
put no timber there to decay. He has put no
spikes or rivets in that ship that are made of
materials that will corrode. No, sir; it was
built, I repeat again, for immortality, and it
will ride out all these storms and be in a state
of perfection that will astonish the world cen-
turies to come. On the deck of this party
were laid the Declaration of Independence
and the Constitution of the United States.
They are laid in every timber. They have
been defended by gallant hands and brave
hearts, and let no man lay the unction to his
soul that they are going to desert now. No,
sir ; it is a life soldiership, and when one falls
another drops in till the ranks and lines are
fuller to day than they ever were before.
Stragglers aie not missed, and those who iall
behind wili never reach the goal.
It is an easy thing to overthrow the Demo-
cratic party. Their principles are not eternal.
The doctrines which they have-advocated have
all been reversed by an intelligent people.
But, sir, you cannot overthrow the party
around which cluster all the sympathies of
the oppiessed aud all the judgment of the
•wise.
Sir, there is a wise philosophy in this pres-
ent trial. Let it come. Steel unused will rust.
Principles are sometimes lost through inactiv-
ity. We are never aroused to our danger
until the elements threaten around us. I en-
tertain no fear of the overthrow of this lie-
publican party. It has been piloted by Om-
nipotence itself. The banner it bore has been
divinely sheltered amid the storm and confu-
sion of war, against the treachery of pretended
friends and against the lukewarm in its cause.
"Why was I a Republican? Because the doc-
trines that they espoused were doctrines that
found an echo in every nerve of my system.
What have they done that they should be over-
thrown? In what way have they forfeited their
claims to the support of au enlightened and an
intelligent people? No way whatever. They
have gone on strengthening, and strengthen-
ing, and strengthening until they can slaud out
defiantly to-day against all the combinations
that can be made. Sir, take the old Repub-
lican platform and let it be echoed from the
mountain-side to the plain, and from the plain
back to the mountain, and the people recog-
nize it as the old music to which they have
been accustomed, and they will be led away
with no milder music. They step to freedom,
"while these others are headed xu a doubtlul
direction.
I have said that I think these trials once in
awhile are a benefit. I think so still. We
may miss a man, we may miss many, but I
can tell my honorable friend from Illinois that
should he be fortunate enough to receive the
nomination at Cincinnati, and his other fiietid
from Illinois, (for I know how kindly they all
feel to each other,) should say to these laboring
men, "'I will give up my nomination,'' yet when
my friend has exhausted his entire torce and
army, when the Democrats have been as faith-
less with him as they have been with others,
when he comes to count his host, he will find
it wanting. There is no such thing as deser-
tion known to the Republican party, and though
he or others may secede, yet they will turn
their eyes backward to the green fields aud
iiesh waters 111 which they fed and drank in
the days ot the glory of the Republican party.
POLICY OF THE DEMOCRACY.
Now, Mr. President, we are advised by the
honorable Senator from Missouri farthest from
me of the plot and the game. The game is
for the Democrats to lay low. They ought to
do so. They are not going to take any hand
in this controversy. We do not need them.
They have been nothing but enough to keep
us in motion for the last ten or twelve years.
They are going to lay .low. What for? To
see whether they can get more votes from the
Republican party it' they nominate what they
call a Liberal Republican than they can from
the Liberal Republicans if they have a Demo-
cratic ticket. The world in politics is going
to be satisfied with no such folly. How strange
it must seem for these Liberal Republicans to
think of hurrying to the cold and rigid embrace
of the old Democratic party! Had I time to
refer to his speeches on the civil rights bill
and the adoption of the constitutional amend-
ments, how I could make this Chamber echo
with the eloquent sounds of ray distinguished
friend from Illinois in favor of those measures
which the Democracy all opposed!
A VISION.
Mr. President, just as people think of leav-
ing they always see visions, and I call the
attention of the Senate to a most memorable
instance that occurred in this Hall not many
years ago. A then distinguished Senator from
Wisconsin, whose voice was always melodious,
whose accents were well rounded, gave us the
vision that he saw. That was before the elec-
tion of Grant. He told us here, and it is really
poetry to read it, that he saw upon every hill-
side around him the gathering clans. A dis-
tinguished Seuator from Pennsylvania at the
time saw the same visioir aud gave it to us on
the same day. He saw the host marshaling to
overthrow the Republican party. They mar-
shaled everything, Republican discontents and
Democracy, rebels and rebel sympathizers, and
yet the ranks of the Republican party remained
unbroken; and they will remain so now.
Sound but one note of alarm in the rural
districts of your country; tell them that there
is danger that rebel hands are again to seize
the scepter, and such any army will arise as
will make its numbers heretofore look small.
Sir, I know the people of this nation. I
have been brought up in their midst. I have
shared in their sympathies and in their toils.
I know their heart. 1 have seen it so elo-
quently demonstrated that to doubt would
make me a skeptic. The heart of the people
is and its determination is, that the work com-
menced by the Republican party shall be by
them completed. It will not be left half done.
No, sir; power never will depart from the
Republican party till this reconstruction is
done. Wait a little while, my friend : do not
be in a hurry; the feast for which you longed
is already prepared ; the nominee of the Phil-
adelphia convention will be the next President
of the United States. All the powers of dis-
affection cannot stop it.
THE LAST "WHEREAS."
My friend from Massachusetts wants to
startle us out of our propriety by his where-
ases. The whereases came, and the last
whereas is, "I want to withdraw it;" "whereas
I failed, I now propose to withdraw." Sir,
all these things are understood. You cannot
deceive a people thus educated. They have
cast their auchor upon this Administration
and its light, and there they will ride until the
troubled waters become calm, and they will
ride in safety, too, and the country will be the
chief gainer of all.
ABE WE READY TO SURRENDER ?
Mr. President, are you ready to let go all
the laurels already won in the Republican
ranks? Are you prepared to sever your connec-
tion with that party because, perchance, some
rascal may have stolen? I know how indig-
nantly, sir, [Mr. Akthont iu the chair,] you
would reply. I know the spirit of old Rhode
Island too well. The aroma of the Republican
party increases in fragrauce with its growth.
They have set a stamp upon this Government
that no political power will ever efface. They
took the Constitution and have repaired it
in such a way as to guard every interest.
That is fixed forever. Who would undo that 1
If I had time, which I have not, I would show
you who would undo it. I hold in this book
an account of a vote taken in the other House
on a proposition to declare valid the last three
amendments to the Constitution, and not a
single Democrat voted to have them so de-
clared. There was the test. That was Democ-
racy two, years ago, or a year and a half ago.
ItisDemocracynow. Notone of them crowned
their names with glory by voting '"yea" at all;
but every Democrat who voted voted against
it. Oh, what a warm embrace it must be for
a Republican to go to that iceberg rest of
chilling Democracy! Oh, what a fountain that
never dries they seek 1 So with the amend-
ments themselves; so with every vote which
has put the test to men upon the question of
the principles of freedom or slavery for this
Government, not a vote in favor of liberty has
been cast by them.
I can imagine a case where both my fiiends
from Missouii will be in that Congress in one
branch or the other, and a matter ^hall come
up for discussion involving this question, and
my friend from Missouri farthest from me
[Mr. Blair] will take one of my friend's [Mr.
Schurz's] old speeches here and read to him :
"Do you adhere to that?" "Certainly."
"How are you going to get along?" Well,
we must be liberal; if you will not yield, like
the Chinese in war, my friend nearest me
would say, with his music in front, "If you
do not run I will;" but we must be a great
liberal party, a party that takes in everything
from the red-handed rebel to the Liberal Re-
publican I Now, Mr. President, I do not want
any such kind of associations. If this party
is doomed to go down, let it go. Ifeelagood
deal about that as did old Coffin about his
ship, the Alacrity, when the British passenger
asked him how he was going to save himself
if the ship was lost. Said he, " I was with the
Alacrity when her ribs were laid and I will
stay with her until they are broken," and he
did. I was with the Republican party when
its timbers were laid ; I will stay there, and I
will trust to a just God that the honest dis-
charge of an honest duty to this honest party
will get its reward.
CONCI/CSIOX.
Mr. President, I have occupied more time
than I intended when I started; but I have
occupied no more time than I ought to, because
I think I see the dangers that surround us.
It is the struggle for States. My friend from
Illinois let out the secret when he declared
that no matter who was Governor of a State
that was a Republican, he must "go for him,"
and make him an exile or a felon, from Flor-
ida to Virginia. That game has been played,
and what is it for? It is to get eoutrui of
those States; and when they do the red fires
of rebellion will again burst forth with ter-
rible fury. Their army is organized. They
are well marshaled. They are doing deeds
of death. They keep their hands well in, iu
the shedding of blood. They are using ^ the
lash, and the faggot, and the sword. They
must cease using them. We have promised
protection to the most distant of our subjects,
and they shall liave it. We have passed laws
for their protection, and the President will
enforce them. Turn not. I beseech you. Mr.
President, I beseech Republicans here—it is
too late to beseech Democrats—turn not these
defenseless people over again to the unre-
strained fury of a maddened rebellion.
