2846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27, |
will inquire whether the question shall be put
on all the amendments in gross, or on the
amendments separately?
Mr. POMEROY and others. On all to-
gether.
Mr. CASSERLY. I had no idea, perhaps
without sufficient reason, that the same action
was to be had in regard to this bill as was had
the other evening in regard to the postal code
bill ; but of course I make 110 point.
Mr. COLE. I cannot think of anything in
the amendments that have been agreed to to
which anybody will object.
Mr. CONKLING. The bill will be open in
the Senate to further amendment..
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand that the
body of the bill, as it stood before the amend-
ments of the committee were adopted, will of
course be open to amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion will be put on the amendments in gross.
Mr. SPENCER. I desire to inquire whether
the following amendment to the bill that was
proposed by the Committee on Appropriations
was agreed to or not:
Provided further. That the number of hours con-
stituting a day's work shall be the same as shall be
usual mid customary in private employments in the
vicinity of such navy-yard."
Mr. COLE. Those words were stricken out.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, refused to
insert that proviso.
The amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
still open to amendment.
Mr. COLE. Under the statement which has
already been made, I do not feel at liberty to
move the passage of the bill at this time; but
1 ask that it be passed over informally for the
purpose of proceeding with the Post Office
appropriation bill.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objec-
tion being made to the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from California, the naval appropriation
bill will be passed over informally.
I'OST OFFICE APPROPRIATION Iill-L.
Mr. WINDOM. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 1070) making appropriations for the
service of tlio Post Office Department for the
year ending June 30, 1878.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. ] should like to inquire
how that bill got before the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was taken
up 011 the motion of the Senator from Min-
nesota.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Navy bill was be-
fore the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Navy
bill was laid aside informally to be taken up
hereafter.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am very much opposed
to taking up a new bill at this late hour 011
Saturday afternoon. On Saturday afternoon
nearly every journeyman bricklayer lias a little
more time than on any other day of the week.
Mr. CONKL1NG. The Senator is not a
bricklayer. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASSERLY. That is true; but some-
times I wish I was. [Laughter.] The thing
was done very suddenly; I had just turned
around to speak to the Senator from New
Jersey as to what was done with his motion,
and on my turning my face again to the Chair
I found this bill was up. If it be not too late,
I object to taking it up.
Mr. WINDOM. I suggest to the Senator
that we may read the bill through and facili-
tate its passage somewhat in that way. I do
not presume we can complete it to-day.
Mr. CASSERLY. If we are really to be-
stow any reflection and consideration upon
bills I do not think they ought to be taken up
in this manner, so that they must ot' necessity
be passed without proper reflection and con-
sideration. I have no objection to the mere
reading of the hill, of course.
Mr. WINDOM. It is not expected to pass
the bill; but we thought that we might save
time by reading it through formally.
Mr. COLE. And acting upon such amend-
ments as are not objected to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be read.
The bill having been read as far as line
forty-nine, of section one,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inquire whether it was the understanding
that the Senate would act on the amendments
as they are reached, or only have the bill
read ?
Mr. WINDOM. Those which are not ob-
jected to, T suppose, may be acted on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ If there be
110 objection, the amendments will be acted
011 as they are reached in the reading of the
bill.
The Chief Clerk. ^The first amendment of
the Committee on A*ppropriations is in line
forty-nine of the first section, to strike out
the words " a printed request to return the
letter to the writer," and insert the words
"if not delivered in — days return to ;"
so that the proviso will read :
Provided, That 110 envelope, as furnished by the
Government, shall contain any lithographing or
engraving, and no printing except the words "if
not delivered in — dnys, return to ."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line eighty-three, to strike out " and," and in
line eighty-four, after the word "courts," to
insert " and counsel necessarily employed by
special agents of the Post Office Department,
subject to the approval of the Attorney Gen-
eral;" so as to make the clause read:
For fees to United States attorneys, marshals,
clerks of courts, and counsel necessarily employed
by spccial agents of the Post Office Department, sub-
ject to the approval of the Attorney General, $30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
lines six, seven, and eight, after the words
"payable at," in line six, to strike out the
words "his own or at any other money-order
office, or at any branch post office or station
of his own, or of;" so as to read:
That the postmaster of every city where branch
post offices or stations are established and in opera-
tion subject to his supervision, is hereby authorized,
under the direction of the Postmaster General, to
ibsue, or to cause to be issued, by any of his assist-
ants or clerks in charge of branch post offices or sta-
tions, postal money-orders payable at any other
money-order oliiee, as the remitteis thereof may
direct, tfce.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not understand
awhile ago that votes were to be taken on
these amendments. I understood that the bill
was to be read for the information of the
Senate. There are several very important
amendments in this bill that I think ought
not to be disposed of at this time.
Mr. WINDOM. I do not desire to press a
vote on any amendment that is objected to.
We only desire to have such amendments
acted on as are not objected to. When we
finish the amendments that are not objected
to, I shall not press the bill further to-day,
because the Senate is very thin.
Mr. CASSERLY. Perhaps that obviates
the objection.
Mr. WINDOM. I will state the object of
this amendment if the Senator desires.
Mr. CASSERLY. No, I will not trouble
the Senator. 1 do not care about this amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The fourth
and firth sections of the bill will be read with-
out noticing the amendments.
The Chief Clerk continued and concluded
the reading of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments have been concurred in up to the end
of the third section. The next amendment
of the committee, therefore, will be the propo-
sition to strike out and insert in Ihe fourth
section as printed on pages 0 and i.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment which I am directed to offer by the Com-
mittee on PostOfficesand Post Roads,and have
it referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions and printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be made.
Mr. WINDOM. Is there any objection to the
amendments in the fourth and fifth sections?
None has been disclosed yet. The commit-
tee thought there ought to be none, and we
need not assume that there are objections.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood that the
bill was to be read for information merely. I
didnot understand that any amendment which
was serious in its character and which in the
judgment of any Senator required belter con-
sideration than it could have this afternoon in
such a Senate as we now see about us would
be pressed.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator yield to
me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Undoubtedly.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let us dispose of these
amendments now so far as we can agree to
them, and let the bill be reported to the Sen-
ate. Then, on Monday morning, or whenever
it shall come up again, the question can come
up for separate vote on any amendment that
any Senator may desire to reserve.
Mr. CASSERLY. There is no quorum pres-
ent, I think, and I certainly did not expect
this bill to come up this afternoon. There are
amendments here which commend themselves
to me by their objects, and yet, in my judg-
ment, require a good deal of consideration
and some changes to make them what they
should be.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suggest to the Senator
that the course which I point out will allow
precisely what he desires. Let us dispose of
the bill in committee, then report it to the Sen-
ate, and the Senator himself, myself, or any Sen-
ator who may be absent can have a distinct
question taken on any amendment in the Senate,
and can further propose to amend the bill to
any degree that he may desire. Itwill only save
alittletime. i wiilassume this: that there are
ten amendments here, and that eight of them
nobody will object to. If we dispose of the tea
to-day, and on Monday morning Vhen we take
the bill up some Senator not now present
shall desire to discuss the two other proposi-
tions or even some of the eight we have agreed
to, he can do it, but we shall save so much time
as would be taken up in acting upon all as to
which there was no disagreement. I cannot
see any objection to that course.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think the better way
would be to have it understood that section
four shall not be acted on in committee ex-
cept with a reservation of everything that is
done, and section five, I think, is probably of
sufficient general importance to make it fall
within the same category.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The VTCE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Texas moves that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask the Senator from
Texas to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Certainty.
Mr. WINDOM I believe we have agreed
to all the amendments reported to this bill,
except those in sections four and five. I think
there probably will be no objection to acting
upon the amendment in section five; but it
any Senator desires to reserve that, we might
pass upon the rest of the bill before adjourn-
ing. I am willing that section four, granting
subsidies to steamships, should be reserved.
Mr. COLE. I do not feel it necessary to
reserve the-amendments in that section.
