1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
hospitals that they would have if they werefilled
with patients. Ascertaining that this was but
an extravagant expenditure of the money of
these people, after some years it was provided
that all the smaller hospitals throughout the
country should be sold, and they have accord-
ingly all been sold.
The Secretary of the Navy, who appeared
before the Committee on Appropriations, with
others, in regard to expenditures for which
his Department is more particularly respons-
ible, made a statement (and I think I violate
no confidence in repeating it) that it would be
better economy for the Government if every
• naval hospital in the country were hnrned
down and we were left to take care of these
sailors who were sick in temporary buildings,
which is the case in reference to Army hos-
pitals, or in boarding them out in private
boarding-houses. In a very few years these
buildings become undesirable by being filled
with persons with contagious diseases, and the
Government cannot afford to burn them down
as it could if they were merely temporary
buildings, and it has, therefore, to appropriate
money for the purpose of purifying and reno-
vating them. I look, Mr. Chairman, to the
time when we will change our whole policy in
reference to the disposition of these buildings.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. POTTER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, that I
may say that the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Hai.eJ has shown great ingenuity in meeting
this charge of extravagance, illustrated by the
provision of forty-five employes to take care
of fifty-five patients, by raising a discussion
in respect to the sale of certain Government
lands, in which discussion we seem to have lost
sight of the original objection made by my
colleague, [Mr.SLocuM.] The gentleman from
Maine says he entirely agrees with my col-
league that the navy-yard ought to be removed
from Brooklyn, and ihe Government grounds
there sold. In view of his relations to the
Government and to the Navy Department, I
desire to say that when the proposition forthe
removal of the Brooklyn navy yard was before
this House in the last Congress a commission
was appointed to inquire whether the navy-
yard ought, in the interest of the Government,,
to be removed from Brooklyn at all, for there
were many persons well informed on the sub-
ject who thought the great port of New York
could not be so well served in defense by a
navy-yard at any other point as by one at
Brooklyn. In case they found it ought to be
removed from Brooklyn at. all this commis-
sion was further to inquire and report to Con-
gress at what point in the immediate vicinity
ot' New York or elsewhere it ought for the
protection of that city to be erected. That
subject is still before that commission, and,
so far as 1 am aware, they have never made
any report on it 
Mr. HALE. Have they ever acted at all?
Mr. PO ITER. I am not able myself to
answer whether they have ever acted at all,
and I will yield to my colleague from the
Brooklyn district to answer.
Mr. SLOCUM. The House passed the reso-
lution creating the commission, and that reso-
lution is now pending in the Senate, but
Senator Conkling seems to keep it as if he
were unwilling to have the investigation.
Mr. POTTER. The resolution I referred
to was passed in the Forty-First Congress,
but it seems it eould not have been acted
under, and that a like joinjt resolution passed
the House in this Congress, which resolution
is still pending before the Senate. Now, sir, if
that committee be appointed, when its report
.s made here, then the subject of the removal
of the Brooklyn navy-yard can be properly
considered. In the mean time, the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Hale] says that the navy-
yard ought to be removed from Brooklyn. I
wish to say that if that should be found to be
so I am confident it will also be found that
if this navy-yard is removed from Brooklyn
it should be established at some point in
the immediate vicinity of New York, because,
after a careful examination of the subject,
I am firmly convinced that that great city
for its proper protection requires a navy-yard
in its immediate neighborhood.
Mr. HALE. I hope the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Slocum] will now withdraw
his amendment.
Mr. SLOCUM. I merely offered the amend-
ment with the view of bringing before the House
the extravagance of the medical officer and his
ideas of economy. I now withdraw it.
The Clerk read as follows:
At the naval station, Mound City, Illinois, $1,480.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out that
appropriation. My main object in making that
motion is to ascertain—and I presume the in-
formation will be cheerfully granted by the
gentleman who has reported this bill from the
Committee on Appropriations—the object of
the Government in keeping up a naval station
at Mound City. I heard it said some years
ago that the object of having a naval station
at that point was in order to have at some
convenient point a fresh-water station for the
storing of irou-clad vessels, which require to
be kept in fresh water. But it seems to me
that that reason no longer exists, inasmuch as
the most of those vessels have been disposed
of. Those that have not been disposed of.
I suppose, have been taken to the navy-yard
in Philadelphia, where they can be properly
taken care of.
I do not know and I have never heard of
any particular reason why this naval station
should be kept up. It is distant some two
thousand miles from the sea-board, and I have
understood for years past that there is no pub-
lic necessity for it. We have got an unusual
number of navv-yards for a nation with a Navy
such as ours, and for maintaining them we are
incurring a very extraordinary expense. I
find that the personnel in these navy-yards—
eight in number—costs in the aggregate the
enormous sum of $'271,000. We have cer-
tainly more of such establishments than other
nations having a great deal more of naval
power. Not even the Government of Great
Britain, with her enormous navy, requires such
a widespread system of navy-yards as we have,
and they seem to have been kept up for no
other purpose in the world than for the em-
ployment in various parts of the country of a
body of gentlemen at very handsome salaries.
Everybody knows that three navy-yards on
the Atlantic sea-board and one on the Pacific
are all that are required. Yet we are keeping
up now, when our Navy amounts practically
to nothing, four unnecessary navy-yards at an
expense for the personnel alone—that is, of the
persons there employed—of at least 8125,000.
I find that on an average the civil establish-
ments of each of these navy-yards costs the
sum of $26,880'.
Now, sir, at this period when there is a cry
for retrenchment and enCQnomy, when we
have before us a measure looking to a reform
in the civil service by diminishing the number
of persons in the employment of the Govern-
ment, it seems to me very remarkable that this
bill should be reported again to the House,
the old stereotyped bill, with the old stereo-
typed appropriations, when there can bo no
publie reason for it. What is the use of talk-
ing about civil service reform, and what is the
use of the national Executive urging it upon !
the attention of Congress, if the old stereo- '
typed bills are still to come before us, making |
provision for the same civil employes year !
after year?
Mr. HALE. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman
from Jndiana [Mr. Holjian] and the commit-
tee will bear in mind that the .appropriation
here for the naval station at Mound City,
Illinois, an interior point, is in no degreo like
the appropirations for other navy-vards. The
appropriations for the different navy-yards
range from fifty to one hundred thousand dol-
lars for each, because they are navy-yards.
Here is a small appropriation of SI,400 for
this station at Mouud City, a station growing
out of the necessities of the war. The Gov*
eminent property is there. It is to be looked
after and taken care of, and somebody ia
needed to do it until the gentleman from
Indiana shall introduce a bill repealing the
act establishing this naval station tbere. So
long as there is a station there, and the Gov-
ernment property is kept there, and the law is
not repealed, it needs to be cared for, and it
needs some little expense to take care of it.
This expenditure of §1,400 is a mere bagatelle
compared to what is given to other yards.
That is the explanation I give to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, and that is the entire
explanation as to why this item is there.
It seems an anomaly that there should be
a naval station there ; but gentlemen whose
memories go back to the events of the war
remember how for a time the attention of the
nation was fixed upon the great rivers of the
West and the necessity of their protection, and
how needful it was thata naval station of some
kind should be established. Mound City grew
out of that, and it is continued from year to
year because the law establishing the station
has not been repealed. I do not know that it
could be run for iess money than §1,400. That
amount is simply for the purpose of taking care
of the property there, and as the gentleman
knows, of coursc, this is nothing like t.,e estab-
lishments at other navy-yards. That is the
reason why the amount of the appropriation is
so small, and why it is here at all.
Mr. HOLMAN. For the purpose of saying
a few words I move to strike out the last word.
I understand, then, that the only object in
fitdng up this naval station at Mound City and
appropriating fourteen hundred and odd dol-
lars for that purpose, which of course is a mere
bagatelle, is that there is some Government
property there which needs to be cared for. It
is not a naval station and the Government has-'
no use for it, and has not had for six years.
Sir, there is no need of appropriating a dollar
for the care of the public property tbere.
There are five^ other similar establishments
that can be easily reached, and this property
can be transported there.
Mr. HALE. You cannot transport this kind
of material. It has to he sold, and it requires
an act of Congress to authorize its sale. I
think it ought to be sold.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman intend
to report a bill providing for the sale of this
worthless material which will never be used
by the Government again? I desire to inquire
why year after year we make these appropri-
ations when there is no public reason for them,
and when a bill to dispose of this worthless
material would be passed by the House in one
hour? These amounts, which appear to be a
mere bagatelle, really amount to hundreds of
millions of dollars.
mess ag 10 from the senate.
Here the Committee of the Whole rose in-
formally ; and Mr. Mayxabd having taken the
chair as Speaker pro tempore, a message from
the Senate, by Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks,
announced that the Senate had passed the bill
(LI. II. No. 1417) for the relief of George W.
Morse, with amendments, in which he. was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested :
A bill (S. No. 024) confirming and extend-
ing a, patent right to Levi W. Pond and Eau
Claire Lumber Company ;
A bill (S. No. 643) declaring the Blue Earth
