106
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 26,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Frelinghuysen.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents.
SPEECH OF HON. F. T. FRELINGHUYSEN,
OF NEW JERSEY,
In the Senate of the United States,
February 26, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the reso-
lution in relation to the sales of arms to French
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN said:
Mr. President: If not out of order, I de-
sire briefly and also concisely to submit a few
observalions in reference to the important
resolution pending before the Senate.
An investigation is asked on two grounds :
First, because of fraud charged against emi-
nent American officers. The charge of fraud
is attempted to be sustained by two specifica-
tions :
First, that the accounts of the Secretary of
War for the amount of arms sold and the
accounts of the Secretary of the Treasury for
the amount of money received for the sale
of arms during the fiscal year 1870-71
show a difference of §1,700,000. In which
account the error is alleged does not appear.
That specification has been fully considered;
the books have been estimated ; the vouchers
produced; the explanation of the Secretary
of the Treasury has been heard; the report
of that Secretary has been publicly examined ;
and it was proven to the entire satisfaction of
the Senate that there is no such difference in
the account of arras sold and of money received
as alleged, and those making the allegations
retired silently from the contest.
The other specification under the charge of
fraud against American officials is the alleged
difference existing between the accounts of
the French Government for the money by them
paid for arms and the amount our Government
received for what are reported to be the same
arms. It has been most clearly shown that
there is no just connection between these ac-
counts: that the French Government bought
of merchants at such prices as they were able,
while we sold in open market to the highest
bidder.
It is on these two specifications that the charge
was made that American officials participated
and took an undue part in these purchases.
The foundation of the chatge of fraud is gone,
but I am sorry to say that the charge still re
mains. The persons implicated in the grave
charge of peculation are the Secretary of War
and his subordinates and the Secretary of the
Treasury and his Department. This charge
lias been heralded by the press to forty million
people throughout the country. Does any one
imagine that these gentlemen, high in position,
do not keenly feel, that they are not deeply hurt,
by a charge of such a character being made in
the American Senate against them ? U is true
they are silent. Brave men are always uilent
when they are even unjustly injured in ihe
discharge of duty.
The marked lineament, sir, of a just man, as
the portraiture is drawn by a hand that paints
with no human skill, is that he taketh not up
a reproach against his neighbor. And if, by
mistake, by want of information, or by being
tempted by an undue zeal, that in its search for
guilt cannot recognize innocence, this reproach
has been taken up, it is, permit me to say, but
the part of magnanimity that it be laid down
by those who have presented and flaunted it
before the nation, as publicly and openly
as it has been promulgated.
It would require no superior magnanimity
for a maiMvho, in the metropolis of the Pacific,
should make a charge against one prominent
in the Government, to traverse the wastes of
the continent that, if needs be, he might stand
here at the Capitol and make the recantation
and reparation that the allegation demanded.
And I confess, after what has occurred, after
the charge of fraud had been fully disproven ;
after he had in debate on this point been
silenced, I am sorry that the Senator from
Missouri should, in his second and more recent
speech, have repeated it.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the Senator from New
Jersey, if I may interrupt him 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the Senator say that
the charge has been disproven?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly I said
it had been disproved.
Mr. SCHU RZ. What charge of fraud does
the Senator from New Jersey refer to?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have stated,
sir, and do not propose now to repeat.
Mr. SCHURZ. In my opinion there is no
charge of fraud, as far as a charge has been
made, that has been disproved.
Mr. E'RELINGHUYSBN. Idonotsubmit
to be interrupted for the purpose of the Sena-
tor from Missouri stating his opinion. It was
his opinion that I was considering. I submit
that it has been entirely disproved by the vouch-
ers, by the books, by the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. I submit that the Sen-
ator from Vermont, with the report of the
Treasury in his hand, silenced the Senator
from Missouri on that very question. I sub-
mit that in the whole argument of the Senator
from Missouri he did not rally upon that point,
but contented himself with putting the bold
charge of fraud in his recent speech without
one argument to sustain it.
Mr. SCHURZ. If I may interrupt the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, does he refer to what
was called the discrepancy between the War
Department and the Treasury Department?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN.' I do.
Mr. SCHURZ. Then I did not understand
him. I never made that charge, so that it
could not be disproved as to me.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There are a
great many things done that the Senator from
Missouri does not do. That charge is made in
the resolution, and the investigation is asked
on the strength of thatcharge, and the Senator
supported it if he did not make it. I do not
understand with what propriety, when the very
charge upon which the investigation is asked
is disproved, so that the promoters of the reso-
lution are silent, it is again repeated in the more
recent speech of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President  '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from New Jersey yield?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the Senator from New
Jersey say that in my speech I reiterated the
charge with regard to the discrepancy between
the Treasury and War Departments?
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is a dis-
tinct charge made in the resolution that there
is a discrepancy between the accounts of the
Secretary of War and the Secretary of the
Treasury of SI.700,000, and that alleged dis-
crepancy is clearly proven not to exist; and the
Senator from Missouri in his "speech says that
there are large abstractions from the Treasury
which demand this investigation.
Mr. SCHUllZ. Let us see where it is.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I refer to the
Globe. The Senator divided his speech into
three heads, the third of which relates to
fraud, and reads thus:
" I now proceed with the third question to be dis-
cussed : is there in these facts any reason to be found
to justify suspicion as to the corrupt character of
these transactions?"
And then, after going over various reasons
why investigation should be had, the fact that
General Dyer gave a letter commending the
arms as serviceable, &c., to Belknap, which
letter was to be sent to the Remingtons, he
adds these words:
"And now is to be added to theso the mysterious
disappearance of large sums of money. I ask you
again is there still anyone who will assert that in
this whole case there is noground oi suspicion which
would justify the most searching inquiry?"
The charge made in this speech is that there
has been "the mysterious disappearance of
large sums of money."
Mr. SCHURZ. I am sure the Senator from
New Jersey does not desire to misrepresent
me; and not. doing so, he will remember that
when I first spoke upon this subject there was
some conversation between myself and the
Senator from Vermont; that I then said that
to my mind the apparent discrepancy between
the War Department and the Treasury Depart-
ment had disappeared; and when I spoke of
the mysterious disappearance of large sums
of money, I meant nothing but this, that there
was a much larger sum paid by France than
was received by this Government, the com-
mission of Mr. Remington being known, and
being inconsiderable in the aggregate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Then, Mr. Presi-
dent, the Senatoi from Missouri puts hiscliarge
upon a weaker ground than I had anticipated.
I did not suppose that he would take that horn
of the dilemma. He had better have clung to
the other. What is the charge now? This
Government sells in an open market to the
highest bidder; sells them, if you please, for
seven dollars an arm. Then the purchaser
sells them to France for such price as he can
get, say ten dollars an arm. And the Senator
from Missouri tells us that there is ground to
suspect fraud because of the difference be-
tween the amount the French Government
paid and the amount we received.
Mr. SCHURZ. I do not want to make
myself disagreeable to the Senator from New
Jersey by interrupting him ; but I should like
to interpose a remark here. I do not know
whether the Senator from New Jersey is as
well acquainted with the-facts as it would be
desirable under present circumstances. Then
he would know that the lots of arms which
were sold here were accounted for by Reming-
ton to the French Government at almost ex-
actly the same rates as to the price per piece
that they were accounted for here at the War
Department, and that therefore if large sums'
of money were lost they were not lost by flow-
ing into the pockets of intermediate agents
apparently, but were lost in some mysterious
way, which I said several times it would be
one of the objects of the inquiry to find out.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Well, Mr. Pres-
ident, it so happens that all the arms that
France bought did not come from the Reming-
tons. And it is very clear that we have noth-
ing to do with the accounts of France. It is
the greatest of absurdities to say that a grave
suspicion exists against the Secretary of the
Treasury or the Secretary of War because their
accounts do not tally with what may have been
charged, justly or unjustly, to the French Gov-
ernment for the arms. I believe that the
Senator from Massachusetts before he submits
this question to the Senate will frankly state,
in accordance with his known magnanimity,
whether these charges against the Secretary of
War and the Secretary of the Treasury are
still insisted on. It is the right of the humblest
to be informed what is the charge against
him.
I suppose that the Senate are satisfied that
so far as this investigation is asked on the
ground of fraud its foundation has disap-
peared; And now an investigationisdemanded
on the ground that by reason of the incidents
attending this sale of arms " the good name
of the American Government is seriously com-
