$U2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
ate when they find' a rule ton rigid to amend
or modify it; but the Chair is called upon to
construe its language. If the motion to recon-
sider, is "amotion," then the eleventh rule
says that the Chair shall not receive a motion
while another subject is under debate, except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to lay the pend-
ing motion on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not called
up. It must first be taken up.
Air. CARPENTER. I withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to say one word
in reply to what the Senator from Vermont
said about this motion to reconsider. I think
the usage of the Senate has been to allow any
one to enter a motion to reconsider. That is
done by that kind of courtesy that obtains
here, by which we introduce bills every morn-
ing without having given one day's notice.
Under the rule, if anybody wished to enforce
it, we must give one day's notice of the inten-
tion to introduce a bill. We have been in the
habit of allowing, by the general courtesy of
the Senate, after a' bill has passed, any one
to move at any time to reconsider ; that is, to
enter the motion so as to hold the bill; but
we have never understood it to be the rule of
the body if anybody objected to it. I have no
doubt that the decision of the Chair is entirely
correct. If anybody objects to it, it cannot be
done. It is that sort of courtesy by which we
read newspapers sometimes. Not frequently,
but occasionally, a member of the Senaie will
read a newspaper here in violation of the rule.
[Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. I do not object to the
ruling of the Chair on that point. I dissent
from one remark of the Chair if I understood
it. When a bill has passed both Houses of
Congress and a motion 10 reconsider is entered,
and that motion is laid on the table, the bill
can go immediately to the President, because
there is no rule allowing us to have two days
in which to enter a motion to reconsider; but
in the case of a bill that has passed only one
Hougte, where we have an explicit rule that we
may have two days to reconsider, and amotion
to reconsider is made, and that motion is laid
on the table, that does not conclude the ques-
tion. You may renew that motion at any time
within the two days, because wo may proceed to
the table at any time within those two days
and take up that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Wisconsin,
to proceed to the consideration of the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the civil rights
hill was passed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—-yeas 83, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Bayard, B'air, Caldwell, Cameron,
Carpenter, Casserly, Colo, Cooper, Corbett, Crr.gin,
3>avis of West Virginia, Ferry ot Michigan, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of .Maryland, Harlan, Hill,
Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis. Logan, Morton.
Norwood, Ramsey. Hansom, Robertson, Sawyer,
Scott, Stevenson, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and
V inkers—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Clayton, Conkling, Ed-
munds, Flanagan, Frclinghuysen, Gilbert, ltowe,
Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Piatt,
Spenoer, Sprague, Sumner, and Windom—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Boreman,
Erownlow, Buckingham, Chandler, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Oshorn,
Patterson, llice. Salisbury, Schurz. Sherman, Stew-
art, Stockton, West, Wilson, and Wright—24.
So the motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
reconsider is now before the Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to lay the
pending motion on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. I rise to a question. I
understand that this is a Senate bill, not
having passed both Houses. Now, if this
motion is laid on the table, any Senator under
our rules has two days within which to move
a reconsideration1, and I ask whethpr within
those two days we cannot proceed to recon-
sider this bill if this motion is laid on the
table now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator that by the parliamentary
law the effect of an undecided motion to re-
consider, a pending motion to reconsider, in
the language of parliamentary law, is to arrest
that vote proposed to be reconsidered. While
it remains pending it affects the vote proposed
to be reconsidered. But if the motion to re-
consider is laid on the table, in the opinion
of the Chair it is not pending any more than
an amendment to an appropriation- bill is
pending if it is laid on the table; and there-
fore if it is laid on the table it does not affect
or suspend the vote by which the Senate
passed the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. Then I will ask, is there
any parliamentary law against renewing the
motion within the two days, making a new
motion within that time? Under our procedure
laying on the table is a mere temporary opera-
tion, to dispense with the consideration of the
matter for the time being.
Mr. STEVENSON. I rise to a point of
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky will state his point of order.
Mr. POMEROY. I have a point which
must be first decided.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Chair has decided
your point.
, Mr. POMEROY. I have got another one
up now.
Mr. STEVENSON. State it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas will state his second point of
order.
Mr. POMEROY. My point is whether, if
this motion be laid on the table, another
motion of the same sort cannot be made within
the two (lavs allowed for reconsideration ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that it is not his habit to decide what can
be done in regard to other matters ; he decides
the pending question. He has decided that
question, that if the motion to reconsider is
laid upon the table it is no more pending than
an amendment to an appropriation bill which
has been laid on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not arrest the
pending bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. From that decision I
appeal to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont appeals from the decision of
the Chair, and the question is, Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the Senate?
Mr. THURMAN. There is a motion 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought I bad the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio rose to make an inquiry.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to know whether
there is any question from which the Senator
can appeal ? A motion is made to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table. What will
be the effect of that motion, if adopted, is not
now before the Senate, except by mere parlia-
mentary inquiry of the Chair. There is neth-
ing to appeal from.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the Senator has had
his turn in making his speech while I have the
floor, I will say what I was going to say, and
that was that if there is any decision of
the Chair, then I take it I have a right to ap-
peal, and the Chair having given an opinion
I appeal from it, of course with all respect, in
order that the sense of the Senate may be
authoritatively taken upon the question, which
is of great importance. I may be entirely
wrong, but unhappily my recollection is that
we have had these motions to reconsider on
the table from year to year here, and having
the name, perhaps, of unanimous consent, as
it seems that is all we ever do here now, hang-
ing up the proceedings. Of course it is of
great importance to us on all bills, this with
others, to know in the authoritative judgme-ct
of the Senate what is the effect of laying a
motion to reconsider on the table. Hitherto,
I have no hesitation in saying. I believe the
effect has been in this body to hold the bill or
other proposition in respect to which the mo-
tion was made, for the reason that the laying
of the bill itself on the table is not a disposi-
tion of it by us any more than postponing it
until to-morrow. It is really laying it on the
Vice President's table.
We have no Clerk's table, so to speak, as
they have in the House. It is the table for
action and not the table for oblivion and death.
That being the case, I think I am safe in saying
that it has been the universal practice here to
table a motion to reconsider, not in order to
separate it from the bill or the qupstion, but iu
order to hold it for consideration with the
measure at any time when it was convenient
for the Senate to do so. That being my belief
and whatever the history may have been, it
being of great importance that we should know
for all cases what the law is, I respectfully
appeal from the decision of the Chair in order
to have a vote of the Senate upon it by yeas
and navs.
The "VICE PRESIDENT. Prom the de-
cision of the Chair the Senator from Vermont
appeals, and the question is, Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
Senate ? on which he demands the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to know if there
has been any decision from which there could
be an appeal. What is the state of the case?
The Senator from Wisconsin moved to lay a
certain motion on the table. A parliamentary
inquiry was made of the Chair as to what
would be the effect of that motion to lay on
the table being carried. The Presiding Officer
gave his opinion. As that was simply an
opinion, and not a decision upon any point
that is before the Senate, how can there be an
appeal from that ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
disposed, whenever any Senator dissents from
his decision, to submit the question to the Sen-
ate, so that they shall not be trammeled by his
decisions. The Senator from Vermont a few
moments ago challenged the decision of the
Chair in regard to the eleventh rule on the
right to enter a motion to reconsider. It was
not, however, in a condition then to be appealed
from. The Chair nowdecides upon the motion
to lay on the table a motion to reconsider, that
that motion is in order. The Chair thinks
there is no doubt about that. That is the
exact position of the Chair. But the Senator
from Kansas and the Senate desired to know,
and the Chair by unanimous consent, after first
asking it of the Senate, stated what was in his
opinion the effect of laying on the table the
motion to reconsider would be, assimilating
it to a proposition familiar to all the Senate,
that is, to an amendment to an appropriation
bill, which by a specific rule can be laid on the
table, and the bill goes on; and if the bill is
passed the amendmentisnotregarded as pend-
ing or having any vitality. The Chair, there-
fore, decides that by that assimilation and by
the usual parliamentary law, the motion to
reconsider could not be regarded as pending
if it were laid on the table, and not being
pending it does not ariest the execution of
the order, that is, the passage of the bill. If
he decided otherwise, a Senator, by moving
to reconsider upon a question involving large
debate, would hold the Senate for a long time
before they finally decided the question, a
motion to lay on the table having no vitality
or effect whatever, and if laid on the table by
the person moving to reconsider, it would
hold it in precisely the same way as if he had
a motion to reconsider pending.
Mr. POMEROY. The Chair omitted to
decide the other point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did
