1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'2847
Mr. WINDOM. I shall not press the res-
ervation after the statement I made to the
Senator from California in the outset if he
does not wish them excepted.
Mr. CASSERLY. _ I think in this condition
of the Senate it would probably prevent dis-
satisfaction if amendments so important were
not disposed of this afternoon.
Mr. SAWYER submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. R. No.
10"0) making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department for the year
ending June 30, 1873; which was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WEST. I ask leave to report from the
Committee on Appropriations an amendment
to the Post Office appropriation bill relating to
the steamship service between Mew Orleans
and ports in the Gulf of Mexico aud Austra-
lian service, for future consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment will be received and printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I yield to the Senator
from Massachusetts.
george c. iiaynie.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to say that the other
day when the Military Committee had a day
one small matter was overlooked. The com-
mittee reported that bill this morning and
hoped to put it on its passage, but it was ob-
jected to by the Senator from Tennessee, who
had failed to get abill through. I now ask that
the bill be taken up. It is the bill (H. R. No.
206) for the relief of George C. Haynie.
By unanimous consent, the motion was agreed
to; and the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to consider the bill (H. R.
No. 206) for the relief of George C. Haynie.
It directs the Paymaster General to pay to
George C. Haynie, late captain of company
A, second regiment North Carolina mounted
infantry, out of any money appropriated for
the pay of the Army, the full pay and allow-
ances of a captain of infantry, from the 15th
of September, 1863, to the 16th of August,
1865.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
THOMAS HUGHES.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the Senator from
Nebraska to yield to me to call up a similar
bill reported from the same committee.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Very well.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask consent to consider
the bill (S. No. 548) for the relief of Thomas
Hughes.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
thehill, which proposes to require the account-
ing officers of the proper Departments to settle
and pay to late Lieutenant Thomas Hughes,
regimental quartermaster of the twenty-eighth
Iowa volunteer infantry, who appears to have
been mustered out of service nominally on
the 1st of June, 1865, by general order No.
82, current series, War Department, but who
actually performed service under the order of
Colonel Bonneville, commandant at Benton
barracks, until the 8th of July, 1865, his full
pay and perquisites for all the time he actually
served, whether he was legally bound to per-
form such service or not.
The bill was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for s.
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
deficiency appropriation hill.
Mr. COLE. The Post Office appropriation
bill is now the business before the Senate, as I
understand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
_ Mr. COLE. I move that it be laid aside
informally, and that we take up the deficiency
appropriation bill so as to leave it the unfin-
ished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Post Office appropriation bill
will be passed over, and the Senate resumes
the consideration of the deficiency bill. The
Chair was absent, but he sees on the bill a
memorandum of the Secretary that the vote is
to be taken at two o'clock on Monday.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I renew the motion
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion wa§ agreed to; and (at four
o'clock p. m.) the^Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, April 27, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butlek, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
daily hour op meeting.
Mr. DAWES. If there be no objection, I
would like to renew my motion that on and
after Monday next the House meet at eleven
o'clock.
The SPEAKER. If there he no objection,
that order will be made.
There being no objection, it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the order was made ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
personal explanation.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask perhaps only five
minutes, but certainly not more than ten, to
make a statement of a somewhat personal
character.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
leave will be granted. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I do not
seek the floor to refer to the action of the
House in its recent legislation „with regard to
Goat Island, or to make any argument upon
that proposition. I will say that during my
service for a number of years in this House, I
have never before risen to a personal explana-
tion except in one instance, when I spoke for
a committee, and at its request, with reference
to some business which was then before it. I
do so now because certain dispatches which
have been sent to the press from San Fran-
cisco. relating to the opinion of the State of
California upon that legislation, reflect in some
degree upon my colleagues and myself, and be-
cause it was stated upon this floor—I presume
in good faith, by gentlemen who believed it—
that my colleagues and myself did not repre-
sent the State of Oaliforniain our action upon
that matter. Now. I wish to say with reference
to Che press dispatches from San Francisco,
which 1 hold in my hand, that they are utterly
unreliable. It could not reasonably be ex-
pected, under the circumstances, well known
to myself, and in view of the authorship of
those dispatches, and their anhnus. that they
would be any more reliable upon this question
than would be a dispatch from Salt Lake on
the Mormon question ; or from a Mississippi j
village upon the scourging of a negro by the
Ku Kliix ; or from Arizona upon the Presi-
dent's Indian peace policy ; or from Charles
A. Dana upon the Navy Department.
A dispatch from San Francisco yesterday is
as follows:
San Feaxcisco, April 25.
The country delegates to the Republican State
convention generally sympathize with San Fran-
cisco in her opposition to the Goat Island scheme,
but oppose making it an issue in the coming presi-
dential campaign.
AVe have this dispatch to-day :
Sax Francisco, April 26.
The Republican State convention ignores Goat
Island, indorses President Grant, and has instructed
the California delegates to Pniladelphia to vote as
a unit for his renominatiun. The press of San Fran-
cisco are unanimous in denouncing the Boat Island
scheme, and all the leading papers of the State
denounce it as strongly as the San Francisco press.
Now, Mr. Speaker, before remarking on
these telegrams I should like to allude to a
previous telegram which was published all'over
the Atlantic States, and to which my attention
was frequently called by members of the House.
It was to the effect that my colleagues, as well
as myself, were burned in effigy in one of the
wards of San Francisco on account of our
course in the Goat Island matter. I patiently
endured that statement until I could get the
local papers from California, after that dis-
patch had reached there. That dispatch which
had circulated all through the East was received
in California, and the attention of the press was
called to it. The San Francisco Bulletin, an un-
doubtedly reliable paper, has declared that no
such incident happened in San Francisco, that
having seen this notice they had sent a com-
petent reporter to inquire into the statement,
and they were fully satisfied there was no truth
in it whatever. It may be a little late to refute
a charge which would look like a degradation,
not only of the California delegation here, but
of the constituents who sent them here, but I
have waited, for the reason I have given, that
the refutation might be unquestioned and com-
plete.
I now hold in my hand a dispatch from Sac1
ramento, in reference to the Republican con-
vention held yesterday, from a reliable gentle-
man, who is well known to me as an actor in
the events to which he refers. It is as follows:
Sacramento, April 26, 1872.
Hon. A. A. Sargkxt :
The State convention elected eleven out of twelve
delegates—your warm friends. The delegates from
San Francisco finding that if they undertook to
introduce resolutions against your course on Goat
Island the delegates from the interior would by a
large majority have indorsed you in your action,
therefore they did not introduce the matter in the
convention. The delegates were instructed for Grant,
and will probably favor Wilson for Vice President.
Everything harmonious.
Now, sir, I say, as I have said before, that
outside of San Francisco the people of Cali-
fornia and the press, perhaps with one or two
exceptions, are in favor of the Goat Island
proposition. In San Francisco there is not
unanimity of opinion. The telegram which
I read the other day in the debate on that
bill, showing a majority of six of the State
senate in favor of the Goat Island proposition,
was signed by one of the Sati Francisco sen-
ators. The question, if of a local character,
is referred.to the members of Congress repre-
senting those districts. My district is in favor
of the Goat Island proposition ; so, I believe,
is the district of my colleague, [Mr. CoCrHLAN. j
My other colleague, [Mr. Houghton,] who
desired to speak in that debate, but had no
opportunity to be heard, would have spoken
in favor of it for his great district outside of
San Francisco. And I believe, sir, that San
Francisco itself will be in favor of that Goat
Island proposition in a year from now, when
its benefits are being realized, as it now seems
to be opposed to it.
But, Mr. Speaker, I advScated it on great
commercial principles and in behalf of the
interests of the commerce of the whole coun-
try that there might not be two dollars trans-
shipment tax, as is now the case and has been
for years past on every pound of freight im-
ported into San Francisco and going through
San Francisco to the East; upon every ton
of tea sent to Chicago, St. Louis, and else-
where by means of the Pacific railroad; upon
every bushel of wheat, the great product of
California, and upon the crude ores sent from
the interior through San Francisco to find a
market in Liverpool or elsewhere in Europe,
or to Wales, for the reduction of those ores.
For these general commercial considerations,-
conceiving it likewise to be for the benefit of
the city of San Francisco itself, I favored the
Goat Island proposition. Further than that,
1 believe it important for the benefit of Sau
