1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1055
river, in the State of Minnesota, not to be a
navigable stream;
A bill (S. No. 044) amending an act approved
July 27,1868, entitled "An act relating to pen-
sions;" and
A bill (S. No. 550) to constitute Shreveport,
in the State of Louisiana, a port of delivery.
naval appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. HOLMAN, I desire to say a single
word in addition to what I have already said.
The gentleman from Maine is well aware that
if there is to be any reform in the direction
of getting rid of these bagatelles, which run
up in the aggregate to hundreds of millions
of dollars, and get rid of supernumerary em-
ployes, it must come from the controlling
power in this House.
There is a large Opposition in this House,
but for the purpose of inaugurating any meas-
ure of reform that Opposition is powerless. If
there is any reform to be accomplished, if
there is any reduction of the expenses of the
Government to be made in connection with its
employes, it must come from gentlemen who
have tlie control and management of the busi-
ness of this House. We can make resistance
to measures, but to inaugurate them we are
entirely powerless. It is just such bagatelles
as these, as the gentleman terms them, that
amount to millions of dollars.
[Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. HALE. I will yield to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Crebs,] in whose district
this naval station is situated.
Mr. CIIEBS. 1 think it would be very im-
proper to strike out this appropriation, as re-
ported by the Committee on Appropriations,
for the reason that even if it is true, as stated
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hol-
max,j that all such naval establishments as
the one at Mound City ought to be done away
with, it is equally true that before you attempt
to do anything of that kind the Government
property that is there ought to be removed.
The Government owns property at Mound
City which, without knowing exactly its value,
I think I am safe in saying is worth probably
$500,000.
Mr. HALE. More than that.
Mr. CIIEBS. I mean outside of the vessels
that are there.
Mr. HOLMAN. What kind of property is
it, arid what is the Government to do with it?
Mr. CIIEBS. I do not know what the Gov-
ernment is going to do with it. But I know
t hat at this time, unless they have been removed
very recently, there are some four or five iron-
clads there. As to what value they are to the
Government, I do not know. But they are
there, and they require attention and care. In
addition to that, there is in the Mound City
arsenal, for i may call it an arsenal very prop-
erly, probably three or four hundred pieces
of ordnance and a large amount of ammuni-
tion. Thete are some ten or fifteen Govern-
ment buildings there, all of them of great value
to the Government. Now if you propose sim-
ply to refuse any appropriation for their pres-
et vation, and let a 1 this property go to destruc-
tion for want of care, you will probably lose
to the Government one or two million dollars.
And if you look at it as a matter of economy
on the part of the Government, you had better
keep this appropriation as it is, and provide
for having some one there to take charge of
this valuable property. This is all I have to
say.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate lias been ex-
hausted upon the pending amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw my motion to
strike out, and move to amend the paragraph
by adding to it the following:
Provided, That the property of the United States
at Mound City shall be deposed of at the earliest
practicable moment by the Government.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I raise the point
of order that that is legislation not in order on
an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I will renew my
motion to strike out. The Government has
iron-clads there which it has no opportunity
to use.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would suggest
to the gentleman that the Committee on Appro-
priations propose to move an amendment at
the end of the bill authorizing the Secretary
of the Navy to dispose of all the property
connected with the naval service that in his
judgment is not needed by the Government.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I will withdraw my
motion to strike out, and will move that appro-
priations for this purpose shall cease with the
current year.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. You cannot bind
future Congresses in that way.
Mr. HOLMAN. We can at least bind our-
selves.
Mr. HALE. I raise the point of order that
this is new legislation, and therefore not in
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. HALE. I will state to the gentleman
that the amendment which we propose to offer
is general, and will apply to this as well as
other property.
Mr. HOLMAN. With that understanding
I will withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read as lollows :
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing:
For provisions for the officers, seamen, and ma-
rines, $1,517,600.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move to amend by
inserting after the paragraph just read "For
clothing for seamen, $590,000." It is not
my intention at this time, or at any time while
this bill is pending, to embarrass it in any
way. But I cannot allow this subject to pass
without proposing some amendment, or at
least obtaining some information from the
Committee on Appropriations. In the bill
before us we provide for the civil establish-
ment of the several bureaus of the Navy, for
the pay of laborers and mechanics in the
various navy-yards. We have provided for
the officers of the Navy. We have provided,
so far as we can, for the repair of the present
Navy. As to the construction of new vessels
I believe we are almost of one mind, that that
is needed at an early day, in order that the
American Navy may present a respectable
force to back up what it shall do and demand
now or hereafter.
But there is one subject that has not had
proper attention. There is one class of men
lor whom we have but ill provided—the sea-
men of our Navy—those who man our ships
and fight our naval battles, men of whose
exploits we are at all times proud to speak.
We are now considering that part of this bill
which comes under the head " Bureau of Pro-
visions and Clothing;" and if gentlemen of
the committee will glance along the sections
relating to this bureau, it wiil be found that
they contain nothing about clothing. Why?
Amongthe appropriations for the Marine corps
you find a certain amount appropriated for
the clothing of marines. At the commence-
ment of the bill we find that the eighty-five
hundred men in the Navy are provided with
an average annual pay of $300 each. Now, do
they actually receive this amount? No, sir.
An American seaman gets abouttwenty dollars
a month in money ,and rations equal to $109 50
a year, making nominally $350 a year. But
there is a deduction made from this pay. When
the seaman goes into the Navy three months'
advance pay is nominally given to him ; and
after taking out what is generally due to board-
ing-house keepers to whom the would-be sailor
is indebted, a further deduction is made to pay
for articles embraced in the list which I ask
the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
OutJU of clothing issued and charged to seamen enlist-
ing in the United States Navy.
„ Price.
One pea-jacket, or monkey-jacket $14 00
Two flannel overshirts at $2 17  4 91
Two woolen undershirts at $2 30    4 60
Two pairs woolen drawers at 81 79.30   3 58.6
Two pairs woolen socks at 44i cents  89.5
One pair satinet trowsers  3 25
One pair cloth trowsers   7 00
One seamless cap  85
Two pairs canvas-duck trowsers at $1 74  3 48
One pair calf-skin shoes   2 59
Two linen frocks at 81 40  2 80
One pair blankets at $2  4 00
One mattress....    5 89
One black silk handkerchief.  117.8
Total $59 ftj.9*
Mr. L. MYERS. Of thatamount, $59 05, the
seaman is indebted for fifty-two dollars when
he goes into the service ; so that his family,
expecting to get something from his early
wages, get nothing in fact for over four months.
I wish to call this matter to the attention of
the gentleman who reports this bill. I do not
know that I shall press this amendment if
it should be deemed inappropriate at the pres-
ent time. In the last Coiigiess I inttoduced
and had referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs a bill embracing the proposition I now
offer as an amendment. I have not referred
such a bill at this session, because I supposed
the matter might properly be embraced in the
appropriation bill. It is a fact that year aftet
year we have forgotten the seamen, not allow-
ing them the same privileges that we extend
to our soldiers and marines. We have deducted
these items from their pay. Why should we
not do justice to them in the present bill? If
the gentleman will give me some reason, I will
cheerfully withdraw the amendment and offet
it at a more appropriate time; but certainly
these men deserve justice at our hands.
Mr. HALE. The Army and Navy are
relied upon by the country for its defense iu
time of war; hence the necessity that an
establishment in each be kept up in time of
peace. Now, certain advantages accrue to one
branch of the service, and certain advantages
to the other. The soldier has an advantage
in respect to clothing, as has beeu stated by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. L.
Myers.] Counterbalancing that and perhaps
some other advantages which the soldier may
have, the sailor has the advantage of his share
in prize money and bounty—-the results of his
efforts at sea—to which there is nothing eorre
sponding in the Army. From our experience
in times past it is supposed that, all things
considered, the one stands about oil a par with
the other. So it has come about that this
allowance for clothing which the soldier has
the seaman has not. I do not know that the
seaman would be overpaid if an allowance for
clothing were added to his pay, but it would
involve very considerable additional expense
each year, and the result would be that soon
the soldier would come in for something addi-
tional. So we should start out on that never-
ending journey of increasing expenditures,
which every man knows is unending when
once begun. This, I suppose, is the answer
as a matter of priuciple to the gentleman from
Philadelphia.
Mr. L. MYERS. I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. HOAR. I renew it, and will yield the
floor to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. L. MYERS. In answer to the gentle-
man from Maine, I will detain the House but
a few moments. The years of peace, I am
happy to say, are the most in number, and
the times when sailors receive prize money
are in consequence the fewest. Hie times are
few and far between when sailors have the
opportunity of receiving prize money. Sailors
have a saying which is very pertinent to
this debate, that prize money is sifted through
a ladder; all that falls through goiug to the
officers, while only the small amounts that
