1056
THE CONGEESSKWAL GLOBE.
February 15,
stick go to tlie sailors. [Laughter.] The
sailors do not get much, The power of the
United States is so well recognized through-
out the world that a foreign war nowadays
seldom comes to our shores; civil war will, I
trust and believe, never again afflict us. Nev-
ertheless, sir, we moat keep up a navy, and
while, as I have stated, the years of peace are
many, those of war few, and the chances of
prize money slight, still every year this money
is deducted from the pay of these sailors.
Nominally they have a certain amount of pay,
yet in reality it is much less. I do not under-
stand the gentleman from Maine to oppose
.the principle of my amendment.
Mr. HALE. No; I am only opposed to its
coming here in this bill.
Mr. L. MYERS. I understand'he is only
opposed to its presentation now, before a com-
mittee of the House lias considered the ques-
tion, and I shall not press the consideration of
the amendment at this time; but I will draw a
bill covering this whole ground, and have it
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs
for their consideration, hoping for early and
favorable action. I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Atthenavy-yard, Brooklyn, New York: two writers
to paymasters, at$l,U17 25 each; assistant to inspector
of provisions and clothing, 41,878; writer to inspector
of provisions and clothing, $1,017 25: assistant super-
intendent of mills, $939; in all, &5,86S 75.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to strike out the
last word, for the purpose of making an in-
quiry of the gentleman from Maine who has
charge of this bill. Can be explain to the
House why the salaries of -these officers are
fixed at such odd and singular amounts ? Here
we have one of $1,017 25. In this and in pre-
ceding paragraphs salaries seem to be irreg-
ular and odd and singular fractional amounts.
Is it merely arbitrary, or does it arise from
some fixed principle?
Mr. HALE. I did not happen at the
moment to be listening to the gentleman, and
do not understand his question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I made an inquiry in
reference to the salaries of officers in ttiis and
in preceding paragraphs. I wish lo know
whether these salaries with such unusual frac-
tional parts of a dollar are established upon
any principle or are merely arbitrary? Are
they liere by accident, or because of some
principle adopted in reference to the pay of
these officers ?
Mr. HALE. I cannot tell in reference to
some of these officers, as their salaries were
fixed by law at a time which goes back to before
1 was a member of the committee, and as it
was the sum appropriated heretofore for many
years for the same purpose, I did not invest-
igate it. So far as these writers are concerned
tbey likely get so much per day, as I see a
resemblance to salaries in other Departments
which come about m that way.
Mr. MAYNARD. In the paragraph in ref-
erence to Mare Island, California, one writer
to paymaster gets $1,017 25, while one writer
to inspector of provisions and clothing gets
$1,20-3 CO.
Mr. HALE. The explanation I have given
I find to be the true one. These writers are
paid by the Navy Department so much per day.
Wri'ers living in Washington employed by the
Navy Department are paid so much per day.
In some cases it has been put together and
appropriated for as one salary.
Mr. MAYNARD. What i wish to get at is
whether this odd and singular combination of
numbers is without reason or is because of
some principle.
Mr. HALE. In the case of those writers,
it is because of their being employed and paid
by the day.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows ;
Bureau of Construction and Bcpair:
For preservation of vessels on the stocks and in
ordinary; purchase of materials and stores of all
kinds; labor in navy-yards and on foreign stations j
preservation of materials; purchase of tools; wear,
tear, and repair of vessels afloat, discharge of liabil-
ities, and general maintenance of theiNavy; inci-
dental expenses, advertising, and foreign postages.
$3,300,000.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to amend by
striking out "$3,300,000" and inserting
"$3,000,000." My object in making this
motion to amend is to get an opportunity to
make a single point. I do not assume, Mr.
Chairman, to be sufficiently experienced in the
necessities of the naval service to state whether
the sum here provided for is too large or not.
I observe that it is $200,000 less than what it
was in the last appropriation bill, and it may
be no larger than it ought to be. But I wish
to call attention to what I believe to be a very
great evil in the administration of the Navy
Department, and that relates to the repair of
worthless vessels.
For the purpose of illustrating what I have
to say, I call attention to the case of a vessel
now undergoing repairs in the navy-yard at
Kittery, a vessel called, I think, the Alononga-
liela. And I think I am warranted in saying
that it is the judgment of the officers in charge,
although I have had no direct communication
from them, and the judgment of everybody
having anything to do with that service, and
the judgment of everybody that knows any-
thing about that vessel, whether he is engaged
in the work upon it or not, that it was absolutely
a worthless vessel; and that when completed
it will not be so serviceable as a new vessel of
the same capacity. It is not on so good a
model, and has nothing about it that would
make it equal to a good, new vessel, as far as
I can judge, and at the same time it will cost
absolutely more money than a new vessel of
the same capacity.
Now, I understand the justification set up
by naval officers for what I believe to be the
practice of the Navy Department such as I
have stated is this: that it has been found
impossible to get through Congress appropria-
tions sufficient to meet the absolute demands
of the Navy, and that in order to increase the
efficiency of the Navy, or perhaps I ought to
say to prevent it from going into an absolute
decline, they have been compelled, if I may
use the expression, to " whip the devil around
the stump" by repairing vessels which they did
not themselves believe to be worth repairing.
I call, then, upon the gentleman who has
this bill in charge to state whether it is the
opinion of the Committee on Appropriations
that there has or has not been such a practice
as I have stated. And if there has been such
a practice for some years past, then I desire
to know whether it is the opinion of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations that the sum which
is here provided tor is necessary for the repair
of vessels which ought to be repaired.
Mr. HALE. The question of the gentle-
man from New Hampshiie [Mr. Hibba.ru]
opens the whole subject which the committee
has been discussing during the last three days.
This item of $3,300,000 is much the largest
item in the bill, because under it comes more
of the necessities of the Navy Department
than under any other item.
I will say this for the committee and for
myself, that this item has been carefully scru-
tinized. The details have been all gone into,
as they cannot be done in the bill here, which
takes the form of law, and the appropriation,
as the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hibbard] has stated, has been cut down, so
that there is a saving of $200,000. Now that
some vessels have been repaired, or that re-
pairs have been undertaken where afterward
it was found that they were not profitable, is
undoubtedly true. But I wish gentlemen to
bear this in mind, that the Navy Department
only repairs for the purpose of keeping our
Navy which is afloat good in point of numbers.
It goes into no new experiment in the line of
repairing a vessel that is not needed to be
fitted out and sent off for a squadron when
that squadron becomes weakened by a vessel
being sent home. When a vessel has to be
repaired the materials that are used are pur-
chased as cheaply as possible, and are put
upon the best vessels that we have left. But
even in that way, as I explained the other day
to the House, the expenses upon some of
these vessels amount to a frightful sum. As
I stated then, one vessel swamped $700,000,
nearly a quarter of this whole appropriation;
and in some years we have to repair perhaps
fifteen or twenty vessels.
But I am satisfied for one, and I can state
candidly to the committee that I believe the
expenditure in this bureau is guarded as closely
and is made as carefully as in any bureau oi
the Navy Department.
I do not think, and the committee did not
think, that it could get along with less than
this sum this year, in short, if you will not
give the Navy new vessels you have got to
go on appropriating in this way; but if they
can have new and good vessels, then I grant
that this appropriation can be cut down one
half the moment they get vessels that do not
need repairing. But we are going on patching
up, and this is to pay for patching up. It is a
patching-up item, and in such work the money
goes very fast, as any one who has anything to
do with sucli work will find out.
Mr. HIBBARD. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. L. MYERS. I was absent when a clause
in the bill was passed to which I desire to offer
an amendment, and I have the consent of the
gentleman who has charge of the bill to offer
that amendment now. 1 ask for the reading
of the clause embraced in lines one hundred
and fifty four, one hundred and fifty-five, and
one hundred and fifty-six.
The Clerk read as follows:
Civil establishment:
For pay of the superintendents and the civil
establishments of the several navy-yards under this
bureau, $15,0J0.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move to amend that
clause by adding to it the words " which shall
include one store clerk of ordnance at the
Philadelphia navy-yard at a salary of $1,400."
Mr. HALE. There is no objection to that
amendment. Il does not increase the appro-
priation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
At the navy-yard, Washington, District of Colum-
bia: For draughtsman to naval constructor, $1,100;
clerk to naval constructor and clerk of store-houses,
inspector of timber and tiinc-clerK, at §l,20t) oach;
in all, 86,203.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move to amend that
clause by inserting after the words ''clerk to
naval construcioi" the words "at SI,400,"
and striking out the word " each," in line tour
hundred and seventy, and also by increas-
ing the total appropriation to $0,400. 1 ho
clerk of the naval constructor at the. Wash-
ington navy-yard gets only $1,200 a year,
while the clerks of the naval conftruetors in
all the other navy-yards get $1,400 a year.
The chief of the bureau has recommendi d this
amendment. I hold in my hand a letter on
the subject from the naval constructor. My
amendment simply proposes to add $'200 to
the salary of this clerk, and make it exactly
what the salary of the naval constructor's, cleric
at other yards are.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the point
of order that that amendment proposes to
change existing law.
Mr. L. MYERS. The rules allow salaries
to be raised in appropriation bills
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This is a salary
fixed by law, and the proposition is to rai^e it.
The CHAIRMAN. Ttie Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. L. MYERS. I do not want to differ
with the Chair more than to say that amend-
ments raising salaries have been repeatedly
decided to be in order.
