160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
December 18,
tion be taken up when his resolution shall
have been acted on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
of the Senator from New York is withdrawn
for the present.
committbk ox retkench.uhxt.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the election of the standing Com-
mittee of Investigation and Retrenchment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Rhode Island moves that the Senate proceed
to the election of the Committee of Investiga-
tion and Retrenchment. Is there objection?
The Chair hears none.
Mr. ANTHONY*. I ask thai by unanimous
consent the rules which require the chairman
of a committee to be elected by ballot be sus-
pended, and I nominate ai members of the
committee the name-.-: on the li=t which I send
to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator •
from Rhode Island asks unanimous consent
that the thirty-fifth rule, which requires the
chairmen of eommitteesto be elected by ballot,
be suspended in this case, and that the whole
committee be elected by resolution. Is there
objection to that proposition? The Chair
hears none ; and the question recurs on the
adoption of the resolution submitted by the
Senator from Rhode Island, which will be lead.
The Secretary read the lesolution, as follows:
llesvhed, That the Committee of Investigation
and Retrenchment consist of Mr. Buckin'gh^m.
(chairman,; Sir. Pratt, Mr. Howe, Mr. Hari.ax,
Mr. Stewart, Mr. Pool, and Mr. Bayard.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have my
friend, the Senator who makes the motion, state
whether on that committee there are any of
the Senators who brought forward this inquiry
and who especially urged it upon the Senate? .
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator knows that
as well as I do. I think they are exceedingly ,
judicious and sensible men, moderate men—
men who command in the highest degree the
confidence and the respect of their associates
and the confidence of the country. I do not
know whether they have, any of them, made
themselves particularly conspicuous in the
charges which have been made, or whether
they have qualified themselves any of them,
to do justice in the matter by pronouncing an
opinion in advance.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly 1 have nothing
to say except in kindness and good will toward
every Senator named on this committee: but
as I listened to the list I was astonished by
the absence of certain names. On this list
I do not find the name of a single Senator
who bad urged this investigation, as I believe,
unless it be the Democratic Senator over the
way—he will pardon me for that designation—
theSenatorfrom Delaware, [Mr. Bayakd.] who
did vote for investigation in tin1 strongest form.
The Senators on the list all voted against in-
vestigation in the strongest form. Thus, Sen-
ators in favor of investigation in the strongest
form, every one. except the Democratic Sen-
ator, are excepted. it is for the Senate to con- .
sider whether a committee organized in this
way, after the debate that has occurred, can
justly satisfy the country.
Perhaps also it would be worth while to
consider whether it is in conformity with par-
liamentary law—I will not -imply usage,
but parliamentary law. for the law is found in
usage. I hold in my hand the work to which
we refer as authority, Jefferson's Manual, and
with your permission 1 will read a brief pas-
sage, which is, 1 know, very familiar to the
Chair:
Tho-e who take exceptions to ?ome particulars
m ttio bill are to be of the committee, but none who
sneak directly against the body ol' the bill; fur he that
would totaliy destroy will not amend it 'Hakew
♦140; Town., coj. 20H: D'Ewes, 634, col. 2; Scob., 47:}
or, a- is said, to tirey, 145,) tho child is not to be put
to a nurse that cares not for it, fB Gi-ey, 373.)"
You smile, Mr. President, and justly, I
repeat the terms: '
"The child i« not to be put to a nurse that care^ i
not for it." .1
You naturally smile when you see the pro-
cess going on in this Chamber. Jefferson
then proceeds:
" It is therefore a constant rule 'that no man is to
bo employed in any matter who has declared him-
self against it.' And when any member who i*
against the bill hears himself named ot its commit-
tee, he ought to ask to be excused."
Now, as I understand, this inquiry was first
presented by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] and urged by him in an elaborate
and able speech, which has already awakened
echoes throughout the country. I miss his
name from the committee. In that debate
the Senator from Illinois was most ably and
eloquently sustained by the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Schukz.] I miss his name. There
were other Senators who spoke on the same
side : certainly there were others who voted on
that side. I miss all their names; I think the ■
country will miss them. Then there was for ;
five years previously a Committee on Retrench-
ment, joint in character, still with represent-
atives from the Senate. I know not if any
member of that committee is on the list.
My friend before me [Mr. Schi'bz] says, !
"No, not one member;'' not the honorable
chairman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Pat-
tkksox.] who had gained much experience in
examining and exposing these abuses: not
one of his associates finds a place on this com-
mittee. Why, sir. to me it is simply inexpli-
cable on any ground of justice or parliament-
ary law. I am at a loss to understand how my
excellent friend from Rhode Island, in whom
reigns, I have always believed, the spirit of ;
justice, should bring forward a proposition for j
such a committee at this time. \
But, Mr. President. I have no desire to open
any opposition. I am only one. and I speak
for myself alone. I simply make thi.-, state-
ment that it may be of record, and that here-
after, should this committee fail in its in-
quiries, the country may know that the Senate
was at least warned with regard to it. When I ■
say this, I desire it to be understood that 1 ]
have not one word except of friendship for
these much-respected Senators: not one word
of critici.-m on their position. 1 simply call
attention to the fact shown by your debates,
that they took no part, either by speech or
vote, in urging this important investigation
while other-; were urgent.
Perhaps 1 have said enough. I have said
more than I intended. My purpose is accom-
plished if I call the attention of my friend '
from Rhode Island to the parliamentary char- !
acter of the committee that he proposes.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, I believe
that the appointment of this committee is
strictly parliamentary. The committee was
voted for unanimously. The Senator from
Illinois moved a joint committee, and if that
committee had been appointed he would have
been entitled to be assigned to the very agree-
able duty of being chairman of it. But thi*
resolution was moved by me, and I suppose
that if the Chair had appointed the committee :
I should have had to ask to be excused from ,
serving as chairman of it, as parliamentary
usage and parliamentaty law would have .
required that I should do. j
I do not know what my friend from Massa- j
chusetts means when he speaks of the Sen-
ators here who were opposed to this inquiry.
I do not know of a Senator in this body who
is opposed to the most searching and thorough
inquiry into any charges of corruption, by
whomsoever brought in this Chamber. Every 1
Senator who has spoken during the debate— ;
there was no debate on this resolution, but i
during the debate on a cognate resolution— j
every one expressed himself earnest for a t
thorough and complete investigation. Sir, 1
if-k you to read the names of tho. men on this :
committee, and say if there is a matt there !
whom you believe would cover up corruption, :
if ther e is a man there who would endeavor to
shield his best friend as a public man from uriv ;
just charges of corruption made against him"? .
I consider til" committee an eminently jttdi-
; cious one, and in my experience in the Senate
, this is the first time that I have ever heard a
: committee objected to on account, of the char-
acter of its members, and I am very glad that
. the first example has b en made in the case
! of men against whom so very little can be
said.
; Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President. I submit
to the good sense of the Senate that the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island is entirely evad.ng the
question. There is no Senator here who will
stand up and utter one word in disparagement
of the character of any one of the Senators
who is proposed as a member of this commit-
tee, and no such is.-me can be forced upon the
Senate. We are not here to try the character
of those individuals, but we are here to inquire
if this proposed committee will be, if appointed,
in accordance with parliamentary usage and
good, sound sense.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will do their duty.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, sir, will do their
duty. It is not a question at all as to the
purity of men's motives. When the rule pro-
vides that upon the raising of a committee or
the commitment of a bill or resolution to a
committee the investigation, if one is to be
made, is to be committed to a committee a
majority of whom are earnestly in favor of
investigation, or of the bill or resolution to a
committee that is favorable to the measure, is
that, any imputation upon the purity of motive
of those who are excluded from the commit-
tee ? Does that draw a line of distinction in
the Senate, and say, " These men are pure and
upright men, and the rest of the Senate are
not worthy of having a place on this commit-
tee or having the charge of this measure?"
No. sir. The rule could not stand for one
moment in the Manual if it were thus an in-
sult to every member of the Senate who was
not appointed upon the committee. What is
the foundation of the rule? It is this: that
although every member of the Senate may be
perfectly pure in his motive, entirely willing,
nay, desirous that frauds, if they exist, may !>.•
ferreted out, yet there is a difference of opinion
in the Senate a- to the existence cf the frauds
and the necessity for the investigation. There
is a difference in the belief of Senators upon
that subject.
Mr. CONKLiNG. Tell us what it is.
Mr. THURMAN. I will tell you in a mo-
ment what it is. The Senator from Nevada.
[Mr. Nye,J who =poke on this .-.ubjeef the
other day, snhj there wa- no m-ees-ity for
an investigation. I take him as an illustra-
tion. He said there was no necessity for
investigational all: that this Administration
and its subordinates are so pure that they need
no investigation : everything is so entirely con-
sistent with justice ami honesty and good
administration ot public affa'r*- that wm ought,
not to appoint, an\ committee of investigation.
That was what the Senator declared. ' 1 do
not quote his words, but, f do the sub tanc-1 o!
them. Nov, sir, would that Senator he the
man to go into this investigation, ajeurding
him the utmost purity of motive? No.sir: ami
why not? Because, howeverpttretnen's motive?
may be, their actions are. to a great extent,
governed by their belief. They u.ay lie e\er
so pure-minded, ever so honest, and'yet their
actions will be more or less governed by their
opinion, by their belief: and it is upon this
ground 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSKN. I wish to ask my
friend this question: whether the parliamentary
rule, is not that persons who vote for the measure
should be on the committee? I understand
that every one of the persons on this comm.'.
tee did vote for this measure. But the ins>:.t-
inent seems to be that we ought to place on the
committee those vvh > voted against it,
Mr. 1II U 1<M AN. 1 do not say any such
thing. The Senate] says everybody voted for
it. Thriii nobody voted again t i". The nrgti
ment is not so nt. all. I do not understand
