1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2840
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GOODRICH moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. DUNNELL. I desire to ask that a
Senate bill on the Speaker's table be taken up
for consideration now.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object,
and call for the regular order of business. If
everybody gets their bills off the table we can
never get to business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being demanded, the morning hour
commences at twenty-nine minutes past twelve
o'clock, and reports of a private nature are in
order from the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
J. ROSS BROWNE.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (S. No. 373)
for the relief of J. Ross Browne, late minister
to China.
The Clerk commenced to read the bill, which
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to J. Ross Browne, late minister of the United
States to China, $3,774 11 in full compensa-
tion 
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order
on this bill. It  akes an appropriation, and
must have its first consideration in Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the bill is referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, by unanimous
consent, the report, of the committee in the
case was ordered to be printed.
JOHN BLACK.
Mr. WILLARD, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2568) for the relief of John Black, late consul
of the United States at the city of Mexico;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to John Black, late
eonsul of the United States at the city of Mex-
ico, the rate of compensation allowed by law j
to a secretary of legation for his diplomatic
services to the United States in Mexico dur-
ing the suspension of diplomatic intercourse
between Mexico and the United States from
September 15, 1868, to April 15, 1869, inclu-
sive.
Mr. HOAR. I make the point of order on
that bill that it makes an appropriation, and
must have its first consideration in Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the bill is referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
JAMES C. PICKETT.
Mr. DUELL, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2569)
authorizing the proper accounting^officers to
revise and adjust the accounts of James C.
Pickett, late charg6 d'affaires at Peru ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to revise and adjust the
accounts of James C. Pickett, late charg6
d'affaires at Peru.
The bill was ordered to be "engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. D1JELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
D. H. HOLDERNES.
Mr. DUELL also, from the same committee,
42D Ooug. 2D SESS.—NO. 179.
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2570) for the relief
of D. H. Holdernes, owner of the British ship
Duke of Edinboro ; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to D. H. Holdernes,
owner of the British ship Duke of Edinboro,
the sum of $3,350 45.
Mr. HOAR. I make the point of order
that that bill contains an appropriation, and
must have its first consideration in Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the bill is referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
By unanimous consent, the bill and the
report accompanying it were ordered to be
printed.
JAMBS KEEN AN.
Mr. WILLARD, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 141) to amend the resolution for
the relief of James Keenan, late consul at
Hong Kong, China, approved February 18,
1867 ; which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the joint resolution for the relief of James
Keenan, deceased, late consul at Hong Kong,
China, be amended by striking out all after the
words "several balances due him," and in-
serting in lieu thereof "on his accounts for
the relief of seamen."
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
S. FERNANDEZ.
Mr. PACKARD. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to move that they be
discharged from the further consideration of
the claim of S. Fernandez, a Spanish subject,
and that the papers relating to the same be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
CHARLES .T. SANDS.
Mr. PACKARD also, from the Committee
on Foreign iffairs, reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that it do not pass, the bill (H.
R. No. 916) for the relief of Charles J. Sands,
late marshal of the United States consular court
at Chin Kiang, China; and the bill was laid
on the table.
MRS. il. S. MOUSE.
Mr. PACKARD also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it pass, the bill (H. R. No. 333) for the
relief of Mrs. M. S. Morse, administratrix and
widow of Isaac E. Morse, deceased.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay, out of any moneys
in the Treasury not. otherwise appropriated,
to Mrs. M. E. Morse, administratrix and widow
of Isaac E. Morse, for his full compensation
while employed as special commissioner of the
United States to the republic of New Gra-
nada, in the years 1856 and 1857, at the rate
of $7,500 from the 6th day of November, 1856,
to the 1st day of June, 1857, for his salary as
commissioner, and at the rate of fifteen dol-
lars per diem during the same time_ for his
traveling expenses incurred in the discharge
of the duties of his mission.
Mr. HOAR. I make the point of order that
this bill contains an appropriation, and must
go to the Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
Mr. PACKARD. I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] will not press
that point. This bill has been before ine
House a long time.
The SPEAKER. The point cannot be
Does the gentleman from Massachu-
setts insist upon it?
Mr. HOAR. I do.
The SPEAKER. The bill must go to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar. Reports are still in order from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BANKS. I believe our committee has
no further reports this morning.
SURVIVORS OF WAR. OF 1812.
Mr. WILLARD. I ask leave to report from
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
and War of 1812, for the purpose of printing
and recommitment, a bill (H. R. No. 2571)
to amend an act granting pensions to the
survivors of the war of 1812 who served sixty
days, and to their widows, approved February
14, 1871.
Mr. HOLMAN. If that bill is not long, I
hope it will be reported.
Mr. WILLARD. It is a public bill and we
do not ask action upon it now ; but I have no
objection to its being reported.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the bill will be read.
There being no objection, the bill was read.
It provides in the first section that the first
section of an act granting pensions to the sur-
vivors of the war of 1812 who served sixty
days, and to their widows, approved Febru-
ary 14, 1871, be hereby amended so as to read
as follows:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to place on the
pension-roll the names of the surviving officers and
enlisted and drafted men, including militia and
volunteers, of the military and naval service of the
United States who served in the war with Great
Britain of 1812, and were honorably discharged, and
the names of the surviving widows of such officers
and enlisted and drafted men : Provided, That such
widow shall have been married prior to January 1,
1825, to such officer or enlisted or drafted man, and
shall not have remarried.
The second section amends section two of
the act of February 14, 1871, so as to read as
follows:
Sec. 2. That this act shall not apply to any person
who is receiving a pension at the rate of eight dol-
lars or more per month, nor to any person receiving
a pension less than eight dollars per month, except
for the difference between the pension now received
and eight dollars per month. Pensions under this
act shall be at the rate of eight dollars per month,
except as herein provided when a person is receiving
a pension of less than eight dollars per month, and
shall be paid to the persons entitled thereto from
and after the passage of this act for and during the
term of their natural lives: Provided, That widows
pensioned under this act shall, if they become wid-
ows after the 14th day of February, 18/1, be entitled
to a pension only from the date when they became
widows.
The third section provides that all applica-
tions for pensions under the act to which this
is an amendment, heretofore or which may
hereafter be made, shall be considered and
decided as though made under this act-
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill is so manifestly
just that I hope there will be no objection to
putting it on its'passage at once.
Mr. MAYNAKD. I understand the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Holman] to say there
is no objection ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust there will be none.
Mr. MAYNARD, If we haveh'S assurance,
of course there will be none.
Mr. .WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, before the
vote is taken upon the passage of the bill I
desire to state the changes in the present law
contemplated by it.
In the first place the bill amends the law of
14th February, 1871, by striking out the limit-
ations both as to length of service and as to
participation in rebellion. Under this bill all
who served for any length of time during the
war of 1812, including Indians, will be en-
titled to a pension; and it is estimated that
by removing these limitations in the law at
least ten thousand persons in addition to those
now entitled will be entitled to pensions.
The bill also changes the limitation as to the
date of marriage of widows, and provides that
all widows married prior to January 1, 1825,
may have pensions. I was opposed to this
