1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1057
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that this salary is fixed by law.
Mr. HALE. All these salaries are fixed by
law as the committee understand it.
The Clerk read as follows:
For pay of watchmen and others, $30,659 50.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I move to amend that
paragraph by reducing the appropriation from
$30,000 to $ 10,000. I think, Mr. Chairman,
that there seems to be some mistake about
these two clauses—the one preceding this and
the present one. In the previous clause for
all the artistic and intellectual ability of the
Academy $58,000 is appropriated, whereas
in the clause just read, "for watchmen and
others," which I suppose to include assist-
ant watchmen, we have an appropriation of
$30,659 50. The first paragraph provides for
five professors, twelve assistant professors, a
sword-mastor, and two assistant sword-masters,
boxing-master and gymnast, assistant libra-
rian and two clerks, apothecary, and all the
real talent necessary to be employed at the
Academy. Among them I find the item of
" commissary, at $288." I must pause for a
moment there to point out what seems to me
a very gross inconsistency, for while the com-
missary receives but $288, the cook, who is
next but one below him, receives $325. Now,
Mr. Chairman, I myself claim the right of
speaking on the commissary subject. I am an
expert as to that, sir, and I utterly repudiate
the propriety of putting the pay of tt com-
missary below that of a cook. I not only
deny it as a commissary myself in the great
struggle which we have just gone through,
which resulted so victoriously and successfully
to the Republican party, but I do so in some
sort as a commissary by inheritance, [laugh-
ter,] for my grandfather, in the revolutionary
war, was a commissary, and I insist that some
correction shall be made er explanation given
why the pay of a commissary is placed below
that of a cook. I never was a cook ; I never
aspired to be a cook; I do not want to be a
cook. [Laughter.] Bat what I have to say
i:s, that if it were not for the commissary, where
would your cook be?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What is the use
of a commissary if you do not have a cook ?
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I have no doubt the
remark of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] is very willy, but as I cannot hear
what he says, he will forgive me if I do not
notice it.
Now, we have provided to perform all this
artistical and intellectual labor, fifty-seven
gentlemen, including a commissary. On the
other hand we next proceed to appropriate
$36,659 50 for "watchmen and others." I
suppose "others" means something like ltet
al." in legal documents, something that does
not amount to much, that is thrown in as a sort
of makeweight. "For watchmen and others,
$36,659 50." The "fifty cents," I have no
doubt, is very important, and 1 would very
much like to know which one of the watchmen
takes that "fifty cents." [Laughter.] Now,
divide that sum by $200—and I insist that no
watchman should be paid as much as a com-
missary ; I might, perhaps, consent to allow a
watchman to receive nearly as much as it is
proposed to give the commissary, and therefore
I name the sum $200—and you will have nearly
a hundred and fifty watchmen, and some few
odds and ends to give to the " others."
We have fifty-seven professors, assistant
professors, sword-masters, assistant sword-
masters, a boxing-master and gymnast, a
librarian, clerks, apothecary, commissary,
messengers, cook, armorer, gunner, gunner's
mate, coxswain, seamen, a band-master, musi-
cians of the first and of the second class,
drummers, and a fifer of the first class; and in
order to watch those gentlemen we make pro-
vision for the employment of about a hundred
and fifty watchmen. That is, we have fifty-
seven artistic and intellectual gentlemen, and
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 67.
about a hundred and fifty persons, more or less,
to wateh over tb«a, I do think that in this
particular case there' is too much bread for the
amount of saok. [Laughter. ]
The question was taken on the amendment
moved. by Mr. RooseveM', and it was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read the following, under the
head of "Naval Academy:"
For contingent exponsis, $64,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by adding to the paragraph just read
the following:
Provided, That graduates of tho Naval Academy
shall take rank according to their proficiency, as
shown by their order of morit at date of graduation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I raise the point
of order that that amendment proposes new
legislation.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
there should be no objection to that amend-
ment.
Mr. HALE. I have no objection to it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I withdraw my
point of order.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is not that the law now?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is only
a regulation now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understand
that is the regulation now, and it is proposed
to make it the law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It has
been the regulation. I propose to make it the
law, so that when graduates are sent up for
examination and promotion they shall be pro-
moted in the order of tlieir proficiency at the
time of graduating.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suppose there
can be no objection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Marine corps:
For pay and subsistence of officers of the Marine
corps, and for pay of non-compiissioned officers,
musicians, privates, and others of the corps, 8078,145.
Mr. COX. I move to strike out the para-
graph just read. I do not understand exactly
what marines are doing in our Navy at this
time and in this age. A marine corps is one
of those importations from Great Britain
which we made at a time when they had dif-
ferent ships, and when there was a different
mode of impressing sailors into the service.
This bill, in its several paragraphs, provides
for appropriating more than a million dollars
for the Marine corps. That is a very large
expenditure, and I would like to be able to
see the utility of keeping up that particular
branch of service in this age of steam and
improved naval architecture.
The marine corps in England grew out of
the peculiar condition of things at the time
when fighting was done by means of wooden
vessels, when marines were employed in the
navy to fire their musketry at the enemy, and
to use the bayonet to repel boarding by the
enemy. And they were sometimes employed
for the purpose of preventing a descent of the
enemy upon the shore. We have in our Navy
twenty-five hundred marines, and we have a
coast of nearly twenty-five thousand miles.
So far as regards any descent of an enemy
upon our shores, I do not think our Marine
corps of ten men to every hundred miles would
be of very great service. Are they of any ser-
vice in working a ship? No, they are not
trained to that; they are never compelled to
go aloft. What, then, are they doing in the
Navy?
I know it has been considered the custom
to keep marines in the Navy because they
were once used by England in impressing sea-
men and for the arrest of those who were
deserters. But in this respect we need a
reform in our naval service. My reason for
making these remarks is because it strikes
me there should be some general reform; a
reform which shall commence at the very bot-
tom and clean off tho barnacles of this navjr
business. Since naval architecture has been
reformed, since we have a new order of fight-
ing upon the sea, and since marines in a fight
are of no consequence on ships, either for
boarding or otherwise, why can we not inau-
gurate a reform which shall save a million
dollars now expended for this Marine corps?
For the expenditures are not merely the sum
of $678,000 for pay of officers, &c., but there
are expenses for provisions, clothing, &e.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman in-
clude in his proposition the "horse marines?"
[Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I am coming to that. I find in"
the bill this item:
For forage for horses belonging to field and staff
officer?, $6,000.
So we have "horse marines" in our Navy.
"Captain Jinks" is one of the corps we are
now providing for by the present arrangement.
Mr. MAYNARD. But does the gentleman
propose to abolish the "horse marines?"
Mr. COX. I would like to know what
marines are doing upon horseback.
Mr. W.R.ROBERTS. Does not the gentle-
man know that every horse marineis a sailor?
Mr. COX. The gentleman perhaps knows
more about that than I do; for I have never
been, as he has, upon the sea on horseback.
[Laughter.] I have seen pictures of such
things in mythological works.
'But I want to call attention seriously to the
fact that here is an expenditure of $1,000,000
in a time of vaunted economy, when a little
good sense on the part of the gentlemen run-
ning this Administration might save this ex-
penditure altogether. What are these marines
doing? Will my honorable friend from Maine
[Mr. Hale] or my distinguished friend from
California, [Mr. Sakgext]—these gentlemen
who represent the various naval stations of
the country—tell what is the present occupa-
tion of our marines ? Are they for watching
over the materials and other public property
at navy-yards? Why, sir, the bill provides
for watchmen. What can a marine do on
board a ship ? As I have said, he never goes
aloft; he has nothing to do with the working
of the ship. In this time of iron-dads there
is no need of musketry on board a naval ves-
sel. I wish to know whether there is not
enough of good sense, enough of the spirit
of reform in the majority here, to put an end
to this enormous expenditure of $1,000,000
for a service that is now utterly useless.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE. Does the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] insist on his amendment?,* -
Mr. COX. I would if I thought the gentle-
man would help me. But I withdraw it.
The Clerk continued and concluded the
reading of the bill.
Mr. HALE. As the reading of the bill has
been finished, I propose to move an additional
section in accordance with the proposition I
made to the committee in my remarks when-
the bill first came up. The object is to insure
the sale at as early a day as possible of the
vast amount of useless material in tho Navy.
As I have before said, it now costs more or less
each year—the expense ranging up into hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars—to keep such
property from utter destruction. With all this
expense it deteriorates year by year. What
has been sought by the committee, on consult-
ation with the head of the Navy Department,
is to so frame an amendment that the respons-
ibility might lie where it should, and yet
these old materials and ships be sold and
taken out of the Navy, the Treasury getting
some money for them.
I want to say here what amounts to f 
correction of the Globe. I am reported as
saying in some remarks submitted by me
yesterday that the proposition came from the
Secretary of the Navy. What I soid was,
"This proposition does not come from the
