mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
shall call the official attention of the Secretary
of the Treasury to these charges and direct
him to make an investigation of them. This
resolution is offered in no other spirit than that
of finding the truth, whatever it may be, and
of showing that the House of Representatives
desires that the truth shall be known. I now
yield a few moments to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth. ]
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope this will not be
thrown open for general debate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man from Illinois desires to offera suggestion,
as I have quoted from his speech in the reso-
lution, I snail be glad to hear him.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am glad the gen-
tleman from Ohio has brought this matter to
the attention of the House, because in doing
so he has attracted more attention to it than
I could get or did get last evening, when I
made the remarks I did, and which I find on
review this morning to be true, but not up to
the whole truth.
I should like to have the resolution of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] amended
by asking the Secretary to report to the House
specifically whether the charges I have made
are true, according to the testimony submitted
to him heretofore by reports of committees of
this House.
Now, the report which I hold in my hand,
.and from which I read yesterday, is a report
of a committee of the Forty-First Congress,
the report of the Committee on Expenditures
on Public Buildings. That is what I read
from, but I did not road the whole paragraph.
I stopped at the word " roofing." The com-
mittee went on to say in that paragraph :
The amount realized by tho owners of these pat-
ents, for royalty, under this contract, in loss than
one year, was $5,015 05, as appears from the follow-
ing statement:
Marine hospital, Portland, Maine, royalty on roof-
ing  $915 80
Court-house and post offico, Portland,
Maine, royalty on roofing  215 50
Same building, royalty on pipe  64 00
Custom-house, Portland, Maine, royalty on
roofing  181 10
Same building, royalty on pipe  93 GO
Custom-house, Portsmouth, INew Hamp-
shire, royalty on roofing  675 00
Custom-house and post ollice, Now Haven,
Connecticut, royalty on rooting  672 60
Same building, royalty on pipe  28 80
Custom-house and post otlice, ltiohmond,
Virginia, royalty on rooting    805 00
Same building, royalty on pipe  112 20
Court-house, Madison, Wisconsin, royalty
on roofing    722 30
Custom-houso, Cairo, Illinois, royalty on
roofing  270 95
Court-house and post office, Des Moines,
Iowa, royalty on roofing  758 80
Total $5,615 65
Now, these facts were all shown to the Sec-
retary of tho Treasury then, and the commit-
tee go on to say that—
" Soon after the examination of Mr. Shepherd by
the committee, this contract was modified by the
order of the Secretary of the Treasury, so as to re-
duce the royalty for use of the patents one half."
Thus showing that the Secretary of the
Treasury knew it, aud after this investigation
did not put a stop to it, but only reduced the
royalty. Shepherd himself, in his testimony,
I think, says that he has never put this roof-
ing on private buildings ; nobody used, and
nobody is expected to use it. The patent
was refused in the first place because "it was
not novel;" there was nothing in it; but by
the influence of the supervising architect
of the*Treasury a patent was obtained, as
patents sometimes are.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Does the gen-
tleman mean to say that the Commissioner of
Patents allowed it? Does he also wish to
attack the Commissioner?
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I did not say the
Commissioner of Patents allowed it.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Did you mean
to say that the Commissioner of Patents im-
properly allowed a patent?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not say whether
he did or not. I am reading from the report
of the committee:
"Another somewhat similar case was the sale by
the supervising architect to A. It. Shepherd of a
half inserest in two patents, one lor a patent roof-
ing, and the other for a patent anti-freezing pipe.
These patents had been procured by E. P. Vaitx,
whose claims had been at first rejected by the Pat-
ent Office, on the ground that they covered nothing
novel; but afterward, with somo advicc and assist-
ance from the supervising architect, patents were
obtained, and a naif interest conveyed to him in
compensation for such assistance."
That was the report of the Committee on
Expenditures on the Public Buildings.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Ou full hearing
and with additional testimony?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know nothing about
that.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Then I would
not attack the Commissioner of Patents.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Another report was
made to this House by the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads of the last Con-
gress, signed'by J. F. Farnsworth, T. W.
Ferry, now Senator from Michigan ; James
N. Tyner, S. H. Boyd. George M. Adams,
J. S. Smith, which stated that the law had
been " flagrantly violated" by the supervising
architect. They close their report in this
language:
".The committee also recommend that the con-
tracts with the Dix Island Company and the Cape
Ann Granito Company be annulled, and that no
further appropriation be made for these' buildings
without a provision limiting their cost, and making
it the duty ot thoSecrctary of the Treasury, or other
officer charged with tho responsibility, to see to it
that plans are perfected and proper contracts made
for tho ontire completion of the buildings within the
amounts thus limited."
That was all shown to the Secretary of the
Treasury. He knew that it was the opinion
of a committee of this House, after full and
searching investigation, that certain contracts
were in flagrant violation of law and should
be annulled, but no attention was paid to it.
I wish we could get the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay some attention to these matters.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield the floor
for a few moments to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler..]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. After the
debate which took place yesterday and es
pecially after the mistake, I doubt not, into
which the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Potter] fell, who said that $7,000,000 had
been paid for the use of this patent, I thought
it my duty to make some inquiries on the
subject. I find that he is mistaken.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to interrupt the
gentleman from Massachusetts here, to say
that I had applied for the floor before he rose
to make of my own motion the correction to
which • he refers, and which, although the
remark to which he alludes was not taken by
the reporters, should nevertheless be made.
I had heard the words " seven millions"
used by gentlemen about me in reference, as I
understood it, to this roofing, and on looking
at the footing of the account handed me I was
thus misled into reading dollars for cents,
and I read the figures $7,038,481 instead of
$73,884 81, as they should be read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well,
now as this whole immense plunder all over
the United States descends from $7,000,000 to
$76,000, it is not so bad as I thought it was,
because if in making roofing only $76,000 has
been expended all over the United States,
nobody has got very rich from it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is not my state-
ment at all.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I observed
that nobody corrected the statement of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Potter] when
he made it, but sat by very quietly and allowed
it to go to the country without correction.
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] at thetime said "not
millions ; " but the reporters did not catch it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I appeal
to anybody to state whether any one heard the
correction till now:
Mr. POTTER. It was heard all around
here.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. It was
not heard on this side of the Chariiber.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very
well; now we all hear it; now it is set right;
now the country is not shocked that we have
been paying $7,000,000 for a patent roofing.
The next point I wish to call the attention of
this House to, for I have made inquiry about
thiS thing, is this: it is said tnat nobody uses
this patent roofing. 1 find that is true, but it
is not the whole truth. This roofing com-
pany, in the first place, is a gas-fitting com-
pany, a plumbing company, and a roofing
company; it deals in tin and copper roofing.
This patent used by the Government is for
copper roofs. No builder now puts on copper
roofs, because they are liable by expansion to
tear And this patent, which is used by the
United States, is a patent for mending old
copper roofs. This company guarantees that
the five years mended copper roofing shall not
tear if they do the mending. Therefore, this
patent is used in repairing old copper roofs.
Nobody now puts up buildings with copper
roofing; in the first place, because copper is
worth forty-two cents a pound, and they can-
not afford it; and, in the next place, it is not
a fit material for roofing anyhow. The whole
amount paid during the last year to this com-
pany for copper roofing, mending copper roof-
ing, gas-fitting, and plumbing, was $76,000, as
was stated yesterday.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Ob, no; $130,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well, be
it so; $130,000 has been expended all over
this country for all this plumbing, gas-fitting,
copper roofing, and mending copper roofing,
under a guarantee that the roofing should be
kept perfect for five years, free of expense to
to the Government of the United States.
Now, sir, after the complaint was made
here two years ago, on the 3d of July, 1870,
the Secretary of the Treasury took up these
contracts with the roofing company. After he
had investigated the whole subject he ordered
what should be done, and I have in my hand
two of his letters that I shall ask the Clerk to
read. Since June and July, 1870, the work
has been going on under a contract made
directly with the Secretary of the Treasury,
with which Mr. Mullett has had nothing to do
whatever. I ask the Clerk to read those
letters.
The Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Department,
Office of the Secretary, June 27, 1870.
Sir: My attention having been called to the ar-
rangements made with Shepherd & Co. forthe Vaux
copper roofing, I am satisfied that they are so un-
favorable to the Government as to justify me in
ordering their suspension. You will therefore give
no further orders for roofing.
Very respectfully,
GEO. S. B0UTWHLL, Secretary.
A. B. Mullett, esq.,
Supervising Architect Treasury Department.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Gentle-
men will see that that letter is dated the 27th
of June. Now listen to what the Secretary
says on the 23d of July.
The Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Department,
Office of the Secretary, July 23, 1870.
Sir: The treasurer of tho Vaux Roofing Compan y
may be notified that the Department will continue
the contract for roofs constructed by them upon the
following terms:
The commission of fifteen per cent, to be limited
to the cost of the materials and the wages of the
workmen; and the royalty be five cents instead o■'
ten cents per square foot.
Very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
A, B. Mullett, esq..
Supervising Architect Treasury Department.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Now, if
anybody is to blame, it is the Secretary of the
Treasury,
