2850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
change in the law, as I was opposed in the
last Congress to including widows in the law
then passed. I am unable to see that the ser-
vice of a man in the Army gives any one who
may be married to him a fair claim upon the
bounty of the Government. In this, however,
I was overruled by the committee, and agree-
ably to their instructions I have reported the
bill. It is impossible to make an estimate
approaching accuracy of the number of per-
sons who, if this provision should become a
law, would be added to the pension-roll; but
it must be several thousand at least.
The bill further provides that all applica-
tions for pensions already made under the
law already in force shall be considered and
decided as though made under this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELLIS LEWIS ltROWN, ETC.
Mr. WILLARD also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the following cases; and
the same were referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions:
The papers relating to the petition of Ellis
Lewis Brown for a pension ; and
The petition of Jedediah Gay, for pension
for services in the war of 1812.
JOSEPIItNK MILLS, ISTC.
Mr. WILLARD also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the following cases; which
were referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims :
The petition of Josephine Mills and Martha
U. Mills, heirs of Captain Daniel W. Mills, for
com mutation and bounty for services in the
war of the Revolution; and
J lie petition of Mrs. Jane Hunter asking for
a pension.
ADVIORSK KKPOUTS.
Mr. WILLARI) also3 ironi the same commit-
tee, made adverse reports in the foil owing
eases ; and the same were laid upon the table :
^ i lie petition ot James h'ieming' for a pen-
sion for wounds in the war of 1812 ; and
The petition of Davis Tucker.
HERMANN HIILM.
Mr. SPRAGUL, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812 re-
ported a bill (II. R. No. 2572) granting a pen-
sion to Hermann Ehlo ; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll of the United States the
nutneof Hermann J. Eble, and pay him a pen-
sion, at the rate ot fifteen dollars per month
commencing February 4, 1871, and to con-
tinue during his natural life.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly-read the third lime, and passed.
Mr. SPRAGUE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
-The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLARD. I think some of the mem-
bers of the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions and ftar of 1812 did not expect the
committee would be called this morning, and,
indeed, some of them perhaps did not expect
the House would be m session for business,
there are other bills to be reported, and sev-
eral matters have been referred to the com-
mittee demanding some investigation I ask
that that committee shall have the next morn-
ing for private bills.
Mr. DAWES. In order that the gentle-
man s committee may have the two moraine
hours to which it is entitled I will relieve him
from his present difficulty, and move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the tariff.
Mr. WILLARD. That will answer my pur-
poses.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following title ; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (S. No. 1014) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to authorize the construction
of a bridge across the Missouri river at or near
St. Joseph, Missouri," approved March 5,
1872.
TARIFF.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union (Mr. Sco-
FIELD in the chair) and resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to reduce
duties on imports and to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes.
Mr. WOOD. I had no expectation of having
an opportunity of addressing the committee
to-day. Indeed, I had supposed we would
have heard from the members of the committee
itself before_ others would be called upon to
discuss the bill. We want to beinstructed. We
desire to hear from the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, or from some of the
intelligent members who have reported the bill
to the House, so as to be informed of its char-
acter much more fully than under existing cir-
cumstances we can be. However, sir, as I have
been applied to to take the floor, and as T am
prepared to go on, I will do so.
This is a bill to modify the existing tariff
and revenue laws. _ It is not an original meas-
ure, but one to revise laws now in existence;
to modify and change particular items, and
alter the taxes and rate of duty on particular
articles imported from foreign countries. I
propose to speak more particularly of the
tariff. Were it an original proposition, I should
have something to say as to the theory upon
which the adjustments should be made. Much
discussion might be had which would be perti-
nent to such a measure that would seem out
of place in this. Besides, I doubt whether
anything new can be said on the theory of
either side. I think that the generalizations
invariably presented on both sides have been
so often argued that it would be folly to revive
them now. For myself, I am obliged to admit
1 if ranno1, "evise any Iiew argument in be-
half of free trade, or a revenue tariff, for or
against protection, direct or indirect, incidental
or accidental^ other than those which have
from time to time been discussed in Congress
ana elsewhere. Nor do I believe any one else
can, H hile the ever-changing course of trade
and alterations in productions, natural and
artificial, affect items and modify policies, the
underlying principles upon which a tariff should
be adopted remain unaltered, and cannot be
enunciated m any clearer or more forcible
light than has been done bv the advocates of
opposite doctrines for the past hundred years
m this country and Europe. Therefore, 1 shall
not attempt it now,
_ I shall endeavor to be practical, confin-
ing myself entirely and altogether to what I
ieetiRS?U,toT? proper consideration of
the bill before the House. As I have said, it
is a bill to revise the existing laws; to change
the duties upon some articles and to abolish
it altogether upon others, the whole to be in
the interest of a reduction of revenue from
this source. It appears to be universally con-
ceded that a reduction is desirable. Even the
Secretary of the Treasury and his friends in
Congress have been at last forced to concede
that lower duties must be adopted. We are
now, therefore, on the descending scale. A
few years ago, when the civil war began, the
opposite policy was necessary. We then began
the ascending grade, and have kept it up
pretty much ever since until last year, when
the engine was reversed under a pressure of
public opinion and we lowered the rate
slightly. Now we are to have a further reduc-
tion, at least such is ostensibly the policy.
Whether it will be realized in practice by the
passage of this bill remains to be seen. There
are some who doubt whether the majority of
both Houses of Congress are sincere in their
intention to do so. There is an apprehension
that a secret influence is operating bigh up in
the Government to retain the present enorm-
ous receipts of the Treasury for partisan
purposes at the coming presidential election
and that this power is sufficiently great to pre-
vent the final adoption of any tariff bill at all.
I do not know whether this suspicion is well
founded, but if so, it may be doubted whether
the effect upon the public mind may not be
more disastrous to the Administration than
any disposition of the surplus toward the pay-
ment of the public debt, or m any other way,
will piove beneficial. But assuming that it is
intended to pass a bill, and that the object is
a reduction of revenue, the question arises:
how great a reduction can be made consistent
with the public requirements? This is the
great underlying basis upon which we are to
revise the tariff. Before w^ can proceed to
consider the bill, it must be decided how much
revenue can be safely lost.
THE REVENUE REQUIREMENTS.
hi order to get intelligently at a fair esti-
mate of the necessities of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, (the
period lor which we now desire to provide
revenue, J it is but proper that we should begin
by taking the estimates ot the Secretary of the
Treasury, as derived from the reports of the sev-
eral bureaus and from other sources. While
I do not concede that these estimates are cor-
rect or should be allowed, yet it is well while
on this point to show how much is asked for
by the Departments.
EXPENDITURES.
Lstinlates of the Treasury Department for the fiical
yearendina June 30, 1873.
Legislative establishment  $3 421 812 40
Executive establishment  17,443,'531 33
Judicial establishment  3,383,350 00
Aliiitary establishment  31,422.509 88
TrSi ^hbshment  18,946,0S8 95
Indian affairs  5,445,617 97
  30,480,000 00
-ruhhc works under—
Treasury Department A3 104 500 00
interior Department  244,800 00
U ar Department 14,609,662 97
aJVy Y<epar,t-Klent  1,483,100 00
Agiicultural Department, 26,500 00
Pn^i^ •  19,468,562 97
M ,   5,474,001 00
plr, , iLTet°UiS    11,258,325 44
sfnking^appropriations  126,281.974 00
InfueudSt upo"of sinking
Total 
22,895,930 00
5,783,333 00
$301,705,036 99
This is the amount estimated for, but it is
not that which should or will be granted. I
do not thmk that Congress can or will concede
tms sum. It is greater than should be allowed
under any circumstances, certainly very far
m excess of what can be justly appropriated
w ere we know the Departments have very
large sums at their command in addition to
e appropriations of Congress Of the items
so ^ •'Fregatp estimate of $301,-
/Uo,0o6 89, jt will be seen that the War and
INavy Departments ask for §50.368,598 83,
or over one sixth of the whole. They ask this
in addition to the sums which they have re-
ceived or have now on hand, or should have,
(or they have not been covered into the
treasury,) for materials sold. The following
an exhibit of sums acknowledged to have
been received. I am indebted to the honor-
