1954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
late lieutenant first Kentucky infantry volun-
teers ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
• harmony, fraternity, and prosperity.
Mr. ARTHUR introduced a bill (H. R~ No.
2080) to promote uniform harmony, fraternity,
and prosperity in all the governments and peo-
ple composing the Federal Union ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
elizabeth d. german.
Mr. GOLLADAY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2081) for the relief of Elizabeth D. Ger-
man, of Tennessee ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
j. yf. lawless.
Mr. GOLLADAY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2082) for the relief of J. W. Lawless;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. GOLLADAY also introduced a bill (H.
E. No. 2083) to remove the political disabil-
ities of.certain citizens of the State of Tennes-
see j which was read a fiivt and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WH1TTHORNE introduced a bill (H.
It. No. 2084) to remove the political disabil-
ities of certain citizens of the State of Tennes-
see ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
administration" op justiok.
Mr. YOORHEBS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2085) to advance the administration of
justice; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. BURDETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2086) for the removal of disabilities ; which
■was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
josiah cunningham.
Mr. HAVENS introduced a bill (II. R. No.
2087) for the relief of Josiah Cunningham ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
refunding of duties
Mr. WALDRON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2088) to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to refund certain duties collected
without authority of law; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
chicago relief bill.
Mr. "WALDRON also presented a concur-
rent resolution of the Legislature of the Stats
of Michigan, in regard to the Chicago relief
bill now pending in the Congress of the Uni-
ted States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
jedediaii gray.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 2089) granting a pension to
Jedediah Gray, a soldier of the ivar of 1812 ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
and War of 1812, and ordered to be printed.
sale of middle island, saginaw river.
Mr. SUTHERLAND introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2090) to authorize the sale of Middle
Ground or Island, in Saginaw river, in the State
of Michigan ; which was read a first and sec- I
ond time, referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
uniform railway charges, etc.
Mr. McCRARY introduced abill (H. R. No.
2091,) to require uniform charges for transfer-
ring freight and passengers by railroad com-
panies and other common carriers, and to pre-
vent unjust discrimination in favorof or against
particular persons or places; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
madison library association.
Mr. McCRARY also introduced a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 115) for the relief of
the Madison Library Association, of Fort
Madison, Lee county, Iowa ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing, and ordered to be printed.
reclaimed lands in wisconsin.
Mr. ELDREDGE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2092) relating to the disposition of cer-
tain lands to be reclaimed in sections four-
teen, twenty-three, and twenty-six, in town
sixteen, north of range twenty, in the county
of Sheboygan, in the State of Wisconsin;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred, with accompanying papers, to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
post office at racine, wiscoxsix.
Mi-. MITCHELL presented the memorial
of the Legislature of Wisconsin for a post office
at Racine, Wisconsin; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and ordered to be printed.
hawaiian bark florence.
Mr. SARGENT introduced abill (H. R. No.
2093) to grant an American register to the
Hawaiian bark Florence; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
placeuville railroad.
Mr. SARGENT also presented a joint reso-
lution of the California Legislature, praying
that if the Placerville railroad is not constructed
by 1873 the lands granted in favor thereof be
declared forfeited; which was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
weight of silver, coin.
Mr. HOUGHTON presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislature ofthe State of California,
requesting that the weight of silver coin be
raised to the standard of 1850; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Coinage, Weights,
and Measures, and ordered to be printed.
i'rocekds of public land sales.
Mr. HOUGHTON also presented a joint
resolution of the Legislature of the State of
California, relative to the donation of the net
proceeds of the sales of public lands of the
United States to the States and Territories in
which such lands are situated for the support
of public schools; which was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
kound valley indian reservation.
Mr. COGHLAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2094) to provide for the sale to actual set-
tlers of the surpluslands of the Round Yalley
Indian reservation ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
sea-wall at trinity harbor, california.
Mr. COGHLAN also presented joint res-
olution of the Legislature of the State of Cal-
ifornia, asking an appropriation for a sea-wall
or breakwater at Trinity haibor, in said State;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to bo printed.
h. ii. m c0lley.
Mr. KENDALL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2095) for the relief of H. H. McColley ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
correction of officer's record.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. li. No. 11C)
authorizing the Secretary of War to correct
an Army officer's record; which was lead a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
george w. black.
Mr. ARMSTRONG introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2096) for the relief of George W. Black ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
dakota railroad companies.
Mr. ARMSTRONG also introduced abill
(H. R. No. 2097) granting the right of way
to certain railroad companies in the Territory
of Dakota ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
wyoming territory.
Mr. JONES introduced a bill .(H. R. No.
2098) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide a temporary government for the Ter-
ritory of Wyoming," approved July 25, 1868;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The States and Territo-
ries having been called for bills on leave and
joint resolutions, they will next be called for
resolutions, and the pending bill under this
call is the bill (H. R. No. 1647) supplemental
to an act entitled "An act to protect all citi-
zens of the United States in their civil right?,
and to furnish the meansfor their vindication."
The pending question is on a motion of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,] to
lay the bill oil the table.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. B'rye] that he
consent to the reference of this bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary, so as to allow-
other bills and resolutions to be introduced
during the remainder ofthe morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain debate during the morning hour of Mon-
day.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Then I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to make a motion
of higher privilege. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it he to meet on Wed-
nesday ; and on that motion I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 18, nays 151, not voting
71 5 as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Biggs, Bird, Campbell,
Davis, Dox, Du Bose, Golladay, Hanks, Kerr, Ale •
Neely, Niblack, Potior, Roosevelt, Shober, Van
Trump, Winchester, and Young—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams. Ame«. Avon]I
Barber, Barry, Beatty, Beveridge, Bigby, Austin
Blair, Bright, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Bullin -
ton, Burchard, Burdett, Caldwell, Coburn, Coghian
Conger, Conner, Cotton, Cox, Crocker, Cro^bnd
Dickey, Donnan, Duell, Bunnell, Eamcs Elliott,
Ely, -carns worth, Fanveil, Fmkelnburg, Ohailef
Foster, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye,
^arfield, Getz, Goodrich, Griffith, Hale, Ilambieton,
iiancock, llandley, Harrner, Harper, Georgo E. Har-
ris, John i Harris, Havens, liawiey. Hay, Hays
Gerry W. llazelton, John W. Hazeiton, llerndon,
Ilibbard, llil , Hoar, Hooper. Iloughton, Koliey,
Kotcham, Killinger. King, Lamison, Lamport, Ban-
!rn?ii  ?a , ^?wls' H'me,Lynch, Man«on, Maynard,
McClelland, McCorniick, McGrew, McLntyre, Me-
Juukm, Mercur, Mernam, Merrick, Benjamin F.
xueyers, Mitchell, Monroe, Moore, Morcy, Leonard
Myers, ISegley, Orr, Packard, Palmer, Hosea W.
Parker, Isaac C, Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Aaron F.
