1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2851
able member from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] for
these figures:
Official report of the War Department for sales of
Government property during the years indicated,
Received by Quartermaster's Bureau:
186 6 $30,470,579 44
1867   3.442,913 28
186 7  16,246,716 46
186 8  5,841,270 61
18o9  1,071.264 96
1870  1,039,264 96 !
187 0  9,291,111 01 1
187 1  1,875,728 84
Total  $69,278,849 56
1867..
Received by Bureau of Ordnance:
  $1,079,937 73
  432,200 23
  2,330,767 26
186 9  1,372,967 66
1870   2,167,202 82
187 1  9,960.895 97
Total 17,313,971 67
The amount expended by the Ifreed-
men's Bureau since June 30, 1865, in
addition to amounts appropriated by
Congress, is  1,835,074 35
Total $19,179,046 02
Under date of March 18, the bureau reports
to the War Department that the proceeds of
sales of Freedmen's Bureau property were
never "covered into" the Treasury, but ''ac-
counted for" to the Treasury, and expended as
other funds belonging to the bureau. (See
letter Secretary of War to House .Representa-
tives, March 18, 1872, Executive Document
No. 200.)
The Navy Department thus far has refused
to account for the large sums received for sale
of old vessels, materials, arms, &c.. or, if offi-
cially reported, it has not been covered into
the Treasury accoiding to law. Like the
Freedmen's Bureau, it is claimed that they
have been "accounted for." How "account-
ed for?" By making up an account current
in which certain sums are admitted to have
been received, but disposed of according to the
personal will of the Department without law
or the knowledge or sanction of Congress.
Thus an officer of the Government becomes
the disposer of property and disburser of the
proceeds both at the same time. How great
are the inducements to fraud arid peculation
in practices of this kind ! Certainly, the fre-
quent exposures of official delinquency under
this Administration does not warrant the be-
lief that the exercise of such discretionary
power over public property and money can be
secure in the hands of the present officials.
Besides, there are laws which forbid this. It
is a penal offense for any officer of the Gov-
ernment to make himself or any private insti-
tution a "depository of funds coming into
his hands. The Secretary of the Treasury can-
not do so under the law. The Constitution
article one, section nine, declares that—
" No money shall be drawn from the Treasury
but in consequence of appropriations made by law,
and aregular statement and account of the receipts
a.nd expenditures of all public money shall be pub-
lished from time to time."
This provision is shamefully disregarded.
A call upon the President for an account of
the moneys received for the sale of material by
the Navy Department since the close of the
war has received no other attention than a
curt letter from the Secretary of the Navy,
saying that he could not furnish it unless an
appropriation was made to bear the expense
ot preparing it, thus addiug insult to the pal-
pable violation of a direct and explicit require-
ment ot the Constitution. The balances now
on hand and lying over from unexhausted ap-
propriations, and the amounts undisposed of
for property sold, cannot be obtained. The
Department not giving the information, it is,
of course, impossible to ascertain it. It may
be one or fifty million ; but, more or less, it is
evident Tbat Congress is required to prepare
for the total sum asked for the support of the
Government without reference to it.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a remark?
Mr. WOOD. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentlemen has
some data upon which he makes so grave a
charge as that. I am prepared to say, sir,
that there is not the slightest foundation for
any such statement as the gentleman has made.
I say that there has not a dollar gone into the
Treasury of the United States from the pro-
ceeds of any property whatever that is not ac-
counted for to the utmost farthing. Any gen-
tleman who will take the time to examine it,
can ascertain that fact to his entire satisfac-
tion. It is true that the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] has found some difficulty,
aud it is true that the Department has found it
impossible to bring before us copies of ail the
vouchers that have been given in the mass of
business since 1865. But neither the gentle-
man from Kentucky, nor any other gentleman,
nor any voucher produced, has shown that
there is any considerable sum of money, or
any sum of money whatever, unaccounted for
from the proceeds of property sold.
Mr. BECK. As my name has been called,
I desire to say to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts that the official returns of the War
Department alone show receipts and expendi-
tures of over $138,000,000 in excess of appro-
priations, aud that the War Department has
up to this time failed to tell the House or the
country what has been done with it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask a question ?
Mr. BECK. In a moment. I wish to
say further, that the House, by a resolution
passed at my request, called on the Secretary
of the Treasury to tell us what portions of
those sales had been paid into the Treasury,
or had been redrawn ; and although nearly
three months have elapsed and the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, so far as the
War Department is concerned, has been made
out and ready for nearly three weeks and been
sent to the War Department, it has been with-
held and is now withheld, because, according
to reliable information which I have from the
Department, they cannot account for the
money for which they have sold that property.
Aud if gentlemen want to contradict this state-
ment let them insist upon the Departments
giving the official information ; and if they
can account for it I will retract anything I
may have said.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, and Mr. KEL-
LEY rose.
The CHAIRMAN. To whom does the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wood] yield?
Mr. WOOD. To the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Kelley.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow me but one moment I wish to
give notice that, as regards those particular
points to which the gentleman has now been
referring, I desire to take an early occasion,
when I may have some time which I do not
take from another gentleman, but have in my
own right, to give a specific reply to the state-
ments recently made.
Mr. BECK. And I want to give notice that
I will insist that the Secretary of the Treasury
shall return what has been paid by those De-
partments and redrawn.
Mr. KELLEY. I understand the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] yielded to
me. Finding such an interpellation aud wrang-
ling as this arising in the early part of this dis-
cussion, induces me to make the suggestion
that the majority of the committee owe it to
the House to give it some exposition of their
bill, and to present their views, that the mem-
bers of the House generally may know what
they are discussing. That, I believe, is ihe
usual practice and custom.
Mr. BECK. When the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] shows that he is
able to answer the speech made yesterday he
will hear more; but until the gentleman from
Pennsylvania does that he has no right to
open his mouth in complaint as to not hear-
ing from the other side.
Mr. KELLEY. When three of the major-
ity shall have spoken, they will hear from the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, and he will
leave four to cover his rear.
Mr. WOOD. I must resume the floor. In
addition to what I was stating when I yielded
the floor to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
I will say that I hold in my hand a letter from
the Secretary of War, Executive Document
No. 200, which goes very far to prove my alle-
gation, so far as the War Department is con-
cerned.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman point
out what there is in that letter which justifies
his statement that any property has been dis-
posed of and not accouuted for ? That the
Secretary of War has not given a bill of par-
ticulars item by item, I admit, although that
he has given good reason for not giving that
bill of particulars it seems to me every fair-'
minded man will agree. But that the Secre-
tary of War has admitted anywhere, that he
has not denied everywhere, that a dollar of
money has been received by the War Depart-
ment and not accounted for, I should like to
have the gentleman read to that effect.
Mr. WOOD. Sir, I propose to answer the
gentleman from Massachusetts very briefly,
and I admire hia ingenuity and the happy facil-
ity he has of using phrases calculated to mis-
lead. Now, the Secretary of War, in his let-
ter, denies nothing. He sends to this House
certain reports and statements from certain
bureaus in his Department. All he refers to
at all is the total amount, which, I think, is
$107,000,000.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts says
that he accounts for everything, and that there
is nothing that he has not accounted for. How
accounted for? I will explain to the com-
mittee what that means. It means that sub-
ordinates under the Secretary of War assumed
the responsibility of selling these war mate-
rials and accounted for them in their own way
by disposing of the money as they pleased, and
rendering to the Treasury such accounts as
they pleased. That is the way he accounts
for it. Now, that is a gross and palpable vio-
lation of law. The War Department has
received over $100,000,000 of theproceedsof
the sale of munitions of war and other prop-
erty, and the officers in that Department have
assumed the responsibility of not making a
deposit of that money in the Treasury, but
of considering and treating it as an appropria-
tion by Congress and expending it and account-
ing for it in their own way without any official
return. Why, sir, let me refer to one particu-
lar item in the statement on page 23, Executive
utive Document No. 200. Here is a statement
from Albert J. Myer, brigadier general and
chief signal officer of the Army. He says :
War Department,
Offioe of the Chief Signal Offickr.
Sir: In pursuance of instructions oootained in
circular letter from your office of this date, I have
the honor to submit herewith a detailed report of
sueh public property pertaining to the signal service
of the Army as has been disposed of by sale since
June 30,1865, and to inform you that the proceeds
of said sales were deposited by l?irst Lieutenant L.
B. Xorton, then property and disbursing officer of
this office, with the Treasurer of the United States,
and afterward drawn out and expended by him in
replacing the articles sold, thus disbursing the ag-
gregate of these sales, $3,562 32, in addition to the
amounts appropriated by Congress for the service
of the several fiscal years commencing July 1, 1865.
Veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
ALBERT J. MYER.
Accompanying this is a table showing that
this same head of the signal service is set down
as selling to himself signal equipments belong-
ing to the Government in 1870, by private sale
to himself, to the amount of $148 96, and thus
taking to himself the public property and
making such return as in his judgment is a just
compensation. Now, this is a clearand palpa-
ble violation of the law.
