1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
were enabled to alternate our presence in this
Chamber and in the committee-room, and not
allow the minority to be unrepresented at the
sessions of the committee. In that way, and
in that way only, were we enabled to keep our-
selves acquainted with the progress of that
investigation and to make report upon the
facts which were brought before the committee.
I therefore respectfully submit to the Senate
that there should be at once a change in the
committee to that extent, either to subtract
some member of the majority, or, if not that,
to add a member to the minority, and this for
the practical reason which I have given. As
I said before, if it be not done, I think that the
plain sense of the people of this country will
understand distinctly why it was not, done.
Why, Mr. President, the investigations of
this committee are not to bo limited to a single
case. The honorable Senator from New York
[Air. Conkling] seemed to consider that there
was but one case of defalcation, that of Pay-
master Hodge, to be considered, and there he
would stop. At least such I judged to be his
view from the tenor of his remarks. Other
Senators have stated there was no necessity
for investigation at all. Sir, the thing to be
investigated is not whether Mr. Hodge took
some $450,000 out of the public Treasury for
his own uses, startling and shocking as that
is, but it is that he could have continued that
course of things for five or six years and no
officer of our Government in all that time have
knowledge or means of knowledge of the facts,
or be able or willing to check his operations.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me a moment'!
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Sitting in a remote cor-
ner of the Chamber, and not hearing precisely,
I understand that, the honorable Senator said
of me that having offered a resolution to invest-
igate the Hodge case I thought that was suffi-
cient, and that there investigation should stop.
Did the Senator so declare?
Mr. BAYARD. That was about the sub-
stance of what I said.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg my honorable friend
to hear me express my surprise that he should
make such a declaration as that in regard to
me. I beg to put him right on that subject, and
to say to him that it is new to my apprehension
that when a Senator offers a resolution direct-
ing inquiry to be made in some flagrant case,
that, implies that there ho thinks investigation
should stop; in other words, having nominated
one case which should be investigated, he
thereby implies that no other case should be.
Now 1 wish, once for all, to commit myself to
my friend and to his friends in this Chamber,
by saying that as often as he or any other mem-
ber of the body will propose any investigation,
aimed at either individuals or officials, or if
that is asking a responsibility to bo assumed
which may be regarded as disagreeable, when-
ever any one will point out any field, will des-
ignate auy branch of the public service, any
matter or thing which he desires to be invest-
igated, I will go wii,h him to the very verge
and vote for the most radical, sweeping, and
searching investigation which he knows how
to contrive. Therefore, I beg my honorable
friend never to suppose of me again, when I
offer a lesolution directing that, an investiga-
tion be had of an instance in which one cul-
prit has appeared and in which there may
be others behind, that I thereby intend in any
way to indicate that other investigations ought
not to occur, and that I will not vote for them
cheerfully.
Mr. BAYAPlD. I rejoice over, I will not
say the' reformation of the honorable Senator
from New York 
Mr. CONKLING. Noj the Senator will
not say that, because it would be disingenu-
ous.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not call it reforma-
tion, but I accept his offer, and I shall there-
fore present for his vote the amendment of
the honorable Senator from Illinois, in order
that he may have the opportunity of show-
ing some little works as well as faith in this
business, and if he is willing and desirous to
pursue this investigation upon all proper sub-
jects he can have the opportunity which, hers
let me say, he strangely treated a few days ago,
for I find that his vote is recorded in opposi-
tion to this very measure of inquiry which a
Senator on this floor, second to none upon
it in ability and character, the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois, did propose, and which was
voted down by the aid of my friend from New
York.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the honorable Sen-
ator's pardon. The record does not show
what he has now stated, unless the record
shows something which transpired when I was
not in the Chamber. And while the Senator
is interrupted, as 1 shall not, impede liim at
all, I beg to say that as I declared several
days ago in my place that I should vote for
an amendment or for a proposition instruct-
ing the committee as broadly as the. one the
Senator now proposes, he may rely upon it he
will have my vote when he offers it, and that
although I may believe that a broader, better,
more specific direction than that can be given,
I will vote for that as far as it goes; and when
some Senator shall propose a proposition likely
to lead to a more searching investigation, then
I will vote for that. I give the benator my
assurance in advance.
Mr. BAYAIID. I cannot—probably it is
my fault,—precisely understand the honorable
Senator from New York. I find here, in the
Globe of Friday, December 15. the report of
the debate; I find the proffer of the resolu-
tion of the honorable Senator from Illinois
proposing to instruct the committee 
Mr. CONKLING. No, not proposing to
instruct the committee ; re,id it.
Mr. BAYARD. I will read the amend-
ment, and we will see what, it is:
And that said committee be instructed to inquire
into tiie expenditures in all branches of the service
of the United States, and to report whether any and
what offices ought to be abolished; whether any and
what salaries or allowances ought to be reduced;
what are the methods of procuring accountability
in public officers or agents in the care and disburse-
ment of public moneys; whether moneys have been
paid out illegally; whether any officers or agents or
otner persons have been or are employed in the
public service without authority of.law or unneces-
sarily; and generally how and to what extent the
expenses of the service of the country may and ought
to be curtailed.
And also to consider the expediency of so amend-
ing the laws under which appointments to the pub-
lic service are now made as to provide for withdraw-
•in&' the public service from being u.sed as an instru-
ment of political or partv patronage.
That said committee be authorized to sit during
the recess of Congress, to send tor persons and papers,
and to report by bill or otherwise; and that said
committee may appoint a clerk.
There was the proposition, and on that I
find the name of the honorable Senator re-
corded in the negative. How can there be on
this subject to the minds of plain men any
doubt as to where the Senator from New York-
stood on that day? I do not know where he
may stand to-day, and although he may be able
by that subtilty of logic which he possesses to
escape 
Mr. CONKLING. Now, if my friend will
allow me, I ask lorn to send me the Globe wit.li
which lie has finished. He seems to be seek-
ing to involve me in an inconsistency or con-
tradiction, and therefore I beg him to allow me
to interpose.
Mr. BAYARI). I beg the Senator's pardon.
I see that the honorable Senator is doing that
work himself, without my aid or interference.
Mr. CONKLING. So 1 observe that the
Senator sees that, as he thinks, and I wish to
put him right. Now, it lie will listen to me he
will not see any such thing', unless he sees that
which is not to be seen. On the occasion to
which the Senator refers (and 1 have not looked
at therecord at all) it was proposed in advance,
a resolution being pending creating a standing
committee, to petiil'y what the Senator has read
in the rules of the Senate as apart of the stand-
ing title of that committee. The Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] and other Senators
pointed out, as it seemed to me. the inexpedi-
ency of so doing; and in the argument which
then occurred it was said—I said myseif in my
seat, and I rather think, as I said it audibly,
it is upon the record although I do not stop to
look—but many Senators said, no one say-
ingto the contrary, that they would vote for
instructions, if the committee was formed, as
broad as these and broader if any could be
framed. I think nobody has ever said to the
contrary.
For myself, as I am upon this point, and my
friend from Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] is witness
to what I am going to say, I beg to make this
remark: on the first morning when this com-
mittee was proposed I myself drew up a reso-
lution, which I have in my desk now, and
showed it to Senators, proposing to offer it,
raising a committee of this body, deeming a
joint committee objectionable, with the am-
plest powers, and directing them to investigate.
That was before the debate at all. Therefore
the Senator can readily see that, I was never
opposed to this. I was oppos-d, in the instance
to which the Senator has referred, to putting
in the rules of the Senate,to go in the Manual,
a standing title of a committee to which all this
should be appended; and therefore I voted to
preserve the resolution of the Senator from
Rhode Island as he offered it, that there should
be added to the list of Senate committees a
Committee on Retrenchment and Investiga-
tion, so that thobst would read symmetrically :
a Committee on Finance, a Committee on the
Judiciary, a Committee on Foreign Relations,
a Committee on Retrenchment and Investiga-
tion, &q. For that 1 voted, m the same breath
declaring that I would vote for the broadest
and mosl searching instructions to be given to
that committee, and to empower it, to sweep
me whole range of the public service and visit
every domain in which it was alleged corrup-
tion might exist.
Therefore I think that my friend will do me
the justice to say that there is no inconsistency
in this, but that, on the contrary, the record
of the Senate shows that there is no monopoly
of virtue here, but that gentlemen on the one
side of this Chamber as much as those on the
other are willing to have, in the broadest and
highest and deepest sense, every investigation
which good faith and integrity of purpose can
suggest. The Senator does not doubt, that.
1 know him well enough and he knows me well
enough to justify me iti saying that he does not
doubt it.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. Presidenf, a gentle-
man so t-horoughlyeapable of vindicating him-
self with such accuracy, suehlogie, such perfect
command of language as we know distinguishes
the honorable Senator from New York, should
surely not call upon so humble an individual
as my.self to testify that he was completely
consistent in his positions between last Thurs-
day and to day. He must have some doubts
in h;s own inind, and I still cannot, say that he
has removed from my mind the doubt or the
conviction which is to-day fortified by my own
eye-sight, by the published record of these
proceedings in the Globe, that he did most
distinctly and emphatica'ly vote against the
most substantial proposition to reach the very
reform of which he now says he is so warmly
in favor. There stands the fact. There is the
vote. There is the record. What the gentle-
man said m his seat—and 1 know he says a
great many things in his seat that sometimes
do not appeal in the Globe—what he whis-
pered to his colleagues, what, h • may have
inferred or intended, it is not for me to know,
for that portion was los„ upon me, I merely
leitera;,; what I said, that my honorable friend
from Xc\v York did distinctly vote on Thurs-
day a.iihist die infusion into liiis rule and the
appointment of this committee of a proposi-
tion which undoubtedly would have led to that
