1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8^47
Mr. PL ATT. I desire to offer a substitute
for the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot yield
for a substitute.
Mr. PLATT. I appeal to the sense of
justice of this House not to permit a merito-
rious public officer to be attacked here, and
then to choke off all debate upon the subject.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will hear the
amendment of the gentleman read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas chargcs have been made by a member
of this House. Hon. J. f. Faknswoeth. affecting
the integrity of the supervising architect of the
Treasury, Mr. A. B. Mullettt: Therefore,
Resolved, That Hon. J. F. Fak.ysworth be, and
he hereby is. requested to present all inform-
ation m his possession touching the official integrity
of the said A. B. Muliett to the United States attor-
ney for the District of Columbia, for the purpose
of enabling the said attorney to institute such crim-
inal proceedings against the said A. B. Muliett as
may be deemed proper.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio yield to allow this substitute to be offered?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man desires to make remarks, I will yield to
him for five minutes.
Mr. PLATT. A gentleman near me remarks
that this resolution is very strong. It is so.
I have made it just as strong as possible in
order that this officer may have every oppor-
tunity given by the laws of the country to meet
in the proper place the charges made here,
and to show how unfounded every one of them
is. The charges made yesterday on this floor
by a member of the House would, if they can
be established, render the officer against whom
they are made amenable to the laws of the
country by which provision has been made for
the punishment of just such offenses. If the
charges made here be true, this officer is liable
to fine and imprisonment under the laws of
the country for malfeasance in office and for
fraud. A tribunal of justice is the proper
place for the gentleman from Illinois to take
his charges; and it is his duty as a good citi-
zen and a member of Congress, in view of the
responsibility resting upon him, when he ob-
tains knowledge ot facts affecting the integrity
ot an officer of the Government, to take meas-
ures for bringing that officer before the bar
of justice.
For three years I have heard these charges
made and reiterated in every possible form.
The gentleman from Illinois, on all other
questions so fair and generous, seems almost
insane with reference to the supervising
architect. Over and over again the gentle-
man has on the floor of the House attacked
this officer as derelict in his duty and guilty
of official malfeasance. Now I will give the
House a statement of the facts in relation to
this contract for roofing—a simple statement
which will fully vindicate the officer aspersed.
I will state the facts without prejudice; and I
hope the House will do this man the justice
of giving attention to my statement.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man will give the source of his information
as to these facts. I obtained mine from an
investigating committee.
Mr. PLATT. The facts which I propose
to state are facts which will appear fully
whenever this officer has the opportunity to
vindicate himself.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Who told the gen-
tleman what he proposes to state?
Mr. PLATT. I obtained my information
from the Treasury Department and from per-
sonal investigation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. From what officer
of the Treasury Department?
Mr. PLATT. I obtained my information
where the gentleman can get all the facta.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Tell us where you
get your facts.
Mr. SARGENT. I object to interruptions,
when the gentleman has but five minutes.
Mr. PLATT. I desire to say that the con-
tract with the Vaux Roofing Company was not
made by the supervising architect with the
approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, as
is usual in such cases ; but it was made under
written orders from the Secretary of the Treas-
uj7, the letter being dictated by himself to
his phonographic clerk. The merits of this
roofing and the nature of the contract were
fully explained to the Secretary, who, after
taking the opinion of experts and mechanics
in whom he had confidence, renewed the con-
tract. It is therefore the contract of the Sec-
retary himself, and not in any respect that of
the supervising architect, who has had nothing
to do with the matter except by direction of
tbe Secretary of the Treausury.
The price paid as royalty for this roofing is
only five cents per foot, instead of ten or
twelve, as stated. It is also untrue that this
roofing is being used on all public buildings.
It is used only for the cheeks of Mansard
roofs, in which no material but copper can be
used, and in repairing the defective roofs of
old buildings, originally covered with corru-
gated iron, and in which the pitch is too fiat
for slate. It has been stated here that the
supervising architect is introducing this spe-
cies of roofing on all the public buildings in
the United States. That is very far from be-
ing true. For the past three years not a sin-
gle building has been designed in the office of
the supervising architect, except for a slate
roof. The contract is simply this : theVaux
Roofing Company get fifteen per cent, on the
cost of material and labor. No material has
ever been shipped from tbis city ; it has, in
every case, been shipped directly to the point
where it was to be used from themanufactory,
the vouchers of the roofing company being
supported and verified by the bills and vouchers
of the original manufacturers, and in every
case the material is charged to and paid by for
the Governmentatthelowest cash trade prices,
which all gentlemen familiar with commercial
matters understand to be from ten to fifteen
per cent, below the wholesale prices. It is
true thaton various occasions it has been found
necessary to send men who were skilled cop-
tier workers to points where no such mechan-
ics can be found, but this certainly is not the
fault of the supervising architect, who cannot
be charged with responsibility for the absence
of skilled labor at remote and unimportant
points of the country; and it is only where
this has been the case that skilled copper-
smiths have been sent to do the work, their
fare to and from being paid as a matter of
course; but it is not true that fifteen percent,
is added to tbis cost for the benefit of the
roofing company.
The company guarantee the roofs for ten
years, making all necessary repairs during that
time, without cost to the Government. The
gentleman making these charges proclaims, as
a remarkable and damaging fact, that no pri-
vate parties use the Vaux roofing. Certainly
not, for 110 private parties use copper for roof-
ing. Having the management of their own
affairs in their own hands, private parties use
cheaper material, tin or iron for metal roofs,
and preserve them by frequent painting; but
tin and iron roofs were found expensive, and
liable to destruction on Government buildings
from the frequent neglect of Congress to make
appropriations for their repair when needed,
many roofs were totally lost by this neglect;
and Government finds it vastly more econom-
ical to use the better though more expensive
material in repairing the roofs of old public
buildings. The first trial of the Vaux patent
by the Government was on the north wing of
the Treasury Department, when erected. It
has there stood the severest tests, never has
cost one dollar for repairs, and is now in as
good condition as when laid, while on the
remainder of the building the roof laid only
two years earlier, but of different material, has
been repaired and patched until it looks like
an old-fashioned bed-quilt. My time is so
limited that I can only allude to one other
portion of the remarks of the gentleman from
Illinois, in which he charges that gas-fixtures
have been purchased in Washington from
Mr. Shepherd by the supervising architect,
and shipped at great aud needless expense to
remote points to be placed in Government
buildings. There is not a particle of truth in
this assertion. The gentleman has been totally
misinformed on this subject, and in simple
justice ought to have investigated the facts
before uttering such grave and unfounded
charges. In every case where gas-fixtures
have been purchased by direction of the super-
vising architect for any building under his con-
trol they have been purchased directly from
the manufacturers without the intervention of
any third party. Mr. Shepherd has had no
more to do with it than tbe gentleman from
Illinois himself. Nor has he any interest in
any establishment from which purchases have
been made. These fixtures have been bought
at even lower prices than they have ever been
sold to any private parties, lower than the
most extensive wholesale dealer has been able
to purchase them, and with a great saving of
expense and careful guarding of Government
interests which should and will meet the appro-
bation of the House.
Let us pass this resolution and give the ac-
cusers of this officer an opportunity to make
good their charges, if they can. Should he
prove unfaithful or unworthy, I will raise my
voice for his condemnation and punishment
as loudly as does my friend from Illinois, but
I was and am unwilling that these charges
should go to the country unchallenged and
uncontradicted. I believe the supervising
architect of the Treasury Department to be one
of the purest, ablest, and most valuable of our
public officers. I have no doubt but that he
will emerge from this investigation vindicated
from every aspersion made here or elsewhere.
He is saving millions yearly to the Govern-
ment, and by his ability, fearlessness, and un-
ceasing vigilance has revolutionized the old
and coriupt system of building public struc-
tures, and is erecting a class of buildings equal
to those of any country on earth, which shall
be enduring monuments to the wisdom and
liberality of the Government which authoiized
them, and to the skill and genius of the archi-
tect who designed them and under whose super-
vision they are being erected.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Iyield fora few
moments to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Hoar,] and will then yield to the
gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Stark-
weather.]
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, I hope the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Platt] will with-
draw his amendment. The resolution ori-
ginally proposed isjust to everybody concerned.
It recites the charges made by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] and refers
them for investigation to the official superior
of the supervising architect. On the other
hand a secret investigation by a grand jury,
whatever the result, will render no justice to
anybody. In the next place it is a violation of
the privileges of this House to require a mem-
ber to substantiate words uttered in debate
before a grand jury. I trust my friend will
leave the matter as it was originally.
Mr. GARFIELD, ofOhio. I will yield now
lor one minute to the gentleman from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Starkweather.]
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Mr. Speaker,
members of the House who have been here for
the last two years are aware of the fact that the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
periodically makes this attack upon Mr.
Muliett, the supervising architect of the Treas-
ury. But on this occasion it seemed to him
necessary, in the progress of the debate, not
only to attack Mr. Muliett, but the Commis-
sioner of Patents and the Secretary of the
Treasury, and Mr. A. R. Shepherd of this
city. I think the gentleman cannot afford to
make charges of official corruption against all
