1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1955
Perry, Poland, Prindle, Randall, Read, Edward Y.
Rico, John II. Rice, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts,
Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shoemaker, Sla-
ter, Sloss. II. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith,
Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens,
Steyonson, Storm, Stoughton, Stowell, Sypher,
Thomas, Washington Townsend, Tyner, (Jpson, j
Vaugha,n, Voorhees, Waddell, Wakeman, Walden,
Waldron, Wallace. Warren, Wells, Wheeler, White- ;
ley, Wliitthorno, Willard, Williamsof Indiana, Wil- I
liams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and j
Wood—151. ' |
SOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Arthur, Ranks, j
Barnum, Beck, Bell, Bingham, James G. Blair.
Boles, Braxton, James Brooks, Benjamin P. Butler,
Roderick 11. Butler, Carroll. William T. Clark, Free-
man Clarke, Cobb, Comingo, Crebs. Creely, Critcher,
Dan-all, Dawes, Do Large, Duke, Eldredge, Porker,
Garrett, Ilaldcman, Halsey, Hereford, llolinan, Kel-
logg, Kendall, Kinseila, Marshall, McCrary, Mc-
Henry, MeKee, McKinney, Morgan, ilorphis, Pack-
er, Perce. Eli Perry, Peters, Plait, Porter, Price,
Raincy, William II. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers,
iSeeley, Slocum, Worthington 0. Smith, Snapp, Sny-
der, R. Milton Speer, Strong, St. John. Sutherland,
Swann. Taffe, Terry, Dwight Townsend. Turner,
Tuthiil, Twichell, Walls, and John T. Wilson—71.
So the motion was not. agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Eldredge's
motion, that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The morning hour hav-
ing expired, I withdraw that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Elliott] has risen to move a
suspension of the rules. But before submit-
ting that question, the Chair will now receive
bills for reference only from members who
were not in when their States were called.
new mexico and central railroad.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2099) to incor-
porate the New Mexico and Central Railroad
Company, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
new mexico and gulf railroad.
Mr. POLAND also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2100) to author-
ize the building of the New Mexico and Gulf
railway, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
a. ross.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2101) for the
relief of A. Ross, United States Navy; which
was read a first and second time, referred,
with the accompanying papers, to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
accounts of navy department.
Mr. SCOFIELD also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2102) in
relation to the distribution of prize money in
the Navy; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
removal op political disabilities.
Mr. STOWELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. li. No. 2103) to remove
the disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution from certain
persons named therein ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
addison goodells.
Mr. MOORE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2104) for the relief of
Addison Goodells, of Illinois ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Private Laud Claims.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2105) to
remove the civil and political disabilities of
certain persons named therein; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee oil the Judiciary.
g150r0e s fisher.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H, R. No. 2106) to reim-
burse George S. Fisher for losses sustained by
the burning of a building of the United States
at Kanagawa, in Japan, in 1866; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
c. baskerville and ii. is. whitfield.
Mr. BARRY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 2107) for the relief of
Charles Baskerville and Henry B. Whitfield,
and to compensate them for valuable services
rendered to the United States; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. CRITCHER, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2108) to remove I
the disabilities of certain persons in Virginia ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
arkansas college scrip.
Mr. HANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. Ii. No. 2109) to authorize the
issuance of agricultural college scrip to the
State of Arkansas ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Agriculture, and ordered to be printed.
reservoirs in washington.
Mr. ROOSEVELT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 2110) to construct
one or two night accumulating reservoirs on
the northern border of ^he city of Washington ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. VAUGHAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2111) for the re-
moval of political disabilities from persons in
the State of Tennessee : which was read a
first and sccond time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BRIGHT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. It. No. 2112) for the removal
of the political disabilities of the persons
therein named; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
duties on silk goods.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, presented
the memorial of over eight hundred freehold-
ers, merchants, store-keepers, mechanics, and
others, citizens of the city of Paterson, New
Jersey, asking that no reduction be made on
the present duty on silk goods of foreign man-
ufacture ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HILL. I ask that that memorial be
printed in the Globe.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to its being
printed in the Globe, and suggest that it be
ordered to be printed in the miscellaneous
documents.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and it will be so ordered.
harbor of black river, ohio.
Mr. MONROE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to furnish this House with any recent information
which may have come into his possession or into the
possession of the subordinate officers of his Depart-
ment, in regard to the need of further improvements
in the harbor of Black River, Ohio.
united states court at la crosse.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, bv unanimous
consent, reported back from the Committee on
the Judiciary the bill (H. R. No. 859) to change
the time for holding the circuit and district
courts of the United States for the western dis-
trict of Wisconsin, at La Crosse, with amend-
ments, and with the recommendation that it
do pass.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that the, time for holding the circuit and
district courts of the United States for the
western district of Wisconsin, at La Crosse,
shall be the second Tuesday of September
of each year, instead of the first Monday
of December, as now provided by law, and
that the December term at La Crosse be
abolished, and that all recognizances, indict-
ments, writs, process, and other proceedings,
civil and criminal, now pending in said court
may be entered, heard, and tried at the time
fixed by this bill for the holding of the court.
The second section provides that this act
shall not interfere with the term of said court
appointed to be held at Madison, in the State
of Wisconsin, nor with the power now pos-
sessed by the judges of the court to order a
special term of the same.
The amendments reported by the committee
were "to strike out in line four of section one
the word "second'' and insert "thir<l;"80
that the term of the court shall be held on the
third Tuesday of September; and also to add
to the first section the following proviso:
Provided, however. That a term of said court may-
be held in December, 1872, for the purpose of taking
forfeitures and recognizances and disposing of any
and all matters pending in said courts, civil 6r crim-
inal, necessary to bo disposed of at said court to pre-
vent discontinuances or any loss of any right that
may have accrued to any party or the Government
of the United States.
The amendments reported by the committee
were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
chippewa reservation.
Mr. AVERILL, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Minnesota, asking Congress to secure a ces-
sion of the Chippewa Indian reservation at
the mouth of Pigeon river,in the State of Min-
nesota ; which were referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
wagon-road in minnesota.
Mr. AVERILL also, by unanimous consent,
presented a memorial of the Legislature of the
State of Minnesota, asking Congress for an
appropriation to complete a wagon-road from
Lake Superior to the Lake reservation in Min-
nesota ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
bast chester creek.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to report to this House the cost of removing so much
of the obstructions in East Chester creek as lie
between the points marked on the map referred to
in the report of the chief of engineers, dated Feb-
ruary 14, 1872, as tidalgauges Nos.l and 2, so far as to
afford the same depth of water above station No. 1,
as now prevails below it.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence
for three days was granted to Mr. Porter
on account of important business.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence
for twenty days was granted to Mr. Clark,
of Texas, to enable him to attend to_the tak-
ing of testimony in his contested-election case.
enrolled bill signed.
Mi-. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following title ; when the Speaker signed
, the same:
i A bill (S. No. .;20) to authorize the restora-
| tiou of Giibeit Morton to the naval service.
