1956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
freedmen's bureau.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of War, in relation to the Bureau of
Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands ;
which was referred to the Committee on Freed-
men' s Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
fort collins military reservation.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to the Fort Collins mil-
itary reservation ; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
thomas a. elliott.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the claim of
Thomas A. Elliott; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
mobile harbor.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution of
the House of the 7th instant, in relation to the
improvement of the harbor of Mobile, Ala-
bama; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce. :
pacific railroad companies. j
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con- :
sent, laid before the House a letter from the ;
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a res- >
olution of the House of March 11, 1872, in
relation to the various Pacific Railroad Com-
panies ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed.
united states treasurer.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a re-
port of the committee appointed to examine
the office of the Treasurer of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Expenditures in the Treasury Department.
coals of the pacific coast.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a letter from the Secretary of the Navy, in
compliance with a resolution of the House of
Representatives of March 22, 1872, transmit-
ting the report of Chief Engineer B. P. Isher-
wood, United States Navy, upon experiments
on the coals of the Pacific coast.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that this com-
munication be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
relief to chicago.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of
the State of Wisconsin against the passage
of the bill for the remission of import duties
on building material to be used in rebuilding
the burned district of Chicago, and urging
other modes of relief in her behalf; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
additional messenger.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts be
authorized to allow a messenger to the official re-
porters' room during such period as they may deem
necessary.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
margaret syce.
Mr. PECK, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on Invalid Pensions a bill
(H, R. No. 2114) granting a pension to Mar- i
garet Nyee; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
rolls, subject to the limitations and provisions
of the pension laws, the name of Margaret
Nyce, mother of William Nyce, late a private
in company K, one hundredth regiment of
Ohio volunteers, to take effect from the 1st
day of January, 1870.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
' iiaydejts geological survey.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent, sub-
! mitted the following resolution; which was
! read, and under the law referred to the Cora-
| mittee on Printing:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring-,) That there be
I printed five thousand copies of Professor Hayden's
; report of the geological survey of Colorado and New
Mexico for the year 1869: two thousand copies for
the use of the House of Representatives, one thou-
sand copies for the use of the Senate, one thousand
for the use ot the .Secretary of the Interior, and
one thousand for distribution by ttie Smithsonian
Institution.
CIVIL RIGHTS.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
; upon the resolution of the gentleman from
| South Carolina, [Mr. Elliott,] which will be
: read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows :
RemHcJ, That the rules be so suspended as to
; bring House bill No. 1647 before the House for non-
! s [deration, to the exclusion of other orders, on Wed-
nesday, April 10, at two o'clock p. m.
The title of the bill referred fo in the resolu-
tion is as follows:
A bill (H. II. No. 1047) supplementary to
i an act entitled "An act to protect all citizens
j of the United States in their civil rights, and
! to furnish the means for their vindication."
. Mr. ELDREDGE. Is it in order to call for
i the reading of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The House can dispense
i with its reading.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Is that the same bill
now pending in the morning hour of Monday?
; The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I call for the yeas and
, nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the reading of
the bill.
The SPEAKER. It has already been read
four or five times.
Mr. DICKEY. Then I object to its being
read now.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Is it in order to have
the bill read at length.
; The SPEAKER, It is.
Mr. ELDREDGE, Then I call for the
i reading of the bill.
! Mi-. MAYNAIID, f hope the bill will not
j be read. The pending proposition is a mode
' of getting this bill out of the morning hour of
; Monday, so that we can have it for other pur-
| poses.
; The SPEAKER. The right of a member
is absolute under the rules to have this bill
. read pending the motion to suspend the rules,
: unless the rules be suspended so as to take
i away that right. That is a subsidiary motion,
and can be now made.
; Mr. MAYNARD. I will not make that
| motion.
j The SPEAKER. The bill will be read at
length.
The Clerk read the bill in full.
The SPEAKER. The question is on order-
i ing the yeas and nays on the motion to sus-
| pend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to make a par-
liamentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman if no objection is made.
Mr. MAYNARD. If this motion to sus-
pend the rule shall prevail, will the effect of it
be to take this bill out of the morning hour of
Monday and disembarrass us hereafter of that
bill on Monday?
The SPEAKER. It would take the bill out
of the morning hour.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will this force our
friends on the other side to vote one way or
the other on this bill ?
Mr. COX. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not ?
Mr. COX. Then I object to debate.
The question was then taken; and there
were—yeas 98, nays 80, not voting 62; as fol-
lows:
TEAS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Barber, Barry,
Beatty, Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham, Austin Blair,
George M. Brooks, Buckley, Baffinton, Burchard,
Burdett, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton, Dawes, Dickey,
Donnan, Dunnell, Eames, Elliott, Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield,
Goodrich, Harmer, George E. Harris, Havens, Haw-
ley, Gerry VY. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill,
Hoar,Hooper, Hough ton,Kelley.Ketcham.KiUinger,
Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Maynard, McCrary, Mo-
Junkin, Mercur, Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Morey,
Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard, Palmer, Isaac
C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Peree, Aaron F. Perry,
Poland, Prindle, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sargent,
Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Sheldon. Shellabarerer
Shoemaker. II. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith,
Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevenson,
Stoughton, Stoweli, Sypher, Taffe. Thomas, Wash-
ington Townsend, Turner, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman,
Walden, Waldron, Wallace, Wheeler, Whiteley,
Willard, Williams of Indiana, and Jeremiah M.
Wilson—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, Cald
well, Campbell, Carroll, Conner, Cox, _Criteher.
Crossiand, Davis, Dox. Du Bose, Duke, hldredge,
Henry D. Foster, Getz, Golladay, Griffith, Halde
man. Hambleton, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Har -
per, John T. Harris, Hays, Ilerndon, Hibbard, Ken -
dall, Kerr, King, Lamison, Leach, Lewis. Manson,
Marshall, McClelland, McCormick, McGrew, Mc-
lntyre, McNeely, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyer;,
Mitchell, Niblaek, Hosea W. Parkeiv Eli Perry,
Potter, Price,Randall,Read, Edward Y. Bioe, John
M. Rice, Ritchie, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sherwood,
Shober, Slater, Sloss, Storm. Svrann, Terry, Van
Trump, Vaughan.Voorhees, Waddell,Warren,Well*,
Whitthorne, Williams of New York, Winchester,
and W ood—80.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Banks, Barnum,
Beck, Bell, Boles, James Brooks, Benjamin F. But-
ler, Roderick R. Butler, William T. Clark, Free-
man Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Comingo, Crebs, Crseiy,
Crocker, Darrall, De Large, Duell, Ely, Farns-
worth, Farwell, Forker, Garrett, Hale, Halsey, Hav
Hereford, Holman, Kellogg, Kinsella, Lynch, Mc-
Henry.McIvee.McKinney, Morgan, Morphis^Packer,
Peters. Piatt, Porter, Rainey, William R. Robert?,
Robinson, Seeley, Sessions, Slocum, Worthington
C.Smith. Snapp, Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Stevens,
Strong, St. John, Sutherland, Dwight Townsend,
Tuthill, Twichell, Walls, John T. Wilson, and
Young—02.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof •
the motion to suspend the rules was not
agreed to.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. LYNCH. On this question I am paired
with the gentleman from Indiaua, Mr. Hol-
man. If he were here he would vote " no,!'
and I should vote "ay."
Mr. MARSHALL. My colleague, Mr
Crebs, has been called away by sickness in
his family. If be were here he would vote
•' no."
Mr. LAMISON. My colleague, Mr. Mc-
Kixkey, is unavoidably absent to-day. If he
were present he would vote "no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
message from the senate
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sox, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles :
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 373) for the relief of I.
Ross Browne, late minister to China ;
An act (S. No. 854) for the relief of certain
officers of the Navy; and
