2852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
On page 22 I find, this statement under the
head of " Freedmen's Bureau
Washington, March~l&, 1872.
Sir: The proceeds of sales of Freedmen's Bureau
property were never " covered into the treasury,
but " accounted for "to theTreasury, and expended
as other funds belonging to the bureau.
Very respectfully, yours, ^ WIjiT'i[IjESEY,
Acting Assistant A Ojutanl General,
And Acting Commissioner.
What does he mean by that? I will tell you
what he means by it. He says that the proceeds
of sales of the Freedmen's Bureau property
have been expended in addition to the amount
appropriated by Congress, and the bureau has
been discontinued since 1868; that is to say
that the Freedmen's Bureau have been selling
Government property to the amouut of nearly
two million dollars, and have made just such
disposition of the proceeds of that properly as
it saw proper, without rendering any account
to Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I regret exceedingly that a
diversion of this kind should have taken place
upon this bill, but of course the gentleman can-
not expect that he can make these charges
without issue being taken. He has accounted
for it by saying that it was the subordinates
who sold the property, as I supposed every-
body expected would be the case, avid that
they have accounted for the money, as I sup-
pose everybody also expected. Now, their
accounts go to the Treasury Department, go
through the Auditor'sand Comptroller's offices
of the Treasury Department, and theirvouchers
lie there. Now, if the gentleman from Ken-
tucky or the gentleman from New York will put
his finger on any one of these subordinates who
have been dealing in this property, he can go
to the Treasury Department and show by his
vouchers where the money has gone.
Mr. WOOD. But the head of the Depart-
ment is responsible.
Mr. DAWES. I have a letter from the
Quartermaster General which will throw some
light on this question.
Mr. WOOD. I hope you will give me all
the time you take from me.
Mr. DAWES. Of course I will. I ask the
Clerk to read what I send up.
The Clerk read as follows :
War Department,
Quautkrmastek Uenkkal's Office,
Washington, 1>. C., April 8,1872.
My Dkar Sir : I notiec the debate upon the sales
of property by the quartermaster's department and
other bureaus, and the disposition of their proceeds.
As I see you aro called upon to reply to attacks
founded on Mr. Bkck's resolution of inquiry, I de-
sire to say to you that the true place in which all
detailed information on the subjoct is to bo found,
is tho Treasury ot the United States.
Whenever an officer of the quartermaster's depart-
ment sells the smallest articles belonging to tho
United States, he is compelled, in order to clear
himself of accountability, to make a full report of
tho name and nature ot the article sold, the sum,
received therefor, and the disposition made of that
money with which he charged hirnsel fin hisaccounts.
All those papers aro sent to the office of the Quar-
termaster General, and after being examined here
are transmitted to the Third Auditor of the Treas-
ury, where bylaw all accounts aresettled, and where
all papors relating to accounts are finally filed and
passed.
In the files of the Third Auditor's office there will
be found accounts of every article, from a shoe-tie
to a sieamer, which has been sold during or since
the war by the quartermaster's department, and if
in tho triple scrutiny of the accounts, firj>t by this
office, secondly, by the Third Auditor's office, and
thirdly, by the Comptroller, it appears that any arti-
cle has been sold contrary to law, or that any money
arising from proceeds of such sale, or coming into
the bauds of any disbursing officer in any other
way, has been expended without authority of law,
the officer is brought to a strict accountability there-
for. I am happy to say that the instances of such
illegal expenditure or misappropriation by officers
of this department have been very rare.
A military storekeeper last year, having misap-
propriated^ the sum of $608 20 proceeds of sale of
some public property, was, upon detection, com-
pelled to refund, and then brought before a court
martial and dismissed the service.
All the information asked tor by Mr. Bbck is
already on file in the Treasury Department, but
instead of being convoyed to the House by a truck
and span of horses the papers would probably fill a
railroad freight train. To go over them ail, and to
analyze them and pick out and arrange in conoise
form for referenoe the particular class of inform-
ation called for would employ a good corps of
accountants for many months. These papers and
accounts are public archives, open at all times to
inspection and examination by any authorized per-
son They are so kept that if a question is asked
as to the disposition made of any particular piece ot
property, it can generally be quickly answered; but
to give specific information as to each ana ail oi
millions of items is a labor involving^great expend-
iture of time and money. *
I am, very truly and respectfully, you*s.
M. C. MMuo,
Quartermaster General.
Hon. H. L. Dawes, House of liepresentatives.
Mr. WOOD. I am disposed to give fall
credit to the statements made in that commu-
nication. And the letter itself, upon its face,
is conclusive proof of the statement I was
making to the committee at the time of the in-
terruption of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes,] that the Secretary of War
has not given the information called for by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK. I hope the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] will yield to me for one word
more, and then 1 will not trouble him further.
Mr. WOOD. Very well; I will yield to the
gentleman.
Mr. BECK. I desire to say only this: I
never have made any charge of personal defal-
cation against either the Secretary of War or
any of his subordinates, and I do not intend
to be dragged into that position. X said they
had spent one hundred and thirty-odd million
dollars. And the Quartermaster General,
whose letter lias just been read, says:
"The total amount received by this department
since Juno 30, 1863, in excess of its appropriations,
$107,959,416 62. All of this ha^ been used in payment
of indebtedness of the department, except, as before
stated, the sum of $2,277,807 01."
Now, what I charged is that $105,500,000
had been received and expended by a single
bureau of the War Department in excess of
the appropriations made for it in the last six
years, and that Congress and the country
ought to know how and in what way it had
been expended. [ called upon the Secretary
of the Treasury, as the Quartermaster sng
gests, for that information. The chief clerk
of that department told me that that informa-
tion has been ready for over two weeks, and
turned over to the War Department for them
to examine, and it has not yet been given to
us. Now I want it; the House ought to have
it. And if gentlemen will show how it is all
done I have not a word to say.
Mr. DAWES. Then I understand the gen-
tleman to withdraw the charge that it has not
been accounted for.
Mr. BECK. No, sir, I do not; I do not
know whether it has or not.
Mr. DAWES. Then I commend to the gen-
tleman the letter of General Meigs. Neither
that gentleman nor any other fair-minded man
will expect a train of cars to come in herewith
copies of all the vouchers, in order that he
may look them over and see if there is any-
thing he can find fault with.
Mr. BECK. The other side of the House
has contended that the Departments have been
run upon appropriations made by Congress.
Your Quartermaster General has said that that
is false so far as his bureau is concerned. Have
you not time and time again asserted that your
Departments have kept within your appropri-
ations? And have you ever admitted, until I
dragged it out, that the Quartermaster has had
$105,500,000 which he has expeuded in addi-
tion to all the appropriations you have made
for him ? That is what I want the country to
understand.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman knows that
when this Administration came into power, we
passed a law, which that gentleman and my-
self drew up, to cut off the use of every dollar
of money, except by an express appropriation.
In the Administrations befote this, according
to the law of the land there was the right to
dispose of property and take its avails for the
expenditures of the various Departments.
That was just as plain as could be. And it
was because such was the unwise law of the
land that with the incoming of this Administra-
tion a law was enacted that at the end of the
fiscal year cut off all appropriations for that
year that were then unexpended, and turned
them over into the Treasury. During the vast
expenditures consequent upon the winding up
of the war, those Departments were obliged to
use this money. The question is whether they
have or not properly accounted for it. It is
not whether it is $102,000,000, or whether it
is $502,000,000. The gentleman knows why
it is that it is so many millions of dollars, and
it is time for the gentleman to make the
charge, when he has proof of his allegation,
that there is any official now in the Executive
Departments who has resting upon him the
expenditure of any dollar not properly ac-
counted for.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, one word fur-
ther. The gentleman from Massachusetts ia
obliged to admit that all this money has been
spent outside of the appropriations. There is -
no doubt about that fact to begin with. I
admit, that when I was on the Committee ou
Appropriations with the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts we did recommend, and Congress
passed a law, requiring that not a dollar
should be spent by the Departments in excess
of the money appropriated. I believe that
much of this money was spent before the pres-
ent Secretary of War came into power. I
never have made, and never will make until
I know more than I do now, any intimation
against the present Secretary of War, for
whom personally I have the very highest re-
gard. But I simply charge wl.at the facts
prove. Although the law referred to by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means was passed by us, requiring that no
more money than was appropriated should
be expended, yet during the last fiscal year,
m defiance of that law, the War Department,
as is shown by the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, expended $8,000,000 in excess
of the appropriations, and i-oid arms to the
French to make good the deficiency; and the
proceeds of those arms are now deposited in
the Treasury to the credit of that Department,
subject to be drawn out by it. 1 have this
information from a leading official of the
Treasury Department; and the report fiom
the Treasury Department in reply to my reso-
lution, which is now written and ought to be
here, and would be here but for the fact that
it is held back in the War Department, will
show the fact that $8,080,000 in excess of the
appropriations was expended by the War
Department last year in violation of law ; and
the French arms were sold to make good the
deficiency.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, the books
of the Department show that the $10,000,000,
to which the gentleman refers, not $8,000,000,
was turned into the Treasury—every dollar
of it.
Mr. WOOD. I must resume the floor.
There are, in connection with this subject,
several facts which cannot be disputed : first,
that the appropriations of Congress are based
upon the estimates of the Departments, and
the estimates of the Departments are based
upon the estimates of the bureaus of those
Departments. Now, we have had sent to us
annually (and we are in the fourth year of this
Administration) all these estimates. It has
been represented to us that the War Depart-
ment and its bureaus required so much money
for certain specified purposes ; and in no one
of these official communications to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and through him to
Congress, has any reference been made to
these immense balances, which I say are not
accounted lor, and which, in the War Depart-
ment alone, as has been stated by the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] amount to
over $100,000,000, received for materials, &c.,
sold. Never before has that fact Mien com-
municated to Congress in any form or shape
whatever.
