1060
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GftOBE.
February 15,
my mother gave me upon her dying bed as
part with these vessels in the name of the
nation. Sir, we cannot afford it. They stand
as an inspiration of patriotism to every officer
and every sailor in the Navy; and they will
continue so to stand.
. If we think it nnwise, if our resources are
too= limited to keep them up by proper repairs,
until the material of the original structure of
such; vessels as the Constitution has been
exchanged, I would simply let them rot or
perish at the wharves where they are; but I
would never convert them to the ignoble and
unworthy use which we ean see they would be
converted to if sold to purchasers in the open
market.
I trust the gentleman from Maine having
charge of the amendment will accept mine as
anamendment to his.. It has been criticised by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that it has
been left too indefinite. We must leave it to
the discretion of the Navy Department. It is
for that purpose I offer it, and I have no doubt
it wilt be exercised in a judicious manner.
Mr. HALE. I am desirous, Mr. Chairman,
that this amendment offered by me shall be
adopted. I think, if I can judge of the tehiper
of the House, it is in favor of it. I am also
desirous, as the House is, that it shall not be
clogged with anything that will impair its use.
The indefiniteness of the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee, and from its very
nature it must be indefinite, I consider will
clog the practical operation of my amendment
if it be made a provision of law, so that no
one can tell at any time what will be sold and
what will not be sold. It may be there are
vessels in our Navy with such historic memo-
ries gathering about them that no Secretary
of the Navy would venture to propose to sell
them. I think it is a matter which can be left
safely to the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. MAYNARD. But such is not the
language in the gentleman's amendment. It
is made mandatory on the Secretary of the
Navy to sell them.
Mr. HALE. I was going ou to say that to
put a limit in terms ou the Secretary of the
Navy, that he shall not sell any vessels which
have been distinguished in our naval history,
it throws out, it may be, a great class of ves-
sels which have done something which to the
mind of some men may distinguish them, and
the power, therefore, lefc in his hands must
in the end, as a matter .of fact, amount to
nothing.
Mr. MAYNARD. There are not many
vessels which have been specially distinguished
in the naval history of our country.
Mr. HALE. That is a matter as it rests in
the mind of gentlemen. There may be one or
two or more vessels which members on the
floor of the House would select as having his-
toric memories protecting them from sale.
There might be another vessel which in the
eye of the gentleman from Tennessee, or rather
in the imagination of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, has classical memories to protect it
from sale, but which has nothing of the kind
to other members. The gentleman's amend-
ment would make the whole thing indefinite
and vague. My proposition is to leave the
whole thing to the Secretary of the Navy, who
must report his action to Congress, and I hope
it will not be clogged by anything of this
indefinite nature, the only effect of which will
be to paralyze the operation of the whole pro-
vision.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, rose.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
theipending amendment.
Me. MAYNARD. I will withdraw my amend-
ment and the gentleman can renew it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I renew
it; and I renew it for the purpose of saying a
word or two. I desire to say I am in favor of
the amendment of the committee. I think it
is well to sell useless lumber now in our navy-
yards and in oar waters ; but I hope we shall
adopt a specific mandate of Congress that the
Secretary of the Navy shall not order the
sale of such a vessel as the Constitution, for
instance. I should rather see her rot on the
marshes than to have her sold. But I do not
mean to cripple the action of the committee
by any interference in that regard. What I do
want to say, and I wish to put in a caveat to
it, is that we must not expect any great amount
from these sales either to be received by the
Treasury, or any great amount of benefit ■ '
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, made a remark
which was not heard by the reporter.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That may
not be as profitable as some gentlemen think.
I will give an instance. We had in the Navy
a quantity of blockade-runners which had been
captured. One was sold for $33,000. She is
known now to history as the Hornet. And
while we get $33,000 for her, it has cost ns
about one hundred and fifty thousand dollars
to eatch, watch, and convoy her about; so
that that sale was not a very profitable one.
Therefore we will be in this condition: we
will be selling vessels fit for "war purposes,
permitting them to go into the bands of the
merchants, and then to be made Alabamas of
in the case of war between foreign Powers, or
in the case of an insurrectionary Power being
at war with any nation on the earth; and we
may be brought in, under the principles laid
down in the treaty of Washington, in great
damages, direct or indirect, from these sales.
And when we make it mandatory to sell what
we do not need, we may be in the condition
of putting our war vessels sold by ns in the
hands of gentlemen who desire to sell them to
foreign nations to be used for warlike pur-
poses, and we will be responsible if they get
out of our ports and injure other nations; so
that I think it had better be carefully guarded
how and for what purpose we sell those ves-
sels. As vessels I hope they will not be sold.
If they are fit for nothing but old iron, let
them be broken up and sold as old iron. If
we sell them as vessels, some day they may
return to plague us.
Mr. HALE. I ask that debate be now closed,
and that a vote be taken on the amendment
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
xard.]
The question being taken on Mr. Mayxard's
amendment, it was disagreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will now renew my
amendment in another form, adding words
which have been suggested to me by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoab.]
The words I propose to insert are, "except
such as may have been especially distin-
guished by gallant achievements in the naval
history of the country."
The amendment was disagreed to.
The question being put upon Mr. Hale's
amendment, it was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Blair,
of Michigan, reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had had
under consideration the state of the Union
generally, and particularly the bill (H. R. No.
1191) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 80, 1873, and
for other purposes, and had directed him to
report the same to the House with sundry
amendments.
Mr. HALE. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. Is there a separate vote
demanded on any one amendment? If a sep-
arate vote is not demanded the amendments
made in Committee of the Whole will be con-
sidered as agreed to.
No separate vote was asked; and the amend-
ments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave op absence.
Mr. CONNER, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained indefinite leave of absence on account
of the severe illness of a member of his family.
martin watkins.
Mr. STRONG, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1544) for the relief
of Martin Watkins, of Eaist Windsor, Connec-
ticut; which was read a first and second time,
and deferred to the Committee of Claims.
enrolled bills sioskd.
Mr, BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same :
A bill (H. R. No. 625) making appropria-
tions to supply a deficiency in the appropria-
tions for salaries and contingent expenses of
the Post Office Department for the current
fiscal year; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1071) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pen-
sions of the United States for the year ending
June 30, 1873.
clerks of'committees.
Mr. WILLARD. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill (H. R. No. 1341) reported this
morning from the Committee on the Reorgan-
ization of the Civil Service, to regulate the
employment and compensation of clerks for
the committees of the House of Represent-
atives be printed.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly
(at four o'clock and two minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitioxs, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BIRD: The petition of Joseph E.
Wilde & Co., of Washington, New Jersey,
requesting the passage of a law allowing par-
tially printed papers, in bulk, to be carried
through the mails at the same rate as news-
papers to subscribers.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio: The memorial
of Alpheas' B'obes, of New York city, praying
relief fbr money stolen from him while acting
as pension agent.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of S. Z.
Tiffany, publisher of the Nicholson Examiner,
in the county of Wyoming, State of Pennsyl-
vania, praying that regular publishers and
dealers in newspapers and periodicals may
receive by mail such quantities of partially
printed papers as they may require, in bulk,
and pay the same rates as regular subscribers
who pay in advance.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition of Frank
Clonds, Joseph Feaster, Joseph B. Much, Amos
J. Palmer, John McKee, Matthew Yandusen,
William Gale, Houston Smith, A. J. Keyser,
John N. Robinson, Harry H. Miles, jr., James
M. Stewart, Elmer P. Sheppard, John Glenn,
Jesse Sparks, and 80 others, shipwrights in the
Philadelphia navy-yard-, urging a repeal of the
duties on tea and coffee, and-asking protection
to home industry.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The peiition of
