1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
165
present Administration or not—it is a duty
■which lie owes to himself and to the country—■
to demand investigation upon the same prin-
ciple that a soldier who is charged with an
offense against military law does not wait for
his involuntary examination, but demands that
a trial shall at once be given to him, in order
that his innocence may affirmatively appear.
Honest men court investigation; those who are
conscious of guilt alone are afraid of it. When
public officials shrink, or appear to shrink,
from thorough investigation, it is time for the
public to demand a trial, or discharge the
party from the trust he holds.
It is very important that the people of this
country should know the truth of these rumors
and reports, that they should know how far
there has been authority for many acts by Fed-
eral officials in which the State governments
and State affairs have been unlawfully swayed
by Federal power. Are they so swayed by
Federal power ? I should like to ask the senior
Senator from New York for his experience in
regard to the late convention held at Syracuse;
whether the action of the Republican party of
the State of New York was not entirely con-
tiolled, admittedly controlled, by men holding
office under the Federal Government, and
chiefly in the New York custom-house? The
fact has been openly declared by the most influ-
ential organ of that party—I refer to the New
York Tribune—that the action of the Repub-
lican party in the State of New York, in regard
to matters affecting only their own State govern-
ment, was entirely controlled by the presence in
that convention of Federal officials, and those
chiefly under the control and manipulation of
the then collector of the port of New York. I
would like to know whether the fact alleged be
true, and if true, by what authority the late
Attorney General of the United States, Mr.
Akerman, undertook to go into the State
of North Carolina, pending a State canvass
involving the amendment of the State consti-
tution, there to intimidate and overawe the
free vote of that people by telling tbem that
aftertheyhad reformed their constitution, made
it more acceptable to themselves, even then
their action would be nullified by a recognition
by the Federal Government of that State gov-
ernment which had been rejected by the voice
of their people? If such things can be done
in North Carolina, apply the principle else-
where, and let the people of the northern and
western States read in the fate of that State what
necessarily must be their own if such usurpa-
tions are not instantly checked and frowned
upon.
I would wish it known whether executive
power brings its shadow into this Chamber,
and whether the independent action of Sen-
ators representing sovereign States is affected
by the voice of the Executive; whether that
voice is heard in the dulcet tones of promised
reward and increased patronage, or whether
it has used the threatening tones of vengeance
to a Senator or to those who have the misfor-
tune to be his personal friends. Let us know
the fact, whether such things have been done,
for these are proper causes of investigation,
these are the proper subjects for reform, that
our rulers may be relegated to their proper
spheres of duty, and men may be taught that,
when they step beyond them they incur the
displeasure of the people, and no longer can
retain their position or confidence in service
under them. There should be a great reform
in civil service ; and when it is begun the higher
the officer in default, and the greater his offi-
cial power, the. more necessary to guard that
power and to check its abuse.
The men who are to conduct this investiga-
tion must be those who will do it without fear
or favor, and who must not hesitate in their
searches after abuse. They must not spare
personal or political friends. They must go
for the benefit of the country, and they must
tell the people that that which to-day puts us
in" danger is the absence of regard for limita-
tions upon the power of the different depart-
ments of our Government. Order must be
restored. The limitations and restrictions
which have been rudely broken down and over-
run by military tastes and habits must be
reconstructed anew, and reconstructed upon
their ancient basis.
Why, sir, have we not already proofs here
that there is a necessity for investigation and
reform ? If a Senator so distinguished for long
and able service as the senior Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] cannot form and
express his individual opinions in regard to
the policy of annexing a distant island to our
present possessions ; if upon a moderate,sedate,
statesmanlike expression of dissent, totally
void of personal offense or intent, he is to be
(to use the phrase of the power which acted
upon him) cashiered from his office, disrated,
excluded from the committee upon which he
had so long served, not only taken from its
head,but taken from its very composition; he,
who is by all men in this Chamber admitted
to be the most competent man by his erudi-
tion, experience, his personal accomplish-
ments to sit at the head of that committee—
does not such an abuse need reform? How
can there be sound, substantial, honest service
for the country when such acts can be com-
mitted? And is it not time for us to inquire
into their cause and check them?
Nay, further, his is hut onecase. Therewas
a like difference of opinion between the Exec-
utive and honorable Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Suhcrz.] He, favoring civil service
reform, he opposing the annexation of this
distant island of San E)omingo, finds not only
that the executive ear is closed to all his appli-
cations and official suggestions, but every man
who has the misfortune to be his personal or
political friend in Missouri finds that his
official head rolls in the basket at the beck of
executive power.
Sir, whether these facts be true or not is for
us to examine. It is for such purposes that
this committee is appointed. I say, therefore,
that the members who constitute it should be
those who consider these things as evils, and
who aredesirous to check them, because, with-
out impugning their own opinions, without
impugning their motives, certainly they cannot
be called fit representatives of that spirit of
reform which I believe animates the American
people, if they consider acts like those in ac-
cordance with what is right and constitutional
and just and safe for the country. per-
sonnel of the committee are not to have their
characters benefited or injured by the mere
fact of appointment. There is nothing in that, i
It is the question whether or no the committee [
is so framed as to favor these investigations; [
whether they are men known to be opposed to i
abuses, a few of which only have I in a very
plain manner endeavored to show to this Cham- ,
ber, or whether they are men who consider J
that such acts are proper and right, and are I
willing to see them continued 111 the future and i
exercised as they have been m the past. i
That is the question which it is for the ,
Senate to determine; and it is for the country ;
to determine whether in your secret caucus,
where this committee was prearranged, (whose
voice we have heard for the tirst lime to day
in public,) you have arranged it in the spirit,
of effective and substantial ref'oun of the myriad
abuses which are alleged to exist, to some tew
of which, and a very few, I have referred in j
my remarks here ; whether the committee has \
been arranged with a view to reform those
abuses, or whether it contains in its ranks a
number ofgentlemen, however worthy, however
respected, yet who, by their personaland pecu-
liar and political views, hold that what has
been done is right, and needs, as the Senator
from Nevada says, no reform at all. 1 do not
impugn his motives because he says there is
no need for reform. The impugning of motive
is but a poor thing at best, and is blind work
for one man to undertake upon his fellow.
That is not it, but, such are his views; and the
country, therefore, knows that the honorable
Senator from Nevada likes all the things that
have occurred, and only wants to see more of
them.
Now, what I say is, do the Senate, and the
gentlemen who compose the committee as
part of the Senate, believe, and will the coun-
try believe, that this committee has been
organized for the purpose of stretching a
strong, firm hand into the recesses of power,
and ascertaining whether that power has been
used for public benefit or public injury,
whether in their examinations they will be
checked by fear of injuring their party,
whether they will be checked by a partial and
patriotic admiration for the Executive who
wields this great power of the nation, or
whether they will do justice though the
heavens fall? That is the question; and I
say that when you ask as to a man's fitness
for a committee you are to ask a second
question, what is the objectof the committee?
There may be as good men as ever breathed
totally opposed to meddling in any way with the
present condition of our civil service. I heard
the honorable Senator from Indiana the other
day reiterate in the Senate a speech that he
had made somewhei-e upon the hustings, to
the effect that he believed our civil service
was the best on earth, or something equiva-
lent to that.
Now, with all respect for that Senator, would
I consider that he was the proper man to look
up the abuses when he in advance says that
none exist? Certainly not. We know his
ability; but we know that he is but a man;
and therefore his opinions, formed as they
have been, expressed as they have been, would
necessarily exclude him from that committee.
A Senator with opinions so formed and ex-
pressed would not even be permitted to set
upon a jury in a capital case, much less in- a
case like the present, in which men's opinions
are not mere opinions but are results in them-
selves; they are tlje elements of judgment;
they are the causes of results.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
a word?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. Permit me to say to the.
Senator what I have said here before. The
statement that I believed our civil service was
the best in the world will be sustained by an
examination of our civil service now in com-
parison with that of England, France, Ger-
many, or Russia. I believe that examination
will show that greater abuses exist in the civil
service in each of those countries than exist in
ours; that there is as much integrity in ours
as in any other; that there is more ability;
and that there is from one third to one half
more labor performed by our civil service than
by any other. But. while 1 have said that, I
beg leave to remark to the Senator from Dela-
ware that I have always said, as I now say,
that our civil service is imperfect, it is capable
of reform, and of great reform, and 1 want to
see it, reformed, and 1 believe that the Admin-
istration and the party in power will reloim
it ; but what I deny is the propriety of holding
it up to the world, as it is all the. time held up,
as being the worst in the world. I think it is
the best. I do not mean to say it is perfect,
because I know it is not; I know .it eaa be
reformed, but I think it is gross injustice to
the civil service of the United States to pre-
sent it as ttie worst in the world, because I
think, all things considered, it is the best-
Mr. BAYAliD. Well, Mr. President, the
honorable Senator from Indiana has only veri-
fied what I said of him just before he rose.
He has taken the occasion to pass what is wiili
him no doubt a very conscientious eulogy upon
the condition of the public set vice; and I think
those who have heard him, and the country at
large, will be led to believe tint he does con-
sider that this immaculate purity, this large
ability, this perfect excellence, has marked aud
