1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3749
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2705)
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
the pending amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to line two hundred and seventy-four the
following:
Provided, That no partof the money appropriated
by this bill shall be paid to the Vaux Patent Roof-
ing Company or assigns.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I withdraw that
amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment to come in at the end of
line two hundred and seventy four:
To purchase additional ground adjoining the site
and building occupied for the United States court-
house and post office at Madison. Wisoonsin, 811,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BECK. I move to strike out from the
word "and," in line two hundred and sixty-
six, down to and including line two hundred
and seventy-four. The law requires, and the
committee have complied with the require-
ments, that the total amount appropriated
shall be set forth in the bill. The amount
appropriated in this bill seems to foot up
$17,541,000, of which $2,033,000 are for
public buildings under the supervising archi-
tect of the Treasury. The portion of the bill
which I move to strike out begins thus :
And the balances of appropriations for the con-
struction of public buildings which may remain
unexpended at the close of this fiscal year are hereby
reappropriated.
Now, if that provision were confined to ap-
propriations made during the last Congress or
during this Congress, it might not be objection-
able, but I know that there are very many
cases of old appropriations that have lapsed
more than ten years ago. I know that we had
to go on with a building at Knoxville, Ten-
nessee, because they had an appropriation in
1858, and how many others there are, I do not
know; but this bill reappropriales all former
appropriations that have lapsed, without any
limitation as to when those appropriations
were made, what their amounts were, or
whether the buildings ought to be built now
or no. It surely is a mistake on the part of
the committee to make an appropriation so
broad. This clause ought to be amended at
least by saying "the balances.of appropria-
tions for the construction of public buildings
heretofore made by the present or last Con-
gress," or some limitation as to time should
be put in in order to make it safe.
The remainder of the clause which I propose
to strike out is as follows:
And any balance of appropriation made for the
building for post office and sub-Treasury in Boston,
Massachusetts, is hereby authorized to be applied to
the constructing and furnishing the necessary fur-
niture and outfit for the said building, and preparing
the approaches thereto and the sidewalks around
the same.
We know the trouble we bad about that
Boston post office, and the amount of the
appropriation, and now the committee reap-
propriate all that remains unused—how much
it is, whether it is $100,000 or $1,000,000, I do
not know, and the House does not know—for
the purpose of furnishing and fixing up the
sidewalks, &c.
I think the committee ought to tell us how
much they propose to reappropriate to finish
up this building, and for sidewalks and ap-
proaches to this building in Boston, before it
is appropriated again in this general form,
after all that has taken place in regard to the
Boston post office.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would at once
accept the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] if his apprehension in
regard to the facts was correct. He will re-
member that under a law, which he so wisely
aided to pass, all unexpended balances of ap-
propriations were covered into the Treasury
on the 30th of June last. Therefore there are
now no unexpended balances of appropria-
tions except for the current fiscal year. If the
gentleman thinks it will be stronger to put in
a clause to that effect, I am willing to accept
it. This is only intended to make the work
continuous, by reappropriating what was ap-
propriated last year.
Mr. BECK. My recollection was that we
had repealed the law in regard to unexpended
balances, so far as public buildings are con-
cerned, before the law took effect., for the rea-
son the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations suggests. If that law went into
effect in regard to public buildings, and also
in regard to all old appropriations, and the
unexpended balances were covered into the
Treasury, I have no objection to this.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. All u'nexpended
balances have been covered in except for the
current year. This provision is simply to
facilitate the work on the building already
contracted for.
Mr. BECK. That much I approve.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man has any doubt about it, I am willing to
consent to an amendment to restrict it to the
appropriation for the current fiscal year.
Mr. BECK. That will make it correct.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In regard to
the Boston post office building there is a small
amount of the appropriation on hand, which
is wanted to finish out the work for the current
year.
Mr. BECK. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] is satisfied that it is only such
an amount as we ought to appropriate for this
purpose I will not object. But I did not
know but the amount might be very large.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Committee
on Appropriations considered the matter care-
fully, and they have letters on file covering
the whole case. If thegentleman will suggest
any amendment that he deems necessary  
Mr. AMBLER. I would suggest that in
line two hundred and seventy, after the words
"balance of appropriations," the words " for
the current fiscal year" should be inserted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no ob-
jection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Light-houses, beacons, and fog-signals:
Burnt Coat harbor light-station: lor two beacon-
lights. to serve as a range on the coast of Maine,
$10,000, and any balance of the appropriation of
$10,000 made by act of March 3,1871, that may remain
in the Treasury June 30,1872.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to insert after the
paragraph just read the following :
Rebuilding south tower, Cape Elizabeth, Maine,
$30,000.
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read an extract
from the report of the Light-House Board.
The Clerk read as follows :
" Cape Elizabeth, Coast of Maine.—The westerly
tower of the two, at this light-station, was built in
1828 of rubble stone, and is now in such a state as to
render it necessary to rebuild it in a better manner,
for which an estimate has been submitted in the
annual estimates. The station is one of the most
important on the eastern coast, serving the double
purpose of a sea-coast light-station and as a mark
lor the entrance into Uasco bay and to Portland
harbor."
Mr. LYNCH. As reported by the Light-
House Board that light is one of the most im-
portant upon the coast of Maine. A recom-
mendation has been made for rebuilding the
tower, which I understand to be in a danger-
ous condition, having been built many years
ago of rubble stone. It is estimated for in the
book of estimates, and recommended by the
Light-House Board. I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Committee
on Appropriations have given more careful
attention to the light-house portion of this bill
than to any other. A sub-committee of that
committee sat a good part of two days with the
Light-House Board, and then the whole com-
mittee spent two or three full sessions in con-
sidering the subject of appropriations for light-
houses.
Thegentleman from Maine, [Mr. HAl,E,].^ho
was chairman of the sub-committee on this
question, and is thoroughly acquainted with all
these matters, joined with several other mem-
bers of the committee in requesting the Light-
House Board to make two classes of estimates
for light-house appropriations, class one being
those most important, and class two those not
so highly important. In framing this bill we
took only those of the first class. The total
amount asked for light-houses was $2,116,000.
The Committee ou Appropriations felt bound
to reduce that amount, and did reduce it to
$740,000 for the light-houses themselves, thus
making a deduction of sixty-six per cent.
Even after this reduction we are still appro-
priating more money for this purpose than
was appropriated in this bill last year.
Now, the appropriation asked for by thegen-
tleman from Maine is among those of class num-
ber two, not number one, in importance : and
I hope the Committee of the Whole will not
break through the lines. This is one of the
cases that will keep for another year. If the
lines are broken in Maine, they will be broken
all the way round to Puget sound.
Mr. LYNCH. The lines have already been
broken in Maine. Light-houses a littlefurther
east than my district have been taken care of.
I can inform the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] that as a member of the Committee
on Commerce, having this matter to some
extent in charge, I have made some inquiries
in reference to it, and I have been told by
the chairman of the Light-House Board that
it is very important that this work should be
done.
The sub-committee upon light-houses hav-
ing divided their appropriations by two, went
before the Light-House Board and stated that
but one half of the appropriations asked could
be obtained, and inquired where the appropri-
ations should be made. Of course the board
were obliged to confine themselves somewhere,
and they designated certain works; but I
undertake to say that there are works re-
ported in this bill, in which perhaps some other
members have some interest, which are not so
important as the work contemplated by my
amendment. I say this after inquiry of the
Light-House Board. I hope the House in view
of the recommendation 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
upon the amendment.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Ltncii, there were—ayes 10, noes 55 ;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Lynch and
Mr. Dickey were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 46, noes 83.
So the amendment of Mr. Lynch was not
agreed to.
Mr. LYNCH. I modify my amendment by
making the amount $20,000. This appropri-
ation is recommended as strongly by the Light-
House Board as any other embraced in their
report. The circumstances which render the
appropriation necessary have been fully stated
in the extract which was read by the Clerk.
This light-house is in a dangerous condition,
and there is an urgent necessity for repairs.
The only question is whether the appropria-
tion shall be made this year or next. The
appropriation is estimated for in the book of
estimates, and 1 hope it will be sanctioned by
the House. I would not ask for it if I did not
know that the work ought to be done. I should
have gone before the Committee on Appropri-
ations and urged the appropriation had I not
supposed that being recommended so strongly
by the Light-House Board an appropriation
for this purpose would of coarse be reported;
and 1 was surprised to find that it had not been
reported after so strong a recommendation. _
Mr. DICKEY. I represent a district in
which there is not a single light-house.
