1958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
Peck, Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Price,
Prindle. Randall. Edward Y. Rice, Ellis H. Rob-
erts, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield,
Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shcllabarger, Sherwood,
Shober, Shoemaker, Slater, Sloss, H. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague,
Starkweather, Stevenson. Storm Stoughton. Stow-
ell, Taffe, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner,
Tyner, Upson, Yaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Wake-
man, Walden, Waldron, Wallace. Warren, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitelcy, Whitthornc, Williams of Indi-
ana, Williams of Now York, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—136.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Banks,
Bai-num, Bell, Austin Blair, James G-. Biair, Boles,
Braxton, George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Benja-
min F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, William T.
Clark, freeman Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan,
Comingo, Cotton, Crebs, Creely, Critcher, Davis, De
Large. Du Bose, Ely, Farwell, Forker, Charles Fos-
ter, Henry I>. Foster. Garrett, Halsev, Hancock,
Greorse E. Harris,.Hereford, Holmon, Kellogg, Kin-
sella, AlcCormick, McCrary, McKee. McKinney,
Morgan, Morphia, Packer, Isaac C. Parker, Perce,
Peters, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Rainey, William 11.
Roberts, Robinson, Ptogeis, Seeley, Slocum, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Snsipp, Snyder, R.Milton Speer,
Stevens, Strong, St. John, Sutherland, Sypher,
Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Twicheil, Walls, and
Young—72.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKEli. The question recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from Connecti-
cut, [Mr. Stakewjsathjsii,] to suspend the
rules and pass the bill. On iliut question the
gentleman from Connecticut has asked ibi the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 119, nays G2, not voting 59 ; as follows :
YEAS— Messrs. Acker, Ames, Barber, Barry,
Beveridge, Bigby, Biggs, Bingham, Bird. Austin
Blair, Buckley, Bufiinton, Burc-h.ird, Burdett, Cald-
well, Conger, Cotton, Crocker, Darrall, Dickey. Don-
wan, Box, Duell, Bunnell, Earner, Eldredge, Elliott,
Farnsworth, Farwell, Charles Foster, Henry D.Fos-
ter, Frye, Getz, Gollada.v, Goodrich, Griffith, ilalde-
man, Hale, Hamllcy, llaruier, iJarpcr, George E.
Harris, Hawley, Hays, Gerry W. Ilazelton, John
W. Hazel ton. Hill, Hoar, Hooj>er, Houghton, Kelley.
Kendall, Ketcham, Kiilinger, Lamison, Lamport,
Lansmg, Lowe, Maynard. McClelland, MeUi.iry,
iMeJunkin, Mercur, Benjamin F. Mayers, Mitchell,
Moore, Morey, Leonard Myers, Xegley, Orr, Pack-
ard, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, I,«aac C. Parker,
Peek, Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Prin-
dle, Randall, Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sargent,
Sawyer, Scolield, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Sheila- :
barger, Sherwood, Shobei, Shoemaker, >Sloss, H.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Thomas J. Speer,
Starkweather, Storm, Stoughton, Stoweli, Sypher,
Taffe, Washington Townsend, Turner, Vaughan,
Voorhees, Waddell, Wakcman, Walden, Waldron,
Wallace, Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Wilhnms of
J ndiana.Av ilhams of New York, John T. "Wilson, and
Wood—119.
NAYS—Messrs. Ada ms, Archer. Arthur, Realty,
Keek, James <r. Iilair. .Bright, 'icor;cc M. Brooks,
Campbell, Carroll, (Jyburn, Cofrhlaii, Cox, Orots-
li'n'l. Davis, Dawes, Du Bosc, Duke, FiukeJiiburg, I
W wder D. i'oster. <Tiirtield, ilambleton, Hancock.
John T. Harris, Havens, Hay, ilernuon, Ilibbard,
Kerr, King, teach, Lewis, Jlanson, Marshall, JIc-
Cprimek, AieGrc.v, McHenry, Mclntyre, McNeely,
Alcrriam, Alerriek, Monroe, Niblaek, Poland, Pot-
T?r,Tj I100, R°ad' John Ilice' Ritchie, Ellis
II. ltoberts, blater, Spra^ue, tftevens, Stevenson,
iiV-?;1111', y',T-v- Upson, Van Trump, Whitthornc.
wiKEu*,'felSiah ^ Wilson, and Winchester—62.
.NOI \ OXING—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Banks,
-bamum, Bell, Boles, Braxton, James Brooks, lien-
latnm i Butler, Roderick JR. Butler, Wiiliam T.
Claris:, jjreeman Clarke, Cobb, Comingo, Conner, !
Crcns, Cieely, Critcber, De Large, Ely, I^orker, i
(jrarrett, Jtalsey, Hanks, Hereford, Holman, Kel- !
logs, Kmsella, Lynch, MoKee, McKinney, Mor- |
Kan, Morphia, Packer, Perce. Peters, Piatt, Porter, I
barney, Mwuvd Y. Kice, William R. Roberts,
Robinson, beelev, Klocinn, Worthin-^ton C. Smith, '
bntipp, Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Strong, St. John, I
fjutlie.-land, Thomas. Dwight Townsend, Tuthill,
Iwichell, lyner, Wall.-', Warren, and Young— 59.
So the motion to buspend the rules was not
agreed to, two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof.
During the call of the roll,
Nr. HANKS stated that ho was paired with
Mr. Braxtox, of Virginia. Mr. Braxton, if
present, would have voted "no,'1 and he, Mr.
Hanks, would have voted " ay."
Mr, MeNiiELY stated that his colleague,
Mr. Crees, was absent 011 account, of sick-
ness. If present he would have voted "110."
i'he result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
HOMESTEADS FOR SOLDIERS, ETO.
Mr. HAWLBY. I move that the rules be
suspended, arid that the bill (S. No. -H7) to
enable honorably discharged soldiers and sail-
ors, their widows and orphan children, to
acquire homesteads on the public lands of the
United States be passed.
The bill was read. It provides that every
private soldier and officer who has served in
the Army of the United States during the
recent rebellion for ninety days or more, and
who was honorably discharged, and has re-
mained loyal to the Government, including the
troops mustered into the service of the United
States by virtue of the third section of an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for
completing the defenses of Washington, and
for other purposes, " approved February 13,
1862, and every seaman, marine, and officer
who has served in the Navy of the United
States or in the Marine corps, during the
rebellion, for ninety days, and who was honor-
ably discharged, and has remained loyal to the
Government, shall, on compliance with the pro-
visions of an act entitled " An act to secure
homesteads to actual settlers on the public do-
main, " and the acts amendatory thereof, as
hereinafter modified, be entitled to enter upon
and receive patents for a quantity of public
lands (not mineral) not exceeding one hundred
and sixty acres, or one quarter section, to be |
taken in compact form according to legal sub-
divisions, including the alternate reserved sec-
tions of public land along the line of any rail-
road or other public wort, not otherwise re-
served or appropriated, and other lands sub-
ject to entry under the homestead laws of the
United States ; provided that said homestead
settler shall be allowed six months after locat-
ing his homestead within which to commence
his settlement and improvement; and pro-
vided also, that the time which the homestead
settler sliall have served in the Army, Navy,
or Marine corps aforesaid shall be deducted
irom the time heretofore required to perfect
title, or if discharged on account of wounds
received, or disability incurred in the line of
duty, then the term of enlistment shall be
deducted from the time heretofore required to
perfect title, without reference to the length
of time he may have served; provided, how-
ever, that no patent shall issue to any home-
stead settler who has not resided upon, im-
proved, and cultivated his said homestead for
a period of at least one year after he shall
commence his improvements as aforesaid.
The bill in its second section provides that
any person entitled under the provisions of the
foregoing section to enter a homestead, who
may have heretofore entered under the home-
stead laws a quantity of land less than one
hundred and sixty acres, shall be permitted
to enter under the provisions of this act so
much land as, when added to the quantity
previously entered, shall not exceed one hun-
dred and sixty acres.
The bill in its third section provides that in
case of the death of any person who would be
entitled to a homestead under the provisions
of the first section of this act, his widow, if
unmarried, or m case of her death or mar-
riage, then his minor orphan children, by a
guardian duly appointed and officially accred-
ited at the Department of the Interior, shall
be entitled to all the benefits enumerated in
this act, subject to all the provisions as to set-
tlement and improvements therein contained ;
provided, that if such person died during his
term of enlistment, the whole term of his enlist-
ment shall be deducted from the time hereto-
fore required to perfect the title.
The bill in its fourth section provides that
where a party at the date of his entry of a tract
of land under the homestead laws, or subse-
quently thereto, was actually enlisted and
employed in the Army or Navy of the United
States, his services therein shall, in the admin-
istration of said homestead laws, be construed
to be equivalent to all intents and purposes to
a residence for the same length of time upon
the tracts so entered; provided that if his
entry has been canceled by reason of his ab-
sence from said tract while in the military or
naval service of the United States, and such
tract has not been disposed of, his entry shall
be restored and confirmed; and provided fur-
ther, that if such tract has been disposed of,
said party may enter another tract subject to
entryunder said laws ; and his right to a patent
therefor shall be determined by the proofs
touching his residence and cultivation of the
first tract and his absence therefrom in such
service.
The bill in its fifth section provides that
any soldier, sailor, marine, officer, or other
person coming within the provisions of this
act may, as well by an agent as in person,
enter upon said homestead; provided that
said claimant in person shall, within the time
prescribed, commence settlement and improve-
ments on the same, and thereafter fulfill all the
requirements of this act.
The bill in its sixth section provides that
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
shall have authority to make all needful rules
and regulations to carry into effect the pro-
visions of this act.
Mr. HAWLEY. If I may be allowed to
say a word, I desire to say that this bill seems
to me to be a very proper one for the purpose
intended. It passed the Senate last week
without a division, having been reported by
the Committee on Public Lands of the Senate.
It has the unanimous approval of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands of the House, and I
hope it will now be passed.
Mr. COBURN. This very bill, as I under-
stand it, was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs last Friday. That committee
have considered this whole subject, and this
bill contains some provisions that are not in
the bill that was reported by the committee,
and some quite important provision. I hope
the House will not vote upon this proposition
; unprepared. Wc need time to see whether
j some of these sections meet the desires of
| those who wish the bill to pass. There is no
I hurry about this matter. The Committee on
| the Public Lands and the Committee on Mil
itary Affairs will both be called in less than
two weeks, and it is bad policy and unwise to
attempt to pnt this bill through now under the
spur of the previous question when there is nu
time to consider or debate it.
Mr. HAWLEY. I moved on Friday last to
refer this bill to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and a member of the Committee on
Military Affairs objected. The Committee on
the Public^ Lands will be called probably to-
morrow. The bill was reported unanimously
from the Senate committee, and was passed
unanimously by the Senate.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. Then I object
to it.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman will not object
to debate, I would like to say one word.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I will withdraw
my objection.
Mr. COX. I do not think the gentleman
from Illinois will gain much by urging this bill
now when it has already been referred.
Mr. STEVENSON. That is a mistake: it
has not been referred.
Mr. COX. If it has not been, it ought to
be.
Mr. HAWLEY. I asked on Friday that it
be referred, as I understand that the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands will be called to-mor-
row, and I state in addition that this bill has
the unanimous approval of the Committee on
the Public Lands.
dir. COX. I would like to make a motion
lor the reference of the bill.
ihe bPEAKER. The pending motion is
to suspend the rules and pass the bill.
Mr. HAWLEY. I insist on that motion.
Mr. MAYNARD. If this bill, as stated by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Coburn,]
