166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
Still distinguishes the civil service of this coun-
try: but although that is his opinion, expressed
to-day most emphatically, I am afraid lie is in
error, and I am sure the majority of the people
of this country believe that lie is in error: and
therefore, whether he be right or wrong, never-
theless the investigation should go on, and not
in the hand3 of those who hold the opinions,
however conscientiously held, which the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana has expressed.
If he starts with that view and belief, he will
not strive to probe abuses, because he does not,
consider them abases. I presume that by what
he says he would consider it proper that the
Postmaster General should have allowed the
claim of Chorpennitig, as he did allow it, and
that no examination into that case further
should be made. At the same time, if he con-
siders that there might be a mere possibility cf
reform, although I scarcely understand from
his language that he does so consider, yet it
would, holding the opinion hedoes.be like gild-
ing refined gold or painting the lily to attempt
to reform so peifect and lovely an administra-
tion and so pure a public service as the honor-
able Senator believes now to exist in She Uni-
ted States under the present Ad:nm;STati m.
But. Mr. President, my remarks have ex-
tended much further than I intended when I
rose. I consider this question of Mich grave
importance, I believe that there is so much to
be learned m order to know how to act justlv,
so much labor to be done, that the party with
which I act and which has its responsibilities
to the country as well as the majority here,
should be enabled, by the addition of another
member to this committee, to take their appro-
priate part in the proposed investigation. I
can foresee labor and difficulties, and I can al^o
foresee how iliat labor and that difficulty will
be immensely increased if the majority of the
committee shall believe that 110 abuses do exist
that should be remedied, or shall be disposed
to look upon those things as venial or right
which those in favor of civil service reform, as
suggo-t ed in the resolution of the honorable
Senator from ifinois, would desire to see in-
vestigated and removed. I trust, therefore, the
Senate wiil amend this resolution. The re-
sponsibility .of the whole control of this matter
• is with the majority, and I submit to them that
at least there should be an additional member ;
to the minority upon the committee, that with- I
out it the examination cannot be made for the '
greater portion of the time except in the
absence necessarily of the single Democratic
member.
Something was said by my honorable friend
from Ohio in regard to the courtesy and habit
of the Senate, that the majority filled their
own places on the committees according to
their own views, and submitted the selection
of the minority to their opponents. Such
has'been the custom. In the present ease I
regret that it shouid have been departed from : j
but 1 find myself on the committee, and. so far 1
as I can, I shall be glad to aid in the proper
objects tor which it was created. Butl say to ,
the Senate and to the country in advance tftat,
standing now upon the Ihresholdof a long ses- ;
sion of Congress, (not in vacation where time
may be taken, as mine has been for some six 1
vveeKs m the lasf tall to the great neglect of 1
my private affairs, when I was compelled to ;
attend on a committee of this bodv m the '
South,] when it will be eimpiy impossible that [
the attendance of the single Democratic mem- ,
ber of the committee can be had during the '
greater portion probably of its sessions. You ;
have, by your studious and deliberate comno- I
sition of this committee, already disappointed ;
the hopes of the country for a wide-spread and 1
substantia! reform; do not also render it impos- !
sible for the only Deraociat you have selected 1
tor it to be present during the greater part of I
the session. I
^ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Presi- !
dent  |
Mr. CONKLING. Before the honorable I
Senator from New Jersey proceeds n-ill ho
allow me one moment? I wish the floor for a
moment.
Mr. FRELINCHUYSEN. Very well.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not seek the floor
in order to oppose the only proposition which
I understand to be incorporated in the speech
of the Senator from Delaware; on tlie con-
trary. I shall be glad to vote to give the minority
in this Chamber, the Democrats here, another
member of this committee, and be glad to vote
j also that the selection be left to themselves.
I seek the floor because the Senator from Dela-
ware, as I understood him, demanded of me j
specifically to know whether he was or was not
right in the allegation he made touching a
recent State convention held in the State of
New York.
Mr. BAYARD. No ; my remark was
directed to the senior Senator from New
York.
Mr. CONKLING. Then the Senator does
not wish to know from me how the fact was?
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to the
Senator making the statement, as he seems
anxious to do so, but, I did address my remark
to the senior Senator from New York. I said
that probably he may give us some little his-
tory as to the truth of the allegation to which
I referred, whether or not the Republican State
convention of New York was or was not con-
trolled pretty much by Federal officials from
tlie custom-house at New York?
Mr. CONKLING. I heard the Senator. I
see that the Senator is on the floor: I wiil yield
to him if he asks me to do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
fextek in the chair.) The Senator from Dela-
ware seetns to be still on the floor.
Mr. BAYARD. I had concluded all I
wished to say.
Mr. CONKLING. I was going to yield to
the Senator without his requesting me to do so.
Mr. BAYARD. Well.
Mr. CONKLING. I will yield to him with
great pleasure if lie wishes me to do so.
Mr. BA1ARD. I do dentre to apologize
to the Senator and to the Senate it I have
without duo thought taken the floor during the
time the Senator was entitled to it; but in
truth I found myself during the debate which
I had just closed so interrupted by my honor
able Iriend from New York that it" did not
occur to me that lie was standing much upon
form, because lie scarcely during that time, as
I remember, would permit me to conclude my
sentence; but I am good natured, and I here-
fore made no complaint If I have infringed
upon the forms of debate in regard to his
rights I sincerely apologize to him for it.
Mr. CONKLING. I did interrupt my hon-
orable friend by his permission, because I relied,
as I ab.vaxs safely may, upon his courtesy, and
so he knows he may rely with equal safety upon
mine I -.vbli. however, to remind him that it
was hardly worth while for him thus to pro-
ceed to repeat over again what" he had said
before, while he was in the act of disclaiming
that he addressed it to me at all. I remind
him, however, that he did nominate me as the
senior Senator from New York, as it so hap-
pens that my term of service here has been
longer than that of my colleague. He wdl
forgive me. therefore, for falling into the error
of supposing when he spoke of me in that wav,
looking toward me, that, he meant, trie. lie
now authmizss me, if I wish to make a state-
ment on this subject, to make it. I beg to
say to the honorable Senator that I have no
wish whatever to venture any statement in
that regard. I think 1 understand how far out :
of place in this Chamber such topics are, and :
nothing would have induced me to respond in i
a matter of that sort unless I had understood :
that a direct requisition specifically and itidi- j
vidtiaily was made upon me by my honorable
friend from Delaware. I am so in the habit
of acquiescing in everything that lie proposes,
uud I am always animated by so lively a dia
position to oblige him, that 1 was wilism/ to
sacrifice somewhat wlrit 1 conceived the pio-
prieties of the occasion in ord'T to gratify h:s
curiosity in that regard: but as he has „„
curiosity which he wishes to be gatislieu by
me, although I understood him to ead upon
me, I am very glad indeed to take lease of the
subject, and to restore the floor, with my thanks,
to the honorable Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. BAYARD and Mr. FEN TON. One
moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from New Jersey yield to thy Senator
from Delaware ?
Mr. FKEL1NGHUYSEN. Yes,
Mr. BAYARD. It never is possible for me
to associate age with the honorable Senator
from New York. Youth and beauty are so
entirely his that [ never dreamed of applying
the phrase " senior Senator'' r> him. [Laugh-
ter.] But 1 did turn to the gray hairs of his
colleague, and I did con.sider him the senior
Senator, but 1 beg pardon.
Mr. CONKLING. 'That is a very good say-
ing, one of the best of all the good sayings of
mv honorable friend. [Laughter.]
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from New Jersey yield to the Senator
from New York?
Mr. FRNTON. For a moment only.
Mr. FllELINGlIL' YSEN. I only want a
few minutes myself.
Mr. FENTON. Allow meat this point 
Mr. FllELINGIIU YSEN. I am afraid it
will lead to a long debate if you get imo Svra-
cuse. [Laughter.]
Mr. FENTON. I promise my friend from
New Jersey that I shall occupy the attention
of the Senate only foramoment. The inquiry
i of the Senator fiom Delaware rnav involve
; some reply from me : and yet I iptite iigr>-e
I with my colleague that it is better not to bring
1 matters relating to New York politic-lit couvon-
| tions upon the floor of the Senate. If it snould
I seem proper at anv time to do so. 1 shall
| attempt to show, and I think 1 can make such
| a case as will satisfy almost every nuel-iu-nt
) person, that the fact implied in the inquiry of
i the Senator from Delaware is justified by the
; actual truth of the eas".
j Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Pre-id -nt.
I do not propose to attempt in any manner to
i answer ttie interesting and skillful politic.1
i address of tlie Senator from Delaware, a "real
! part of which is entirely outside of the pre-i-ni
ij question, as all parties in this Senate have
'l agreed that the part of the resolution of the
jj Senator from Illinois applying to the civil str-
!| vice should be stricken out. and that .juestion
ij is now in no manner before the Senate,
'j I would sav further to my fi.end from Dela-
;; ware, that, if I am not very much mi-t ikon,
!i whatever impression may tempoiariiy be made
; upon the public- throiicli the press in ivf-rence
to the Admiais'ration and ihe Republican
! party, this year will not clos<- without the lie-
j. publican party manifesting that tliey are in
f favor of a thorough reform in the civil service
of the country, or without the Administration
iI being fully vindicated in this regard.
i1 I rose to.say a word in reference to the reso-
i; 1 ition which is before the Sena!-, i under-
stand the parliamentary rule insi-u-) tin to lie
:j that it is orderly and courteous to appoint on
i, a committee those who are in favor of the
measure presented in Hie resolution under
which it is created. And the fact here is that
; every member proposed for that committee
/ voted fur the resolution creating this standing
Committee on Investigation and Retreneli-
!; tnent. But, while tho rule of propriety is ad-
■ L mitted and insisted upon, we are toid that tlie
b committee should ha\e been nominated from
j' those who voted for the resolution antagonized
i again.--t the one before us, and winch was
defeated in the Senate by a vole of to 21.
■ i It i~ a .singular mode of argument for gentle-
il men to refer to and insist upon a rule which is
