3750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
Mr. LYNCH. Nor much light of any other
kind. [Laughter.]
Mr. DICKEY". Except such as we may get
from the remarks of the enlightened gentle-
man from Maine. But as a member of the
Committee on Appropriations, I went before
the Light-House Board with perfect impar-
tiality. We were obliged to cut down these
appropriations to a reasonable limit; and we
asked the Light-House Board to number the
appropriations they recommended according
to the order of their merit and necessity,
number one, number two, and number three.
The light-house named in the amendment of
the gentleman from Maine was one of those
embraced in class number two. We put into
this bill none but light-houses of the first im-
portance—those included in clas3 number one.
If the appropriation proposed by the gentle-
man from Maine be adopted, there are twenty
others of equal merit that will have to be in-
serted. The Light-House Board says that this
light-house will keep very well for another
year; that there is no immediate necessity for
the work being done ; that there is no reason
why this light-house on the coast of Maine
should be made an exception from the action
that may be taken upon all others embraced
in classes number two and number three.
If you increase this appropriation you will
have to increase all the other appropriations,
and we may have an aggregate iucrease of
seven or eight hundred thousand dollars
before we get through. I call the attention
of the House to the fact that we gave just as
much appropriation as the Light-House Board
insisted on as being necessary for the pur-
pose of commerce, and to those works which
were of prime necessity. This they say
is not oue of those cases, and for that rea-
son it is not in this appropriation bill.
The committee divided; and there were—•
ayes 14, noes 44; no quorum v.oting.
Mr. LYNCH demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Dickey and
Mr. Lynch were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the
tellers reported—ayes 40, noes 70.
Mr. LYNCH. I do not insist on any further
count ; but I will make a proposition that this
shall be built of American iron and the lanterns
plated with nickel, and perhaps I may get the
gentleman's support.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is re-
jected.
The Clerk read as follows:
For light-house at Wood-End, Provincetown har-
bor, Massachusetts, 815,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
the following amendment, to come in at the
end of line two hundred and eighty-six.
The Clerk read as follows:
For reestablishing and setting up two small bea-
con-lights in the harbor of Newburyport, the site of
one of which has been washod away by a storm,
$10,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I should
like to have the attention of the House while
I explain this case. This does not come in
as any new case, militating against the report
of the Committee on Appropriations. These
are two small beacon-lights that range the
harbor. The Light-House Board recommend
a new light-house and the recstablishment of
these beacon-lights.' Unfortunately, since the
report, one of these sites was washed down by
a storm. I desire now to get this to reestab-
lish these beacon-lights, and not to build any
light-house.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What the gen-
tleman says is correct, and this appropriation
ought to be inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For erecting a portable beacon at Bullock's Point,
on the east side of Providence river, Itho'ie Island,
#1,000.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to strike that out for
the purpose of asking of the Committee on
Appropriations where is the recommendation
in these estimates or in the report of the Light-
House Board for the establishment of a steam-
fog signal at the mouth of the Kennebec river?
I have looked through the* book of estimates
and the recommendations of the Light-House
Board, and I do not find it. Now, while these
new works are appropriated for in this bill,
old works falling to.pieces and in a dangerous
condition, and which ought to be reestablished,
are entirely left out of the bill, although we
have estimates for them and recommendations
from the Light-House Board. If any explana-
tion can be given I should like to have it.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Chairman, the steam-fog
signal referred to by the gentleman from Maine
is on the coast of Maine; and in the first place,
I wish to ask if he objects to it?
Mr. LYNCH. Not at all; on the contrary,
I supported it, and did not oppose it, but the
gentleman did not help me in having the
amendment agreed to which I offered.
Mr. HALE. Now I will answer the gen-
tleman's question that this steam fog signal
was strongly recommended, and the commit-
tee had the letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury and one from the Light-House Board,
and on that the committee acted.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask any of the gentlemen
of the committee to point out in the book of
estimates or in the recommendation of the
Light-House Board where the steam fog-signal
is recommended or appropriation asked for.
Mr. HALE. It is not in the book of esti-
mates ; it came in afterward.
Mr. LYNCH. It is not in the book of esti-
mates or in the recommendations, y^t an ap-
propriation is made for it, while appropria-
tions are refused for works which are to be found
in the book of estimates and in the recom-
mendation of the Light-House Board. I think
the discrimination is an unjust one.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to a point
of order, that there is no amendment pending
and debate is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amend-
ment pending offered by the gentleman from
Maine.
Mr. LYNCH. I withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows;
For a light-house on the middle ground in the
Hudson river, near the city of Hudson, New York,
$30,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to cor-
rect a mistake. That appropriation ought to
be $35,000 instead of $30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For continuing tile improvements at the light-
house depot of supplies, on Staten Island, New York,
$10,000.
Mr. TO WNSEND, of New York. I move
the following amendment to come in after line
three hundred and thirty :
For fog-bell on Fort Hamilton and Fort Colum-
bus, New York harbor, $1,S00.
I move this amendment to remedy an appa-
rent oversight. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury was supposed to have the power, but there
seems to have been some doubt about it. The
matter should have been brought before the
Light-House Board before. Fog bells would
have been provided, but private individuals
cannot obtain possession because it is Govern
ment property. I may state also that New
York harbor is being gradually so occupied by
ferry-boats, while the incoming shipping fre
quently amounts to twenty or thirty vessels
an hour, that this matter becomes one of very
great consequence. I do not think the Com
mittee on Appropriations will object to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
For f*rst-elass light and fog-signal at Piedras
Blancas, California, $75,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after the para-
graph which has just been read :
For rebuilding and reestablishing the steam fog-
signal station at Point Reyes, California, $10,000.
I desire to state that since this bill was re-
ported a light-house on the California coast
has been burned up. This appropriation, there-
fore, has become necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
Department of the Interior.
Public lands:
For rent of office of surveyor general of Louis-
iana, fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental
expenses, $2,500; and for clerks in his office, $3,700.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to move
to amend that paragraph by striking out
"$3,700," and inserting in lieu thereof
" $1,700reducing the amount of appropria-
tion for clerks in this office, $2,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
For rent of office of surveyor general of Flor-
ida, fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental
expenses, $1,500; and for clerks in his office, $2,700.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to
amend by striking out " $2,700 " and inserttng
"$1,700."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
For rent of office of surveyor general of Califor-
nia, fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental
expenses, $7,000; and for clorks in his office, $9,000.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend by
strikingout "$9,000" andinserting "$20,000."
And I will state that in connection with this
amendment, when we reach the appropriation
on page 24 for surveying the public lands in
California, I will move to reduce that appro-
priation from $70,000 to $50,000. I propose
to add in this instance $11,000, and to take off
in the other $20,000. The reason is that there
is not enough appropriation for office work in
proportion to the appropriation for surveys.
The proposition is to cut down the surveys and
use part of the money that will be saved in
working up the field-notes now lying in the
office of the surveyor general. I offer this
amendment by order of the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
For rent of office of surveyor general of Nevada,
fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental ex-
penses, $3,700; and for clerks in his office, $2,300.
Mr. DUNNELL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out " $3,700" and inserting "$2,700."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not know
any reason why that change should be made.
We have followed the estimates in determin-
ing this appropriation.
Mr. DUNNELL. I cannot see why $3,700
should be allowed for expenses of the office in
the State of Nevada, while elsewhere the ap-
propriation is $2,000or less. I do not under-
stand why rents should be so much more
expensive in Nevada than in any of the other
States.
Mr. SARGENT. What is the amendment?
Mr. DUNNELL. To reduce the appropri-
ation by $1,000. Two thousand dollars is the
average amount voted for the other States.
Mr. SARGENT. These estimates are made
up from accounts in the Treasury and in the
Laud Office. These estimates are originally
made in the Land Office, are based upon ex-
perience, and are adapted to all parts of the
country. They are then supervised in the
Treasury Department. And any attempt to
strike down a. particular appropriation, simply
because an individual member may not have
as much information as the committee had, if
yielded to, would only lead to confusion. I
think the gentleman should be content to rely
on the estimates framed in accordance with
the law and experience.
I can state to the gentleman that it is true,
as a matter of fact within my own knowledge,
that rent and expenses of this kind are higher
in Nevada than in my own State, or in any
other in the Union.
Mr. DUNNELL. My attention was called
to the very large discrepancy between the
