1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1003
The title was amended so as to read: "A
bill to amend an act entitled 'An act to pro-
vide for a building suited to the nse of the post
office, the pension and revenue officers, atidthe
judicial officers of the United States in the city
of Trenton, New Jersey,' approved March 3,
1871." ;
LAK15 ST. CROIX AND SUPERIOR RAILROAD.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 565.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to make a report.
Mr. CARPENTER. I will give way for
morning business after the bill is taken up.
Our Legislature is in session, and the bill must
be passed soon, if at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees being in order, the Senator from Wis-
consin aska unanimous consent to call up
Senate bill No. 565, and says he will give way
then to morning business. There is no objec-
tion, and the bill (S. No. 565) to extend the
time to the State of Wisconsin to complete a
road from Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and being np will be laid aside inform-
ally for the reception of morning business.
RETORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was recommitted the bill
(H. R. No. 55) for the relief of sufferers by
fire at Chicago, reported it with an amend-
ment.
AMERICAN CASE BEFORE GENEVA COMMISSION.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
additional copies of the American case as pre-
sented by the State Department at Geneva,
have instructed me to report back two reso-
lutions, one a Senate resolution and one a
concurrent resolution. I ask that both be
passed.
The Senate resolution was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to, as follows:
Jtesolved, That three thousand oxtra copies of the
ease of the United States presented to the tribunal
of arbitration at Geneva, be printed for the use of
the Senate.
The concurrent resolution was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to, as fol-
lows :
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That there be printed twenty-
two thousand extra copies of the case of the United
States presented to the tribunal of arbitration at
Geneva, seven thousand copies of which shall be for
the use of the Senate, and fifteen thousand copies
of which shall be for the use of the House.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 650) for the relief of Thomas IT. Walter;
which was read twice bv its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
651) to change the name of East Capitol street
in the city of Washington to Lincoln avenue,
and to provide for the improvement of the
same; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be priuted.
Mr. COLE. T present also a petition signed
quite numerously by citizens residing in that
part of the city asking for the passage of the
bill. I ask that it be referred with the bill
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask if that is one of
the common streets belonging to the city here.
If so, the bill ought not to be referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
If it is an avenue, it should be referred to that
committee.
Mr. COLE. It is now known as East Capi-
tol street. I suppose it is one of the avenues.
Mr. PATTERSON. If it is an avenue I do
not object to the reference.
-Mr, COLE. I do not know whether it is
or not.  
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a street
proposed to be called an avenue.
Mr. COLE. I wish to have it named an
avenue hereafter, at all events. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill and
petition have been referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. BLAIR asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
652) declaratory of the rights Of settlers upon
the Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas under
existing laws; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 653)
for the better protection of the Indian tribes,
and their consolidation under a civil govern-
ment to be called the Territory of Oklahoma;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 654) to provide for holding terms
of the circuit and district courts of thve Uni-
ted States in Nebraska City, in the State of
Nebraska; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
655) restricting the killing of the buffalo upon
the public lands ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Territories,
and ordered to be printed.
THE FISHERIES.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the report of' Riohard D. Cutts upon
the commerce in the products of the sea, showing the
markets, their capacity, and sources of supply, in-
cluding the principal national fisheries, and their
produce, and the home consumption, and balance
of trado of forty-eight countries, made in 1865, be
printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REIERllED.
On motion of Mr. PATTERSON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers of Boswell
W, Silsbee be taken from tho files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Lewis
Johnson,® Co., bankers, be taken from the files of
the Senate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
LAKE ST. CliOIX AND SUl'BiUOll RAILROAD.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business having concluded, the bill taken up
on motion of the Senator from Wisconsin is
before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, and will be read.
The bill was read. It provides that in case
there shall be completed, within one year from
its passage, forty miles of the road from the
St. Croix river or lake to Lake Superior, as
authorized by act of Congress approved June
3, 1856, and act of Congress approved May 5,
1864, and the Secretary of the Interior shall
be satisfied of such completion, the time for
completing the construction of the road as
authorized by those acts shall be extended to
the State of Wisconsin five years from the
passage of this act, and all the grants, rights,
and privileges contained in the original acts
shall be continued in full force and virtue for
that time of live years. It is provided that the
word " mineral" when used in the acts referred
to, shall not be held to include coal or iron,
and that the lands granted by the acts hereby
extended, (excepting only such as are neces-
sary for the company to which their benefits
may inure, for depots, stations, side-tracks,
wood-yards, standing-grounds, and other need-
ful uses in operating the road,) and pine, coal,
and iron-lands, shall be sold to actual settlers
only, and in quantities not exceeding one hun-
dred and sixty acres'to any one person, under •
such rulgg&nd restrictions as may be prescribed
by the Secretary of the Interior; at such prices"
as will secure to the company, its successors
or assigns, an average price of not more than
$2 50 per acre. The right of way is. also,
granted to the company to the extent of one'
hundred feet in width on.each' side of the road
through the public lands. The grant hereby
extended is to inure only to the benefit of-Buck
company or companies as the State of Wis-
consin may hereafter designate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I,desire to know whether
that bill has been reported from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands in that shape? I ask be-
cause I have not the bill before me. !
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was read twice
January 31, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and reported February 5, without
amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me say to the
Senator from California that a similar bill
was reported at the last session and passed by
the Senate, but was not reached in the House
of Representatives, or at all events did not
pass the House. This is a bill which I think
will meet with no objection when it is under-
stood ; and our Legislature being in session, it
is important to have it passed as early as pos-
sible.
Mr. HARLAN. I inquire if this bill con-
tains an additional grant or an enlargement of
grant'/
Mr. CARPENTER. None whatever.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to call
the attention of the Senate to some facts con-
nected with this bill; I have not got them all.
It seems that Congress passed an act in 1856
for this railroad, and gi-anted what was
deemed sufficient to build the railroad at that
time. Eight years after, in 1864, it was re-
newed, and now, eight years more having
elapsed, it is again asked to be renewed. If
it is renewed at all, the magnitude of the
grant ought to be very much diminished ; for
what was necessary to build the road in 1856
would more than accomplish the purpose now.
I am opposed to the granting of any more
lands to railroads; I believe that they will be
built as fast as the country requires by private
enterprise; and least of all am t in favor of
granting a renewal of a right of this character.
When it has been once before renewed, and a
lapse of an equal time from the first time to
the second has taken place, we are now called
upon to renew the grant again, with the same
extravagant allowance of five sections to the
mile on each side, for the purpose of build-
ing this ordinary, common road through a
State.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, it is
true that this grant was renewed in 1864, but
the Senate will bear in mind that that was dur-
ing the war. The Senate will bear in mind
also the condition of that country in the north-
western part of the State of Wisconsin, and
will know that it was impossible at that time,
and under the then situation of the country,
to command capital to build this road. Nev-
ertheless, twenty miles of it have been built
and put in operation. This bill provides, and
is upon the condition, that twenty more miles,
making forty in all, shall be completed and
put in operation within one year. The set-
tlers along the line of this road have under-
stood that it was to be built on the faith of
this grant, and I have written to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office to know how
many of the lands along the lme of this grant
have been purchased at the price of $2 50 an
acre, and I ask the Secretary to read his
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department op the Interior,
General Land Office,
Washington, D. C., January 19,18/2.
Sir : In reply to your inquiry of 10th instant rel-
ative to the amouct of land disposed of at %Z 50 per
acre along the Kb© of the St. Croix, Lake Superior,
and Bayfield railroad, in consequence of tnc act
