1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1959
has been referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, how do we get hold of it?
Mr. STEVENSON. It has not been re-
ferred.
Mr. COBURN. I supposed it had.
The SPEAKER. The Senate bill is now on
the Speaker's table, and the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois is to suspend the rules
and pass it.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I ask to be heard for
a single moment on this proposition.
Mr. COBURN. The Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs has reported a bill similar to this
iu many respects, in fact I might say contain-
ing provisions much more beneficial to the sol-
diers than those found in the Senate bill, and
it seems to me that before the House passes
this bilt it should fairly consider the matter
and at least give the House a chance to
vote upon the bill of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, which contains more liberal pro-
visions beneficial to all the soldiers in the land,
instead of to a few homestead settlers.
Mr. HAWLEY. I will say in answer to the
gentleman that the bill of the Senate has been
maturely considered by the Committee on the
Public Lands, and has received the unanimous
approval of that committee, all the members
being present; and I certainly think that that
committee is the proper committee to consider
the question of bestowing the public lands
upon any one.
Mr. STOUGHTON. If this motion is voted
down, will it be in order to move to refer the
bill to a committee?
Mr. HAWLEY. I asked on Friday last
that it should be referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and objection was made.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I objected becausewe
had a bill on the same subject before us, and
it properly belongs to our committee.
Mr. HAWLEY. The Committee on the
Public Lands have the same subject before
them, and have prepared a bill upon it. I
insist upon my motion to suspend the rules
and pass the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
will not press his motion against Uie protest
of the Committee 011 Military Affairs; if he
does, it will embarrass some of us very much.
That committee has the interests of the sol-
diers especially in charge, and f hope this
motion will not be pressed now against the
protest of that committee.
The question was then taken upon the
motion to suspend the rules; and upon a
division there were—ayes ninety-six, noes not
counted.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and the bill was passed.
BALTIMOUIJ AND POTOMAC RAILKOAD.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent to have printed at length in the Globe
a petition which T have presented under the
rules at the Clerk's desk, from citizens of the
District of Columbia, protesting against the
passage of the bill to grant to the Baltimore
and Potomac railroad the right to erect a pas-
senger depot, near Sixth street.
Mr. DICKEY. 1 object to all guerrilla
debate.
COLOSSAL STATUE Ob' ADMIliAL FARRAGUT.
Mr. TYNER, from the Committee 011 Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, by unanimous con-
sent, reported a joint resolution (H. R. No.
117) to authorize the erection of a colossal
statue of the late Admiral Farragut; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution, which was read, in-
structs the Conunitteeson Public Buildings and
Grounds of the S'-nate and House of Repre-
sentatives to inspect the models for a colossal
statue of the late Admiral Farragut thai may
be presented to them within sixty days from
the approval of this joint resolution, and to
select therefrom the one that in their judgment
shall be the most faithful likeness in form and
features, and the most appropriate to com-
memorate the deeds and character of the said
Admiral; and directs the Secretary of the Navy
to contract with the sculptor who shall have
prepared the model so selected for a colossal
statue of the said Admiral, (at a cost not ex-
ceeding twenty thousand dollars,) to be erected
iu Farragut square, in the city ot' Washington,
District of Columbia, or in such other place
as may be designated.
Mr. TYNER. I have myself no speech to
make in behalf of this joint resolution. It
commends itself; its object is so worthy and
meritorious that I hope and believe it may
pass the Hoase without opposition. Congress
has frequently appropriated money to erect
statues us tributes of respect to the mem-
ory of distinguished civilians and of mili-
tary chieftains, but no such appropriation has
ever yet been made in honor of the Navy.
A petition signed by nearly all the officers of
the Navy, including all of the staff of the
late Admiral Farragut, was presented to the
House, and referred to the Committee 011
Public Buildings and Grouuds, asking an ap-
propriation for this purpose. The committee
believe that it is due to the memory of this
most distinguished representative of the Navy,
and due to the people of the United States,
that this small appropriation shall be made
to aid in perpetuating his great name, and iu
keeping alive the recollection of his valuable
services.
I desire to say nothing further in behalf of
myself or of the committee. If it be the
pleasure of the House to hear from some other
gentlemen who have expressed their willing-
ness to speak on this joint resolution, I will
yield for that purpose. I yield first to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. COX. I have been requested by the
gentleman who has charge of this joint reso-
lution, in the absence of the honorable gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] who
was to have said a few words, to occupy the
time of the House for but live-minutes. I do
it because I think a proposition of this kind
in honor of the Navy ought not to pass with-
out some kind of expression from members
to show the appreciation of their constituents
for Admiral Farragut.
Mr. Speaker, the American people take a
peculiar pride, amounting to romance, in the
heroism of their Navy. II has far outstripped
the recognition of Congress; for Congress has
seldom done more than "tender thanks." It
has ordered but one work of art, and that a
painting, whose subject belongs to the sea.
But nowhere, as upou that mobile element,
have American heroism, courage, and patriot-
ism been more nobly illustrated. The record
of our Navy has scarcely any disaster and no
stain. Defeat has often overcome our arms
on laud, but we have never yet succumbed in
a fair combat upon the water. Reputation at
least to our hero of the sea was never lost
either with his ship or under disaster. From
the days of Barry, Hull, Decatur, Perry, Por-
ter, MeDonough, and Lawrence, to Farragut,
Goldsborough, Porter, Paulding, Winslow, and
Worden, whether in a duello between ships,
a struggle between wooden ships and fortified
shore, or a fight between fleets 011 river or
sea, our respect abroad has been enhanced
and glorified by the gallant and determined
conduct and skill of our naval heroes. Fore-
most, <primus inter pares, stands the name
of David Glascoe Farragut.
The erection of a monument to his mem
ory would be received with satisfaction aud
applause by our constituents, not because he
served more than half a century without a
blot, but because as an officer his charge of
our flag in distant lands or on oar own shores
was ever vigilant, honorable, and true. He
was the naval hero of our civil war. It will
not aggravate the asperities growing out of our
civil strife to honor this representative sailor;
for he was faithful, skillful, brave, and gener-
ous; greater, even, in the freshness and gen-
tleness of his heart than in his skill and bravery
in command. As commander of the Hartford,
he i*an with impetuous bravery and strategic
prudence the terrific fires of St. Philip and
Jackson ; but he was greater by far when he
won the hearts of his officers and sailors, and
indeed of the American people, by the mod-
esty with which he wore his honors. He laid
the insurgent cities of the South, New Orleans
and Mobile, at the feet of the Union ; but
there is remembered, long before our civil
strife, the boy who fought on the Essex by the
side of the great Porter, a lialf century before.
He early gave promise, even from the hpsofhis
early wounds, and subsequently by alifeofduty,
of that after glory which shone out at Vicks-
burg, Corpus Christi, Sabine Pass, Galveston,
and more conspicuously 111 the bay of Mobile.
The people who hereafter may look upon the
bronze we propose to erect to his memory,
the people of an after generation, when am-
nesty becomes realized and the country is
united in contentment, will hail him as the
gentlest among our heroes.
While he was never afraid of close quarters
in the fight, and his motto and order to his
men and officers was "Conquer or be con-
quered," his youthful hilarity, full of the sun-
light of his ancestral island home uuder the
Mediterranean sun, will make his name be-
loved by the young heroes of the sea, while
it will be revered by the country which cher-
ishes them. It is meet that we honor Far-
ragut, not only as an example to the cadet
who roads our naval history, and hopes to
emulate his gallant conduct, but as a testi-
monial to a patriot and a hero, whose name
will remain long after the bronze of which
the efEgy is made shall have become rust
and dust. It will remain to shed a luster on
our naval prowess over all the world and
through all time. And, therefore, I second
this joint resolution with all my heart, aud
shall support it by my vote.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I am unable, on
account of indisposition, to address the House
at this time. I therefore ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the Globe some re-
marks I have prepared on this joiut resolution.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted, [See Appendix.]
Mr. GARBTBLD, of Ohio. I desire to
move an amendment to this joint resolution,
and to say a word or two upon it.
Mr. TYNER. I will hear it.
The amendment was read as follows;
Strike out the words " within sixty days from tho
approval of this joint resolution," and insert ill Lieu
thereof the words " before the end of tho next fiscal
year."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow me, I wish to say that in a
work that should be a fitting monument to
Admiral Farragut we should put all the art
and genius this country can call to its aid ; and
to say, as the bill now proposes to say, that
the range of choice should be limited to the
models that may be presented within the next
sixty days seems to me not doing justice to the
artists of the United States. We have artists
residing in Italy whose attention has not been
called to this subject; we have artists in vari-
ous parts of the country who ought to be in-
spired by tho thought that they have the oppor-
tunity to compete for the honor ol_ doing this
work for which we are now providing, lo say
that sixty days shall be the limit of time within
which competition shall be allowed is merely
to say that somebody, be he blacksmith or
artist, who lias already prepared a model of a
statue of Admiral Farragut, shall be the only
competitor. Of course I do not know who
may now be expecting to be competitors;
