1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
116
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Schurz.
Senate,
York now claiming an absolute power to con-
trol these warehouses; and the President of
the United States can exercise no power over
the collector in the exercise of his legal func-
tions except the power of removal. I believe
that will be conceded on all hands. I doubt
very much whether the law does give to the
custom-house officer in New York the power
he claims : he has always claimed that power,
and one section of this bill tranfers the power
from him to the Secretary of the Treasury,
who will be responsible.
Mr. SCHURZ. I am very much obliged to
the Senator from Ohio for his explanation. I
would ask only this question of him, if I may
have his attention for a moment. It appears
from the testimony given by Mr. Lydecker that
the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury
is required when persons are designated to be
put in charge of the warehouses. Is that so?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have already read this
law as to the general warehouses, but these
are not the general-order stores. That general-
order business, though not to its present vol-
ume, has existed I suppose forty years to some
extent; when goods are not claimed within a
certain time, when the consignee does not
apply and pay the duties, they go into general-
order store or general-order warehouses. That
general-order system has grown into magnitude
only within a few years on account of steam
navigation.
Mr. SCHURZ. I understand. I asked the
question merely for the purpose of ascertain-
ing whether the opinion which was expressed
in the investigation was correct, that Leet and
Stocking were never legally designated because
the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury
was wanting. That, however, I consider for
my argument an immaterial point.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think the Sec-
retary has any power over them. They are
simply agents of the collector for the custody
of merchandise. They are so regarded.
Mr. SCHURZ. Now we are told that the
general-order business is a mere administrative
detail left to the collector of the port of New
York ; but when that general order business
transforms itself into a machinery by whieli
the meicantile community of New York is
plundered, must then that general order busi-
ness and the persons in charge of it be still
tolerated for a year in the positions which
thev hold after the whole scandal has been
exposed? Will it be said that the Executive
branch of this Government is entirely power-
less in the premises? Can absolutely nothing
be done?
It may be said that the collector has direct
control over these parties. Suppose he has ;
but who has control of the collector ? Is there
no way of reaching the collector / If it turns
out that the collector maintains a system which
is a flagrant and scandalous public abuse, will
you tell me that the importance of Mr. Mui-
"phy's remaining there was so great that even
the worst things could go on under him and
yet the Government eould not lay its hands
upon him? You tell me that the President
of the United States and the Secretary ot the
Treasury had absolutely no power over the
subject? Why, sir, we know that Mr. Leet
went to New York armed with a letter of rec-
ommendation written by the President, and
that be obtained control over the general-'order
business in consequence of that letter of rec-
oinmenda'ion. Will you make an intelligent
people believe that another letter written by
the President of the United States to the col-
lector would not be powerful enough to put
Leet out. of the wav and to end the scandalous
abuse can ied on by him ? Will you make the
people believe that the President would go to
Collector Murphy and pray him earnestly to
put an end to those scandalous practices, and
when Murphy refused to do it, the 1 resident
of the United States would modestly bow his
head in submission if he earnestly desired that
the abuse Vie abolished? Sir, if the President
of the United States, knowing of those scan-
dalous practices, was opposed to them, and
Tom Murphy for them, was not there a very
simple way of correcting the mischief? Men
have been dispossessed oftheir offices for causes
far less connected with the interests of the
public service. If Murphy wanted to main-
tain Leet and Stocking in their places and
evil practices against the wish of the Presi-
dent, there was not the remotest reason why
his official head should not have been as cheap
as the official heads of other people. -
But, sir, Murphy was not removed. A whole
year after a committee of Congress had laid
open the whole scandal before the eyes of the
world, Leet and Stocking were still pocket-
ing the money of the mercantile community,
Murphywas still there, and finally he resigned
of his own accord, and received a letter from
the President assuring him that he enjoyed his
utmost confidence and had the approval of his
official conduct?
Mr. HARLAN. If it is no interruption to
the Senator  
Mr. SCHURZ. . Certainly not.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish he would state spe-
cifically what these wrongs were and how he
supposes they could be remedied. What were
these wrongs of which he has now complained
committed by Leet and Stocking?
Mr. SCHURZ. 1 have already told the
Senator that as for the scandalous system
which prevailed under Leet and Stocking the
remedy was the simplest in the world; that
was, to turn the rascals out and put honest
men in their places.
Mr. HARLAN. What was it? What did
they do that, was so wrong?
Mr. SCHURZ. I do not think I shall have
to lay before the Senator here all the testimony
that was taken by the investigating committee
in New York.
Mr. HARLAN. No ; he may sum it up in
a few words.
Mr. SCHURZ. It has been spread broad-
cast all over the country. Merchant after
merchant was before the committee showing
bills of overcharges which had extracted money
from their pockets.
Mr. HARLAN. What does the honorable
Senator mean by overcharges—more than they
had a right to charge under the rules ?
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, sir; more than they
had a right to charge.
Mr. HARLAN. Under the rules?
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, sir.
Mr. HARLAN. Will the honorable Sen-
ator tell how much they had a right to charge,
and what the excesses were, so that we may
know what the evil is?
Mr. SCHCJRZ. Does the Senator think lie
can make a point upon me here by forcing me
to go back into the custom-house regulations
and showing him point by point what the whole
country knows?
Mr. HARLAN. Not at all. I supposed
the Senator was speaking as a legislator, that
he wanted not only to exhibit facts, but to in-
form the Senate, and as he has examined this
subject thoroughly, was a member of the com-
mittee that has made the report-, and is doubt-
less familiar with every point in the report, I
supposed he would be able to state in a few
words what the evil is, the personal evil of
which lie complains, and how he proposes to
lemedythat evil.
Mr. SCH UllZ. Have I not told the Sen-
ator already that twice the matter has been
investigated by committees of Congress, twice
the fact has been elicited that overcharges
were made by Leet and Stocking amounting
to double the sum that, was formerly charged
for the same service ?
Mr. HARLAN. " Formerly charged." I
want to know what they had a right to charge
under the rules, and what were the rules. Did
they violate any rules, or had they a right to
charge what they pleased ? Was it a matter
of mere discretion with these storehouse-keep-
ers, or were there rules that required them to
charge only specific sums or maximum sums
on parcels of goods? I desire to know what
the exact information is which the Senator ean
impart on that point.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the Senator from
Iowa imagine that by such questions which I
may answer or not, for I might answer them
if I wanted, I shall permit myself to be' drawn
off from the course of my argument; or that he
can obfuscate the minds of the American peo-
ple concerning the abuses that have been
going on ?
Mr. HARLAN. No; nor have I any desire
to do so. I have stated that this system has
existed certainly for a long number of years,
ever since I have occupied a seat on this floor,
now seventeen years. The very complaints
the honorable Senator is now making were
made under the administration of Franklin
Pierce; then under the administration of
James Buchanan. Now, I want to know what
new cause of complaint the Senator has found.
He says this general-order system is all wrong.
Now it is narrowed down to some wrongdoing
ou the part of two men called Leet and Stock-
ing. 1 want to know what the wrongs perpe-
trated by them are that are incapable of cor-
rection. If two committees of the Houses of
Congress have ascertained what they are, and
the honorable Senator was a member of one
of those committees, "and is familiar with the
facts, it certainly would not be embarrassing
to him to state exactly what they are.
Mr. SCHURZ. No, sir, it is not, I will tell
the Senator, and I tell him also that he cannot
draw me off from the course of my argument.
Mr. HARLAN. Nor have I any desire to
do so.
Mr. SCHURZ. The old charges were per
package from seventy-five cents to §1 25, for
which Leet and Stocking charge from $1 50 to
$2 50; and if the Senator wants to inform
himself on the subject, let him read the report
of the committee, as I have done, and which
he ought to have read before.
Mr. HARLAN. They might charge how
much on a package under the law and under
the rule? That is the question I want answered
first. Then I want in the next place to know
how much did they charge and collect.
Mr. SCHURZ. Well, sir, I think if the
Senator from Iowa has demonstrated any-
thing he has demonstrated that, although hav-
ing taken up so much of my time, he has not
been able to deny that if the.executive depart-
ment of this Government wanted to put an
end to this scandalous practice as carried on
by these two men, there was no lack of power
which prevented them from doing it.
Mr. HARLAN. Oh no, that, was no part
of my purpose; but if the Executive should
fail to do it,, the House of Representatives and
Senate could do it.
Mr. SCHURZ. No, it was not a part of
his purpose, but he has most admirably suc-
ceeded in making that demonstration. ,^0^'
sir, is there anybody who will say that if the
President, had been determined to abolish this
thiii", he could not have found means to do it?
Mr. HARLAN. Why, Mr. President, no-
body calls that in question; but it is a ques-
tion of fact 1 want information on. lie says
there were abuses there committed by Leet
and Stocking that somebody has refused to
correct, and that somebody is guilty of a great
wron"; he thinks the President, should have
corrected it. 1 want to know, then, what the
abuse was.
Mr. SCH URZ. I have already referred the
