1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8751
amount allowed to this State and to some of
the others ; in some States only $1,800 is al-
lowed. while here is an appropriation of $3.700.
I was unable to see how rents should be so
much higher in Nevada than elsewhere.
Mr. SARGENT. It is for fuel, among
other things. Fuel in Virginia City costs
twenty dollars a cord, and is very poor wood
at that.
Mr. DUNNELL. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows :
For rent of office of surveyor general of Montana
Territory, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, $2,000: and for clerks in his office,
$2,000.
Mr. CLAGETT. I move to amend that
clause so as to increase the amount for clerk
hire to $2,500.
Mr. SARGENT. This is not the whole
appropriation for your Territory for this pur-
pose.
Mr. CLAGETT. I know that, but under
the new mining law which Congress passed,
even last year there was considerable failure
in clerks' work in this office.
Mr. SARGENT. This appropriation, taken
in connection with the one in the legislative
bill, is more than was given last year.
Mr. CLAGET f. I will state to the House,
and to the gentleman from California partic-
ularly, that this year we shall probably have
four times the amount of business we ever had
before. The whole amount of land entered
last year was sixty-five thousand acres. In
the last month alone over forty thousand acres
of land were entered, and the amount will
probably run up to at least two hundred thou-
sand acres. The location of the Northern
Paoifie railroad through the Territory has
stimulated the entry of lands by two or three
hundred per cent. I offer the amendment to
increase the appropriation for clerical force
by the small amount of $500. I have received
an application from the surveyor general of the
Territory asking to have it increased to
$3,000 ; I only ask $500.
Mr. SARGfiNT. We allowed in the legis-
lative bill the amount which was given last
year, but complaints were made by the gentle-
man and others that the amount allowed last
year was not enough, and the committee took
the difference between the amount allowed last
year and the estimates and put it in the bill,
and we can stand by it in the Senate because
it conforms to the estimates.
Mr. CLAGETT. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. KERR. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the paragraph
last read, and I hope the committee will allow
it to be adopted:
For expenses of tho United States commissioner
to the international penitentiary congress at Lon-
don, in 1872, £5,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is no
objection to that amendment if the gentleman
will allow it to be placed over under the mis-
cellaneous head. Let it be adopted with that
understanding.
Mr. KERR. I have no objection to that.
The amend meat was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after line five
hundred and twenty-two:
For rent of office of the Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at St. Louis, Missouri, $3,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For surveying the public lands in Montana Terri-
tory, at rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per linear
mile for standard lines, twelve dollars for township,
and ten dollars for section lines, $40,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to strike
out "$40,000" and insert in lieu thereof
"$50,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For surveying the public lands in California, at
rates not exceeding fifteen dollars per linear mile
for standard lines, fourteen dollars for township,
and twelve dollars for section lines, $70,000: Pro-
vided, That the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, in his discretion, may hereafter authorize
public lands in said State, and also in Washington
Territory, densely covered with forests or thick un-
dergrowth, to be surveyed at augmented rates, not
exceeding eighteen dollars per linear mile for stand-
ard parallels, sixteen dollars for township, and four-
teen dollars for section lines.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation in line five hundred and seventy
from $70,000 to $50,000, for the reason which
I have stated, that a part of this amount has
already been allowed for clerical hire in a
previous appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after line six
hundred and one:
For completing the survey of Fort Gratiot mili-
tary reservation and marking streets and blocks and
lots already sold thereon, $2,000; or so much of it
thereof as may be necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For survey of the northern boundary of Nebraska
at a rate not exceeding forty dollars per linear mile,
the estimated distance being two hundred and twenty
miles, $8,800.
Mr.TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I move
to amend by inserting after the paragraph just
read the following:
For the continuance of the system of land maps
ot the Committee on Public Lands, under direction
of the Clerk of tho House, &500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KENDALL. I move to amend by
inserting after the paragraph just read the
following :
For survey of the northern boundary of Nevada, at
a rute not to exceed fifty dollars per linear mile,
$15,500.
In this amendment I have followed the
estimates for appropriations. I wish to state
the reason why this boundary line should be
surveyed. All the northern part of Nevada
bounded by southern Oregon and the southern
portion of the Territory of Idaho is being rap-
idly settled. There is now a conflict of juris-
diction between these two States and that Ter-
ritory. Thesettlers going into that region of
country are uncertain as to what jurisdiction
they are under, and hence results infinite con-
fusion as regards titles to property and as
regards the jurisdiction of their courts. There-
fore there is a very strong reason why this
boundary line should be settled and established.
The distance—the length of this line—is about
three hundred and ten miles, and the amount
asked for here is certainly not too much con-
sidering the desert nature of the country, a
great portion of which is also mountainous.
To show the rapidity with which this country
is being settled up, I submit to the committee
a statement made to me by the surveyor gen-
eral and land register of Nevada, which 1 ask
to be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Statement of the nvmber of acres of land applied for
and sought to be purchased by iiidioidwil^ from the
State of Nevada.
-Acres.
In 1867  5,560
In 1868 18,200
In 1869 37,120
In 1870  22,520
In 1871 86,160
In 1872, (January, February, March) 56,400
or at the rate of 225,600 during 1872.
Mr. KENDALL. It will be noticed, Mr.
Chairman, from that simple statement that
the public lands in the State of Nevada are
being rapidly located and occupied by settlers,
and hence the inference to be drawn directly
from that statement is that there is a necessity
for having the boundary lines of that State
established and fixed. I do not think it neces-
sary to make any further argument to show
the importance of this amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
state that the only reason the Committee on
Appropriations had for omitting this item was
that, on a review of the whole situation of our.
surveys of western Territories and the bound-
aries of States, itdid not appear to thecommit-
tee that a State having now butforty-two thou-
sand population, and having, as the gentleman
from Nevada [Mr. Kendall] says, a great
deal of sterile land, should ask us to pay out
so much money for surveying. If the remarks
of the gentleman have satisfied the Committee
of the Whole that this ought to be put in, let
it go in. It is included in the estimates.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Metropolitan police:
For salaries and other necessary expenses of the
Metropolitan police for the District of Columbia,
$155,917: Provided, That an equal sum shall be paid
to defray the expenses of the said Metropolitan
police force by the cities of Washington and
Georgetown and the county of Washington beyond
the limits of said cities, in the District of Colum-
bia, in the proportion corresponding to the number
of privates allotted severally to said precincts; and
the corporate authorities of said cities, and proper
authorities of the District of Columbia, are hereby
authorized and required to levy a special tax, not
exceeding one third of one per cent., which shall
be specially deposited once in each week, as such
collections are made, to be appropriated and ex-
pended for said purpose only, for the service of the
fiscal year ending Juno 30,1873.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In order to
make this paragraph correspond to the esti-
mates, I move to strike out u $155,917" and
to insert $207,890," and to amend the pro-
viso by striking out the words " an equal
sum" and inserting ua further sum amount-
ing to $103,945."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
For annual repairs of the old portion of tho Capi-
tol building, for painting1, glazing, keeping roofs in
order, water-pipes, pavements, and approaches to
tho building, $10,000.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the paragraph just read by adding
to it the following:
Provided, That a sufficient portion of such appro-
priation shall be expended under the direction of
the architect of the Capitol extension to keep in
older the archways and door-ways of the Rotunda
and corridors of tho Capitol.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That does not
add to the appropriation. I have no objection
to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows j
For continuing tho work of grading and filling,
and for planting the grounds around the Capitol,
paving B street north, from Delaware to New Jersey
avenues, and the quadrant, thence to Pennsylvania
avenue, and for eurbing and paving the foot-ways
around the Capitol grounds, $35,000; which shall be
available immediately.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the paragraph by adding to it the
following:
Providing that the avenues, streets, and ap-
proaches to the Capitol and grounds within one
thousand yards shall have tbeir grades established
by the architect of the Capitol extension, under tho
direction of the Committees vu Public Buildings and
Grounds of the Senate and House of Representatives.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is all right;
it simply makes a rule about grading.
Mr. BROOKS. What is the chauge pro-
posed?
Air. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The
change is this : the Board of Public Works of
the District of Columbia claim the right to
establish the grades of all the streets that ap-
proach the Capitol, irrespective of the grades
that the architect of the Capitol extension
and the Committees of Public Buildings and
Grounds of the two Houses of Congress may
deem it expedient to establish.
Mr. BROOKS. What if they come in
conflict?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The
object of this amendment is to prevent a con-
flict. Without some law of Congress regu-
lating the matter, the District authorities
might cut down the grades adjacent to the
Capitol ten feet.
The amendment was agreed to.
