1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
in direct opposition to the objection which is
made to the committee. There is certainly no
parliamentary reason for selecting the com-
mittee from those who are opposed to the
decided action of the Senate.
Mr. President, this cornmittee is very prop-
erly not composed of partisans, but is carefully
selected from those who have taken no active
part in this unpleasant controversy, care at the
same, time being exercised that they should be
men of integrity and those in whom the public
have confidence. There would be no difficulty
in naming Senators on either side who by rea-
son of their partisan interest would be fairly
objectionable as members of her committees.
The Senator from Delaware shows that he
perfectly appreciates the propriety of this com-
mittee being non-partisan in its character when
he tells us that it would be very improper to
place upon the committee the Senator from In-
diana [Mr. Morton] because of tliac Senator's
opinions on this subject; and yet he insists that
on this committee there ought to be those who
aro partisans in this controversy. This com-
mittee is judicial in its nature. • To it will be
intrusted important interests, not only of the
nation, but of the individual citizen, and
every consideration of propriety suggests that
it should he impartial.
As to the suggestion that another Democrat
should be added, I have no objections to voting
that it be so.
Now, let me say why I vote against the res-
olution of the Senator from Illinois. It is inti-
mated 011 this floor, and by a portion of the
press, that those who oppose that measure are
not in favor of the most thorough investiga-
tion of frauds. Sir, that is a most unpalatable
charge, that Senators sent here by sovereign
States are disposed to cover up peculations
and dishonesty and to be sympathizers with
tort-feasors, and thus become as guilty as those
who do the wrong. Those, sir, who voted
against that resolution will have an opportun-
ity of showing to the couutiy that it is for no
purpose of covering up fraud that they voted
against the resolution of the Senator from
Illinois. 'The Senator from New York, by the
resolution he has introduced, has shown that
he is in favor of full investigation; others will
do the same. 1 cannot say that I am now in
favor of the resolution of the Senator from
Illinois. I believe that resolution to be in
violation of the Constitution of the country,
and 1 would rather bear what, charges may for
a few days be brought against me than to do
what I believe would be a permanent injury to
the \ery frame-work of the Government.
Our standing committees are branches of
the Government. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary. of which my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Thumbujx] has for years been the distin-
guished chairman, has in the last ten years
done more to shape the laws and policy of this
Government, has done more to give civil rights
and freedom to the citizen, than all theadjudi-
cations of the Supreme Court. The Commit-
tee on Finance has preserved the good faith
of the nation and regulated aright its monetary
affairs. And now it is proposed to add another
important organization by creating the stand-
ing Committee of Investigation and Retrench-
ment, and the resolution of the Senator from
Illinois proposes that the committee shall be
permanently invested with the right of sending
for pes sons and papers. No other standing
committee of either House of Congress has,
or ever had, any such permanent power. It
has never been claimed or asked for any other
committee. The power asked is gigantic, dan-
gerous, and unconstitutional. The committee
can carry on its investigation in private. It
can investigate the affairs of any citizen in ref-
erence to the public service, or in reference to
any of the wide fields opened by the resolu-
tion, without his having counsel, without his
having his witnesses, without his even knowing
that the investigation is going on. They could
traverse the country in vacation and in term;
they could send for any person against whom
they might see proper to prefer a charge. That
person could not say, " I will not testify against
myself," because we have already passed a law
which provides that one shall not be excused
from testifying to his own infamy. 'The act of
1882 says:
"And no witness shall hereafter be allowed to re-
fuse to testify to any fact or to produce any paper
touching which ho shall be examined by either House
of Congress, or any committee of either House, for
the reason that his testimony touching such fact, or
the productionof such paper, may tend to disgrace
him, or otherwise render him infamous."
For a committee permanently to have that
power would be a direct violation of the fourth
article of the amendments to the Constitution,
which declares that—
" The right of the people to be secure in their per-
sons, houses, papers, and effects against unreason-
able searches and seizures shall not be violated."
The people of this country would and should
not tolerate the existence of such a tribunal,
and no good is to be attained by it. It
would be a court wanting only the gilded star
of the council hall at Westminster to make it
at Star Chamber in name as in very fact. There
is no necessity for any such power. Let anv
Senator rise in his place and propose to sub-
mit for investigation any fact, any department
of the Government, and the Senate will, il' the
proposal meets its approval, confer for that
specific purpose the power of sending for
persons and papers ; but the fact that the exer-
cise of this power must meet the approval of
the Senate is a necessary and a most salutary
check upon its use. Such an application would
give notice to all parties, that they might look
after their rights.
We are told that with good men on the com-
mittee this power will not be violated. Mr.
President, this is a Government of law, not
a Government of men. A Government of men
is one of tyranny. The. rights of the people
on this point, are chartered in and by the Con-
stitution. It declares that the right of the peo-
ple to be secure as to their persons and papers
shall not be violated. Those rights do not
depend upon the character or disposition of the
members of any committee, which may change
from year to year or month to month. For
these reasons, I could not vote for the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Illinois.
We have been told that we did cotifer upon
the committee that went to the South to ex-
amine southern outrages, power to send for
persons and papers. That was a temporary
committee. It has performed its duty. It
was for a specific purpose, and the public
were notified just what that purpose was. It
was not made a permanent branch of the Gov-
ernment. It was very different from that which
is now proposed.
It is also urged that no evil ha? arisen from
the investigations of the Committee on Ile-
trenchment in the past; on that point I beg
leave most respectfully to dissent. If any one
will read the report of that committee he will
find that there are many individuals against
whom testimony was admitted impugning their
character, casting upon them the smoke of
suspicion, and there was no report from that
committee whether they were guilty or whether
they were innocent.
Mr. PATTERSON. Will the gentleman
allow me a word ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certeinly.
Mr. PATTEIISON. The gentleman seems
to throw out the imputation that the committee
did something quite wrong in not reporting to
the Senate whether parties who were testified
against were innocent or guilty. What the
committee did was just this: in-every case
where testimony was brought against individ-
uals, those individuals were permitted to come
before the committee and rebut that testimony,
and their testimony was published with the
testimony against them, and it was presented
to the Senate in i hat form and has gone to the
country in that form: so that the whole Senate
and every person in the country who reads the
report can judge just as easily and as correctly
as the committee could as to the guilt or inno-
cence of those parties.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN". The statement
of the Senator from New Hampshire certainly
does not conflict with anything that I have
said, and I do not see that it in any manner
improves the character of this investigation.
I am not finding fault with the individual com-
mittee, but I am finding fault with the system,
with the character of the investigation.
Mr. PATTERSON. Will the gentleman
allow me to interrupt him once more?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Certainly.
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to ask
the Senator if he thinks it is possible for the
committee to determine absolutely the inno-
cence or guilt of a person? There is the testi-
mony, and that is published to the world, and
the gentleman can judge as well as the com-
mittee can as to the lact.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is just
what I object, to. I do not suppose that this
committee can without great labor arrive at a
safe judgment in reference to these cases.
Nevertheless, the suspicion is suffered to hang
aronnd the unfortunate persons who come
before them. This would have been relieved
by an adjudication of the committee that the
person charged was innocent when the (acts
authorized it. If 1 had been one of those
charged, rather than be subject to an uncer-
tain accusation I would have thanked the
committee had they pronounced me guilty;
then I might have some opportunity of appeal,
of self-vindication. I would have preferred
such a judgment to the indefinite charge
remaining on the records of the country.
The difficulty is not with the members of the
committee. They probably did all that they
undertook to do. They reported that the
general-order business in New York ought to
be reformed, and these lesser issues were left
to be decided by the country—a most unsatis-
factory tribunal on a specific charge of fraud.
I insist that this committee ought only to be
charged with specific things; that their in-
vestigation as to those subjects should be
thorough; that they should report upon the
subject committed to them, and that we should
not have this wide range of investigation with
this inordinate, and, in my opinion, unconsti-
tutional power of sending for persons and
papers permanently conferred upon them.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I am not
disposed at this moment, though some time I
may be, to follow the Senator from New Jer-
sey on the question of sending for persons and
papers. 1 have some very strong convictions
on that question, and before the Senate determ-
ines what it shall do in any individual case
I hope it will thoroughly study and digest
the admiiable aigument of the late Governor
Andrew and Mr. Sewell, of Boston, on the
precise question now raised by the Senator. I
sympathized with those distinguished lawyers
at that time, and before we come to any final
conclusion on an individual case, whether it
is again=t the Ku Klux ot the South or against
corruption at the North, that, argument of
those distinguished lawyers must be answered.
I say nothing about it now.
Nor shall I follow the Senator from New
Jersey in the other topics at present. I con-
fine myself to the question before the Senate,
which i-, the committee moved by the Senator
from Rhode Island.
I should not have said another word but for
a remark that fell from the Senator from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Buckingham.] who is desig-
nated as the chairman of this committee. I
think Senators will agree that the Senator
from Connecticut, in the remark he made, has
changed the whole posture of this question.
He will correct me it I am wrong. He stated,
as I understood, by way of excuse for not ap-
pointing the Senator fiom Illinois [Mr. TltUM-
bvll] chairman of the committee, the place
