1960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
bat I ask the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Ttner] to allow me to offer an amendment
providing that the competition shall be open
until the end of the next fiscal year, so that
the broadest notice may be given and the
largest competition allowed, and that thejoint
committee may have the fruit of tlie very best
genius the United States can offer.
Mr. HOAR. A sculptor living even in Cal-
ifornia conld not, under this resolution, have
sufficient notice to prepare a proper model.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] sug-
gests, an artist in California could not within
sixty days, even if his Representative on this
floor should telegraph to him to-day, prepare
a suitable model for competition under this
resolution. Why, sir, it is not possible even
for a man living in Boston or New York to
take up this subject de novo and do his very
best within sixty days.
Mr. TYNER. Mr. Speaker, 1 am disposed
to display in this case the utmost fairness in
opening the competition for which the joint
resolution provides. It was not the intention
of the committee to adopt such a limitation
that only those who had already prepared
models in whole or in part should come into
competition. It is the desire of the commit-
tee that this resolution shall elicit (to use sub-
stantially the language of the gentleman from
Ohio) the product of the very best talent of the
country. But I do not believe that it is ne-
cessary to keep this matter open until the 1st
of July, 1873. If, in the opinion of the House,
sixty days will be too short a time, then I sug-
gest to the gentleman from Ohio the propriety
of so modifying his amendment as to say
" on or before the 1st of January, 1873."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cheerfully
accept that, as a modification of my amend-
ment.
Mr. TYNER. I desire to say, in support of
the joint resolution as it has been reported by
the committee, that, after a very full consulta-
tion with artists and with others who pretended
to know somethiag about this subject, it was
believed that sixty days would allow ample time.
If this resolution should now pass the House
and should go through the Senate within any
time that may be reasonably accepted, it
would be seventy or eighty days from to-day
before the limitation would have expired. I
have 110 doubt that any sculptor in the Uni-
ted States (and I speak from information
gathered in conversation with various sculp-
tors) may prepare a suitable model within
sixty days; and there would evidently be more
than sixty days'notice to the public if this
resolution should pass the House to-day.
But in order to prevent an appearance of
unfairness or any impression that the commit-
tee are the partisans of any sculptor in this
country, I am entirely willing to name as the
limitation of time " on or before the 1st day
of January, 1873.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I disclaim all possible imputation on the com-
mittee. I, of course, know that they were
desirous of getting a statue prepared as soon
as possible; but I would also remind the
House that one of the noblest American sculp-
tors resides in Florence, Italy; and he could
not byany possibility be a competitor if this
limitation of sixty days should be adhered to.
Mr. TYNER. I have suggested the 1st of
next January, because, in the first place, it will
allow ample time, and secondly, because Con-
gress will then have been in session about
thirty days.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield.] as modified, will be adopted.
There was no objection.
The joint resolution, as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. TYNER moved to reconsider the vote
by which thejoint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SECURITY OF LIFE ON BOARD STEAMERS, ETC.
Mr. NEGLEY. I now call up the motion
to reconsider the vote by which thj bill (H.
R. No. 1850) t.o amend an act entitled "An
act to provide for the better security of life on
board of vessels propelled in whole or in part
by steam, and for other purposes," approved
February 28, 1871, was recommitted to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to;
and the motion to recommit being withdrawn,
the bill came before the House.
Mr. COX. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania whether it is intended to
persist in the motion to strike out the fifty-first
section, a most important section, which reads
as follows:
Sec. 51. And be it further eiiacted, That all coast-
wise sea-going vessels, and vessels navigating the
great lakes, shall be subject to the navigation laws
of the United States when navigating within the
jurisdiction thereof; and all vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam, and navigating as afore-
said, shall be subject to all tho rules and regulations
established in pursuance of law for the government
of steam vessels in passing, as provided by this act;
and every coastwise sea-going steam vessel subject
to the navigation laws of the United States, and to
the rules and regulations aforesaid, not sailing under
register, shall, when under way, except on the high
seas, be under the control and direction of pilots
licensed by the inspectors of steamboats. And no
State or municipal government shall impose upon
pilots of steam vessels herein provided for any obli-
gation to procure a State or other license in addi-
tion to that issued by the United States, nor other
regulation which will impede such pilots in the per-
formance of their duties as required by this act; nor
shall any pilot charges be levied by any such au-
thority upon any steamer piloted as herein provided,
and in no case shall the fees charged for the pilotage
of any steam vessel exceed the customary or legally
established rates in the State where the same is per-
formed: Provided, however, That nothing in this act
shall be construed to annul or affect any regulation
established by the laws of any State requiring ves-
sels entering or leaving a port in any sueh State,
other than coastwise steam vessels, to take a pilot
duly licensed, or authorized by the laws of such
State, or of a State situate upon the waters of such
State.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope,
Mr. Speaker, this bill will not be pressed
through hurriedly in this way. I have an
amendment myself which I desire to offer.
The SPEAKER. It must bo considered
now, or, if the gentleman from Pennsylvania
consents, it may be postponed to some future
day, to be taken up and considered to the
exclusion of all other business.
Mr. KERR. It is an important bill, and
should be passed as soon as. possible ; and I
hope that will be done. We should, however,
have time for its consideration, and I hope the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will consent to
designate some day when it will be taken up,
to the exclusion of all other business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Previous to any
determination on that point I ask to offer an
amendment to be printed with the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I hope it will be made to
the exclusion of all other orders in the House,
so that if a majority of the House think it best
to go into Committee of the Whole that course
can be taken.
The SPEAKER. That would not be the
construction given by the Chair, If the House
made an order to the exclusion of all other
orders, that would preveut the House resolving
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. DAWES._ I hope the gentleman will
qualify his motion, so that, if circumstances
arise making it necessary, the majority can
have an opportunity to go into Committee of
the Whole to take up the public business.
Mr. NEGLEY. I sincerely hope the House
will designate an early day. If that be the
pleasure of the House, I will not object. This
is an important measure, and one which is i
now receiving the attention of the whole coun-
try, as it has done for a long time past. There
are a number of manufacturers, as well ass
steamboat-owners, awaiting the passage of this
bill, in order to carry on their industries.
Mr. DAWES. I do not wish to interfere
with the early consideration of this bill. All
I ask is, if an emergency requiring the House
to go into Committee of the Whole should
arise on that day, which is possible, that then
the right will be reserved to the majority to
do so.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire also to
reserve the same right to go into Committee
of the Whole on the appropriation bills.
Mr. NEGLEY. I hope gentlemen will not
press the claims of their committees to the
exclusion of this most important bill from the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DAWES. If you will allow us th>
privilege we ask, we will endeavor to obviate
all necessity for using it, and we only ask the
privilege in case the public business should
require such a course to be taken at that
particular time.
Mr. NEGLEY. I am willing to designate
an early day for the consideration of this bill
to the exclusion of all other business. I should
be sorry to have it hurriedly considered bj the
House. I am willing to agree to the sugges-
tion of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means and of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, provided they
will agree to help me to have the bill promptly
considered and passed.
Mr. DAWES. Fix your day.
Mr. COX. If the bill be taken up and con-
sidered to-day and a motion is made to strike
out the fifty-first section, I shall ask to have
the whole bill read rather ibati that section
should be stricken out.
Mr. NEGLEY. As 1 have ahead}' stated
to the gentleman from Ohio, I will afford every
opportunity to him to protect the interests of
his constituents.
Mr. DAWES. Indicate some day when *hi;-,
bill shall be taken up.
Mr. NEGLEY. 1 will designate Thursday
next, when the bill shall be considered from day
to day to the exclusion of all other business."
The SPEAKER. Designate the hour.
Mr. NEGLEY. Immediately after the morn
ing hour.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen
tleman will let me offer an amendment to be
printed with the bill.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move that it, be taken up
at.half past one o'clock on Thursday next, and
be considered from day to day to the exclusion
of all other business until disposed of.
^ Mr. DAWES. As I understand, the gen
tleman reserves the right to the Committee
of Ways and Means and to the Committee on
Appropriations to move to go into Committee
of the Whole on the public business.
Mr. NEGLEY. Providing the gentleman
will endeavor to assist us to obtaiu an early
consideration of the biil.
Mr. DAWES. Of course.
The SPEAKER. There cannot be an uu
derstanding on the part of the House as to
how gentlemen shall behave to one another.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HAWLEY, Will the Chair please to
state againthe^ proposed arrangement?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
it. The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Negley] asks that at the hour of half past one
on Thursday next, and from day to day at the
same hour until completed, this bill shall be
made the special order, to the exclusion of all
other orders.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask a parlia-
mentary question. We have assigned bills for
special consideration in the same manner for
days already passed. I want to know if this
present order interferes with those that are now
in that position?
