2856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
our soil, climate, and productions, and the free
intercourse and free interchange of the pro-
ducts of the labor of our people, is one of the
secrets of our growth and strength.
In antagonism with this spirit of the age a
Echool of economists maintain that the road to
national prosperity is in exclusion and isola-
tion ; that trade should not be left free to seek
its own channels and methods of exchange.
They advocate the creation of artificial imped-
iments, and desire tolls and tariff dues to be
imposed for the enhancement of prices. Ex-
changes profitable to indviduals they believe
to be calamitous to the nation. Although the
millennium ol" commercial independence grows
year by year tuore remote, extreme protection
prophets still find followers.
These theories would be of little importance
did they not concern and underlie our system
of taxation. It is conceded that the necessi^
ties of the Government require the imposition
of duties on imports. A revenue tariff regards
the wants of the Treasury as the measure and
end of governmental interference. The pro-
tective system, purely such, would assume the
supervision of the business of the country and
a parental care for its capital and labor.
The one leaves the laws of trade to regu-
late industrial enterprise; the other relies
upon congressional legislation. The latter
asserts that prohibition is the road to na-
tional wealth. It discourages foreign trade,
although profitable, shuts our market against
commodities cheaply produced abroad, and
aims to stimulate their home production even
at enhanced cost. It concerns itself for a
few favored producers, and ignores the rights
and claims of consumers ; it would force the
establishment of manufactories, though unre-
umnerative, and support them by public con-
tribution. A revenue tariff permits commerce
to flourish, seeks exchanges with the cheapest
and most desirable markets, and leaves capital
and labor free to avail themselves of natural
advantages affording the most profitable em-
ployment. The extreme protectionist's ideal
is constrained diversification of industry, com-
mercial independence, Japanese isolation.
I cannot stojp to discuss the merits of these
different theories as abstract propositions. 1
but state the apparent aim and effects of the
systems, and leave protection and free trade
as questions of political economy to essayists
and logicians.
TARIFF t,AWS CONSIDERED.
It is a legal maxim that to interpret a statute
correctly, the old law, the mischief, and the
remedy must be considered. Such also must
be the statesman's order of procedure of pro-
viding new legislation. Among the statutes
we find enactments for the collection of rev-
enue to support the Government. Whether
framed upon this or that notion of govern-
mental policy, it is our duty as legislators to
inquire into the effects of existing laws and
devise relief for their hardships or oppressions.
It is undeniable that our rates of tariff duties
are now higher than ever before in the history
of our people, and far exceed those of any
civilized nation on the face of the globe.
The debt-burdened monarchies and empires
of Europe dare not oppress their subjects with
such tariff taxation as we impose.
FORMER TARIFFS.
Under the protective tariff of 1842, in force
four years, the average rate of duty upon
dutiable imports was only 30 per cent. The
people were restive under what they consid-
ered its unreasonable and oppressive discrim-
inations, and swept it away. The lower tariff
of 1846 followed. This withstood all assaults
in Congress and before the people, and for
eleven years collected only an average rate of
25J per cent. It yielded in 1857 to a less protect-
ive tariff, which for four years more collected
but 20J- per cent, upon the dutiable imports.
The necessity for greater revenue furnished
a reason, and the secession of southern Sen-
ators and members of _ Congress an opportunity
to reestablish protective duties, and secured
the passage of the act of March 2, 1861, some-
times called the Morrill tariff.
WAR RATES. i |
The enormous expenses of the war of the ^
rebellion demanded increased taxation. Higher ;
duties from year to year were imposed. _ i
The average rate of duty upon dutiable i
imports, which was 19 per cent, during the j
fiscal year ending June, 1861, ran up to 38
per cent, under the tariff of that and the fol-
lowing year, and to 49f per cent, under the
tariffs of 1864 and 1865, and the special tar-
iffs subsequently passed, and was 44 per cent,
for the last fiscal year. _ |
The average rates per cent, on certain manu- j
factored articles before the war and at the \
present time are as follows:
1860. 1871.
Rate of duty. Kate of duty.
24
12 to 24
15 to 24
15 to 24
19 to 24
15 to 24
15 to 24
15
24
43i
43*
40
69
60
36£
53
101
48
30
Article.
Iron manufactured  
Steel 
Cotton manufactured 
Woolen mnnufactured 
Silk manufactured 
Leather manutactured....
Glass manufactured 
Salt 
Coal 
Paper  15 to 24
INTERNAL TAXATION DURING THE WAR.
In 1864, when most of the present high
duties were established, the exigencies of
the Government to carry on a gigantic war
required revenues to be raised from every
possible source. Internal taxes were directly
assessed upon domestic manufactured articles,
and indirectly by special taxes upon occupa-
tions, and sales, and the means of doing busi-
ness. Under the provisions of internal rev-
enue laws passed simultaneously with the
tariff of that year, in 1856, $234,000,000 were
collected from sources of revenue that have
expired or will expire at the close of this year.
Domestic pig iron paid a tax of $2 per
ton ; bar iron from $2 to $5 per ton; steel
from $5 to $12 50 per ton ; textile fabrics and
other manufactures, five per cent, ad valorem.
I append a statement showing the internal rev-
enue and compensatory tariff duty. Within
one year this internal taxation was increased
one fifth by the act of March 3, 1865:
Internal Tariff
revenue increase in
Article.
tax.
S2 00
3 OJ
3 00
5 00
1862«nt< 1864.
$3 00
5 00
5 Of)
7 10
o percent.
$10 00
10 00
20 00 <
10 per cent.
5 per cent.
5 per cent.f
15 percent.f
6 cents.
13 per cent.
10 per cent.
Pig iron, per ton 
Blooms, per ton 
Kailroad iron, per ton 
Bar iron, per ton 
Manufactures of iron, per
ton  5 00
Steel, valued at 7 cents  5 00
Steel, valued at from 7 to
11 cents  30 00
Steel, valued at over 11
cents  12 50
Manutactures of steel  5 per cent.
Tanned leather  5 per cent.
Cotton fabrics  5 per cent.
Woolens  5 percent.
Salt, per cwt  0 cents.
Silk  5 per cent.
Flax atid jute  5 per cent.
Paper  5 per cent. 5 per cent.
These burdensome taxes on American pro-
duction of course were properly compensated
by high rates of duties upon similar imported
commodities. The rates of duties with slight
exceptions remain to-day unchanged. Yet the
internal revenue taxation upon the American
product has been wholly removed. The chair-
man of the Senate Finance Committee, whose
orthodoxy as a protectionist will not be ques-
tioned, lately remarked that—
"During the war these duties were increased to
counterbalance the internal taxes levied upon
domestic industry."
He
Will the producers in other forms of industry
consent to the maintenance of excessive rates of
duty on mechanical fabrics? The result of such
duties is to secure to mechanical industry higher
wages than can be earned in other kindred employ-
ments. Such excessive protection ceases to diversify
* And ten per cent.
f Specific.
production, but forces labor into protected employ- ,
ments."
This candid admission confesses the oppor-
tunity for oppression in the protective system
and the injustice of present tariff rates.
Excessive rates of duty secure to mechanical
industry higher wtiges than can be earned in
other kindred employments. How? Surely
only by increasing the price of their products
to consumers. Otherwise there is no pro-
tection or advantage What are these kin-
dred employments which excessive protection
oppresses so that labor is forced from such
avocations into protected employments?
CLASSIFICATION OF INDUSTRIES.
There are two classes of producers that
encounter foreign competition : the one in
foreign markets, the other in our own. The
first produce such articles as we export, the
second such as are imported. A third and
middle class render services or produce arti-
cles neither exported not-imported, and there-
fore unaffected directly by foreign competi-
tion. Among the first class we find not only
farmers and planters, but a large number of
manufacturing industries exporting products
abroad; in the second, manufacturers of tex-
tile fabrics and workers in metals, and gen-
erally articles easily transported and pro-
duced in other countries as well as otir own;
in the third, all engaged in local industries,
builders, such as carpenters, masons, &c.,
tailors, shoemakers, blacksmiths, and the long
list of trades, occupations, and professions
required for the local convenience of the peo-
ple in every town and village.
To fully appreciate the effect of our tariff
laws upon the industiies of the country, it is
all important to bear in mind the number
engaged in these three classes respectively,
and their mutual relations to each other; the
first class, producing exports, and the third
| class producing commodities incapable ot' im-
I portation. cannot be protected by tariff laws.
; The benefit to the second class arises solely
from securing higher prices for their products.
I The enhanced prices are a tax that some-
| body must pay. One industry gains at the
' expense of and by taxing another. Compen-
i sation for this burden is sought, to be given by
imposing duties and protecting the products
of other industries. In endeavoring to make
this extension the inequality and favoritism
of the system becomes evident, for tariff
duties can prevent competition from foreign
imports but cannot aid our exports. ' The
latter must be sold at the prices in the markets
abroad. The producers of ex-portable com-
modities can secure no compensating price
to make up for the taxation imposed upon
them. They cannot throw the tariff taxation
upon consumers of their products, nor can
other producers of similar commodities, find-
( ing a market at home as well as abroad. All
| these must stand the tax imposed by the tariff,
j They cannot raise the prices of their products
ij to meet the increased cost of production occa-
sioned thereby. Other non-protected indus-
tries. unaffected by foreign competition, such
as those engaged in building, inland trans-
portation, traffic, trades, and professions, and
the hundreds of unprotected employments, can
raise the price for their services to compensate
for the tax imposed upon them by the tariff
duties. They can charge other industries, both
protected and unprotected, higher prices for
their own labor or products.
AGRICULTURE DOUBLY BURDENED.
But a double burden falls upon those the
value of whose products must be measured by
the price in the foreign market The enhanced
price occasioned by the duty bears directly
upon them as consumers, and ultimately they
pay a portion of the tax imposed upon articles
consumed by non-protected trades whoso ser-
vices they require. The cotton-planter, and
wheat and corn-grower, pay the duty not only
on their own clothing, wares, and implements,
