116
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Febsuaiy 27,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Schurz.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Senator from Iowa to the reports of the com-
mittees. If he has not studied those reports,
it is his fault and not mine, and he cannot call
upon ine here to read to him the evidence
which is contained in them.
Mr. HARLAN. If the honorable Senator
declines to give the information, of course I
have not another word to say.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the Senator from Iowa
suppose I would now go into a general exposi-
tion of the details connected with the general-
Order business in New York?
Mr. HARLAN. Oh, no ; but the honorable
Senator, we all know, could state in a sentence
what this evil is. He could tell us what the
rules are, how much a storekeeper or ware-
house-keeper had the right lo charge on pack-
ages. Then he could tell from his memory,
doubtless, how much they did charge; and in
this way we could see what this abuse is, of
which complaint has bsen made.
Mr. SCHURZ. Havel not already done so?
Mr. HARLAN. Not that I have heard.
Mr. SCHURZ. Not only has the Senator
from Iowa not read the reports, but he has not
even listened to what I have said.
Mr. HARLAN. I have tried to listen.
Mr. SCHURZ. I have said to him—always
remarking to him that he would not succeed in
drawing me off from the line of my argument—
that for his own information, and out of pure
kindness of heart, I would tell him that the old
charges were regularly from seventy-five cents
to $1 25 a package, and that charges have been
made by Leetand Stocking from $1 50 to $2 50.
I made that statement, and the Senator from
Iowa goes on arguing that he wants to know
what the damage is. if he wants to know
beyond this, let him look into the reports.
Mr. HARLAN. But the honorable Senator
does not tell us whether the charges which he
named are regulated by rule. He says they
charge in some cases two dollars a package*.
I want to know what rules there are that
regulate those prices, or whether it is merely
discretionary with Leet & Stocking.
Mr. SCHURZ. Nobody certainly will charge
me with a want of courtesy if I am now determ-
ined to put an end to this. I have been inter-
rupted by the Senator from Iowa now at least
a score of times; I have given him informa-
tion, yielded to his inquiries, and all that, I
arguing upon one point and he arguing upon
another.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to beg the Senator's
pardon if it has been inconvenient to him.
Air, SCHURZ. It was not the least incon-
venience as far as argument was concerned;
but certainly it was taking up time for nothing,
for if the Senator from Iowa really does think
that the people of the United States do not
know what the abuses of the New York gen-
eral-order business are, I feel certain he will
find himself grievously mistaken, it he does
not know it himself, it is a state of innocence
which is entirely inconceivable under circum-
stances such as the present. [Laughter.]
^No, sir ; I do not think there is a man in the
United States who can be made to believe that
if in the highest quarters of this Government
there had been a determination to put an end
to those abuses there was any lack of power
"which prevented that determination from being
carried out; and if the excuse of a want of
power is brought forward, permit me to use a
vulgar expression, which I am loth to do, the
subterfuge is altogether " too thin."
Sir, I am very glad to see at last that some
preparations are made to put an end to this sean-
dal. In to-day's papers we read that a promise is
made of reform, and I am indeed glad that the
President of the United States, after a year
of painful disappointment, has at last found a
collector before whom he does not bow his head
in vain when he asks for the abolition of abuses.
[Laughter.]
Now, sir, I am through with this matter, and
I need not say that I have occupied far more
time than I intended. I expected to finish my
remarks in half an hour, but other Senators
have spoken as much as I, if not more.
I wish to say to the honorable Senator from
Iowa that I did not mean any discourtesy to
him when stopping his interruptions, but he
ought to remember also that he was a member
of the present investigating committee, and
he ought to be better informed about the sub-
jects which that committee inquired into.
Mr. HARLAN. I did not understand the
honorable Senator as having intended any dis-
courtesy. I only apologized for myself, as I
supposed he thought I had taken up too much
of his time.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, there was
another remark made by the Senator from
New Jersey to which I wish to say a few words
in reply, especially as the same subject was
alluded to before by the Senator from Indiana,
and was used as one of the principal points in
his argument. It was said—and in all proba-
bility in order to discredit me before the pub-
lic opinion of the country—I had already
declared that I would not vote for President
Grant if renominated. I admitted at the time
this was true; and now the Senator from New
Jersey will certainly find no fault with me if I
briefly restate the reasons which I gave when
I made that public declaration. It was at
Chicago, and in the speech I delivered there
I spoke as follows. 1 had been discussing the
action of the President in the St. Domingo
case, the orders that went forth to our naval
squadron there to interfere by force of arms,
not only in ease of a conflict between Hayti
and St. Domingo, but also in case of a revo-
lutionary uprising inside of the republic of St.
Domingo against the Government of Baez.
After having characterized that as a flagrant
violation of the Constitution and a usurpation
of the war power, I went on to say:
"The power to involve the country in war is a
power of tremendous responsibility. It cannot be
circumscribed too carefully, nor too conscientiously
guarded against abase. That this power was taken
from the executive and confided to the legislative
branch of the Government was one of the most im-
portant changes in the theories of constitutional
government; it was essentially a republican pro-
vision, for which we gratetully remember the fathers
of our Constitution. And here we stand belore a
naked usurpation of this power; a usurpation which
only through a fortunate accident failed to be the
cause ot bloodshed. Wnen our ships of war had
sailed with the President's orders it wa3 beyond his
power to prevent a hostile collision. Any Haytien
adventurer might have brought it about. It will
not do to say that a little war with Hayti would
have followed.
" There are no little wars " says the Duke of Wel-
lington. A little war with Ilayti 1 France sacri-
ficed theflower of its revolutionary army—the army
of the flhme—in a war with Ilayti. We would be
victorious, but to what purpose? There stands the
naked usurpation. No public danger provoked it;
no public interest was served by it; no public voice
called for it. The honor ot the country would have
been lar better guarded without it. Not the shadow
of a valid justification excuses it. A naked act of
usurpation performed merely to further a favorite
scheme ot the White House. And for this the Con-
stitution was violated, and the peace of the country
endangered. _ And can such an act pass without the
most energetic opposition of Congress, and without
emphatic public condemnation? ft would .almost
seemso. And more than this, the same otficerof the
troveininent who wasguily ol this act is held up by a
greatniany as the man above all others to be rein-
vested with the power and honor of the national
iixecutive. JJoyou know what that means? We
are living in a country where precedent often, but
too often, acquires the authoiity of law on constitu-
tional rule. What is a mere fact to-day is apt to be
looked upon as law to-morrow. If this act of usurp-
ation passes without authoritative censure, thus
passing as a precedent into our history, future Pres-
idents and their sycophants will find therein suffi-
cient proof that a President may arrogate to himself
such a power, for President Grant had done so, and
done so not only with impunity, but the American
people, after he had done so had again rewarded
mm wnu the highest honors of the Republic.
" And what will that signify ? That henceforward a
most flagrant and willful breach of the Constitution
by a President will be considered no reason why the
same position of trust and power should not be con-
fided to him again. And when the Republican
party-will meet in national convention to select a,
candidate for the Presidency, the question will not
merely be, do we prefer this man to any other that is
mentioned? but the question will be, are we pre-
pared to sanction executive usurpation with our
approval, as a party? Are we prepared to ask the
people to establish and sanction a precedent which
strikes at the very foundation of republican govern-
ment?
" May the party whose public services form so bril-
liant a part of the history of this Republic not end
with such a descent! If such aquestion should ever
be submitted to the people, it is to be hoped, lor the
sake of constitutional liberty in this country and in
the world, that the American nation will not hesi-
tate to give an answer worthy of a free people. If
the American people love their institutions they will
never allow their Presidents to grow so great that
they may wantonly trifle with the fundamental laws
of the Republic.
"I have been severely censured and attacked for
my attitude in this affair. That cannot touch me.
But when a respectable Republican journal sum-
mons Mr. Sumner and myself to compose our per-
sonal differences with the President for the sake of
the public interest, it deserves an answer. I will
give it for myself individually. I cannot under-
stand this view of public affairs. I know of no per-
sonal differences that could influence my political
attitude. My personal relations with the President
were never other than friendly. I complain of
nothing. And were it otherwise I would certainly
lose my self-respect if, on account of a personal
resentment, I found myself capable of attacking the
policy of the President. But if the President were
my dearest and most intimate friend, this friendship
would not restrain me from opposing a violation of
the Constitution. I do not view the great battles of
politics as a comedy, wherein we see fit to play at
pouting in one act and reconciliation in the next.
44 To me it is a serious, sacred task. I know only
right and duty. I should have been but too happy
if I could have contributed to the end that this
Administration should prove a blessing in every
direction, and I hoped as much. I am fully con-
scious of my responsibility when I speak of a viola-
tion of the Constitution. Ishouldneverhavespoken
of it had I not deemed it my duty and were I not
profoundly in earnest. It is my conviction, a con-
viction conscientiously formed, that this is a vio-
lation of the Constitution in its most important
point, which the people cannot willingly puffer to
pass without encouraging the undermining of their
constitutional rights piece by piece, and without
dropping into the dangerous habit of submission to
the arbitrary freaks of personal government. I am
not the man to change my convictions like a pair
of gloves. Let them prove to me that I am in the
wrong, and all differences are composed. But until
then I shall not cease to battle against sanctioning
thirf precedent, either through Congress or through-
the people, with all the energy of my nature. I
shall not cease to strive that this precedent may be
annulled by the proper authority as long as I have
a voice to speak or a pen to write. I cannot, I shall
not indorse a violation of # the Constitution in its
most vital part by supporting under any circum-
stances, the candidacy for reelection of the Pres-
; ident who perpetrated it."
Ihese, sir, were the reasons which I then
gave, and in the correctness of those reasons I
believed then and I believe now, and I may
say that when we discussed this subject in the
Senate, I heard no argument which would in
the least effect my convictions concerning this
matter. Has the violation of the Constitution
in this instance been successfully denied?
'ifaat sutcessfui refutation is unknown to me
and it is unknown to the country. It has been
asserted that because I have made that declara-
tion I was on the point of going over to the
Democratic party. The Senator from New-
Jersey may set his soul at rest, and so may the
Senator from Indiana. I shall not go over to
the Democratic oarty.
Mr. FKEfcfNGHUYSEiT. Did I make any
such statement?
Mr. SCHURZ. I understood the Senator
from New Jersey to say so.
Mr. FUELING HUYSEN. I did not say
one mord on that subject.
Mr. SCHURZ. Then I am glad to admit
that I misunderstood the Senator. Certainly
the lemarks made by the Senator from Indi-
ana left that inference so strongly that there
was no escape from it. I reiterate that I shall
not go over to the Democratic party. I never
intended to do so, and I have no such inten-
tion now. But rny resolution is firm not to
vote for a candidate for the Presidency whoso
election would, as f am honestly convinced,
be a danger and a misfortune for the country
and for the causeof constitutional government;
