168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
for which the Senator from Connecticut him-
self is designated, that he had conferred with
the Senator from Illinois, and that he found
that he would not accept the place. Why did
the Senator fro in Connecticut confer with the
Senator from Illinois upon that question ?
Why did he ri.se in his seat here to state that
the Senator from Illinois had declined, unless
in his con science he felt that the place belonged
to the Senator from Illinois, and not to him-
self; unless he felt that it belonged to him by
parliamentary law above the action of any
caucus or any political combination?
But, as the Senator from Connecticut has
disclosed with regard to the Senator from Illi-
nois, I should like to have a further disclosure
with regard to other Senators. I should like
to know of the Senator from Connecticut
whether he had any information with regard
to the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Schcrz,]
whether he would accept the place?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I had not.
Mr. SUMNEK. The Senator had not.
Had the Senator any information with regard
.0 the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Pattersox,] for several years chairman of
the Committpe on Retrenchment?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I made no inquiry
in regard to the disposition of those gentle-
men, whether they desired to be on the com-
mittee or not.
Mr. SUMNER. Then it comes to this :
the Senator from Connecticut before taking
the place as chairman soothed his parliament-
ary conscience by ascertaining that the Sen-
ator from Illinois would not accept the place,
but his conscience did not require him to go
further and ascertain whether the Senator from
Missouri would take the place, whether the
Senator from New Hampshire would take the
place, or whether any oth<-r Senator who had
been active on thisfloor in pressing this inquiry
would take the place. The Senator by his own
confession would not take the place from the
Senator from Illinois. When the Senator made
that admission he admitted the title by parlia-
mentary usage of the Senator from Illinois,
and I say by the same admission he admitted
the title of those other Senators whom I have
mentioned. They had taken an active part in
this business : they had led in it.
I am not to be put aside by any question of
form as to which resolution was adopted and
which was not. That is not the question.
From words let us ascend to things. The
thing was an inquiry into abuses under the Gov-
ernment. All else was mere language, mere
words, "leather and prunella,'' represented
bv the Senator from New Jersey.
"Mr. FREL INGHUYSEN. I come from a
leather country.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. Now I wish
to bring the Senate back to the precise ques-
tion on this committee: is it constituted ac-
cording to parliamentary usage? I have the
testimony in open Senate of the Senator from
Connecticut, designated for the chairmanship,
that it is not so constituted. At any rate, I
cannot explain the admission he made except
by the idea that he felt that the place for which
he was designated was not the place that be-
longed to htm : that by pariia ment&'-y usage it
belonged to another. I say this with infinite
respect for thatSenator, whose integrity, whose
purity, whose entire ^simplicity of nature has
my admiration : but I do say that the Senator
from Connecticut has put himself into a false
position, especially when he admits in open
Senate that the place belonged to the Senator
from Illinois rather than to himself, for by the
same tokendid it belong also to otherSenators
before it could be given to the Senator from
Connecticut.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have participated in no
way in the debates which have grown up in the
discussion of the question now before the Sen-
ate, and indeed it was my purpose to say no
single word upon it, but upon the question of
the constitution of this committee there has
been, in my judgment, so much of error, par-
ticularly in the assumptions of the Senator from
Massachusetts, that I have been provoked to
break my silence.
Now, Mr. President, let me in a very few
words state the facts in this case and see what
they are, and what is the parliamentary law
applicable to those facts. The Senator from
Illinois submitted to this body a resolution
creating a joint special committee. That was
one proposition. It was to be a committee
limited in its duration, and not, like one of the
standing committees of the Senate, calculated
and designed to be perpetual. According to
parliamentary law, where a specific subject is
referred to a specific committee elected for
that purpose it is assumed that the member
moving it shall be made its chairman, and it
is further assumed, as Jefferson lays it down,
that the committee as a whole shall be favor-
able to the consideration and discussion of the
subject submitted to it. Your parliamentary
law stops there, and extends not one single
inch or word beyond. What was done by the
Senate? They voted, 84 to 21, or something
like that, that they would create no joint
special committee for a special purpose limited
by this session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There has been no
vote on the proposition to create a joint com-
mittee. We took up the other resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is a mere play upon
words hardly worthy of the distinguished Sen-
ator from Illinois. He made a proposition to
raise a joint select committee. My friend
from Rhode Island proposed in its place a
resolution to create a standing committee of
this body, and upon that proposition we voted,
and when wo voted one up I thought we
voted the other down. That was my under-
standing. I say it is a play upon words that
is not worthy of the Senator from Illinois to
say that we did not vote upon that proposition
and did not vote understandingly.
Then we disposed of the question of ajoint
select committee. I concede that if that had
been adopted it would have entitled the Sen-
ator from Illinois to be its chairman. We
created a standing committee, which entitled
no Senator upon this floor to its chairman-
ship save upon one general principle of par-
liamentary law that you will frame your com-
mittees appropriately to the subjects that
are committed to them. That is all there is
of it; and you, Mr. President, [Mr. Carpen-
ter in the chair,] or any other Senator in this
body, might as appropriately be made chair-
man of that committee as any other Senator.
When the Senate declared that they would not
have ajoint select committee, but would have
a standing committee, all that was requisite
was to constitute that committee m such a
manner as would favor the general object and
the general subjects for which it was created,
and those subjects wln-jh should be referred to
it. That was the whole of it. There was noth-
ing more in it. It was not within the power
of man to tell what might be the individual
opinion of those various members upon all the
variety of subjects that might be let'erred to it.
Take the Committee on the Judiciary. Certain
questions of a legal character are submitted to
that committee for their investigation and re-
port, and you will find that committee dividing
in opinion upon those questions. Take the
Committee on Retrenchment. Various ques-
tions will be referred to that committee, a com-
mittee generally in favor of the general pur-
pose for which it is appointed, and you will
Cod the members of that committee divided in
opinion upon subjects that are committed to
them, as all other committees are divided in
opinion upon questions committed to them.
There was therefore no rule by which you
should constitute a standing committee that
should have a previously formed opinion upon
all questions that would be submitted to them,
for no man could tell what would be the sub-
jects that would in the end be referred to them.
I think, sir, when you look at this matter
carefully, you will see that when we consti-
tuted a" standing committee of this body, we
were bound to proceed to the election or selec-
tion of that standing committee precisely in
the same way and manner that we elect our
other standing committees, and this. 1 think,
made every Senator eligible for the position
of chairman or eligible for a position upon
that committee; for f do not understand that
there is one single Senator here opposed to an
investigation, and I tell Senators on the other
side that we will have a friendly contest with
them to see who shall go farthest, and be the
most thorough in this matter; and 1 tell them
it is somewhat offensive to us when they assume
to be, par excellence, the only individuals here
who are in favor of investigation. They may
assume that when they shall find we are derelict
in our duty, and only when that is found.
One word more. I have already taken more
of the time of the Senate than I proposed to
do. I voted for a standing committee because
I believed—such was my judgment—that it
would be more thorough. A single committee
of this body, charged with investigating frauds
and peculations through the whole extent of
the country, might be burdened, if a hundredth
part of the allegations made were true, with
duties of which they could perform but a very
small proportion; but in constituting this
standing committee you have left open every
other committee to which may be appropri-
ately referred questions of a kindred character.
You may therefore distribute more broadly the
subjects of the investigation if you will refer
to the various committees those subjects that
appropriately belong to them, and bring in
those committees in aid of this very one, in-
stead of creating one committee which shall
have the sole jurisdiction of all matters that
shall be suggested, or that it shall be found
necessary to investigate.
I think, therefore, that we who support this
proposition for a standing committee stand
upon higher and broader ground, and I tell
Senators on the other side now that in every
fraud or peculation, from the smallest to the
largest, he must be swift who will go further
or faster than we upon this side of the Cham-
ber will go, and when it shall be found that we
fail in our duty, then, and then only, will Sen-
ators have a right to complain.
Mr. CORBBTT. Mr. President, I am sur-
prised that the committee which has been pro-
posed should be arraigned beforetheSenate of
the United States as not being a suitable com-
mitteeforthe prosecution of this investigation,
for that is really the state of the case as it now
stands. The Senator from Massachusetts ar-
raigns the Senator from Connecticut as no'per-
haps suitable to fill the position of chairman of
the committee. I ask the Senate and the country
ifthere is a man in the Senate or in the United
States who could have been chosen better fit ted
to fill such a position than the honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut? His strict integrity,
his business capacity, his energy, hij unswerv-
ing fidelity to the duties imposed upon him.
make his appointment peculiarly appropriate.
I should like to ask also if a more faithful man
could be found for the performance of such
duties than ray friend from Indiana. [Mr.
Pi: att.] who during the past sumni' r has
labored throughout the South in the i ivesii-
gation of outrages committed there, and who
did not seek to evade the responsibili y that,
was imposed upon him during the he.-t and
the prevalence of the fevers that raged in
that country.
The Senator from Massachusetts also arraigns
this committee as a committee not suited to
the work that it is instructed to perform. 1
should like to a^k if that .Senator or any other
Senator on that side of the question more
truly represents the interests of (his country
in putting down abuses than the Senators
who have been chosen as members of this
committee?
