THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
The, Qlerk read as follows:
Library of Congress: .
For additional heating apparatus m the Library
of Congress, to be expended under the direction of
the architect of the Capitol extension, $2,000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend by adding
to the paragraph just read the following:
To enable the Librarian to procure for the Library
of Congress the English county histories, $5,000, or
so much thereof as may be necessary.
I understand there is no objectjon_ to this
amendment, on the part of the Committee on
Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
. For extending the triangulation of the Coast Sur-
vey so as to form a geodetic connection between the
Atlantio and Pacific coasts ot the United States, and
assisting in the State surveys, including compensa-
tion of civilians engaged in the work, •>!(),000.
Mr. MAYNA11D. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by striking out "thirty-
six" and inserting "fifteen," so as to make
the amount of the appropriation $15,000.
This is the amount which was appropriated
last year. The estimate for the present year
is only $30,000. I do not understand why the
committee have made an addition of $6,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee,
since those estimates were made, have received
special letters from the Coast Survey. Pro-
fessor Peirce, of the Coast Survey, came before
the committee, and made an elaborate state-
ment of what he proposed to do. He asked a
larger appropriation than we have reported,
but finally $86,000 was agreed upon as suffi-
cient to meet the immediate necessities of this
work.
Mr. MAYNAED. I find on page 207 of
the book of estimates this paragraph, of which
I would like an explanation :
" In the vicinity of St. Louis, and in Illinois, Ohio,
and Kentucky, points have been determined in the
triangulation which has been authorized for con-
necting tile survey of the Atlantic coast with that
of the Pacific."
I do not understand why there should be a
larger appropriation for next year than was
made for this year. Besides, Professor Peirce
only asks $30,000, as the gentleman from Ohio
will see by reference to page 274 of the book
of estimates.
Mr. GARFIELD of Ohio. I sent to the
desk to be read a letter on this subject, which
the committee have received ; but before it
is read, 1 will state that the work inaugurated
last year has for its object a connection of the
two lines of triangulations on the Atlantic and
the Pacific coast. A large chain of triangula-
tions has been completed on the Atlantic coast,
and a similar one, though not so large, on the
Pacific coast. The object is to utilize the
State and territorial surveys, so that all these
surveys may be a part of one general whole.
The Coast Survey last year recommended
the beginning of a work to connect these two
chains of triangulations by interior surveys, so
that the two chains might become a part of a
consistent whole. The work was commenced
last year with $15,000, and it was attended
with some very striking results. For instance,
it was found that the capital of the State of
Ohio, instead of being located in the latitude
and longitude we had supposed, was nearly
three miles out of the way; and several other
interior points were found to have been wrongly
located, thus dislocating and disarranging all
State and interior maps. The work has grown
in importance and extent, so that an appropria-
tion of $50,000 was asked by Professor Peirce;
but the committee thought that a portion of
the work could be laid over for the present
year. The letter which I have sent to the
desk is of a date subsequent to the printed
estimates. If the gentleman does not care to
have the whole letter read I will append it to
my remarks.
Mr. MAYNAED. I would like to hear it
read, although the gentleman's remarks are
very interesting. Many of us do not know the
nature and importance of this geodetic survey;
but if the appropriation of $15,000 made last
year was sufficient for the making of these
important discoveries, showing that the capital
of Ohio is not located where it has previously
been supposed to be, but in an altogether
different place, may not another appropriation
of $15,000 be sufficient to displace the capitals
of several other States? [Laughter.] Be-
sides, I would like the geiitleman to explain
why the $30,000 asked for in the original esti-
mates is not sufficient.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Secretary
of the Treasury followed the old estimates of
Professor Peirce. Last year the appropriation
was asked merely to start this work. To con-
tinue it $36,000 is, we think, as low an amount
as ought to be appropriated.
Mr. MAYNAKD. But I have here the
estimate under the superintendent's own hand.
I read from page 274 of the book of estimates:
" For extending the triangulation of the Coast Sur-
vey, so as to form a geodetic connection between the
Atlantic and. Pacific coasts of the United States, and
assisting in the State surveys, including compensa-
tion of civilians engaged in the work, per act of
March 3,1871, $30,000."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to have
the letter read. After that the Governor of
California sent to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury a letter in which he set forth the fact that
the geological survey and the location of min-
eral lands throughout California could not be
carried on with any degree of accuracy unless
this geodetic interior connection was made, by
the Coast Survey, so as to give grand baselines
on which mineralogical and State surveys
could be established. In obedience to the
request of the Governor of California the new
estimate was made.
Mr. MAYNARD. I should like to have the
letter read.
The Clerk read as follows:
United States Coast Survey Office,
Washington, April 26,1872.
Sir: I am informed to-day that there are un-
avoidable delays in tho proposed execution of the
triangulation m Calitornia, in the year 1872-73.
They arise partly from illness, and partly from the
impossibility of obtaining the requisite instruments
in season for the operations. I therefore respect-
fully request that the appropriation for this purpose
may be reduced to an amount which will be suffi-
cient to cover the expenses for the outfit of instru-
ments and preliminary reconnoissance, so that the
work may bo actually undertaken during the follow-
ing year. The estimate for this purpose, which has
been carefully made, is $6,000. I respectfully sub-
mit to your committee that the item for transcon-
tinental operations may be increased by this amount
instead of by 820,000, which was at first proposed.
With this augmentation the estimated item will be
$30,000 instead of $50,000.
Yours, very respectfully,
BENJAMIN PEIRCE,
Superintendent United States Coast Survey.
Hon. James A. Garfield, Chairman of Committee
on Appi'opriution, House of Representatives.
Mr. MAYNARD. That is all very well,
but the reductions are not made as suggested
in the amendments.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Another letter,
after the estimates and before the letter read,
asked for an increase of the appropriation to
$50,000. This letter asked that that estimate
might be cut down to $36,000.
Mr.Maysard's amendment was disagreed to
Mr. MAYNARD. Now, Mr. Chairman, I
move to reduce it to $30,000, and I wish to
call attention to the effect of the letter which
has been read. Mr. Peirce states on April
26, 1872, that he is informed to-day there are
unavoidable delays in the proposed execution
of the triangulation in the year 1872-73 ; they
arise partly from illness and "partly from not
obtaining the requisite instruments in season
for the operation. He therefore respectfully
requests that the appropriation for this pur-
pose may be reduced to an amount which will
be sufficient to cover the expenses for the
outfit of instruments and preliminary recon-
noissances, so that the work may be actually
undertaken daring the coming year. Now,
the point I make is that this recommendation
is nowhere incorporated int this bill. It is
manifestly doing the Superintendent of the
Coast Survey injustice to appropriate more in
this bill than he asks.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is precisely
what the letter asks. The former letter asked
for $50,000, composed of two "items, one for
$30,000 and the other for $20,000, and he
asks that the latter item shall be reduced
to $6,000, which makes $36,000, and that is
the amount we appropriated.
Mr. MAYNAED. Let me call the gentle-
man's attention to page 272 of the estimates
of appropriations. There the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey makes an estimate for
making the requisite observations for latitude,
longitude, &c., on the coast of California, as
well as for the coast of Oregon and Washing-
ton Territory and the coast of Alaska. He
now asks that his former estimate shall be
reduced, because from unavoidable delays in
the execution of the triangulation in California
he would not be able to go on with the work
during the next fiscal year, and only asks a
sufficient sum for the expenses for the outfit of
instruments and preliminary reeonnoisance.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Bock Island armory and arsenal, Rock Island,
Illinois: for new forging-shop of same dimensions
and architecture as shops already built, except that
it will be only ono story high, $155,000; for new
finishing-shop for armory, $200,000; for new fire-
proof barracks for enlisted men, including mess-
building, bakery, and laundry-building, $95,000; for
new powder-magazine, $15,000; for completing de-
velopment of the water-power, $110,000; for the con-
struction of avenues and roads to the Rock Island
wagon-bridge, and to the new bridge across the Mis-
sissippi river to the city of Davenport, and for build-
ing a railroad to connect the present arsenal rail-
road with the Chicago and Rock Island railroad,
when changed to its new location at the lower end
of the island, and for building two entrances to the
island from the two bridges, and an iron fence con-
necting the two entrances, and between the railroad
and the public wagon -road on one side and the arsenal
on the other side, $28,000; for new machinery for
the new shops already completed, $20,0U0; for laying
water-pipe, $3,000; for putting six water-wheels
sixty-five horse-power each) in the new- dam, with
shafting and machinery, for transmission of power
to the shops already in use, $26,000; in all, $652,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike that out.
There is no exigency at present demanding
we should keep these arsenals up to the same
extent as during the war. I find that the
appropriations for arsenals in this bill amount
to nearly a million dollars. 1 trust the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] who has
charge of this bill, will take occasion to explain
this extraordinary feature of it. I am not
complaining so much about the appropria-
tions for those arsenals, though they seem to
be enormously great. For this one arsenal
the appropriations are $652,000, and that, too,
after we have been spending millions of dol-
lars upon it, from year to year, for the last
four or five years. And here in addition is
$100,000, when we supposed we had spent
the last dollar necessary for that purpose, for
the completion of the wagon-road bridge con-
necting Moline with Rock Island.
I apprehend, Mr. Chairman, that it will be
found that many of the improvements in con-
nection with Rock Island arsenal are not so
much for the benefit of the arsenal, or neces-
sary for the public works as they are matters
of local convenience to persons holding prop-
erty in that vicinity. E'or it seems to me im-
possible that after all the vast sums of money
already expended at that point $720,000
more should be required. I take it for granted
these estimates will be sustained by the com-
mittee ; but they are so enormously out of all
proportion that I felt I was not discharging
my duty if I failed to call the attention of the
committee to them.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If I can have
the attention of the Committee of the Whole
for a moment, I think I can satisfy them as to
the necessity of this appropriation.
There are twenty-three arsenals and armories
