1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
Among other things in the resolution offered
by the Senator from Illinois the committee
were instructed to inquire—
Generally how and to what extent the expenses
of the service of the country may and ought to be
curtailed,
In the face of this resolution, we had the
Senator from Massachusetts urging a bill here
the other day to give ten hours' pay to persons
who had only worked eight hours. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is in favor of taxing
the men of this country who work ten, twelve,
and fourteen hours daily to pay people in Mas-
sachusetts working for the Government full
pay for eight hours' labor. He is in favor of
taxing the farmers of the western prairies and
the mechanics throughout the country, who
work for their daily bread and to supply their
families, to supply the necessaries to carry on
political warfare.
What does the next portion of this resolu-
tion provide? It piovides that this committee
shallalso consider the expediency of so amend
ing the laws under which appointments to the
public service are now made as to provide "for
withdrawing the public service from being
used as an instrument of political or party
patronage."
What is that eight-hour law but "an instru-
ment for political and party patronage?" Is
it not for the purpose of giving places to per-
sons who seek employment in the Government
and allowing them to work eight hours, pay-
ing them for ten hours' labor? It seems to me
that the Senator from Massachusetts ought to
have sustained the amendment offered by the
Senator from Illinois to that bill to repeal the
eight hour law. It is true he afterward with-
drew his amendment, but the Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Ferry] renewed it. It may
be necessary to refer that bill to the Commit-
tee on Retrenchment. Would the Senator
from Massachusetts be more suitable for the
investigation of that question than the Senator
from Connecticut, [Mr. Bdchingham,] who, I
believe, favors the repeal of the eight-hour
law ?
Sir, it seems to me that this opportunity has
been tfiken advantage of to make an assault
upon those Senators who voted for creating a
standing committee, an assault entirely unjust
and unworthy of the gentlemen who make it.
If we desire to reform abuses we will support
any measures that may be presented at any
time for reducing the operations or the ex-
penses of this Government in whatever Depart-
ment it may be, or wherever that labor may be
situated, whether in Massachusetts or in any
other State.
It seems to me that it isnecessary forusnow
to commence a revolution in this respect. I
desire to go as far as any other gentleman in
prosecuting these investigations; but I have
been of the belief that a standing committee
of the Senate would be more efficient and
less unwieldy than a joint committee. For
that reason I favored a standing committee. I
am in favor of giving them all the necessary-
powers to prosecute, during this session of
Congress, these investigations in'every way,
to give them power to send for persons and
papers, if that is deemed necessary, but I do
not believe that that power should be perma-
nently lodged with such acominiltee. Itmight
be abused. My impression has been that it
would be better to instruct the committee by
resolution to investigate into charges that,
may be preferred, and direct them to proceed
at once with the investigation of such charges.
The resolution of the Senator from Illinois
covers a large extent of ground. It does not
direct the committee to commence at any par-
ticular point. Under it the committee could
pass by the abuses which exist now, and which
we desire to have investigated immediately,
that we may see what checks and guards can
be thrown around the Departments to prevent
peculation and fraud. I think it is necessary
that this committee should be instructed to
investigate the defalcation in the Treasury
Department, to see what checks and guards
can be provided against robbery of that Depart-
ment; and I think they should be directed to
examine, as proposed by the Senator from New
York, the Hodge defalcation. That investiga-
tion should be proceeded with at once. I do
not suppose that it is contemplated that this
committee should go to distant portions of the
country to search out some abuses there and
leave these unchallenged and unexamined.
Therefore I have thought it better that we
should by resolution direct the examination
by the committee of certain specific abuses
that we know of, rather than to have them
searching out those that we know not of.
For these reasons I have been inclined to
vote for a standing committee, believing that
it would be better and more efficient than a
joint committee. I shall therefore vote for
the appointment of this committee as it now
stands. If it is deemed necessary to give
another Democrat an opportunity upon the
committee to examine into any abuses that
they may desire to examine into, I certainly
shall have no objection to that. I court investi-
gation, and I presume the Administration court
investigation. We know that they desire to
prevent corruption. If Senators on the other
side will name any specific abuses, we will
appoint as many committees as they desire to
investigate them ; but where general charges
are made without specific abuses being pointed
out, it is difficult for a committee to roam over
this entire extent of country and search them
out. I hope, therefore, that this committee
will be appointed, and that we shall proceed
with this examination.
Mr. LOGAN" obtained the floor.
Mr. PATTERSON. Will the gentleman
allow me one moment?
Mr. LOGAN. Certainly.
Mr. PATTERSON. I have been trying
ever since the Senator from New Jersey spoke
to get an opportunity to reply to him, but I
have not been able to get the ear of the Chair.
I do not rise to complain of the organiza-
tion of this committee. I am perfectly satis
fied with the committee as it stands. They
are good men, able men, thorough men, and
if they have sufficient power given them I
have not a doubt they will do their work well.
I am perfectly willing that they should go over
all the work that the old Committee on Re-
trenchment have gone over, if that, is thought
best. 1 am sure if they are honest men, as I
know they are, and have sufficient power given
them, that they will come to precisely the same
conclusion which the old committee came to
on all these matters, and I have no fears or
anxieties on that point.
The Senator from Massachusetts alluded to
me as not having been put upon the com
mittee. I did not want togo on thecommittee-
I am perfectly satisfied not to be on the com.
mittee. I have had enough of that kind of
woik, and I am very glad that other gentlemen
have been put upon the committee to do that
work in the future. So much for that.
The old committee were organized, as has
been said, under the andministrat.ion of Andrew
Johnson; but they were reorganized under the
administration of President Grant, and there
were no fears entertained at the reorganiza-
tion of the committee that the present Admin-
istration wouid suffer, and 1 do not think
that the present Administration ever has suf-
fered by the investigations of the committee.
I believe that this Administration is willing
and anxious to have all rogues rooted out of
public places, and I think that the friends of
the Administration would have done better
for the Administration if they had stopped
discussion at the beginning and accepted the
resolutions when they were offered here, and
allowed the committee to be organized with
the largest possible powers, as a mere matter
of policy, to say nothing more.
Gentlemen say that this committee must
have no more power than other standing com-
mittees of the Senate. Why, sir, the ob-
jects of the committee are entirely different
from those of the Judiciary Committee or the
Finance Committee. They have not needed
the power to send for persons and papers, or
to administer oaths ; but this committee must
be divided up into sub-committees, and each
member of tho sub-committees mnst have
the power to administer oaths to the witnesses
who shall be brought before the sub-commit-
tees. Besides, this committee will have to in-
vestigate fiauds, not in Washington simply,
but in all parts of the country where there are
custom-houses or other offices of the Govern-
ment, and it will be cheaper for the Govern-
ment to have them go where tho frauds are
perpetrated, or where the frauds are alleged
to be perpetrated, than to sit down and bring
the whole country to you from California, and
Florida, and elsewhere. It is cheaper, it is
better every way, that the committee should
go where the frauds are and investigate the
frauds there, and nowhere else.
Why, sir, these frauds have sprung up, not
because this or that Administration happened
to be in power, but because the war brought on
large disbursements of money, and to some
extent an irresponsibility in the disbursement
of money. It is for this reason that these frauds
have sprung up which characterize our time.
They wou'd have characterized our time under
any Administration and all Administrations.
It is simply an incident of the times, and I say
it is tho duty of this Administration, and i<s
privilege, to see that these evils which are in-
cident to the time are rooted up, and that, our
administration should not suffer by allowing
thetn to remain covered. Therefore I say
giv-e the largest liberty of investigation.
Now, sir, one word in relation to what the
Senator from New Jersey said in respect to
the action of the old committee, that a taint
had been thrown around the character of some
parties by the testimony which had been given.
In that matter the committee did precisely
as every other committee does. Here were
alleged frauds in New York, and it was stated
to the committee that certain parties had been
engaged in those frauds. What could the
committee do but receive testimony from the
parties who professed to know the facts in the
case? And then we brought the parties before
the committee against whom these allegations
had been made, and they were allowed to
testify. That is what is always done by every
committee that ever investigated frauds on the
part of the Government.
But, sir, I should like to say to that Senator
that the facts are that most of the frauds were
| testified to bythe partieswho committed them
under oath. Inspectors came before thecoui-
j mittee and alleged that in violation of the laws
of the land, in violation of their own oaths,
they were in the constant habit of taking bribes
for the discharge of goods from vessels; and
the agents of the steamship companies who
imported these goods testified to the commit-
tee that they could not get a vessel discharged
unless they paid this fraud money to these
inspectors to get their goods discharged. We
had evidence also that the men who were dis-
charging the vessels were in the habit of taking
money to let goods go free of duty into the
port of New York. These are tho facts, and
if a suspicion has been thrown about those
inspectors they may blame themselves for it,
for they testified under oath that they were
doing these things. So much for the action
of the committee.
It is not a proof that anybody is unfriendly
to the Administration because he wants these
evils ferreted out—not at all, sir. It is be-
cause I am a friend of this Administration that
I want the most thorough and searching investi-
gation. That is one reason why I want it. An-
other one is, that I desire that this Government
should be free of all such corruption.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President 
