1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1961
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
of any such orders as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] speaks of, because
such an order must be executed.
Mr, .RANDALL. There are the Mint bill
and others in that position.
The SPEAKER. It was a different order
that was made in reference to the Mint bill.
A special order after the morning hour, and
a special order that is not such to the exclu-
sion of all other orders, may be shoved ahead
indefinitely by other business. This is a dif-
ferent case. If the House shall make this a
special order to the exclusion of all other
orders, it must be considered, and when the
time comes the Chair will not.recognize any
other motion in conflict therewith.
Mr. NEGLEY. Except reports from the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HAWLEY. Will this order interfere
with the business of the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. The proposition is that
the bill shall bo a special order after the
morning hour. It will not interfere with the
morning hour, provided gentlemen interested
in having a morning hour insist on the regu-
lar order. Otherwise, if half past one is
reached without a morning hour, there will
be no morning hour that day.
Mr. SHANKS. Is it understood that the
bill will be open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that it will.
Mr. RANDALL. I would object to any
preference being given to this bill over any
other which has already been assigned as a
special order.
Mr. DAWES. The House has committed
to the Committee of Ways and Means the
Chicago relief bill, with the stipulation that it
shall not be brought back till after to-morrow.
It will therefore be impossible for the com-
mittee to report that bill before Wednesday.
It is possible that they may not get the bill
disposed of in one day, and it is for that rea-
son that I wish reports from the Committee
of Ways and Means not to be interfered with
by this arrangement.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Neg
lex] will consent to have the consideration
of his bill deferred for three or four weeks.
Mr. KERR. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Can the proposed arrange-
ment be made excepting reports from the
Committee of Ways and Means and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations?
The SPEAKER. It can.
Mr. NEGLEY. I agree to an exception
being made in favor of reports from those
committees.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
the proposition of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Negley] as now modified: that
the bill shall' bo considered as the special
order to the exclusion of all other orders on
Thursday next, at half past one o'clock, and
from day to day at that hour until completed;
reports from the Committee of Ways and
Means and the Committee 011 Appropriations
being excepted. The Chair gives notice to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Negley]
that under that arrangement ho need not
expect to reach his bill this week.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I object
to the arrangement.
Mr. CONGER. How will this arrangement
affect the order made with reference to the
shipping commissioner's bill?
The SPEAKER. The shipping commis-
sioner's bill is made a special order for two
weeks from Tuesday last, to the exclusion of
all other orders. When that time comes, noth-
ing can interfere with it.
Mr. CONGER. Will it take precedence of
this bill?
The SPEAKER. 11 will, when it is reached
under the order made in regard to it. Objec-
tion to the arrangement proposed by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Negley] is
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hooper.]
Mr. NEGLEY. I move, then, that the rules
be suspended, and that the bill be made a
special order on Thursday at half past one,
and from day to day at the same hour until
disposed of, to the exclusion of all other
orders, except reports from the Committee
of Ways and Means and the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Hoopek
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Negley, were
appointed.
Mr. BURCHARD. Before the House divides
I desire to make a parliamentary inquiry. Is
it understood that the exception made in favor
of reports from the Committee of Ways and
Means covers both the making of reports and
the considering of reports from that committee?
The SPEAKER. There is no report from
that committee now pending, but of course
this motion will give precedence to any report
made by the Committee of Ways and Means
after this day.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes one hundred and nine ; noes not
counted.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) Mr.
Negley's motion was agreed to.
Mr. NEGLEY. I now move that the bill
as reported, with the amendments which may
be presented, be printed.
The motion was agreed to, the bill being
received as an original bill (H. R. No. 2116.)
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Strike out section sixty-six of the bill, and in-
sert in liou thereof the following:
That all revenue arising under the provisions
of this act, and of tho act to which this is amend-
atory, shall be paid into tho Treasury, and all
disbursements of money for carrying into effect the
provisions of this act, and the act to which this is
amendatory shall be made only upon specific appro-
priations, for which the Secretary of the Treasury
shall submit annual estimates.
I will simply remark that I aru instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to offer
that amendment in lieu of section sixty-six.
Mr. MERRIAM. I have a petition here
which includes an amendment, and I ask that
it be read.
Mr. STEVENSON, Do not let it be read,
but printed.
The SPEAKER. It can be printed in con-
nection with the bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. 1 as,k
that the amendment be read.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Add to section fifty-one the following proviso:
Provided, however, That nothing in this act shall
be construed to annul or affect any regulation es-
tablished by the laws of any State requiring vessels
entering or leaving a port of any such State other
than coastwise steam vessels to take a pilot duly
licensed or authorized by the laws of such State ox-
other States situate upon the waters of such State.
The SPEAKER. This amendment will be
printed.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 move that the House
do now adjourn.
children o!? james k. Jfc'allox.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 21]5)
granting arrearages of pension to the infant
children of James E. Fallon, deceased, late
of the one hundred and seventh regiment
New York volunteers; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
removal op political disabilities.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] to
withhold his motion for a moment so as to
enable me to have an amnesty bill put upon
its passage ; it is a bill to remove the political
disabilities of certain citizens of Georgia therein
named.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
Mr. BIRD. I demand the regular order of
business.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I move to sus-
pend the rules and put the bill upon its pas-
Mr. DICKEY. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Speer] asks unanimous consent that
a bill granting amnesty to certain citizens of
his State shall be passed. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey] objects. The
gentleman from Georgia desires to move a
suspension of the rules. That cannot be done
pending the motion of the gentleman from-
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] that the House
do now adjourn. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania must withdraw his motion or it will
be tho duty of the Chair to submit it to the
House under the call for the regular order, as
it is the first thing in order.
Mr. RANDALL. I would withdraw my
motion if I had any idea that the Chair would
recognize me again to renew it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot make
any arrangements of that kind about recog-
nizing any gentleman.
Mr. BIRD. I insist upon the regular order.
The question was taken on Mr. Randall's
motion, and it was agreed to; and the House
(at three o'clock and forty-four minutes p.
m.) adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARTHUR: The petition of Adam
Glose, Charles Brassman, M. Widdendorf, H.
Puthoff, Anton Willenbrink and 68 others,
persons, citizens, and manufacturers of cigars
in the cities of Covington and Newport in the
State of Kentucky, for the repeal of so much
of the act imposing taxes on distilled spirits
and tobacco, and for other purposes, approved
July 20, 1868, as requires cigar-makers to pay
a special tax and execute bond, &c.
By Mr. BEVERIDGE: The petition of J.
M. Miller and others, asking equalization of
bounties.
Also, the petition of Edward P. Hanson
and others, asking an equalization of bounties.
Also, the memorial of J. W. Parish & Co.
in reference to the barge Ward.
By Mr. BRAXTON: The petition of D. F,
Slaughter, asking to have his political disabil-
ities removed.
By Mr. COBURN : Petitions of soldiers of
Erie, Pennsylvania; also, of Norwich, Winsted,
East Killingly, West Killingly, and West Win-
sted, Connecticut, and Watertown, Massachu-
setts, praying that the homestead laws be so
modified that the time which the soldiers or
sailors served in the Army or Navy of the
United States during the war of the rebellion
after two years' actual residence upon his
homestead may be deducted from the term
of five years' residence, which the act now
requires before he can acquire title thereto.
By Mr. COTTON : The petition of Henry
Nolte and others, soldiers, asking bounty at
the rate of $8 33^ per month for entire time
of service.
By Mr. DONNAN: The petition of Joseph
McLean and others, late soldiers, now citizens
of Iowa, asking the passage of an act equal-
izing bounties to soldiers who served in the
Army of the United States during the late
war.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of Captain
T. W. Hoffman, of the State of Pennsylvania,
and 86 others, soldiers in the late war, asking
that all honorably discharged soldiers and
heirs of those that are deceased be allowed
$8 83J per month for the time served, de-
ducting Government bounty heretofore paid ;
also, asking for an amendment of the twenty-
fifth section of the act approved July 15,1870.
