1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mM
in the United States scattered over the coun-
try at widely separated points. In each of
these very considerable amounts of public
property are stored. In some of them the
work of manufacture is going forward. In
making appropriations for the maintenance
of these arsenals the Committee 011 Appropri-
ations adopted this plan, which they believe to
be in accordance with the views of the Gov-
ernment : that there should be but three great
arsenals, instead of twenty-three little ones
scattered everywhere. And the Government
has manifestly selected three points for these
arsenals: one for the eastern portion of the
country at Springfield, Massachusetts; one for
the great Mississippi valley at Bock Island;
and the third for the Pacific coast at Benicia,
California.
It is the policy of the Government, and the
Committee-on Appropriations have approved
that policy, that as soon as we can we should
abandon all other arsenals, at least as places
of manufacture and repair of arms, as rapidly
as.possible, and concentrate in each of these
three great central arsenals the work of the
manufacture and the repair of arms. We
will need probably a few more places for stor-
ing arms and a few more workshops for their
repair; but for the'work of manufacture only
these three are needed. In making appropri-
ations, therefore, the committee have reduced
all the estimates to the lowest figure consistent
with keeping up the public property at the
whole of the twenty-three arsenals, except the
three to which I have referred. There we
have liberally but carefully provided for con-
tinuing the work of building up these arsenals
and making them fit for the business of the
country. The one at Rock Island is the cen-
tral one that is to supply the great Mississippi
valley. It has been laid out on a grand scale,
and when completed will no doubt be much
the largest and much the best arsenal in the
world. It is so far in the interior that it will
be a safe depot iu the event of any foreign
war for all our great stores of military supplies.
We thought, therefore, the wisdom of Con-
gress would be best shown in standing by
the building up and perfecting of these three
arsenals, and reducing to as low a point as
possible the appropriations for all the rest.
Last year the estimates for the arsenals were
$1,038,000; this year they are $947,000. The
Committee on Appropriations have very con-
siderably reduced the estimate of the Depart-
ment. I hope the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] does not propose to press his
amendment to strike out the paragraph.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe, Mr. Chairman,
that the public service would be actually pro-
moted by abandoning this attempt to build up
an arsenal at Rock Island, if these expenses
are to come upon us from year to year.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Holman, to strike out the paragraph, it
was disagreed to.
Mr. CLAGETT. I ask unanimous consent
to go back to page 26 for the purpose of
offering an amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion. The gentleman's amendment makes a
proper correction.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read
the paragraph which the gentleman from
Montana [Mr. clagktt] proposes to amend.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That all the foregoing appropriations
for surveys of public lands that are within the lim-
its of the railroad land grants shall be conditional
upon the compliance of said companies or parties
in interest with the requirements of the twenty-first
section of the act of July 2, 1864, entitled "An act
to amend an act to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the Missouri river to
the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes," approved J uly 1, 1862, Statutes, volume
13, page 305.
Mr. CLAGETT.
amendment:
I offer the following
In line six hundred and eleven strike out the
words "conditional upbn the compliance of said
companies or parties in interest with." and insert
the words " subject to."
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to that amend-
ment without an explanation.
Mr. CLAGETT. I will explain it iu a mo-
ment. The law referred to in this paragraph
provides that whenever the United States
shall survey the lands that fall within the
limits of a railroad grant the railroad company
shall reimburse the United States the money
so expended. And the way the clause reads
now the expenditure of the money in the first
place is made conditional on compliance with
a thing that can only happen after the sur-
vey is made.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is the payment for
the surveys?
Mr. CLAGETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why, certainly that is
right.
Mr. CLAGETT. The survey is condi-
tional, and under this provision they cannot
expend the money until the survey is made.
Mr. HOLMAN. The company, I suppose,
have to advance the money.
Mr. CLAGETT. No, sir, the Govern-
ment advances the money in the first instance
and the company reimburse it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I find on ex
anjination that this language was used last
year.
Mr. CLAGETT. That simply referred to one
railroad company, and I say, as it stands now,
in my Territory not one dollar can be expended
on surveys.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think it is safest not to
go back.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment has
been admitted and discussed, and the question
is on its adoption.
Mr. HOLMAN. Unanimous consent was
not given to going back in the bill until we
understood what the amendment was.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment was
admitted.
The question was taken on the amendment,
and it was rejected.
message from the president.
Here the committee rose informally; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the President, by Mr. Horace Porter,
his Private Secretary, informed the House that
the President had approved and signed a bill
(H. It. No. 2189) to confirm the action of the
board of aldermen and common council of the
city of Washington, designating a depot site
for the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Com-
pany, and for other purposes.
Mr. Porter also communicated to the
House a message, in writing, from the Presi-
dent.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed its session.
The Clerk road as follows :
For completion of the wagon-road bridge con-
necting Molinc with Rock Island, $100,000.
Mr. CONGER. I move to strike out that
clause for the purpose of making some in-
quiries. The United States has expended
$1,000,000 in completing a railroad bridge,
with a wagon track, across this river to the
island. I would like to inquire why it is ne-
cessary now, when the House this morning
ordered that $350,000 shall be paid to the
Rock Island Railroad Company, we should
expend $100,000 more for another wagon
bridge ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The island is
three and a half miles long. The present
wagon and railroad bridge is at the extreme
southern end of the island. Opposite the
northern end of the island, three and a half
miles away from the bridge we now have, lies
the city of Moline, with a population of about
seven thousand, where large manufacturing
operations are going on, and which has con-
stant communication with the business and
work going on on the island. A large share
of the workmen employed on the island live
at Moline, and much of the cartage and trans-
portation is done there. In order to getround
to the Government works they have to make
a circuit of seven miles so as to reach the
northern end of the island.
The piers of this bridge have already been
constructed by the United States under pre-
vious appropriations. It remains to lay the
superstructure on the piers already there. The
Secretary of War recommends this appropria- "
tion,and Major General Schofieldand General
Rawlins, former Secretaries of War, recom-
mend it. The chief of the Ordnance Bureau
of the War Department recommends it. I
append as a part of my remarks these letters :
War Department, February 13,1872.
The Secretary of War has the honor to send to the
House of Representatives a communication from the
chief of ordnance, recommending an appropriation
of $100,000 for the completion of the wagon-road
bridge connecting Moline with Rock Island, Illinois.
WM. W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
Obdnance Office, Wak Department,
Washington, February 12,1872.
Sir: On the 14th April, 1869. authority was given
byQeneral Scholield, Secretary of War, for the con-
struction of a wagon-road bridge connecting the
town of Moline, Illinois, with the upper end of the
island of Hock Island. On the 9th December,
upon the recommendation of General Rodmnn,
commanding the arsenal, the piers and abutments
of the bridge were, under your authority, ordered
to be built. No appropriation for building the
superstructure of the bridge has been asked for,
and the work is in the i>ame condition it was left
upon the completion of the piers. Funds have not
been heretofore requested to prosecute the work to
final completion, because other objects at Book
Island arsenal, of moro immediate importance, de-
manded earlier attention, and I felt that this project
might be deferred for a time without serious incon-
venience to the Department. It was for this reason
that the Department refused the application of the
commanding officer of the arsenal to permit the
bridge, to be built from appropriations that were
under its control.
I am entirely of the opinion that the bridge will
be a great public convenience, and inure to the ben-
efit of the public service, and do recommend that
$100,000 be appropriated for its completion, this
being the sum estimated.
It may be well to state that the town of Moline
has pledged itself not to ask to foe allowed to use
the road between the bridge and the lower part of
the island as a public highway.
Very respectfully. your obedient servant,
A* • B, H Y lElt,
Chief of Ordnance, Umted Stated Army.
Mr. CONGER. My objection is that the
House voted $350,000 this morning to the
Rock Island Railroad Company, and now we
are asked for $100,000 more to complete a new
bridge. I withdraw my motion.
The Clerk read the following:
Allegheny arsenal, Pittsburg. Pennsylvania: For
grading, paving, and curbing Pennsylvania avenue,
from the center of Thirty-ninth street to center of
Fortieth street, six hundred and seventy-seven feet
and eight inches, running measure, at ten dollars
per foot, (approximate,)$(i,776 66; for grading, pav-
ing, and curbing Thirty-ninth street, from Butler
street to Pennsylvania avenue, one thousand three
hundred and fitty-two feet and nine inches, at $4 15
p01-.foot, S3,613 91; in all, $12,390 57.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out this
paragraph. I wish to call the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations to this item of expenditure. 1 under-
stood him to designate three arsenals which
the Government should keep up, one at Spring-
field, Massachusetts, one at Rock Island, Illi-
nois, and one at Benicia, California. I am
willing to cooperate with the gentleman in
favor of that proposition. But there are also
arsenals which are entirely unnecessary, and
which are a source of constant expense year
after year; they ought to be abandoned at
once.
Now, here is an appropriation of $1*2,390 57
for an arsenal which the gentleman from Ohio
knows it is unnecessary to keep up, for pav-
ing streets, and for the improvement of the
town of Alleghany, Pennsylvania. I trust the
gentleman who has charge of this bill will see
that his own idea of public economy is carried
out, and that instead of having arsenals all
