Tai XJ0MGESSSI0KJiL GLOBS.
February 16,
the requisite number, four hundred for each gun, to
be mu.de, and the cartridge-works have had orders
(given yesterday) to increase production to the full
capacity of the work's. This question of making the
cartridges at the Government works was a dimcult
one tts get over ; but it is done."
- In reply to that allegation, I have to say that-on
the 13th of December, 1870, cartridges necessary to
supply about two hundred rounds per gun to the
model 1866 breech-loaders sold Thomas Richardson
were ordered to be manufactured at the irankfora
Arsenal, and this number of cartridges- was neces-
sary to effect the sale of the arms. The Messrs.
Remington & Sons did not buy any arms or ammuni-
tion from this Department after about the middle of
October, 1879, nor would any bid from them for such
articles have been entertained by the United States
subsequent to that date. . .
To the second prominent allegation which is con-
tained in thepaper purporting to be a copy of a tele-
gram from Squire to Remington, and which is here-
with returned, I have the honor to reply that this
Department nas no knowledge of any influence
exerted in favor of, or for the success of, any trans-
action between the United States and Mr. Squire,
for himself or Messrs. Remington & Sons.
" Very respectfully, your obedient-servant,
\YM. Vf. BELKNAP, Secretary of War.
To the Honorable the Secretary of State.
And whereas it appears from these several com-
munications not only that arms were sold, but that
ammunition was manufactured in the workshops
of the United States Government, and sold to one
Thomas Richardson, the known attorney of Messrs,
Remington & Sons, when the bids of the latter had
been thrown out for the reason that they were the
agents of the French Government;
And whereas it appears from the official report of
the Secretary of War that, in the year 1870-71. the
sale of ordnance stores reached the sum of $10,000,000,
from which, according to tho report, only a small
sum was retained to meet the expenses of preparing
other stores for sale, while the official report of the
Secretary of the Treasury for the same year acknowl-
edges the receipt of only $8,286,1-31 70, showing a
difference of over 81,700.000;
And whereas a comparison of th e accounts rendered
by the French Government for moneys expended by
its agents in the purchase of arms from the United
States, and the accounts rendered by the Govern-
ment of the United States for moneys received in
the same transaction, shows a large difference, which
seems to have given rise to the suspicion abroad that
United States officials have taken an Hndue part
therein;
And whereas the good name of the American Gov-
ernment seems to be seriously compromised by these
incidents, and a j ust regard to national honor, as
well as to the interest of the Treasury, requires that
they should not be allowed to pass without the most
thorough inquiry: Therefore.
Ilesolvcd, That a select committee of seven be
appointed to investigate all sales of ordnance stores
made by the Government of the United States dur-
ing the war between France and Germany; to ascer-
tain the persons to whom such sales were made, the
circumstances under which they were made, and the
real parties in interest, and the sums respectively
paid and received by the real parties; and that
the committee have power to send for persons and
papers; and that the investigation bo conducted
in public. <.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, without
intimating myself anything with regard to the
motives which have inspired the proceeding
now before the Senate and the resolution
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts, I
must say that that Senator will have great
difficulty in convincing the country that it is
not a political move; that it is not a move
upon the political chess-board, intended to
affect, perhaps, the action of the next presi-
dential convention, or to affect the result of
the next presidential election, and that this
effect is to be brought about by alienating the
German vote from the Republican party by
exciting the German-Americans agaiust that
party, or at least against this Administration.
Such is the impression that has certainly been
made by this resolution and by the discussion
that has taken place upon it.
The resolution must be regarded as extra-
ordinary in its character. It is the most re-
markable resolution of inquiry that has ever
fallen under my observation. It proposes to
institute an investigation in regard to certain
facts, but begins with a preamble which
assumes the existence of those facts, and we
cannot vote for the preamble without voting
that these allegations are facts. If the pre-
amble had begun by saying, "Whereas it is
alleged," or " Whereas it is charged that cer-
tain things have taken place," or "that cer-
tain facts exist," and then ending by propos-
ing to investigate the subject as to whether
those things were so or not, it would have
been more proper and more reasonable; but
the preamble is not hypothetical at all. It
assumes the existence of these facts as charged,
and we cannot vote for it without confessing
in advance the very thing which it is proposed
to investigate by this committee. For exam-
ple, it begins in this way, as does overy other
clause of the preamble: " Whereas it appears
from a recent cable telegram," &e. "Whereas
one Squire, agent of Messrs. Remington &
Sons," &c. "Whereas in a letter dated at
New York," &c. Every fact being stated
positively. The preamble is placed in that
form that we cannot vote for it without con-
fessing in advance the very thing which it is
proposed to investigate. - _
The Senator from Massachusetts in offering
this preamble knew that we could not vote for
it; he knew that it must be voted down ; and
what is -to be the effect of voting down the
preamble ? Is it to give rise to another im-
mense calumny to be sent all over the country
that the majority of the Senate are opposed to
investigation; that they are afraid to look into
the affairs of this Administration, because a
resolution is presented here with a preamble
which requires every Senator to vote against
it who is not willing to prejudge the case,
whether he is friendly to the Administration
or not ? Why, sir, it is just as absurd as to ask
a jury to bring in a verdict and to hear the
evidence afterward. We have heard of drum-
head courts-martial that first ordered the pris-
oner to be shot, and afterward proposed to
investigate the case; and this resolution begins
with a preamble assuming the truth of every-
thing charged, and ending by a proposition to
investigate. As an illustration, the preamble
assumes that there is a discrepancy between
the accounts of the Treasury Department and
of the War Department to the amount of over
one million seven hundred thousand dollars.
If we vote for this preamble, we admit that fact
in advance. We would thus vote to make a
lie the truth. It is not true.
Mr. SUMNER. May I interrupt my friend
just there?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I think if he will read the
resolution carefully he will see that it assumes
no such thing. It says simply, " Whereas it
appears from the official report of the Secre-
tary of War."
Mr. MORTON. That is the very point. It
assumes that it appears from the reports of
the two Departments that this discrepancy
exists. I deny that it appears from the reports
of the two Departments. I aver that the
reports from the two Departments show that
there is no discrepancy, and that it has been
fully explained. This discrepancy when it
was first brought here was thought to be rather
a valuable discrepancy, a very sensational dis-
crepancy; but there is a great discrepancy
between the expectation and the result. Why,
sir, tho Senator from Missouri yesterday
admitted it all away, every bit of it. Allow
me to read what he said on that subject; and
yet we could not vote for this preamble with-
out voting that the Senator from Missouri was
wrong in his admission. Here is what the
Senator says:
"I for my part have never thought of asserting
that the apparent discrepancy would not be suscep-
tible of explanation, for I cannot imagine that such
stupidity would prevail in any of the departments
of the Government that if anything wrong was there
they would make it appear so glaringly upon the
books. I am only endeavoring to show that the
Senator from Massachusetts had some reasons for
mentioning this matter, although it can be satis-
factorily explained. I will merely add that in one
respect, by the explanations which have been given,
my mind has not been entirely satisfied as to the
clearness of the official statements."
Then the Senator goes on to say that the
Secretary of the Treasury had explained the
discrepancy to him for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1871, I think, but had not explained
that existing the year before, but believed he
could do it.-
Mr. SCHURZ. Let me make a statement
here, if the Senator from Indiana will permit
me.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
- Mr. SCHURZ. I think I did not express
myself there as clearly as I ought to have done.
I said that the Secretary of the Treasury had
explained to me yesterday. morning, during
the.morning hour, the discrepancy apparently
existing in the report for the fiscal year 1870-71,
but that I called his attention to the apparent
discrepancy reported existing in the previous
year; and I added also that it had not been
satisfactorily explained.
Mr. MORTON. But the Senator expressed
his belief that it would be.
Mr. SCHURZ. I was going to say this:
the Secretary did not attempt to explain it,
probably because his attention had not been
called to it before.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me ask the Senator
from Missouri a question right there. In your
examination of the Secretary of the Treasury
did you call his attention to the accounts as
reported ?
Mr. SCHURZ. I would not call it an exam-
ination of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Did you show him the
reports on which you based the charge 1
Mr. SCHURZ. No, sir; we had only a
very short interview, and I just mentioned to
him the figures of the year before.
Mr. MORTON. Now, I submit that on the
face of the accounts as Shown here there is no
discrepancy for either year.
Mr. SCHURZ. It seems that I have not
yet been able to express myself quite clearly.
By what I did say I did not mean to iutimate
in any way that the Secretary of the Treasury
expressed any suspicion of his own inability
to explain the matter, but, on the contrary, he
said he had no doubt that it could be explained,
although his attention had not been called to
it before.
Mr. MORTON. As I said before, I take it
the discrepancy is fully and completely ex-
plained by the accounts as presented, and with
the admission of the Senator from Missouri I
put the discrepancy entirely out of this case.
I am authorized to say that the charge of dis-
crepancy is frivolous, and there is no founda-
tion for it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I make a remark
to my friend just there, because I do not
intend to occupy the time of the Senate on
this subject?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to inform him,
the Senate, and the Senator from Missouri,
all three, that if anybody will look at the
accounts, which I tried to persuade the Sen-
ator from Missouri to look at yesterday, and
which I hold in my hand, he will perceive
that there is not even an apparent discrep-
ancy ; that the sum of $8,000,000 that so
much fuss has been made about is in an
entirely different account from the receipts
of cash into tho Treasury, and does not repre-
sent a single dollar of this ordnance money
at all, but represents the settlement of old
Army accounts.
Mr. SCHURZ. Now, with the permission
of the Senator from Indiana, let me say to the
Senator from Vermont that the Secretary of
the Treasury himself admitted that although
the accounts were all right, yet not all the
money turned into the Treasury by the War
Departm ent did appear upon these accounts, for
the simple reason that some of those accounts
had not been settled when the official report
for the year 1870-71 was made up.
Mr. MORTON. In other words, a small
part had not been covered into the Treasury,
as shown by the Senator from Iowa yesterday.)
Mr. SCHURZ. The Secretary said to me\
yesterday, in the presence of the Senator from
Massachusetts, that some of those accounts had
been settled afterward and would appear on
the books now. I appeal to the Senator rom
Massachusetts in support of my statement.
