8754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
over the country, with expenses that do not
appear upon the face of this bill, for these are
only incidental expenses, we will have but the
three which he says are necessary. I hope
that this monstrous outrage of having arsenals
everywhere in time of profound peace, arsenals
which are not necessary even in time of war,
will be discontinued.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey,]
my colleague on the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. DICKEY. I think the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] has made his motion,
upon which he has hung his speech, in the
wrong place. The United States owns a square
of ground within the corporate limits of the
city of Pittsburg, upon which they have an
arsenal and large military stores. Like every-
body else, they must pay for the paving, curb-
ing, macadamizing, and grading of the streets
there. That is all that is provided here. There
is no appropriation at all in this paragraph
for the arsenal property. This is for a debt
incurred or to be incurred.
Mr. HOLMAN. If this arsenal is aban-
doned there will be no necessity for this appro-
priation.
Mr. DICKEY. If the arsenal is abandoned,
the parties who buy it will have to pay for this
work. Until it is abandoned, as long as you
own the property, you are bound to pay for
these improvements, as you do here in Wash-
ington and everywhere else where the Gov-
ernment own property. One more remark:
although the Committee on Appropriations,
in the language of its chairman, have felt the
necessity of concentrating the armories and
arsenals of the United States at three great
points, 011 the Pacific coast, the Atlantic coast,
and in the Mississippi valley, the fact remains
that we still own this property. The Com-
mittee on Military Affairs have been maturing
bills for that purpose, and should have brought
them in here before this time. We did not
originate this; we must take the machine and
run it as we find it, and that is all we are at-
tempting to do here.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the pending
amendment is exhausted.
Mr. SLOCUM. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the last word, for the purpose of saying
that the whole subject of disposing of this
arsenal at Pittsburg was discussed during the
last Congress. A bill was passed by this
House for the sale of it, but failed to pass the
Senate on account of Pittsburg influence.
Now, doe3 it follow that the House of Repre-
sentatives shall continue to appropriate money
for the pavement of the streets of Pittsburg
just so long as we keep that arsenal there?
If we stop grading their streets, stop appropri-
ating money for the benefit of Pittsburg, then
they will allow us to sell this arsenal, as the
interest of the country requires.
The items in this paragraph form but an
inconsiderable part of the expenses of that
arsenal, which is of no use to us. These items
are not one fiftieth part of the annual expenses
of that arsenal; and yet no good whatever
comes to us from it. Let us slop paving the
streets about this arsenal and then Pittsburg
may consent to our selling it. She will never
consent until we do this.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. Is any work forthe
Government done at that arsenal?
Mr. SLOCUM. None has been done there
for years.
Mr. DICKEY. The idea of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Slocum] is that while
the Government of the United States is the
owner of this property it shall not discharge
its duty and pay its debts. I say that if the
Government does not want to pay for the
paving of these streets, let it get out of the
way and allow somebody else to do it.
Mr. SLOCUM. That is just what this House
proposed to do. We passed a bill duritig the
last Congress to sell this very arsenal, but you
would not consent to it; 'you stopped the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not know anything
about that.
Mr. SLOCUM. We passed a bill to cut up
the arsenal grounds and sell them to the high-
est bidder. You people defeated that meas-
ure with the very view of having the paving
of your streets paid for by the Government.
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman says "you
people." I do not know whom he means.
The fact of the case is simply that the Con-
gress of the United States did not pass the
bill. In the mean time, while the Government
neither sells this property nor improves it, the
gentleman would refuse to the city payment
for paving and curbing the streets around
these grounds, expenses which all other prop-
erty-owners are required to pay. To refuse
payment is neither generous nor honest.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment ot Mr. Holman, there were—ayes 51,
noes CO ; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman
from Ohio will give us a vote on this question
in the House.
Mr. GARBTELD, of Ohio. I have no ob-
jection to a vote being taken upon it in the
House. I do not want the amendment re-
corded as adopted, because that would not be
true ; but by agreement let the amendment be
reserved for a vote in the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. With that understanding
I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Columbus arsenal, Columbus, Ohio: for grading
and improving public grounds, $1,250: foi intro-
ducing water-pipes into public grounds, S3.000: for
extending gas-pipes to rear of grounds, 81,800; for
repairs of public buildings, $950; in all, $7,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. We have already made ap-
propriations for three of these arsenals—those
at Springfield, Benicia, and Rock Island—■
which the gentleman from Ohio says are
necessary for the public service. I trust the
gentleman from Ohio will see that the appro-
priations for these other arsenals are struck
out. Here is an appropriation of $7,000 for
an arsenal at Columbus, Ohio, which is not
necessary even in time of war. As I have
been informed, there never has been a day's
work done there ; there never has been a
single gun made there. It is kept up without
any kind of necessity.
Mr. COX rose.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker-
Mr. STEVENSON. Let the gentleman
from Columbus speak.
Mr. COX. I want to say to the gentleman
from Indiana. [Mr. Holman] that when he says
there has been no work done at this arsenal,
he speaks without sufficient knowledge on the
subject. „
Mr. HOLMAN. Has a gun ever been made
there ?
Mr. COX. It was never intended to make
guns there. It is a place for the repair of
guns. I happened to be in this House when
this arsenal was established. I had the honor
to be instrumental in establishing it, and I
know something about it. I have taken an
interest in it ever since; 1 have felt a sort of
love for it, and have been glad to see the work
there carried on in a proper and economical
spirit. The city of Columbus has done a good
deal for this arsenal. It is all the city has had
from the Government. That city has never
had any public buildings. It has had no court-
house, post office, or anything of that kind,
although it numbers forty thousand inhabitants
or more. Yet my friend from Indiana would
strike out this small appropriation of $7,000,
designed to make that arsenal, with its grounds,
really worthy of the city.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to ask the gentle-
man whether there is any public reason for
making this appropriation and maintaining
that arsenal?
Mr. COX. Yes, sir. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] can state the facts in
detail better than I can. I know this: that
iron and the second growth of wood, so useful
for the repair of guns, can be had there
cheaper than in Springfield, Pittsburg, or
almost any other place. .This is the most
economical arsenal in the country for the
repair of arms. That has already been tested.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I can relieve the apprehension of the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] and I
assure him the Committee on Appropriations
have behaved with entire consistency. In
view of the remark I have made about the
three arsenals which he thought ought to be
kept up, we have put in a large appropriation
for them. In all the others we have followed
the rule that we should only appropriate
enough for them to take care of the public
property, and to see that it did not run down,
and furthermore to pay all honest debts due
against that property. It was on the score of
paying an honest debt that we put in the appro-
priation for the arsenal at Alleghany, and on
the score of taking care of the public property
that we put in the appropriation for Columbus
arsenal.
I am glad the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] has attracted my attention to a
mistake in the print or on the part of the
Clerk. The amount was not intended to he
$7,000 for Columbus. The estimates embraced
four items only, one of which the Committee
on Appropriations agreed to report in favor
of. Instead of $7,000, it ought to be only
$950 for the care and keeping up of the arsenal.
I move, therefore, to strike out "$7,000,"
and to insert "for care and repairs of the
buildings and grounds at the Columbus
arsenal, $950."
The amendment was agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
from Indiana insist on his motion to strikeout
the paragraph as amended ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I certainly do; and I wish
to say to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gab-
field] that so long as we continue to make
appropriations for these works they will be
kept up. We ought to make appropriations
for the arsenals at Benicia, California; Rock
Island, and Springfield, and for that purpose
appropriations have been made for over eight
thousand dollars. In reference to the others,
I object to a single appropriation being made
for them.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We must take
care of the public buildings.
Mr. HOLMAN. So long as these appro-
priations are made from year to year all these
buildings will be kept up, and the appropria-
tions for keeping them up amounts to hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars every year. The
sooner we stop making these appropriations
and do away with these arsenals the better it
will be for the Government.
Mr. SLOCUM. Mr. Chairman, it is well
known the arsenal at Columbus was estab-
lished, not upon the recommendation of the
War Department or of the ordnance depart-
ment, but was established simply because there
had been one established in Indiana, and be-
cause local politicians at Columbus demanded
their share of the public money ; and that is
all that gave rise to it. Nobody ever dreamed
it would ever be of any use to the Govern-
ment; but some member of Congress asked
for this $100,000 or $200,000 for his district,
and it was expended there because he wanted
it, not because it was of any use.
Mr. COX. The gentleman does not know
the history of that. The Indianapolis arsenal
and the arsenals at Rock Island and at Colum-
bus were put into one bill.
Mr. SLOCUM. Yes, and log-rolled through.
Mr. HOLMAN. It was a log-rolling scheme
of course. The one at Indianapolis should be
done away with, because it is a monstrous out-
rage, and this ought to be done away with
likewise.
