118
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 29,
Senate,
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Oorbett.
42d Coxa....2d Sess.
In regard to the charge that Mr. Remington
was an agent of the French Government, it
appears to have been proven, and it has been
generally conceded that he may have been the
agent of that Government; but there is no
evidence to show that the Government of the
United States had any cognizance of that fact
until about the middle of October, when a
letter was exhibited by one who was conceded
to be an agent of Remington, to the Depart-
ment, in which it was stated that he was the
agent of the French Government. The Secre-
tary of War immediately stopped the sale of
arms at that time and refused to receive the
bid of Messrs. Remington & Sons. The De-
partment afterwards gave notice to other per-
sons who were engaged in the purchase of
arms, and received bids for a large number of
arms. It appears that about the 20th of Octo-
ber they received bids for three hundred
thousand stand of arms, and that they sold
those arms to various houses in New York,
set forth by the Senator from Missouri, and
I will name them : Austin, Baldwin & Co. ;
Herman Boker & Co., a German house ;
Schuyler, Hartley & Graham ; and perhaps
one other house. Bids were received from
these firms in one case for forty thousand
Springfield rifles ; a hundred thousand Spring-
field rifles; fifty thousand Springfield rifles ;
and a hundred thousand Springfield rifles.
The total amount of these sales according to
my examination of the subject, as I figure it
up, is only $3,225,000, while the whole amount
received by the Secretary of War during that
year from, the sale of arms, I think is generally
conceded to be l'rom tea to eleven million
dollars.
It is not pretended by the Senator from Mis-
souri or the Senator from Massachusetts that
there were any other arms sold to the French
Government, except about three hundred thou-
sand stand of arms. It is evident, therefore,
that some seven or eight million dollars
have been paid into the Treasury of the United
States, derived from the sales of arms, which
must have been disposed of to other parties.
We are all aware that, there was alarge amount
of arms sold during that year. We are also
aware that war was impending, perhaps prob-
able, in other portions of Europe, and may it
not be probable, may it not be almost certain,
that some of the arms that were sold to indi-
viduals were disposed of by them to other
foreign Governments, either to Russia, Eng-
land, or Austria, instead of to the French Gov-
ernment, from the factlhatbuta small amount
of this money, compared to the whole, was
paid by the so-called French agents for arms?
It is contended that it is demonstrated that
the greater proportion of these three hundred
thousand stand of arms were landed in France;
but there has been no evidence presented of
that fact satisfactory to the Senate. A por-
tion of these arms, it is true, may have been
delivered to France, as stated by the Senator
from Missouri. During these transactions it
is alleged that telegrams passed between the
French consul at New York and the French
Government with regard to these arms; but
it is not charged that the Government of the
United States was cognizant of the fact at that
time, and not until it was brought to the notice
of the Government during this debate in the
Senate of the United States, when those tele-
grams were produced.
It is asserted that this sale was made about the
20th of October, and that the arms were deliv-
ered on or about the 21st in New York at four
o'clock in the_afteruoon, and that France had
made a deposit with the parties who purchased
the arms, but it is not shown that any portion
of this money was paid by France to the Uni-
ted States. It matters not whether this money
was paid to the parties who purchased the
arms of the United States orto Mr. Remington, |
so long as our Government was ignorant of
the fact. The Senator from Missouri himself
now disclaims that any citizen or merchant
of the United States can be held responsible
for selling arms to France or to any other
Government.
It has been cloarly shown that these arms
were sold to men who were not agents of the
French Government. It is claimed, however,
that the people who purchased these arms
resold them again, or through other parties,
to the agents of Mr. Remington. Perhaps
they may have passed through two or three
hands, in order to prevent the Government
of the United States from ascertaining the
actual facts in the ease, for which of course
the United States are in no wise responsible.
It is said that Mr. Remington stated on
December 18, 1870, that he was dealing with
the United States Government. That is very
probable. He had been dealing with the
United States Government previous to Octo-
ber 15. It appears that in September he
did buy fifty thousand stand of arms of the
United States Government, but in October,
when this large amount of arms was being
sold, it is distinctly shown that the Govern-
ment of the United States refused to receive
his bid.
'Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to remind the
Senator that Mr. Remington's letter asserting
again and again some fifteen times that he
was in relations with the Governmentis dated,
I think, the 18th of December. I wish the
Senator would bear that in mind.
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir. I have stated
that it is claimed he stated he was in relations
with the Government. It is shown that he had
been in relations with the Government.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my fiieud allow
me one moment?
Mr. COR BEIT. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. He has been correctcd
upon a matter of fact, and I wish to correct
that correction. I deny that any letter of
Remington has been produced here bearing
any date, which says fitteen times, or one time,
that he is in relations with the Government.
I thought that proposition was abandoned some
days ago when it was put to these Senators to
say, and they declined to say, that the whole
truth of that letter was not borne out, if in
truth Remington through third persons, his
relations with whom were not known to the
Government, was carrying on his proceedings ;
and I remind the Senator from Oregon that the
letter is just as true, just, as excusable in Rem-
ington, just as free from all just criticism, if
he was acting through Herman Boker & Co.,
through Schuyler, Hartley & Graham, and
through other third persons, as if he went face
to face to the ordnance department; and
therefore I hope the Senator will not allow
himself to be coaxed into an admission that
Mr. Remington stands contradicted on any
such evidence.
^Mr. CORBETT. If the Senator from New
Y'ork had waited a few moments I should have
come to that point. It appears that Reming-
ton did, on the 18th of December, 1870, state
that he was in direct relations with the Gov-
ernment of the United States. It also ap-
pears that Mr. Remington was receiving com-
missions trom the French Government; that
he was purchasing arms for them as best he
could ; that, in September he did purchase fifty
thousand stand of arms direct from the Gov-
ernment of the United States. So far as that
was concerned, it is true that he was in dircct
relations, or had been, with the Government
of the United States; not known then as the
agent of France, however; but I have also
stated that as soon as his true character was
ascertained at the War Department, the Gov-
ernment refused to sell him arms. ' But then
it is said he purchased arms from other parties
who purchased them from the United States;
and, as I understand, Mr. Remington claims
that he charged simply his commission upon
those arms. How far such transaction is m
relation with the Government. I leave for the
Senate to judge. At the same time it is more
clearly proven that the Government refused to
sell him arms after the middle of October,
when it was discovered that he was the agent
of France.
It has been shown that the Government of
the United States after the purchase of those
fifty thousand stand of arms at five dollars
apiece, sold three hundred thousand stand of
arms at a much higher price, and I will read
from the evidence that has been produced from
the War Department, October 20, 1870. It is
addressed to Mr. Charles Wright, audit shows
that Austin, Baldwin & Co. purchased forty
thousand new Springfield muskets, caliber fifty-
eight, at $12 30. It is also shown that one
hundred and ten thousand cleaned and repaired
Springfield muskets, caliber fifty-eight, were
sold at $9 30. It is also shown that Herman
Boker & Co., the German house, purchased
tif y-thousand new Springfield muskets, caliber
fifty-eight, at $12 10; and it is also shown
that Schuyler, Hartley & Graham purchased
one hundred thousand new Springfield muskets,
caliber fifty eight, at §12 05 cash.
it will be seen that on the average this was
more than double the price that Remington
had paid in September. It was natural, there-
fore, for the Government of Fiance to claim
that this was an exorbitant price, and it be-
came necessary for Remington to show that
Government that he had been obliged to pur-
chase these arms at second-hand, and in con-
sequence was obliged to pay this additional
price, they having passed into other hands,
although perhaps those parties were acting
for Remington. It would seem to be true,
therefore, that Remington was acting as an
agent for the French Government and dealing
directly with the United States, as far as he
could, and when he found he could not pur*
chase directly and get the invoice directly to
himself from the United States, he employed
these other men to purchase of the Uniled
States, or else they took advantage of him,
knowing he was excluded from bidding, which
is more probable, and then turned their in-
voices over to him on which he received his
commission from France, or he may have been
obliged to pay them a large profit on their
purchases, and in this may arise the dlll'eience
paid by France over and above the prices paid
by these purchasers. This would go more
clearly to show, however, that these New York
purchasers were operating on their own re-
sponsibility instead of as agents of Remington
& Co. I think it has been clearly shown that
the Government of the United States is not to
blame in any way for ihe sale of the arms that
Remington purchased of or through other
parties ; and we have nothing to do with any
differences or disputes between Messrs. Rem-
ington Co. and the French Government.
So far as the cartridges are concerned, I
consider that itwasjust as necessary to furnish
the cartridges, for the making of which the
Government had all the machinery, to go with
the arms, so as to make them salable, as it
would be to furnish ramrods to the muskets.
If it was deemed advisable (o make a sale of
these useless arms, and the Government found
that they could by repairing them smd furnish-
ing the cartridges wiih them, sell them more
readily, it was just as necessary as it was to
clean the arms and prepare them for sale.
It has been complained that these were
Springfield muskets of the pattern of 1866.
Sir, we are constantly making improvements
in arms, and I think it was wise to dispose of
this large amount of arms to purchasers who
might wish to purchase them during this sea-
