170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Logas] was entitled to the
floor, but yielded to the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson*.]
Mr. SCOTT. I desire only to make a
motion, not to make a speech.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the
Senator from Illinois yield for that purpose?
Mr. SCOTT. It is a motion connected with
the resolution now before the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. I have no objection to the
Senator entering a motion if it will not take
time.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not propose to debate it
at all, but wishing to add to the efficiency of
the committee, as well as to accede to the jus-
tice of the view advanced by the Senator from
Delaware with reference to the addition of
another member of the minority to the com-
mittee, I have consulted with him and some
of his, associates upon the floor, and they have
agreed in naming a gentleman of the minority
to go upon the committee, if it be the sense of
the Senate to put an additional one on; and
believing that an additional one ought to be
put 011. I move to add the name of the Sen-
ator from California [.Mr. Casserly] to the
committee.
Mr. CONKLING and others. That is right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to amend the pend-
ing resolution by adding the name ot' Senator
Casseui.y.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I have re-
frained hitherto from saving anything during
this discussion, and perhaps it isbest that I did
so : nor would I now attempt to detain the Sen-
ate for a moment were it not for the fact that
this discussion has taken such a wide range
that it seems to impress a portion of the coun-
try at least with the idea that the gentlemen
who are now favoring the resolution which has
been adopted, offered by the Senator from
Rhode Island, were men in the interest of the
Administration, and those who voted for the
resolution introduced by my colleague were
men who were desirous of doing an injury to
the Administration in some way or manner. I
do not believe this to be true. I know it is not
true so far as I am concerned.
I voted for the resolution of my colleague
■whenever I had an opportunity of doing so,
and I certainly shall continue to vote for it so
long as it shall be before the Senate. I voted
for it for the reason that it was the same reso-
lution under which we have had a joint com-
mittee of Congress for more than five years.
I voted for it also for the reason that 1 believed
it was right. I voted for it in the third place
because I have always voted for in vesications
of corruption, no matter whether they were
charged against an Administration which I
favoied or an Administration which I did not
f'vor. I voted for it for another reason: I
did not believe that General Grant, if I am
permitted to use hes name—I mean the Presi-
dent of the United States—-was guilty of fraud:
I did not believe that he was guilty of larceny ;
1 did not believe that he was guilty of forgery;
I did not believe that he was guilty of abstract-
ing money, bonds, or anything of that kind;
1101- did 1 believe that he was responsible for
those things which may have occurred, for
they might be done by a clerk or a paymaster
or some person having charge of tnonc-y or
bonds or any business of the Government.
Those things might occur under any Adminis-
tration. Hence, in voting for that resolution,
and I believe every other Senator was actu-
ated in the same way, I did not vote for it for
the reason that I believed t.he fact would be
developed that the President of the United
States or any one of his Cabinet was dishonest,
bat I voted for it because I believed it, was
right, no matter who might be charged with
the affairs of this nation.
But, sir, the attempt was made, seemingly
ot least, by some Senatoisto place'those of us
who voted for or advocated that resolution in
antagonism to the present Administration, as
if they were the only advisers, the only sup-
porters, the only men in this body who could
be considered as friendly to the President, or
his administration. Now, sir, let us take the
history of this resolution and examine it for a
short time and see, what it proves. If the
country will examine the history of this resolu-
tion they will see that it proves a very strange
state of facts produced by the action of Sen-
ators. First, my colleague introduced a resolu-
tion proposing a joint committee. That was
opposed, (it was opposed by some gentlemen
in the Senate who to-day are extravagant in
their desires to have investigation,) because it
would be oppressive, because it would be wrong
in every respect. Others opposed it because
the resolution called ior a joint committee, and
not a committee of this body alone.
Now, sir, let me ask you, what was the
action in reference to the proposition? It
was discussed probably for one or two days.
Then some gentlemen, who had seemingly
opposed investigation, glided very easily into
being in favor of investigation. At first tbey
opposed it, because it was to be for a joint
committee. If that was the real opposition to
the resolution, would it not have been very
easy to offer an amendment making it, instead
of a joint committee, a committee of the Sen-
ate? That was not done, however. The res-
olution of my colleague was not amended. No
Senator offered to amend it in that way.
What is the history that follows? By some
means or other which I will not state another
resolution was arranged, and that resolution
was brought into the Senate, providing for a
standing committee of this body, a Committee
of Investigation and Retrenchment. That res-
olution, so far as organizing a committee of
investigation and retrenchment was concerned,
was just as strong as the resolution offered by
ray colleague ; but it was deemed necessary to
offer that resolution and pa«s it in the Senate
Why? Because it was belter than apart, of
the resolution of my colleague that asked for a
committee of this kind? No, sir, but because
it came from some other source, in niv judg-
ment. That, resolution was adopted by the
Senate.
Then my colleague offered a part of his res-
olution as a resolution of instructions to that
committee, that the committee should investi-
gate certain things, certain disorders, certain
questions in reference to the Departments and
with reference to the civil service. When he
offered that resolution he agreed to strike out
all that referred to the civil service, which
seemed to be objectionable to some Senators,
so as to make it merely a resolution of instruc-
tion. The vote was taken on that resolution
of instruction, and thirty-live Senators voted
to lay it on the table, and twenty-four voted to
adopt it as instructions to the committee.
What next follows? The debate continues.
Certain Senators seemingly tried to place cer-
tain Senators still in antagonism to the Ad-
ministiation, certain papers over the country
do the same thing, while certain otiter papers
take, a different view of the case. What then,
sir? Then another resolution finds its way
into the Senate, a resolution not precisely in
the language of my colleague, but something
very similar, instructing this committee as to
what th y shall do, not quite as strong a;
the resolution of my colleague, but not com-
ing from him. After that the committee is
organized.
Now, sir, after you gotyourcommittecorgan-
ized ; after yon got your resolution of instruc-
tion ; after you got their duties defined as to
what they shall do, where they shall go, how
they shall act. examine it altogether, and tell
me what the difference is between that and the
substance of the resolution offered by my col-
league. That was all that he asked,"and that
is what jou propose to do. If you propose to
do it now, why could you not do il at first when
he offered his resolution .' Is it because cer-
tain gentlemen are determined to force certain
other Senators into an antagonistic position to
them? Is that, the reason? Are cerium men
here determined to control, no matter who
may sink or who may fall?
Now, sir, let us go aliule further. You tire
going now to investigate. I understand. In-
vestigate what? Investigate the custom-house
at New York, says one lesoiution that was in-
troduced to-day. Why not agree to that at
first? Why not agree to investigate ainthmg
at first, without having four or five days' dis-
cussion, and then arrive tit. the same conclu-
sion that was desired at the .stmt by the gen-
tlemen who voted for the resolution of my col-
league ?
Oh, but say certain Senators, the-e resolu-
tions have the power to send for persons and
papers. Well, will some Senator explain to
mc what benefit this committee will be to the
country without the power to send for persons
and papers? Why, sir, when you speak about
investigating committee.-, what is an investi-
gating committee but a committee to examine
into that which they are directed—toascerta n
facts? IIow do you ascertain lac You
ascertain facts from testimony. II r.v d i Mm
get testimony beiore your committee.-? Be-
having the power to send for witnesses Well,
witnesses are persons. If the evidence i. docu-
mentary, they have the powi-r to s-end for papers.
Then, by sending for persons ami )apets. you
get the testimony upon which you base jour
opinions, and come to a conclusion as to v.-h t
is wrong or whether there is any wrong.
Rut Senators say that tin- r>ov. it is extraor-
dinary; this power must not begi>< i: that is
to say, organize a committee to inv.-ct'/.tte.
but do not give them the power to do o ! It
reminds me of a story that 1 told in this
Chamber once befote of an old judge of a
county court who granted the prayer of a ;i-ti-
tion asking for a road and a f-rry across a
siver. He said, " The ferry am granted, and
the road am not.'' [Laughter.] '1 he com-
mittee is permitted to exist, but the [tower to
do anything is taken from it. That i-- the
argument of some gentlemen here. . Your
committee without the power to send for per-
sons and papers will amount to nothing ; it
wiil do no good; it will be of no advantage
to this country, or to anybody.
Now, another thing Idesire to say. Let mc
ask Senators here, why is there such aseeming
desire on the partof some gentlemen her". and
a majority, that certain Senators ltithi- Cham-
ber shall not be permitted to inaugurate any
reform or to do an)thing t!iv.t w'.sl oe of ad-
vantage to the country for fear the? may injuie
the President, or somebody conn-cted with
linn? Now, I will say a word on that point,
and I hope I may be pardoned for doing so,
because I certainly have no right to give advice
inasmuch as I am not. considered, perhaps,
good authority by certain gentlemen here. It
makes very little difference to me whether I
am so considered or not. I am respou-ioScto
my constituents, and to nobody else. Rut were
I President of the United States to day, and
had a friend on this floor that would "either
directly or indirect Iv attempt to stifle investi-
gation, I would send for him and teli him that
his friendship in that direction nor desir-
able. Sir. by the action of Senators on this
floor, in their bitter opposition to tiie-e resolu-
tion.- in the Senate and oat of the Senate, they
ha\e done what? You have placed (tie Admin-
istration to-day in a worse position than it was
when this debate, fust commenced by fifty per
cent, befoie the country.
You, that have tried to be the pariicular
frifnds, and make Ui the enwuios. are to-day
the enemies of tin- Administration by your
own ac<s, and have dune it such mi in as wiil
cause the country to belieie iheie t- s one! lung
wrong. Off hum- these is no ,-iieh letoiiUou :
there i.s no improp'T motive; but, it is the
desire of cettaiu utcti lieteto m.iLe themselves
