1872.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Oorbett.
Sen'ate.
son of excitement and take their chance for
speculation upon them. These men evidently
purchased these arms knowing there was a
large demand for them. They knew the Gov
eminent would not sell tbem directly to the
belligerent Powers. They took the chances,
and we cannot complain of them as merchants
for so doing.
It is not clear by any means, by reason of
the assertion, if such a statement was made,
of which there is some doubt, of one of the
officers of the French Government that he was
in direct relations with the Government of the
United States. The assertion of the fact does
not prove it. He might have perhaps truth-
fully said that he was in direct relations with
the United States in this sense, that he had
made an agreement with Remington & Co., and
had purchased through them arms direct from
the Government of the United States, in Sep-
tember, before the Government knew that he
was a French agent, and therefore he might
have believed he was in direct communication
with the United States Government, so far as
the purchasing of arms was concerned, to that
extent, through his agent. He was paying
Mr. Iteming!on a commission for doing this
business, but Mr. Remington purchased no
arms in his own name after September, as has
already been shown.
It has been shown that when the wur closed
we had about thirteen hundred tho.usand stand
of arms, and it is claimed that we sold to
France three hundred thousand staud of arms.
That leaves one million to be accounted for,
to say nothing about any amount that may
have been in the bauds of the troops at the
close of the war. It seems that we have now
five hundred and sixty thousand stand of arms
on hand aside from those in the hands of the
troops. Therefore we must have sold, beside
those three hundred thousand stand of arms,
four hundred and forty thousand stand of
arms since the close of the war.
Mr. SCHURZ. May I interrupt the Sena-
tor a moment?
Mr. CORBETT. I have no objection.
Mr. SOIIURZ. I showed yesterday from
the official reports of the War Department
that at the close of the war we had something
over thiiteen hundred thousand stand of arms,
and in the mean time we have sold thirteen
hundred thousand. I should like to know
where the five hundred thousand came from
that are still in the arsenals now.
Mr. CORBETT. I presume the Senator
from Iowa \«>as correct in his statement that a
large number of these arms were in the hands
ol' the troops when the war closed, and have
since been turned over, perhaps by the troops
and by the States, to the General Government,
and those arms have been put in repair and
are now placed in the arsenals, and the Gov-
ernment has also probably been manufacturing
new kinds of arms to replace the arms that
have been sold that were considered out of
date.
Mr. President, it seems to me that this res-
olution tends to reflect upon the good name
and the good government of the United States.
In my opinion, no lover of his country, no true
pal riot can vote for such a resolution without
feeling that it is a deliberate reflection upon
the honor of his country. It has been clearly
proven here by the Senators themselves that
this supposed information that the authorities
of the United States had proved to be recreant
to their trust, that they had sold arms with-
out authority of law to certain persons, knowing
that the persons to whom they sold were for-
eign agents, is a mistake.
Now, I think it has been clearly shown that
it was not known to the Government that
these were foreign agents. It has also been
clearly shown that the money received for
these arms was paid into the Treasury to the
full extent. Therefore upon these main points
the evidence is conclusive, and I cannot see now
how we can support this resolution after this
long discussion and this full investigation
before the Senate. All the evidence that has
been presented goes clearly to relieve this
Government from any just ground of suspicion
or censure.
I am willing at all times to vote for every
just measure of investigation; but where
there is no ground for investigation, where
there is nothing to show that we have trans-
gressed the laws of our country, where no offi-
cer of the country has transgressed them, and
where it is clearly proven that the moneys are
accounted for, it seems to me that there is
nothing left for us to investigate. Are we to
investigate whether Mr. Remington had made
a contract with the French Government for
the delivery of arms as a merchant, manufac-
turer, or trader ? It is well known that Mr.
Remington is a large manufacturer of arms,
that he is a large dealer in arms; and it was
perfectly natural for the French Government
to make an arrangement with him as a mer-
chant and manufacturer to supply them with
arms. They may have even gone so far as to
say to him, " You purchase from the Govern-
ment of the United States these arms, and we
will pay you a commission upon those pur-
chases." It may .have made this contract
with them, as it would perhaps appear from
evidence here adduced that it has; but that is
no reason why we should investigate this mat-
ter. We have nothing to do with the contracts
of Mr. Remington with the French Govern-
ment. The Senator from Missouri quoted
from a letter of the Department in which they
stated:
" After the end of the rebellion this Department,
with the sanction of Congress, made arrangements
for the sale of arms and other ordnance, and the
firm of E. Remington & Sons were frequently among
the purchasers. Between the first of July and mid-
dle of Oetober. 1870, very considerable sales were
made by this Department to that house, and among
them the sate of fifty thousand Springfield rifles,
cleaned and repaired, at the price of five dollars
each on the 28th of September, 1S70. At that pe-
riod the class of arms were very little in demand
and the price was considered very low."
Mr. Remington, to show that he was obliged
to purchase these arms from other people and
at higher prices, and that he could not purchase
them from the United States, asked them to
write this letter, and in another clause of this
letter it is said :
"Half an hour before the time fixed for the open-
ing of these bids, (about loth October,) Mr. Squire,
who was known as the agent of the house of Rem-
ington & Son.s showed me a dispatch "—
This is the chief of ordnance who writes
this:
"from a member of that house which proved
that Messrs. Remington & Sons were the agents of
the French Government, and which authorized him.
[Squire] to buy arms for them."
He again says :
" X put oil the opening of the bids, and immedi-
ately communicated to you -
The Secretary of Wai—
" that dispatch, and you hastened to instruct me not
to accept any bid on the part of Mr. Squire and
Remington & Sons for arms. You told me that
you would not let arms be sold to any agent of either
of the belligerent Powers, Frn nee or Prussia. I com-
municated this decision to Mr. Squire, and I called
out new bids for the arms a few^days after. I sold a
large quantity of Springfield rifles on bids which I
had called out after the interview I had had with
you on this subject."
Now, it appears that these very arms were
sold after this to these other firms, before
named, in New York, three hundred thousand
stand of arms, as I have stated before, and
Mr. Remington calls for this letter to show
to the French Government that he was obliged
to purchase these arms from other parties,
and that the United States Governmentrefused
to sell him (Remington) these arms. He pre-
sents this letter to the French Government to
show why he was obliged to pay these increased
prices.
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask my friend there
whether, under the circumstances, the officials
of the War Department had not reasonable
ground to believe that the persons to whom
they sold were really agents of France ?
Mr. CORBETT. I have before stated that
during this time all the European Govern-
ments were perhaps preparing for war; we
did not know what Government might ha
drawn into war. England was in a state of
ferment; she was just as likely to be the pur-
chaser of these arms as France. I understand
it is claimed to have been shown by the Sena-
tor from Missouri that a portion of these arms
at least went to France; but at the time there
was nothing to show that these arms were
going to France ; it was just as probable that
they were going to Prussia or to England as
perhaps to France; and it was not for this
Government to inquire to whom these parties
in New York that purchased the arms were
going to send them. It was a speculation of
their own. They took the risk if they shipped
them. In case they were captured the pur-
chasers would lose their money if they were
purchased by agents of the French Govern-
ment, of the Prussian Government, of the
English Government, and they Should be cap-
tured, Then the loss would fall upon them
or upon their agents. I do not know whether
the contract with this reputed agent was that
he was to deliver these arms in France, to
England, or to Prussia. It matters not; the
simple fact that they were not sold to the
French Government knowingly is sufficient
for us to know-
It is now claimed that because the sales were
stopped on the 24th of January, 1871, that is
conclusive proof that these arms were soli to
the French Government or to the Prussian Gov-
ernment. I do not think it is any proof at all.
From and atter the 20th of October, lSTO,
these arms were sold to merchants and traders.
That appears to have satisfied the Prussian
minister and other foreign Powers as to the
sale of these arms up to about the 24th of
January, when it appears complaints were filed
with the Government that the arms were going
to foreign Governments, either to France or to
Germany. It appears that^,the Senator from
Missouri himself made the complaint. He
says in consequence of- that the Secretary of
War stopped the sales, and in an official letter
he informs the Senator from Missouri, on the
24th of January, that he had stopped them.
I think that shows conclusively that the
Secretary of War, whenever it was brought to
his notice, when probable facts were adduced
showing that any of these men were agents
of either of the belligerent Powers, did stop
the sales, and I believe it is not contradicted
by either the Senator from Massachusetts or
the Senator from Missouri. If this isthe.case,
if the Secretary of War was acting in good
faith, why should we cast implication upon
that officer by instituting an investigation here
which it is clearly proven is not necessary,
when the proof itself before us shows that the
Secretary of War did prevent the sales _when-
ever evidence was brought to his notice, or
probable evidence was brought tohis notice
that these were agents of either of the belli-
gerent Powers ? I think he had just as good a
right to believe that Herman Bolter & Co.,
who purchased fifty thousand stand of arms,
a German house, were the agents of Germany,
as he had to believe that Remington & Sons,
were the agents of France before he ascer-
tained the tact, because it appears from the
evidence that this house, through the Prussian
minister, did telegraph to the Prussian Govern-
ment that they could have these arms if they
wanted them. Germany declined to receive
them. It appears that they did buy them on
