1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1963
hour to the Senator from Minnesota [Mr. ;
Wisdom] for a bill reported by him from the !
Committee on Public Lands, subject to the j
morning business. The Chair, however, will
put the question on the request of the Senator ■
from Kansas.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to eon ;j
wider the bill (S. No. 395) for the relief of ,
Enos J. Pennypacker. It proposes to relieve I
Bnos J. Pennypacker, contractor for the trans- j
portation of mails on route 5007, between i
Plymouth, in North Carolina, and Franklin
Depot, in Virginia, from all charges and dis- j
abilities as a failing contractor on that route,
and authorizes the Postmaster General to ad-
just and settle his account for service on the ,
route accordingly.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post ,
Roads reported the bill with an amendment, I
to make thenumberof the route read '■ 5037." !
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend- |
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The i
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed. j
Mr. TRUMBULL subsequently said: 1 de-
sire to enter a motion to reconsider the vote
by which the bill for the relief of Bnos J.
Pennypacker was passed. I think it ought
to be understood by the Senate before it is
passed. I can state in a moment why 1 think
it ought to be reconsidered. I do not wish to
delay the bill if the Senate think proper to
pass it.
Mr. WINDOM. I insist on the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require
unanimous consent to consider the motion at
the present time. The motion to reconsider
will be entered.
ST. LOUIS MARINE HOSPITAL GROUNDS.
Mr. BLAIR. The Committee on Private
Laud Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2047) to provide for the exchange
and transfer of two small parcels of land in
the city of St. Louis, Missouri, have directed
me to report it back without amendment; and
I ask for the present consideration of the bill.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as .m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. The preamble recites that the United
States marine hospital grounds, situated in the
city of St. Louis, Missouri, lie adjoining lands
of "John G. Woertter, upon an angular line of
division, and that it is represented that an
alteration and straightening of the division
line, and an exchange of certain irregular
strips of land, will be conducive to the inter-
est and convenience of both parties. The
bill therefore authorizes the Secretary of the
Tieasury to appoint a commission, to consist
of two persons, to determine upon a new
division line between tho property of John G.
Woerner, of St. Louis, Missouri, and the St.
Louis marine hospital tract, which shall be
a continuous straight line; and the Secretary
of the Treasury is authorized, if he shall be
satisfied that the exchange will be beneficial
to the Government of the United States, to
convey to John G. Woerner the strip of land
that may be found to lie on the south side pf
the line so determined upon, in exchange lor
the strip of land that may be found to lie on
the north side of the line; but the division
lino is to be so located that the exchange of
the strip of land, and the location of the
line, shall involve no expense to the Gov-
ernment; and upon the further condition
that John G. Woerner shall pay the United
States the sum of the difference of value,
if any. between the two parcels of land thus
exchanged, such sum to be ascertained by
(he commissioners, who, in case of disagree-
ment, are to choose an umpire; a majority
ot the commission, thus constituted, to de-
termine the location of the division line, and
the difference in value, the appraisement and
location to be approved by the Secretary of
the Treasury ; and upon the full payment of
the sum, if any difference in value should be
in favor of the United States, and conveyance
by John G. Woerner to the United States of a
valid title to the strip or parcel of land lying
north of the new division line, and adjoining
the southeast corner of the St. Louis marine
hospital grounds, and the payment of all ex-
penses that may be incurred in locating the
new line, determining the difference in value
of the two parcels of land, and the transfer
herein provided for, and compliance with the
other conditions herein set forth, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is to execute the neces-
sary deeds for the conveyance to John G.
Woerner of the parcel of land lying on the
south side of the new division line, and adjoin-
ing the southwest corner of the St. Louis
marine hospital grounds.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
13. C. PRESSLEY.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 685, reported from the
Committee on Finance. It will take but a
moment to pass it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota has yielded for the two bills which
have just been disposed of. The Senator from
South Carolina now asks unanimous consent
to take up the bill indicated by him.
Mr. WINDOM. Will it give rise to debate ?
Mr. SAWYER. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be sub-
ject to a demand for the regular order if it
gives rise to debate.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
685) for the relief of B. C. Pressley was read
a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary ot
the Tieasury, in settling the accounts of B. C.
Pressley, late AssistantTreasurerof the United
States at Charleston, South Carolina, to allow
to him a credit of $201, interest on the public
debt paid by him in July, I860, and of which
payment the vouchers have been lost.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MOBILE AND ALABAMA GRAND TRUNK ROAD.
Mr. OSBORN. The Committee on Public
.Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
801) granting a right of way to the Mobile
and Alabama Grand Trunk Railroad Com-
pany through and over lands owned by the
United States, have directed me to report
it back with two slight amendments, and rec-
ommend its passage. It is a very brief bill,
and I ask that it be put on its passage im-
mediately.
Mr. WINDOM. I am afraid if I continue
to give way I shall yield all my time.
Mr. OSBORN. This bill will take but a
moment.
Mr. SPENCER. There cannot be objection
to it. ,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator from Minnesota does not yield to the
Senator from Florida, I ask him to allow me
to offer a resolution which will take no time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The call is rest-
ing at reports of committees, if the Senator
objects.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. WINDOM. If it leads to no discus-
sion I will yield for this bill of the Senator
from Florida, but I do not desire to yield
further.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be taken up, subject to
a demand for the regular order.
There being no objection, the Senate, as m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It authorizes the Mobile and
Alabama Grand Trunk Railroad Company, a
company duly incorporated by the laws of
Alabama, to lay out and construct their rail-
road with one or more tracks, as they may
find necessary or convenient for its operation,
and to have a right of way of one hundred feet
on each side of the road; and also to enter
upon, lay off, and appropriate as much more of
the land as may be necessary or convenient
for side-tracks, depots, water-stations, or other
necessary structures, not to exceed forty acres
in any one place, and to take from the public
lands adjacent, earth, gravel, stone, or other
materials for the construction and mainte-
nance of the railroad. Within one year from
the passage of this act the company is to file
with the Secretary of the Interior its accept-
ance of the terms of the act, and a map of
the route, exhibiting the line of the ioad and
its branch, as it has been located. It is to be
the duty of the company to permit any other
railroad, which lias been or shall be author-
ized by the United States or by the Stale of
Florida, to form running connections with its
road on fair and equitable terms; and in case
of a failure of the company to establish such
terms, then such terms are to be fixed by the
Secretary of the Interior. The road is to be
a post route and a military road; and Con-
gress at any time, having due regard for the
rights of the company, may fix rates of tariff
for transportation of troops, materials of war,
and mails; and may add to, alter, or amend
this act.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with two amendments, in line twenty
to strike out the words " and its branch," and
in line twenty-three to strike out the words
" or by the State of Florida."
Mr. ROBERTSON. Was that bill reported
to-day?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has just been
reported by the Senator from Florida.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I should like to know
something about it. I cannot consent to its
passage without knowing something about it.
Mr. OSBORN. As I understand it, there
is nothing in the bill except to allow a road
now under construction to pass through the
public lands in the State. It grants nothing
at all but the right of way.
Mr. ROBERTSON. In what State?
Mr. OSBORN. Alabama.
Mr. SPENCER. It grants no lands, but
the right of way except, where they wish to put
a depot or water-station on the public lands.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Are these public lauds?
Mr. OSBORN. Yes, sir; United States
public lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from South Carolina object?
Mr. ROBERTSON. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the amendments reported by the
committee will be regarded as agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
how long this right of way is to continue. Is
there any limit within which it is to expire?
Mr. SPENCER. As long as the railroad
lasts, I supDOse.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose they do not
build their railroad ? .
Mr. OSBORN. I think there is no limit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit there ought to
be a limit. This granting a right of way through
the public lands to a particular road to stand
there in the way of building other roads through
all time and compel somebody else to buy them
out, is all wrong. If the right of way is granted
through these lauds they should be requned
within some time to complete their road or
else the right should be forfeited. It j©u cieate
these rights in perpetuity they embarrass the
future action of the Government and the people
in making improvements on the public lands.
Mr. SPENCER. I will state to the Senator
from Illinois that some forty miles of this road
are already built and in operation.
