1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SUMNER. The Secretary had the kind-
ness to visit me this morning, and he has taken
some time to look into the accounts at the
Treasury in ordar to sift this to the bottom.
Now, I ask ray i'riend 
Mr. MORTON. He told you in the same
conversation it was all right, too.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly; he has given
me a memorandum 
Mr. MORTON. Then we will consider this
discrepancy out of the case.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; but there is some-
thing that must not be considered out of the
Case. The Senator does not mean to be unfair.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will look at
my remarks the other day he will see that I
contrasted the report for the fiscal year of the
War Department with the report for the fiscal
year of the Treasury, and I then said:
"In both cases it is 'the fiscal year,' which has
with us a definite signification, so that whatever
explanation may b© given of this discrepancy there
is at least reason for inquiry."
Then, again, at a later stage I said:
" I wish an explanation. Senators about me,
perhaps, are prepared to give it. If so, I shall lis-
ten with great attention and respect. No one can
auestion the importance of such a discrepancy, and
le necessity of explaining it."
Now, I submit to my friend, a discussion of
three days to explain that discrepancy shows
that there was occasion for inquiry.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought my friend from
Indiana yielded to me and I have been trying
to get the floor, but I have been subjected, as
poor old General Scott was, to "a fire in the
rear" from two gentlemen, Now, with the
permission of my friend from Indiana, while
We are on this topic, as this is all I expect to
say on the subject, I wish to call the attention
of the Senate and of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts to this very account. He
and the honorable Senator from Missouri say
that they have been examining the Secretary
of the Treasury in private and that they have
got somewhat mollified. What the Secretary
of the Treasury would say on the subject even
of an apparent discrepancy, as they call it, if
we had him here and wc could examine him,
we do not know; but I take his official leport,
which the honorable Senator stood upon when
he began. Now, listen. Here is the item that
the honorable Senator said showed how much
had befen paid in from the sales of those ord-
nance and ordnance stores during the year
ending July 1, 1871, under the head, on page
277 of the finance report, of "segregated
receipts and expenditures by warrants." Per-
haps the honorable Senator did not attend to
the last word. Then follows a long list of
receipts; among others—
On account of ordnanco and ordnance
stores $8,286,131 70
On account of collecting and drilling
volunteers  16,675 99
On account of national armories  629,094 72
Now, then, if you will turn to the preceding
paragraph, which brings in and introduces
these items, on page 274, you will find this
said by the Treasurer, who makes this report:
"Hepay covering warrants represent repayments
of money advanced to disbursing officers, and pro-
ceeds of sales of stores, both of which arc credited
to the appropriations from which the moneys wero
advanced.
" Transfer and counter warrants represent moneys
which have been advanced from one appropriation
and expended on account of another. The moneys
are afterward charged to the proper appropria-
tions on transfer warrants, and credited back on
counter warrants to the appropriations from which
they were advanced. These warrants are now issued
only in the settlement of old accounts arising during
the war."
You will pay attention to that, sir. Now,
then, come the entries, which he thus ex-
plains :
"Recipts and expenditures by warrants, less
counter and transfer warrants."
Those are credits on account of various
heads of disbursement. Then Come—
" Receipts and expenditures by ledger.
"The actual receipts during the fiscal year, as per
cash ledger, were as follows."
Then follows a list, and at the bottom, the
last item in the list, is this entry: "War,
(repayments,) $11,469,646'60," which the
Treasurer of the United States expressly states-
represents moneys received into the Treasnry
for that fiscal year from the proceeds of the
sales of Army stores and from money repaid
by disbursing officers whose accounts were
settled and who went out of service or finished
up their business. Therefore, it is' not in the
warrant entry of $8,286,131 70 which Sena-
tors have alluded to, and which the Treasurer
says merely represents a balance on the books
of the Treasury without the passage of a dol-
lar in settling the ordnance accounts of the
Army, that this money is to be found, but it
is to be found as a part of the $11,469,646 60,
which stands under the head of " waT repay-
ments," being the gross amount in cash re-
ceived in the Treasury that year from the sale
of stores and from the balances repaid by dis-
bursing officers whose accounts were settled
and closed. The Senators could say how
much of this represents ordnance stores in the
way of aggregating the account, and how
much pay we do not know ; but, on the face
of it, it is in excess of the whole ordnance
sales, and the other item, as I have said, does
not necessarily have the slightest connection
with the subject.
Mr. SCHURZ. Now, I appeal to the can-
dor of the Senator from Vermont whether on
the face of it that part of the sum of eleven
millions represented by ordnance does not
appear under the head of "ordnance stores?"
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not at all. 1 tell
the honorable Senator if he will only go to his
expert that has been employed, -or employ two
or three more who can understand book-keep-
ing enough to read the English language and
understand it, the Treasurer of the United
States tells him that all these entries, as any-
body can see they are, representing eight hun-
dred millions of operations of the Treasury,
are not entries of cash received aud e.xpeuded
at all, but only the double entries in books in
squaring up old accounts, and he says that
the actual money that comes into the Treas-
ury from this source is represented in this
account under the head of "repayments."
Then, if the Senator will look at "repay-
ments" he will find it to be so. That is all
I want to say.
Mr. MORTON. It seems that the issue is
somewhat changed. The issue is not now
whether there was a discrepancy or not, be-
cause it is admitted there was and is none;
but the issue now is whether there were such
circumstances as justified the statement of a
suspicion on this floor. It has been said in
the course of this discussion, and it is stated
in this resolution, that a good deal of ammu-
nition was sold; but the ammunition thus far
presented in this case seems to be blank and
not very valuable.
To come back to the consideration of this
resolution, it may be stated that there is a
necessity for the sale of arms and ammunition
on the part of our Government. All great
Governments are selling arms and ammuni-
tion from time to time. At the end of the
war we had immense quantities of arms and
munitions for which we had no use and for
which we had no storehouses. I am told that
the Government had many thousands of bar-
rels of powder, and that most of this powder
is now stored in forts on the sea-coast, and is
undergoing rapid deterioration ; and it is a
matter of more importance to the Government
to sell powder speedily even than to sell arms,
because the arms will keep better than the
powder.
In 1866 the Government constructed breech-
loading arms. In 1868 those arms were dis-
carded, a new patent was adopted, and the
first breech-loaders constructed were for sale,
and these were the arms that were sold to
France. We had immense numbers of mus-
ketsj of Springfield rifles, and arms of every
description, for which we had no use. New
models had been ordered. We had thrown
these old arms asido as worthless, and it was
important for the Government to get some-
thing for thom. They became more worthless
from year to year, because as the improvement
of arms went on we could not sell the arms
without cartridges. Parties buying had no
use for them unless they had ammunition.
We had the powder and the lead, but the per-
sons who bought the arms had no arsenals in
which to work up these materials into car-
tridges. Hence we had to make the cartridges
if we did not have them, in order to sell the
guns, and in order to sell this powder that was
rapidly deteriorating.
The Senator from Missouri yesterday, I
thought, was driven to special pleading. He
said there was power to sell arms and ammu-
nition, but there was no power to authorize
the manufacture of ammunition for sale. I
thought that point was very fine and far-fetched.
There is a general authority to manufacture
ammunition at all times and to prepare fixed
ammunition ; and if the Government has the
powder, and cannot sell it as powder, but can
sell it as cartridges, there is a general author-
ity to prepare it in the form of cartridges.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator knows the stat-
ute authorizing the sale of arms.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; I have it here.
Mr. SCHURZ. , Permit me to refer to it-:
" That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to cause to be sold, after
offer at public sale on thirty days'notice, in such
manner and at such times and places, at public or
privato sale, as he may deem most advantageous to
the public interest"—
Now let us see what—
"the old cannon, arms, and other ordnance stores
now in possession of the War Department which
are damaged or otherwise unsuitable for the United
States military service or for the militia of the Uni-
ted States," <&c.
Now, I should like to know whether ammu-
nition which has not yet been manufactured is
damaged ordnance stores?
Mr. MORTON. Expressly and directly com-
ing within the meaning and purview and pur-
pose of this statute. As I before stated, here
are many thousand barrels of powder, and if
the Senator will go to the ordnance office he
will find reports coming up from arsenals and
forts stating that the powder is rapidly deteri-
oration and being ruined. I was informed by
the ordnance officer yesterday that he had just
received a report that nearly all the powder in
one fort had cakcd or was destroyed. The
purpose of this statute was to authorize the
sale of these stores for which we have no use,
and to prevent their total destruction. But the
Senator insists that before we can sell the
powder we must wait until it is damaged so
that we cannot sell it at all. That is the logic
of his argument.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator yield
once more?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. SCHURZ. Powder used for cartridges
must necessarily be good powder. If cartridges
are manufactured out of bad powder, it is a
cheat upon those who buy them. Now, I
should like to know from the Senator from
Indiana whether powder fit to manufacture
cartridges out of can be classed under the
head of "damaged or otherwise unsuitable
ordnance stores for the United States military
service?1'
Mr. MORTON. I submit to the Senator
that that is standing upon words. The Sena-
tor insists that unless the powder is damaged
we cannot sell it under this statute. If it is
damaged, wo cannot sellit at all. Therefore, in
order to sell this powder before it is lost to us,
(and we are losing powder, I am told, by the
hundreds of barrels now from year to year be-
cause we have not sold it) we must wait until it
is destroyed by moisture and by lapse of time,
and then, when we cannot sell it at all, we have
authority in this statute to sell it. That is
