2860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
Maine  $555 35
Minnesota  5tf) 60
Kansas    518 36
Kentucky    457 46
Louisiana  444 51
West Virginia  431 32
Tennessee  395 S9
Virginia  331 31
Arkansas  322 81
Snuth Carolina  294 99
Mississippi  252 67
North Carolina  243 39
Florida  235 23
Georgia  2i6 47
Alabama  202 40
Texas    194 30
Compare these tables and observe the accu-
mulation of wealth in manufacturing States
like Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connec-
ticut, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey, and it
is not difficult to comprehend where the bene-
fits of tariff bounties are received.
DUTIES INCUEASK PRICE.
But, gentlemen say, "You assume that the
duty increases the price. We deny it. Thecon-
sumer pays no higher for his goods by reason
of the present tariff." Absurd as the state-
ment appears, it is asserted with a boldness
that marks sincerity of conviction.
Manufacturers themselves insist that the
material they consume is increased in price
to the exient of the tariff duties. Protection-
ists admit it to be true as to articles wholly
produced abroad. These they consent shall
be free, to make them cheaper. Why would
not the duty enhance the price upon articles
produced both at home and abroad? The
object of a protective duly is to increase the
price, if it does not, how is the domestic
producer beneliied? A reduction of duties is
asked only to reduce prices. The gentlemen
from Pennsylvania and Tennessee concede it,
or otherwise why do they take ten per cut. off
of the present rate of certain duties? Statistics
show it. The true method of ascertaining the
effect of duties is not to select particular years
and exceptional prices, but. to take the average
price during different tariff rates.
The Treasury reports give prices 011 lead-
ing articles from 1825 to 1803. The average
prices on salt and rates of duties were as fol-
lows:
Sail. Dutv.cenU Liverpool * T"rk'"
per Imnlu-l. wpoot. j,i,uui *
1825 to 1830   20 234 501
18,'il'tolsJiZ" 10 177t 37!
1842 to 1846  8 1391 321
1846 to 1857  6 1241 2fli
1857 to 1861  3 77 19
I give no quotations for the last decade, as
the price should be reduced to gold for a fair
comparison; but the tariff duties amount to
ten cents per bushel on salt in bulk and thir-
teen and a half cents in bags, and the price
of Turk's Island has ranged from thirty-eight
to forty-two cents.
Evidence might be multiplied. Here is the
statement of J\Ir. Samuel Fay, superintend-
ent of the Lowell Manufacturing Company,
Massachusetts, at the second joint conven-
tion of wool-growers and manufacturers held
December 20, 1871. I read from page 55
of the March number of the Bulletin of the
Wool-Growers' and Manufacturer;)' Associa-
tion. Mr. Fay observes:
?c"ing prices of ingrain car-
Ma4Wk° ' a cos^ °f labor, in the years of
18b0 and 18/0 the prices of the latter year being re-
duced to gold which averaged 114.94, shows an in-
nreNSO4fcu|0 ,37,-71 ,Pe-r CenL in. Prio« o"ca?-
°°St0t W°01' and 48"99
it has been asserted and repeated until per-
haps believed that a reduction of duties results
id an advance in prices abroad. Where duties
on a single article have been diminished, and
subsequently a temporary rise in the price of
that article has occurred, it has been insisted
that the reduction of ihe duty occasioned the
advance. Even in cases of a general rise in
prices affecting ail commodities the general
fact is overlooked, and the article upon which
* Average price.
duties have been reduced is pointed out as
proof I hat prices abroad go up when duties
are lowered. The duty upon pig iron was re-
duced two years ago two dollars per ton. Pig
iron and all iron have lately advanced. This
has been claimed as another proof of the
assertion that the duty does not increase the
price. The fact is disregarded thai all prices,
wages, fabrics, metals, &c., have advanced in
England and on the continent; that unlock-
ing and distributing through Germany gold
hoarded in the Bauk of France has inflated
prices 5 that the demand to supply the waste of
war is exceedingly heavy in both those nations ;
that their own disordered industries are unable
to supply home wants as readily as heretofore,
and the drain upon Great Britain is unusually
large. The real cause of the advance here is
stated in the report of the secretary of the
Bar-Iron Association, which is as follows :
"Iron—The convention of the Rational Associa-
tion of Bar-iron Msmulacturers at the same time
was also 111 session at parlor C, Continental Hotel,
James I. Bennett, esq., m the chair; Thomas Dun-
lap, etq., secretary.
" Mr. Dunhip, secretary, then read a voluminous
report, giving statistics of the production and con-
sumption ot iron throughout the world, irom 1870 to
1871, as compared with the ptevious years, and the
comparison of the wages paid 111 Europe and Amer-
ica ; the number ot iurn.ice? and iron-works in Eng-
land and the United States, and the number of
laborers employed. The production of pig iron in
the United States tor 1871 will probably not exceed
J.boO.UOO tons, or 230,001) ton?, le-f than would have
been the case had it not been for the strike of the
lrimeis 111 Pennsylvania 111 1S71, during which period
thirty fuinaixs were out ot blast.
Ihe (iunsinnption ot iron is rapidly increasing,
and 111 aii probability tor 1872 it will be Irom ten to
twenty per ceot. great er than ior 3871; in otn<*r words,
groatir than the world will bo «iblo 10 supply.
In the United tSrnte^' the production of wrought
iron tor 18<0 was ii_0,000 tons r.uts; other than iail>
ih}, 1)00 torn., or a total of 1,330,OUO 101^. The return
tor 1^1. although not tall, is expectcd to be larger
than that ot 18,0, which was a total ot 1.400,000 tons,
ihe number ot roliiug-mills in the United States is
between two and three hundred. The production
ot wrought, iron {or 1871 was somewhat interfered
with by the coal strikes."
\Y e have been repeatedly told that ultimately
protected articles would be produced in our
own country as cheaply as abroai; that pro-
tection might be withdrawn, and the industries
grown to strength and maturity would be able
to maintain themselves against foreign com-
petition. lias not that favorable time now
arrived? Within the last year, by reason of
the disturbance of business on the continent,
prices in foreign markets of all commodities
have largely advanced, and goods cannot be im-
ported as cheaply as heretofore. These high
rates of duties were imposed as temporary
compensation for the internal taxes since
l epealed. not possible to make a reduc-
tion since^ the Ireasury no longer requires high
vates for its necessities ? The Secretary in his
report shows that a large reduction can be made
without impairing the ability of the Govern-
ment to meet all anticipated demands.
Taxation ought to be reduced to the lowest
point consistent with the national credit. A
plethoric Treasury is a fruitful source of ex-
travagance. Until the surplus is diminished the
doors ot Congress will be besieged for subsidies
and bounties by greedy schemers, seeking to
appropriate the public treasure for private gain
He find two systems of taxation, the customs
and internal revenue; the one collecting in the
next fiscal year, according to the Secretary's
estimates, §212,000,000, and the other $126 -
000,000, aud with other sources of revenue
permitting the payment of $50,000,000 upon
the national debt, including the sinking fund
and a reduction of $36,000,000 ; thus raising
at least $o7,000,000 more than is required by
the absolute necessities of the Government
Neither system will alone yield sufficient rev-
enue. Upon which and where can conceded
reductions be most judiciously and advantage-
ously applied? ®
To continue the enormous bounties secured
by present duties, an effort is being made to
throw all the reductions upon the internal
revenue and place upon the free list all arti-
cles that afford revenue without protection.
In furtherance of this object clamor has been
rai sed fro m time to time against the internal
revenue system. 1 have not time to enter at
large upon the discussion of the relative ad-
vantages and disadvantages of the Customs and
internal revenue systems. It is conceded on
all sides that both must to some extent be
maintained.
TAXATION OF TIJE SYSTEMS.
First, internal revenue taxation falls upon
luxuries and non-essentials, and the expendi-
tures arid the means of the rich. Customs
duties chiefly tax articles of absolute necessity,
comfurt,. or utility. Tobacco and spirits are
increased in price by the one, food and cloth-
ing by the other. The internal revenue pays
to the Treasury the full amount that it takes
from the peopK A high protective tariff does
not fill the exchequer, but the pockets of the
manufacturers. The perfection of an internal
revenue tax is attained when the greatest
amount is secured to the national Treasury by
the least diversion. That protective tariff is
the most efficient which exacts the heaviest
contribution from the people with the least
advantage to the public revenues. The taxa-
tion of the internal revenue is seen and known;
customs taxation may be excessive, and yet
invisible.
COMPARATIVE COST OF THE SYSTEMS.
Extravagant and erroneous statements have
been made in regard to the cost of the internal
revenue system. It has been charged with
! keeping an army of officers. The books of
the Treasury Department show that it has in
the past collected bs portion of the revenues
at a_ less per cent, of expenditure than is
required by the customs or State and local
taxes, and fewer employes are required by
the internal revenue than by the customs
revenue.
Ihe Secretary of the Treasury informed the
House at this session that daring the last fiscal
year there were, not including those in eiiher
case in the bureaus, employed in collecting
the customs, 4,409 persons, and in collecting
the internal revenue 4,171 ; of the latter ot
whom 987 were gaugers, specially employed
and paid by the distillers or rectifiers, and 367
surveyors, since discharged, leaving the real
force at only 2.817 men. Second, the internal
revenue ofliceis are appointed by the Depart-
ment and distributed through the country,
while m the customs revenue we find from
the same^statement 1,235 subordinates in New
I ork, 507 in Boston, 304 m New Orleans, 229
m.i 't'mo^e> "09 in San Francisco, and 249 in
1 huadelpbia, each appoinled by and depend-
ent for the tenure of his office upon the col-
lector of the port. The Secretary's statements,
ho ■ i • ^Xecu"ve Documents Nos. 39 and
139 of this session, show the cost of collecting
the customs, including expenses for revenue-
cutter service and customs buildings, "'shares
2n ^c'' 'or ^le 'ast fiscal year, was
©9,012,199 51 ; while, for the last calendar
yeai, the statements show the whole expenses
1"t'erDal revenue, including the expenses
ot the bureau in Washington and amount of
shares of fines, were $5,835,128. The inter-
nal revenue cost 4 05 per cent, of the amount
it collected, and the customs 4.37 per cent, of
its collections.
These figures show that notwithstanding the
era ty attacks upon it the internal revenue sys-
tem is less expensive, less corrupting to the
civi service, employs less force, and imposes
less taxation and burdens upon industry.
REDUCTION OP DUTIES.
There is great unanimity upon the question
S re' clnS duties. The President and the
Secretary of the Treasury recommend it. The
press advocate and the people demand it. The
Committee of Ways and Means agree upon this
point, and each member seems to vie with the
otner m making the greatest strides in that
direction. For what purpose is this reduc-
