172
THE COJNTGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
The chairman of the Committee on Commerce
has examined the matter. It merely suspends
for six months a restriction as to barges on the
Mississippi river, a restriction that is perfectly
impossible. It has passed the House of Rep-
rC86TltitiyGS
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state that it is
fully understood.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the present consideration of this
joint resolution ? The Chair hears none.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think there is no objec-
tion to it.
The Chief Clerk read the joint resolution,
as follows :
Resolved, &c.. That the provisions of the act enti-
tled "An act to provide for the better security oflife
on vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,"
&c.. approved February 28,1871, so far as they relate
to the limitation ofsteam pressure of steamboats used
exclusively for towing and carrying freight on the
Mississippi river and its tributaries, are hereby so
far modified as to institute for such boats one hun-
dred and fifty pounds of steam pressure in place of
one hundred and ten pounds, as provided in said
act, for the standard pressure upon steamboat boil-
ers of forty-two inches diameter and of plates of
one fourth inch in thickness; but such boats may,
with the written permit of the supervising inspector
of the district in which such boats shall carry on
their business, for a period of six months from and
after the passage of thisjointresolution, be permit-
ted to carry steam above the standard pressure of
one hundred and ten pounds, but not exceeding the
standard pressure of one hundred and fifty pounds
to the square inch,
Mr. CHANDLER. It applies only to tugs.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suppose it is useless,
after the Committee on Commerce have yielded
on this point, for anybody else to make any
opposition, and so I merely lise to say that I
think this a bill which ought never to pass.
To allow to be carried one hundred and fifty
pounds to the square inch on the boiler of
anything except a locomotive which is on land,
and the explosion of which will injure nobody
but the people who run it. usually, is, in mv opin-
ion. a wrong to the public. The explosion of
a tug frequently endangers the lives of hun-
dreds of individuals who are not responsible
for its management; but I suppose it is entirely
useless to object, and I rise merely in order to
express rav dissent from any such proportion.
Mr. THURMAN. I am sure that if my
friend had seen the tugs which are used on
the Ohio and Mississipiii he would not make
the statements which he has submitted to the
Senate. They are most serviceable boats, car- !
rying no passengers, towing barges, and by I
their use and the towage of the barges they
reduce the freights on the heavy articles of
coal and salt. I should think twenty per cent,
or nearly so—that is a mere estimate of mine—•
below what they would otherwise be. I think !
the universal feeling on the part of those en- !
gaged in the business, as well as those who are j
their customers, is in favor of this resolution ;
and it was a mere oversight that it was not ]
provided for in the bill of last year. !
Mr. SCO'CT. It was believed by those who !
drew that bill, and were instrumental in having i
it passed, that the regulation with reference to •
the pressure upon the steam boilers would not
apply to steam tug-boats upon the western j
waters. It was not intended to apply to them,
and the practical effect of applying it to them
now is to virtually lay an embargo, a blockade. !
upon a very large fleet of tow-boats upon the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers. I am informed
by those who are interested in the business that
there are hundreds of thousands of tons of !
iron ore lying at Carondelet that cannot be !
brought up the river for the reason that this j
restriction imposed upon the steam tow-boats >
disables them in reality from bringing a cargo 1
up the river. I presented this morning a large '
number of petitions from all classes of persons !
interested in this business, asking that this re- ;
striction be removed, and since I presented I
them I have received another large bundle of j
petitionsaskingthatthis restriction be removed. '
The parties in interest desire that it be removed: |
and if we adjourn over the Christmas recess j
without granting this relief we inflict a very I
great injury on the business interests of the j
Ohio and Mississippi valleys. |
Mr. THURMAN. I ought to have stated j
one fact: that before the passage of this act j
the tug-boats were accustomed to use one j
hundred and sixty pounds of steam to the j
square inch, and I believe I may safely affirm i
that such a thing as a tug-boat exploding on '
the Ohio or Missississipi river never was ;
heard of. They are the strongest vessels that
are built.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know whether
anything will explode on the Ohio or Missis-
sippi river. I see that there have been some
explosions in the West, lately too, perhaps not
exactly on those rivers.
Mr. THURMAN. They were not tugs.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not say what they !
were. But, Mr. President, everybody who has ;
studied the question of navigation by steam, !
and who knows that these tugs go into crowded •
harbors, lying alongside of piers where hun- !
dreds and sometimes thousands of people are
jj within the reach of destruction if they do ex- ;
]j plode, will never consent, in order to increase '
the carrying of coal or iron, to exposing the i
lives of citizens to such a risk as this is. There i
• is no difficulty in getting plenty of motive j
ji power if you adjust your machinery and boilers
'•j to proper relations to each other, with a pres- !
|l sure of one hundred pounds instead of one ;
i hundred and ten, as the law now allows; but :
j the trouble is that these people have built their 1
'! boilers so small that they cannot make steam ]
j fast enough without crowding on a heat that is
perfectly frightful.
: I, for one, will never consent, having in ]
, i charge in part the lives as well as the profits
j! of the people of the United States, to author- i
,, ize any man or set of men to expose the
' lives of their fellow-citizens in the towns and .
;i in these tows to such immeasurable risk as the
passage of a bill of this kind will. But, as I
'! say, after my good friend from Michigan, who
i knows just as well as I do, and he will teil
you so, that this is taking a prodigious risk,
Ji has yielded, I have no expectation that the
Senate will take my view about it. I only wish
; to say that I shall vote against it.
i The joint resolution was reported to the
• Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that a joint resolu- /
! tion?
Mr. CONKLINGr and others. It ought to !
be changed to a bill. !'
Mr. TRUMBULL. It ought to be changed
to a bill; we have a law on that subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This is a
House joint resolution, aud can only be
changed by an amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Whether it be a House
resolution or not, we have agreed not to pass
any more. ,
Mr. SHERMAN. It ought to be changed •
to a b-,11 and sent back to the House for con- ij
currence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The joint
resolution is subject to amendment.
Mr. 1RUMBULL. I move to amend it so .
as to make it a bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The que?- ;■
tion is on the amendment of the Senator irom
Illinois. i'
The amendment was agreed to. [,
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and ji
read the third time. i;
Mr. EDMUNDS asked for a division on the !
passage of the bill; which resulted—ayes 33, 1
noes 13. I,
So the bill was passed. I!
POSTAL LAWS. |
The bill (H. R. No. 1) to revise, consolid- !i
ate, and amend the statutes relating to the j'
Post Office Department was read twice by its
title. , j
Mr. HAMLIN. Let that bill be referred to i'
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Eoads. ii
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have a Committee on li
the Revision of the Laws. This is a revisal
of the code; it ought to go to the Committee
on the Revision of the Laws.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well,
i Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Revision of
' the Laws.
! The motion was agreed to.
| UBRAIUAN'S REPORT.
; Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask leave to
submit the annual report of the Librarian of
Congress; and I make the ordinary motion
that the usual number of copies be printed,
' and five hundred extra copies for the use of
the Librarian.
i The motion was agreed to.
; COMMITTEE ON RETRENCHMENT.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on the passage of the resolution
offered by the Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Anthony.]
i Mr. POOL. I rise to say that if this com-
. mittee is raised I shall ask the Senate to excuse
me from serving upon it, and I think I shall
be able to give the Senate reasons for it that
, will induce them to excuse me. I thought it
■ proper, perhaps, that I should give that notice
, now before the question is taken.
: The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the resolution offered
by the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a resolution to
' appoint certain Senators as the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will report the resolution.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows :
Reiohed, That the Committee of Investigation
and Ketrenchment be composed of the following
Senators: Mr. Buckixoham. ichairman.iMr. Pratt,
Mr. Howe, ilr. Harlan'. Mr. Stewart, Mr. Pool,
Mr. Bayard, and Mr. Casserly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend that
resolution by adding these words:
And that said Committee of Investigation and
Retrenchment be instructed to inquire into the ex-
penditures in all branches of the service of the Uni-
ted States, and to report whether any and what
offices ought to be abolished : whether any and what
salaries orallow^nces ought to be redueed : what are
the methods of procuring accountability m public
officers or agents in the earo and disbursement of
public moneys: whether moneys have been paid out
illegally: whether any officers, or agents or other
persons have been, or are. employed in the public
service without authority of law or unnecessarily ;
and generally how, and to what extent, the ex-
penses of the service of the country may and ought
to be curtailed.
And also to consider the expediency of so amend-
ing the laws under which appointmciH'to the public
service arc now made as to provide for withdrawing
the public servi< c li\>m beiiis used as an instrument
of political or party pan-uiiagc.
That said committee be authorized to sit during
the recess of Centre-s, to send tor per-ons and oaper-,
and to report by bill or ottterwi-e; and th.it aaid
committee may appoint a clerk.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, it has been .
said here to day that the country believes from
what has taken place in the Senate in the course
of this discussion then; is -unae gn.at corrup-
tion existing in this Administration, and that
there was a majority of the Republicans in the
Senate who wereatraid tohave it investigated,
arid who are working to eovec if up. Those
Senators who have said this nr>y believe it to
be true, but I for one desire to say that I think
the country believes no •■•ueli a thing. Thciv
is a great deal of intelligence in the country,
and I think the people will put a very di ferent.
estimate on tl lis whole prnrei-d n#. un-ii ho f.u*
from imputing to the majority ot' th;* Senate
a desire to cover up fraud anil proti-ri (lim-
inals and to prevent invent tgati m they will
be apt to suppose that there have been "other
motives and other put-po-en at work.
It is rather an ungtacious business, I should
suppose, to attempt to cast suspicion upon any
of the, members of this Senate or a inajon'y
of them : and yet it cannot be denied that dur-
ing the course of this discussion, from the tinfe it
fir.it commenced, there has been a deliberate
attempt to make au impression upon the eoun-
