1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3757
same as your arms ? On his theory why should
not the Government raise its own corn and
fatten its own pork? Why not carry out the
whole theory? Why do you say it is absolutely
necessary the Government should manufacture
its own arms and keep up all these extensive
establishments ?•
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman, who is a
graduate from the Military Academy at West
Point, ought to understand the reason why.
He ought not to ask a question like that. It
is because arms, muskets, cannon, and all the
munitions of war are only used by the Gov-
ernment. Boots and shoes are another thing.
Mr. SLOCUM. I wish to answer that ques-
tion. The very best arms used in any country
are made in private factories. All the arms used
by Prussia in the recent war against France
were made by private manufacturers. The
best arms in this country are made by private
manufacturers.
Mr. RANDALL. Where were the arms
made that the French used against the Prus-
sians? [Laughter.]
Mr. SLOCUM. By the Remingtons, of
Connecticut.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to ask the
gentleman from New York whether the very
best arms we had during the late war were not
manufactured by private manufacturers ?
Mr. SLOCUM. "Certainly they were. I
have no doubt two thirds or three fourths
used by us during the late war were made by
private manufacturers.
'£he CHAIRMAN". The Chair cannot per-
mit so many gentlemen to debate the question
at the same time.
Mr. SLOCUM. I am entitled to the floor.
Is the gentleman from Massachusetts answered
011 that question ?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly not. It is no
answer.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COX. I move to insert after the nine
hundred and forty-eighth line the following:
Watervliet arsenal, West Troy. New York: for
repairiug public buildings, $1,500.
That was stricken out from this bill by mis-
take. It was not understood, I am sure. I
wish to say in defense of the appropriation
that it is necessary for the protection of the
public property there. There is an immense
amount of stores belonging to the Govern-
ment there, and we should do something to
protect them and keep this building there. I
make the appropriation $1,500 to keep the
buildings in repair where there, is so much
public property stored.
Mr. HOLMAN, That same proposition was
stricken out.
Mr. COX. Not the same one, for I have
cut it down to $1,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Contingencies of arsenals: for repairs of smaller
arsenals, and to meet such unforeseen expenditures
at arsenals as accidents or other contingencies dur-
ing the year may render necessary, $10,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike that out.
After having appropriated many hundred thou-
sands of dollars for these arsenals we are now
asked in addition to appropriate $10,000 for
contingencies. I hope it will be stricken out.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 50, noes 46; no quorum voting.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
a word.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the point that
debate is not in order, as the committee is
dividing.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not
sustain the point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. - The appropri-
ation of $10,000 for contingencies for all the
twenty-three arsenals in therUmted States to
meet unavoidable accidents in the event of ex-
plosions or anything of that sort is the smallest
sura this House can with any sense of propri-
ety give for this purpose. We have specifically
appropriated, for definite, specific purposes, the
sums named. Now, for accidents and contin-
gencies which have always been provided for
in a clause like this we have reduced the
appropriation to $30,000, and this the gen-
tleman proposes shall be stricken out. So if
there should be an explosion in any one of
our arsenals, an end of a building blown out,
an explosion of a boiler, an engine blown up,
a flue collapsed, there would not be a dollar
appropriated to repair the accident.
Mr. HOLMAN. If an explosion should
occur in any of these arsenals except three
it would be providential; but it would be one
of those happy events which do not often
occur. I oppose any appropriation of $10,000
which any man who chooses can get disposed
of without any accountability to Congress.
The CHAIRMAN. No quorum having
voted on the division, the Chair will order
tellers, and appoints the gentleman from
Indiana, Mr. 11 oI.MAX, and the gentleman
from Ohio, Mr. Garfield.
The committee again divided; and the
tellers reported—ayes 34, noes 91.
So the motion to strike out the paragraph
was disagreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I offer the follow-
ing amendment to come in after the paragraph
which was last read:
Provided, That no money appropriated by this
act shall be paid as commissions on any labor or
materials furnished to the United States, and all
materials tor buildings or repairs for buildings,
shall, after advertisement, be purchased in the city
where the same shall be needed, whenever pos-
sible.
It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, very much
better to require that the materials which may
be needed for these various works should be,
as far as possible, purchased at the point where
they are needed. When that is done people
know the price; the subject is canvassed and
talked about, and if too large a price is paid it
is known. This would prevent the purchase
of materials at a great distance, and the very
considerable expense of shipping them and
bringing them to the point where they are to
be used.
As regards pubKc buildings, there are none
of them erected except in cities.
Mr. PETERS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman a modification of his amendmeut by
inserting the word " practicable " instead of
the word "possible."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I accept that modi-
fication. As I was remarking, public build-
ings are always erected in cities, and materials
for repairing and improving these buildings
are almost always to be obtained on the spot
where builders get the materials for other
buildings, if you invite proposals for those
materials as they are required to be invited by
general law in other Departments. Every
quartermaster invites proposals in that way,
as you can see by taking up the Washington
papers any day. You will see the adver-
tisements in which they invite proposals for
grain, hay, &e., to be supplied at various
points in the United States.
So, as it regards public buildings, invitations
should be issued for proposals, and materials
should be obtained, wherever that is possible,
in the city or place where the work is to be
done, where the people know what the work
is worth and what the materials are worth
according to the market price; and where
there is a market price for them well established
in the locality, you will always get building
materials the cheapest. 1 offer the amend-
ment in good faith.
Mr. GARBTELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Illinois proposes an amendment that in
relation to all public buildings provided for in
the arsenals the materials therefor shall be
obtained in the cities where the buildings are
to be erected. 1 wish to say that in all this
bill there is but one case in whieh buildings
are authorized to be constructed in an arsenal,
and that ia the Rock Island arsenal, which is
not situated in a city, but on an island. Now,
it seems to me that the amendment of the gen-
tleman is utterly nugatory. as it relates to
these arsenals. These appropriations are for
care and repairs, and it would be absurd to
require advertisements and bids for every little
repair, costing perhaps $l,000or$500 or $200.
In many instances what the Government wants
is peculiar machinery that perhapis the Gov-
ernment can get nowhere but in New York.
It seems to me that this provision would em-
barrass the operations of the War Department,
and do no good in the world; for, as I have
shown, there is but one arsenal, that at Rock
Island, where any public buildings are to be
erected during the coming year, and that is
not in a city at all.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman's
remarks are very well, but they do not apply
to my amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly they do.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman did
not notice the reading of the amendment. It
only requires that this shall do done where it
is practicable. I wish to apply this principle
to all public buildings. -
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It seems to me
that it is as much as to say that the Secretary
of War and the different officers of the Gov-
ernment who have charge of public buildings
are not to be trusted in this matter. We are
to assume that they are going off to distant
places to get the material, and are so mis-
managing matters that we must restrain them.
I do not think the gentleman means that, but
it seems to me that his amendment has that
effect.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
the last word. As I have said before, no
quartermaster is allowed to purchase supplies
for the Army without advertising. There is a
general law requiring that they shall advertise.
They always do it. Now, my amendment merely
requires that these materials wherever practi-
cable shall be purchased at the place where
they are to be used, and if it is not practicable
to get the materials there, if what is needed is
some kind of machinery which can only be
obtained somewhere else, of course it will not
be practicable to get it there, and my amend-
ment has no effect. But I desire to hold them
to this rule, that wherever it is practicable in
erecting a public building they shall obtain the
materials they require in the city where the
building is to be erected, that they shall adver-
tise there, where the builders know what the
prices ofarticles are, and where these things are
well understood, and where there is not room
for cheating in prices, as there is room if they
go away to a remotepointaud buy the material
there.
Suppose a public building ia being ejected
at Detroit. Now, if the contractor may go to
Buffalo or New York to purchase the mate-
rials nobody in Detroit knows what he pays for
them, but if he asks for proposals in Detroit
for articles to be delivered in Detroit, the
builders there know what is paid, and they
know what the market price of the article is ;
the matter is canvassed over and talked about.
I think my amendment is in the interest of
economy. It is proper enough that every city
which has the facility should furnish the ma-
terials for the building to be erected in it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my last
amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I renew
it. If I thought this amendment was in the
interest of economy I should vote for it, but
the difficulty I find with it is this : the reason
why public buildings and other public works
cannot be done as cheaply by the Government
as by private individuals is that there are
associations formed to control prices. Now,'
if you require all your buildings to be made
of materials purchased in the city where the
building is there will be combinations Made
there to put up the fries of the articles
