1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
will not pretend that I have any definite inform-
ation of the case he now speaks of.
Mr. CONKLING. First, am I right in say-
ing that Boker & Co. is a German house ?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. That was part of the
statement. Second, am I right in saying that.
Boker & Co. made many bids and bought
ordnance stores of the Government?
Mr. SCHURZ, I see the name of Boker
& Co. on this list.
Mr. CONKLING. Then the Senator is
satisfied I am right about that. Now I inquire
of him, am I wrong in the statement that it
turned out afterward that many goods bought
by Boker & Co. were in truth shipped, not to
France, bat to Germany?
Mr. SCHURZ. I did not say that the Sen-
ator was wrong in. the statement, but I merely'
inquired of him whether he was quite sure that
he was right, lamsomewhat inclined to think
that the statement may be erroneous.
Mr. CONKLING. I am quite sure. Iam
so informed on suck authority that I think I
cannot be in error.
Mr. SCHURZ. I say so from the impres-
sion I received, and, if I may add, from the
conversation I had with the Prussian minister
at the time I referred to in my speech of yes-
terday.
Mr. MORTON. Of course I accept the
Senator's statement, because, he intends to
state just what, he understood from the Prus-
sian legation. Yesterday, however, he did
make a statement that the Prussian legation
had made that proposition to our Government,
but that the Prussian Government afterward
disavowed it. He corrects himself by saying
that Mr. Boker made that request of the Prus-
sian Government through the Prussian lega-
tion here.
But the material point is now to be stated,
that the Prussian Government disavowed itT
the Prussian Government refused to accept of
the proposition; the Prussian Government bad
no use for these arms. It had no objection
whatever to these arms being sold, so that the
French aouldi get them or anybody else. The
Prussian Government did not want them, and
it brings me. back to a statement that I made
awhile ago, that when the Prussian Govern-
ment had no sort of objection to the sale of
those arms, to their being shipped publicly,
for they were shipped publiclyfrom New York
to. Brest and to Havre, if the Prussian Gov-
ernment had any objection to it, having every
means- in its power to make objection from
day to day, I ask why objection should be
made-upon its behalf? The intervention in
behalf of th« Prussian Government is not
desired, and I believe the Senators will not
be thanked for it.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does the Senator from Indi-
ana mean to insinuate that either the Senator
from Massachusetts or myself intervene here
in behalf of the Prussian Government?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir; I do not mean
to say that they are acting on behalf of the
Prussian Government.
Mr. SCHURZ. What does he mean to insin-
uate.?
Mr. MORTON. I mean to say that if the
Prussian. Government found no cause of com-
plaint, did not object to this transaction, there
was no occasion for the Senators to object to
it, and now try to convince the Prussian Gov-
ernment that it has been injured when it did
not know it before.
Mr. SUMNER. I know nobody who is try-
ing to convince the Prussian Government.
We are trying to convince the Senate that
something has been done which ought to be
inquired into, that there is occasion for an in-
vestigation, that there are suspicious circum-
stances tending to show possible corruption
and a violation of our neutral obligations. It
is no question for the Prussian Government.
I am no representative of that Government,
nor is my friend from Missouri. We are Sen-
ators of the United States pleading for the
good name of our own country and wishing to
set it right. •
Mr. MORTON. But Mr. President, if thqy
can convince the Senate that our Government
has violated international law and courtesy,
they will convince the Prussian Government
at the same time, convince the. Prussian Gov-
ernment at the very day that .it is sitting as-
arbiter upon a very important question be-
tween ourselves and the Government of Eng-
land that we have referred to it. Our ease has.
just been submitted to the German Govern-
ment, and if we should now sueeeed in con-
vincing that Government that we have brokea
our international obligations, unless the men.
composing that Government and having that
question in hand are something more than
human, they might have a. little feeling oathe
subject.
Mr. SUMNER. Will my friend allow me
just to ask him now, does he imagine that all
these things are not known already in Prussia
and in Europe generally? Does the Senator
suppose that Prussia will learn anything new
out of this debate?
Mr. MORTON. I assume that the Prussian
Government has known the real facts from
the beginning and has never had the slightest
objection, has never made the slightest com'
plaint, and the Senator cannot, now incense the
Prussian Government against ours unless he
can bring something new to its knowledge,
which I do not believe he can, because there
is nothing iu the whole matter. It was a
blank cartridge in the beginning and this
whole matter reminds me of a story that I
once heard Mr. Lincon toll. A violent assault
had been made on Mr. Lincoln in a newspaper
in the city of New York, and I happened to
be in his presence when the matter was pre-
sented to him. On looking over it he laid
down the paper and said that that reminded
him of a story, to use a phrase very common
with him. He said that two Irishmen had
just come to our country and they took a walk
in the evening, and for the first time in their
lives they heard the cry of the bullrfrog. One
stopped and said to the other, "Jamie, what is
that?" After listening awhile, said he, "Faith,
I believe it is only a noise, " [laughter;] and
that is all there is in this—it is only a noise.
Now, Mr. President, in connection with the
statement made by the Senator from Missouri,
I wish to make a statement that was brought
to my knowledge this morning. The Senator
says that the Prussion legation telegraphed
to Germany in regard to these arms, and the
Prussian Government did not want them. I
was informed this morning by the other Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, not now in his seat,
[Mr. Wilson,] that while in Europe this sum-
mer he saw a letter from Bismarck written in
answer to a dispatch sent to him. That dis-
patch stated that the arms which were sold by
the Government of the United States to private
parties could be bought from those parties by
the Prussian Government at an advance of
fifteen per cent., and also suggested the ques-
tion whether such a sale made by our Govern-
ment to parties here was not in violation of
international law, to which Count Bismarck
replied that it was not in violation of interna-
tional law, and they did not want the arms at
that price or at any other price, because they
could get them cheaper by taking them from
the French on the banks of the Loire. I am
advised such a letter was written by Count
Bismarck.
Mr. SCHURZ. Did the Senator mean to
inform the Senate that he had authoritative
information of any such correspondence ?
Mr. MORTON. I give the authority as I
got it.
Mr. SCHURZ. The authority, then, seems
to consist in this: that some one told him.
Who was it ?
Mr. MORTON. Ah, sir, after the long
string of vague and faint and fd,r-fetched sus-
picions, and a reference to- evidence and' to
statements iu French newspapers, and what,
A said to B and G said to D, that has com-
posed the stock and the staple of the speech.eS.
of the Senators on the other sideftheyww
want me to produce, Count Bismarck's dis-
patch, or else, my statement is not to ibe,
received! I shall refer to the o.ther Senator,
from Massachusetts when he comes in and
takes his seat. If! the Senators want specific
documentary evidence, that .suggestion ought;
to have occurred to their minds- befose they
made their speeches, before they brought. to:
the attention of the country this Jong, atriftg
of suspicions that have finally faded into aiiv
of which nothing is left.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senate be kind
enough to pointout to me any important point
in my speech that ia not based on .documentary
evidence? , ,
Mr. MORTON. I cannot undertake:, to
rehearse the Senator's speech. I refer to the
general character of it. The Senate has heard
it, and it is in the Globe. As I said before,, the
country will understand that this whole move-
ment is intended to affect the sentiments, and
feelings of our German fellow-citizens. I do
not believe the purpose will he accomplished.
The Germans of this country, as a class, are
intelligent men and educated people. They
think tor themselves, and they understand re-
markably well the politics of this country, the
policy and the character of our Government.
And I want to say another thing right here,
that the Germans of this: country do not belong
to anybody. . They cannot be carried iu any-
body's breeches pockets, I do not care ho.w
capacious those pockets are. They-cannot be
used as stock in trade. They cannot- be -led
from one party to another at the whim or
caprice of politicians. They stand by their
principles, and they cannot be driven -from
the support of their principles by being made
to believe that this Administration contributed
in some way, by the improper sale of arms, .to
the aid of France during the late war.
So far as that war was concerned, it is a
notorious fact that the sympathy of the Repub-
lican party, aa a general thing, was in favor
of Germany and against France; and it . is
equally notorious that the sympathy of .the
Democratic party was for France and against
Germany. I need not now go into the reasons
why the sympathies of the two parties ran in
different directions. I may state two or three
of them. One was that the liberal sentiments
of the Germans of this country and of Europe
accorded far more with the sentiments of the
Republican than with those of the Demo-
cratic party. Another reason was that Louis
Napoleon, who was the Government of France,
was a usurper; he had overturned a republic,
and he had made the war himself; he had
declared war against Germany without ade-
quate and proper cause. We all understand
that; and it was for all these reasons, and
others that might be enumerated, that the
general sympathies of the Republican party
were with the Germans. There were particu-
lar reasons why the Democratic party gen-
erally sympathized with the other side.. I
might refer you to the columns of the New
York World, the leading Democratic paper,
throughout the war for evidence of what I
say on this subject; so of the Chicago Times,
and in fact nearly every leading Democratic
paper ; and I can refer to the columns of the
Republican papers for what I say in regard
to their general sympathy with the cause of
Germany.
How was it in Paris? What was the con-
duct of the American Government as repre-
sented.by Mr, Washburne? The Germans of
Paris and the German Government deliber-
ately selected the American minister and the
American consul as their protectors; and how
faithfully Mr. Washburne and Mr. Read pro-
tected over forty thousand Germans in Paris
throughout that long and desperate and ter-
