1070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 16,
rible siege is understood by all, and Count
Bismarck, on behalf of the German Govern-
ment, has publicly thanked our minister for
his-brave and devoted conduct, for the determ-
ination and courage with which he protected
the "Germans in Paris daring that siege, and
in fact throughout the war, and sometimes at
the peril of his own life. Why, sir, America
was rendering to Germany aid and comfort by
her sympathy. The United States were pro-
tecting Germans in Paris. Why did not the
•Germans select the English Government for
their protectors ? The crown prince of Prus-
sia had married an English princess; they
were connected by marriage. Why did they
not look to the Russian Government, their
ancient ally? There were reasons.why they
preferred the protection of the American Gov-
ernment, and it was given fully and amply.
And now shall the attempt be made to drive a
wedge between these two Governments, and to
excite and to array our German fellow-citizens
against the Administration and against the
Republican party by reason of this sale of
arms of which the Prussian Government at
the time had fall knowledge; of which it never
made the slightest complaint, and does not
pretend now that we violated the law of na-
tions either in letter or in spirit?
As I before remarked, every Government
sells arms whenever it has them to sell. Dur-
ing our late war, the English merchants sold
arms to bur people, and I have heard it said
that the British Government took arms from
their arsenals and placed them in the hands
of English merchants on commission, and that
those arms were sold to our Government be-
fore the English merchants paid the British
Government for them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Also to the confederates.
They sold to both parties.
Mr. MORTON. I know they sold to the
confederates. Arms were manufactured pur-
posely for sale to the confederates. No com-
plaint was made in regard to it; and I am
informed that we bought arms of Prussia dar-
ing our war. I know we bought arms of Bel-
gium. Everybody has heard of those miser-
able old Belgium muskets. I remember some
ten thousand were sent to me in Indiana as
Governor of the State to put in the hands of
Indiana troops, and I did so because I could
not "do better, and I got war on my hands with
the. officers of those regiments for the time
being. The arms were miserable, and I had no
peace until I got rid of them and gave the men
better arms. We bought arms in England, in
Germany, in Belgium, and I do not know but
that we bought them in France. It was not
pretended that any Government that sold us
arms or the merchants that sold us arms were
violating the law of nations. They had recog-
nized the confederates by their own action;
they occupied the same relation between the
confederacy and this Government that we oc-
cupied between Germany and France. Hav-
ing recognized the confederacy, they gave it
the benefit ef the law of nations; and yet no
complaint was made, so far as the sale of arms
was concerned, that they had violated the law
of .nations by selling to either party.
And now, Mr. President, whenever the Gov-
ernment of England, or of France, or of Ger-
many, or of the United States sells muskets,
artillery, artillery harness, powder, and lead
to private persons, they do it with the distinct
understanding that those private persons ex-
pect to seil to some other Government. These
arms are of such a character that they cannot
be used for private purposes, they cannot
be used for keeping away blackbirds, as the
Senator from Missouri suggested yesterday,
that this little country lawyer from Ilion, in
the State.of New York, might want these arms
for. Whenever arms are purchased of any
Government, it is understood that the individ-
ual buying them expects to sell them to some
Other Goverment for military purposes, because
they cannot be used for any other purpose.
But this expectation on the part of our Gov-
ernment does not make their conduct illegal.
If they were to sell to private parties and re-
quire them not to sell the arms to another
Government, require them to take precautions
that they should not be used for military pur-
poses, of course they could not sell them at
all. What use would Remington, or Schuyler,
Hartley & Graham have for fifty batteries of
of artillery if they could not sell them to some
other Government? Of course, whenever a
Government sells arms, it is the expectation
that they are sold for military purposes, and
that the merchants who buy them will take
their chances of selling to somebody that
wants them.
And now I come to the only point that was
made by the Senator from Missouri that I
think really merits an argument in reply. The
Senator said that our Government had a right
to sell the arms to private parties. There is
no dispute about that; no question can arise
upon the law. But he said the circumstances
surrounding the ease might make it important
for the Government to investigate the use to
which the private parties might want to apply
them, and if they had reason to believe they
were buying them for the purpose of selling
them to belligerents, the Government had no
right to sell them to those private parties. I
deny that proposition in toto.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I suggest to my
friend that he does not state the proposition
of the Senator from Missouri half as strong as
it is? Let me read to him exactly what the
Senator said.
Mr. MORTON. I would thank the Senator
to do so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Mis-
souri said:
" The Government had to use more than ordinary
circumspection in this regard. TheGovernmenthad
to be careful not only not to sell to men whom they
knew to be agents of either one or the other of the
belligerent parties, but the Government had to sat-
isfy themselves that persons applying for arms were
not the agents of either one or the other of the bel-
ligerent parties, with all the means of information
within reach."
That is to say, the Government was bound
to go into an inquiry and find out for whom a
private citizen was acting before they had a
right to sell to him at all!
Mr. MORTON. _ That is the proposition I
intended to deny, i insist itcannot be sustained
by any authority which can be found, and that
all that could be required of our Government
in that connection would be the exercise of
what may be called reasonable diligence. If
they have reason to believe that the person
buying the arms is the agent of the French
Government or of any belligerent, then our
Government has no right to make the sale;
but the mere expectation on the part of our
Government that the person baying will sell to
a belligerent creates no illegality at all and no
bad faith. They know that the merchant ex-
pects to sell to somebody. All they are called
upon to know is that he is not the agent of a
belligerent, because if he is not such agent, and
he buys simply as a merchant, as a commer-
cial enterprise, then he has a right to sell to
anybody, and both parties have a right to buy
the arms of him, if they can. The Prussians
have just as good a chance as the French. He
goes into the market as a merchant having a
commodity to sell, to sell to anybody, and it
is none of our business to whom he sells. All
that we are called upon to know is that he is
not the agent of one of the belligerent parties
and that we are not selling to a belligerent
Government. If we sell to a merchant, and
wheu he buys the arms he expects to take his
chance of selling them to Prussia or France,
we violate no law, we violate no good faith.
Mr. President, suppose the rule were to be
recognized which is insisted on by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, that before we sell to
Remington & Co., or to Schuyler, Hartley &
Graham, we have got to examine them, we have
got to put them on the witness stand, and ask,
" What do you intend to do with these arms ?"
Was any Government ever required to do that
thing? Suppose we had done so, what would
those men have answered ? Would they have
made the confession ? Our Government could
not swear them. We had no means of putting
them under oath. There was no legal pro-
ceeding on foot. All we could.do would be to
take their word; and when we asked them the
question, "Are you buying these arms for
France?" they would have said, "We are
buying them for ourselves; we are merchants.''
I ask, could we go one step further? But
according to the Senator's argument we must
first institute a sort of competitive examina-
tion under the civil service reform, and the
first question we should ask anybody approach-
ing for the purpose of buying arms is, "Are
you a little country lawyer, are you a little
bellicose lawyer from Ilion, New York? "
Mr. SCHURZ. May I ask the Senator a
question ?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Government of the
United States very properly laid down for
itself a certain rule of action, which consisted
in this, that no arms should be sold to one
known to be the agent of one of the belliger-
ent parties. Now, suppose a third party ap-
plies for arms, suppose the known agent of
the belligerent party, in this case for instance
Mr. Remington, appears before the ordnance
department and transacts there the business
of that new applicant, that third party—I am
not going to try to prove that this was here
actually the case, but I am merely reasoning
upon that supposition—the known agent of a
foreign Government, one of the belligerent
parties, acting as the sub-agent of one who
applies for arms, would there be proof enough
to the Government that has arms for sale
that those arms are going into the hands of
one of the agents of a belligerent Power?
Mr. MORTON. As to whether that would
even excite a suspicion depends very much
upon the surrounding circumstances. Now,
I will suppose that when Mr. Richardson's
proposition came in to buy arms, Mr. Rem-
ington came as his agent. I will suppose
what the Senator does not assert, and says he
cannot assert. I will suppose what I do not
believe to be the fact' 
Mr. SCHURZ. I did not say that I cannot
assert it, but simply that I do not assert it.
Mr. MORTON. Well, the Senator says he
does not assert it. That is sufficient. I think
if he could, he would, because I think the
Senator has shown a very creditable degree
of willingness to make assertions all through
this debate. When he says he cannot assert
it, I take it he has no authority for asserting
it. But now I shall put it on the ground that
Remington did go forward as the agent of
Richardson, the little country lawyer. What
is there remarkable about that? lit Mr. Rem-
ington had never been known to this Govern-
ment except as purchasing arms for France, it
might have led to the suspicion that Mr. Rem-
ington was acting nevertheless for the French
Government; but when you take into con-
sideration that he is an arms merchant, the
most extensive perhaps in the world, and has
been for fifteen years, and that he has beeti
buying arms of this GovernmSnt a great while,
and that his character as an arms merchant
is known, and that he sometimes sella arms
to one Government and sometimes sells to
another, and that he is selling all the time to
different Governments, it would not neces-
sarily lead to the suspicion that he went there
as the agent of France. I am putting .it in
the very strongest possible point of view for
the Senator.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator permit
me a moment?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. SGHURZ. The Government having
laid down as its own rule of action that no
arms shall be sold to anybody who is known
