3758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
required. Suppose a court-house is to be built
ia some city, and $150,000 is appropriated
for that purpose, how many men are there in
the city that have the means to supply mate-
rials to that amount? And how quick there
would be formed what are called "rings" or
associations to control it, every man engaged
in. the business being willing to divide his
profits with his neighbors. That is the diffi-
culty.
Now, then, as to the general proposition of
letting the work under contract to the lowest
bidders. Work that may be done by anybody
may be done cheaper in that way, but take the
buildings of the State Department, for in-
stance. There are at present but four quarries
in the United States that can furnish this
ston«. Now, if the contract is to be let to the
lowest bidder these four quarries will combine
and make an arrangement by which the lowest
bid shall be at a price which will pay them all a
handsome profit. The case would be the same
with regard to the great iron beams which are
used in our public buildings. There are but a
few establishments in the country where they
can be manufactured ; and in case of an ad-
vertisement for the lowest bidder these estab-
lishments would agree upon a fixed price and
would divide the profits.
Now, sir, if you have honest men in control
of these matters the thing can be very readily
arranged so as to secure the interests of the
Government; and if you have not honest men,
then it will be very easy, even in spite of ad-
vertisements for the lowest bidder, to defraud
the Government. The same method can be
followed which was pursued in one of the De-
partments here in regard to stationery. Ad-
vertisements were issued inviting proposals
for contracts which were to be given to the
lowest bidder. Those who understood the
matter would offer, for instance, gold pens at
tweuty-five cents apiece, there betug perhaps
only a dozen to be furnished, while paper,
of which a great deal was wanted, would
be offered by the ream or quire at double
price. The man whose bid was the lowest,
adding up the single items in this way, was
considered the lowest bidder, although the
aggregate cost of the articles to be furnished
might be far in excess of the proposals put in
by others.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
by striking out the first word of my original
amendment. I do this for the purpose of
showing that there is just as much opportunity
for a combination of four granite-quarry men
in the matter of private contracts as there is
in public ones. If there are but four quarries
in the United States that can furnish stone for
the State Department 1 do not see why the
proprietors ot those four quarries may not
combine_ to put up the price of their granite
as well in a matter of private bargain as in
answering advertisements for bids.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to answer him?
Mr. EARNS WORTH. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In a
matter of private bargain the Government
may or not accept the offer; but if it is bound
to accept the lowest bid, there is no protection
of that kind.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. When bids are pub-
licly invited the Government is never bound
to accept any of the bids, if all be considered
too high. The Government advertises for pro-
posals. If the proposals are too high, the
Government may reject them all and adver-
tise again ; and if the material advertised for
cannot be obtained at a fair price it may
change the kind of material. But I do not
think that in the United States we shall ever
be reduced to such a strait as not to be able
to find stone for a public building in Wash-
ington, for instance, except by contract with
persons who may combine to put up the price.
It is an absurdity to suppose such a thing.
Granite is the substratum in many parts of
the country. You have it in New York, in
Virginia, almost everywhere. It is ridiculous
to talk about four men having a monopoly
of a particular kind of building material in
the United States, whether the material be
granite, or Seneca stone, or red sandstone, or
limestone, or what not. I cannot believe that
we shall ever be put in such a strait as to be
obliged to choose between four proprietors in
the United States in order to get material for
building a State Department in Washington.
Why, sir, the law requires that if a quarter-
master of the Army at a little post away out
in Arizona wants some oats to feed a couple
of cavalry horses he must advertise for them ;
and you will generally find those advertise-
ments published in the Chronicle or Repub-
lican here in the city of Washington. So with
everything else. If a quartermaster has a few
old blankets to sell, if there is a condemned
mule and an old cart to be sold, he must
advertise the sale; and you will find the ad-
vertisement published in the papers of the
city of Washington, no matter though the sale
is to take place out in Oregon or Washington
Territory.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I agree
with the gentleman that that is one of the
vices of the advertising system.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. That is one of the
vices, not of the system, but of its administra-
tion. The system of advertising is good. It
is a system simply of giving public notice of
what the Government wants, so that all men
may have an equal opportunity to furnish the
materials or to do the work. That is the sys-
tem of advertising, which is a good system if
fairly and properly administered. The fact
that there is much of this advertising at remote
points is only one of the abuses of the system.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAWLIiY. I understand this amend-
ment to be a renewal of the proposition ad-
vanced by my colleague [Mr. Fabnsworth]
yesterday. Ho proposed an amendment to this
bill yesterday, requiring that all public build-
ings should be constructed after advertising.
1 proposed an amendment to that limiting
it to the buildings constructed by the Treasury
Department, and that amendment was adopted
by a large majority ; indeed by so large a ma-
jority that it was hardly resisted. The force
of my objection I think was then seen. It
was also seen that my colleague was aiming at
the buildings constructed under the direction
of the Treasury Department, and that he was
willing to confine his amendment to those
buildings
Now, this proposition opens up the entire
subject which was covered by the amendment
adopted on yesterday. I think it should not
be extended to buildings constructed by the
War Department and the other Departments
of the Government. The Committee of the
Whole -seemed to be satisfied with the amend-
ment adopted on yesterday, and I think the
question should not again be opened.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate upon the pend-
ing proposition has been exhausted.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Fabnsworth ; and upon a
division there were—ayes 55, noes 50; no
quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield of
Ohio, and Mr. Farnsworth, were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported that there were—ayes seventy-
two, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For continuing the surveys of the northern and
western lakes, $175,000.
Mr. PACKARD. I move to amend the
paragraph just read by adding to it the fol-
lowing:
Provided, That the said survey shall include a
survey of a route for a steamship canal from the
southern end of Lake Michigan to the Mississippi
river, at or near the mouth of the Ohio river.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I raise the point
of order that that amendment is not authorized
by existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. UPSON. I move to amend by adding
to the paragraph the following:
And this appropriation shall be available from the
time of the passage of this act to the close of the
fiscal year ending June30, 1873.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is no
objection to that amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
how much has heretofore been appropriated
for this purpose?
Mr. MAYNARD. The estimates first sent
in called for $200,000,-and §175,000 was ap-
propriated.
Mr. HOLMAN. How much was appropri-
ated last year?
Mr. SARGENT. Just the same amount
there is now proposed to be appropriated.
Mr. HOLMAN. .If this amount was appro-
priated last year I see no reason why this ap-
propriation should not be reserved, for next"
year.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say why
I am willing to accept the amendment of my
colleague, [Mr. Upson.] The fiscal year ends
in the middle of the season. There has been
a large portion of the season when the lakes
are frozen, and nothing can be done upon this
work. In order to have the advantage of a
good season to do this work, it is not advisable
to cut the year in two in the middle of the
summer. The proposition is that this appro-
priation shall be made available until the end
of the following fiscal year. I hope there will
be no objection to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I move to further amend
this paragraph by adding the words " to be
expended under the direction of the Superin-
tendent of the Coast Survey." I desire to say
a word in behalf of this amendment. This
survey has been done hitherto, and is being
done now under the direction of the Engineer
Bureau of the War Department. I have been
of the opinion for many years, and I have
tried to impress that opinion upon the House,
that our surveys should be carried on under
one directing and controlling department. I
have attempted to get Congress to place the
whole business of the Coast Survey under the
direction either of the War Department or the
Navy Department, so that the large number
of educated officers in these Departments which
we now have, and who would have a profes-
sional pride in having this work done in a
manner worthy of the dignity of this great
nation, would have the entire charge of it.
But in that I have always failed. I had not
moved the proposition again. I did not think,
in view of my previous experience, it was
worth while to do it. I make this motion as
coming next to what I would be glad to see.
My preference would have been to put it under
the War or Navy Department. As 1 have
failed in that I would be glad to have this
amendment adopted.
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman's argument
is an excellent one if he made the motion to
put the Coast Survey under the engineer de-
partment of the Army.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have made several at-
tempts to do that very thing, but 1 have failed
heretofore.
Mr. DICKEY. Having failed in that, then
he introduces this as a piece of sarcasm on the
past action of Congress.
Mr. MAYNARD. Not at all.
Mr. DICKEY. Then I do not see what
other purpose the gentleman has in view.
The amendment was disagreed to.
