1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The Clerk read as follows:
For lighting the Capitol and Executive Mansion
and grounds: for lighting Capitol and Executive
Mansion and public grounds, $45,000; and the officer
charged with thedisbursementof this appropriation
shall have the entire care and control of the con-
sumption of the gas used for lighting buildings and
grounds herein provided for.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Chairman, you will observe that for lighting
the Capitol and Executive Mansion and pub-
lic grounds we have here an appropriation of
$45,000. The purpose of the additional words
in the paragraph is that the engineer officers
of the Army shall have the entire care and
control of the consumption of the gas used in
lighting all the public buildings, the Capitol
included as well. I wish to exclude the Cap-
itol from this provision, for the lighting of this
Hall should be under the control of our own
Sergeant-at-Arms or Doorkeeper.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We put in this
provision because we waut it all under one
head. There is a tremendous waste of gas in
the Capitol in the Halls and in the lobbies and
corridors. The police of the Capitol have
charge of the consumption of gas in this build-
ings and grounds, and the Commissioner of
Public Buildings and Grounds has charge of
the supply of gas in other grounds and build-
ings. The result has been the cost lor gas
has been unreasonable and exorbitant. In
order to save the waste, and in order to put it
under one head, this clause was inserted in the
bill. The gentleman in charge of the public
buildings and grounds often passes by here at
night and sees many hundred burners in full
blaze when there is no one here. There is no
way to control that but to provide that this
officer shall have charge of the whole matter,
and by so doing I have no doubt hereafter the
saving will be very great.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out
"$45,000'' and insert"$40,000" forthe pur-
pose ofcalling the attention of the chairman to
the general character of these appropriations.
He will find the appropriations here far exceed
anything we have had before by all odds. The
appropriations by the preceding paragraph are
some thirty thousand dollars larger than has
ever occurred before except during the very
first year of the presidental term. Here is an
appropriation of $45,000 for lighting the pub-
lic grounds, and in the preceding paragraph
we have an appropriation of $10,000 for re-
pairs and care of greenhouse at the White
House, when the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Gakfield] must certainly know there is not a
greenhouse in this capital or all of them to-
gether which with reasonable economy cannot
be kept up and supplied with a proper addition
of plants and shrubs and exotics for a much less
sum than that which is here proposed to be ap-
propriated for only one greenhouse attached to
the Executive Mansion. Any one who has
noticed this class of expenditures must know
that finer collections than are anywhere about
this capital are superintended and the conserv-
atory and everything else looked after at a cost
of not more than $3,000 a year, and yet here
in connection with the Executive Mansion we
are asked to appropriate $10,000 for this one
greenhouse.
We have now reached the enormous appro-
priation of $45,000 for lighting the Capitol
and public grounds. Congress certainly can-
not be so little informed on this subject as not
to know that a conservatory and the finest col-
lection of plants and exotics can be kept up
for a much less sum than $10,000.
But, sir, if yo-i will go back ten years, and
will then go back all the way in your history,
you cannot find any period of ten years within
which as much as $10,000 were expended for
any such purpose in connection with the Exec-
utive Mansion of this country.
I am in favor of reasonable, and even liberal
appropriations for such purposes. But I must
say that this appropriation of $45,000 is in my
judgment without any precedent, unless it be
in the first year of a new presidential term;
and in some instances there might then seem
to be an excuse for it. But here, sir, is an
appropriation of $45,000, of which $10,000 is
for the conservatory connected with the White
House, when there are not $10,000 appropri-
ated for all the other collections of exotics in
.Jlie Botanic and Propagating and Agricultural
greenhouses. I do not believe that you will
find that the whole estimates for all three of
these put together will run up to the amount
of this estimate of $10,000 for the conservatory
connected with the Executive Mansion alone.
1 would like to see the bill of particulars on
which this item of $10,000 is predicated.
Mr. SARGENT. The Committee on Appro-
priations made a special visit to the Executive
Mansion for the purpose of inquiring into the
necessity of the repairs and expenditures
which are authorized by this paragraph. We
went as a body all over the house, on to the
roof and underneath it, and all through the
conservatory, and ascertained to our own satis-
faction what was necessary in the way of re-
pairs. And the conclusion of the committee
from their observations was unanimous, with-
out regard to party differences. We found the
roof leaky in nearly every part. It is a cop-
per roof. We found it cracked and broken,
and the solder at the joints open, so that the
rains had been beating in and coming down
and staining the ceilings of several apart-
ments. We found the underpinning of the
building, if I may so call it, all its underwork,
in a state of extreme rottenness. We found
the gieat beams rotten, so that they looked to
me, perhaps in my inexperience, asin a danger-
ous condition. -It is certainly in a very rotten
condition, and requires extensive repairs.
The sewer, which makes a part of this item,
is necessary in order to take off' the water
which stands in pools in the basement, mak-
ing it extremely unhealthy. There is needed
a sewer to draw off this water, so that it may
be no longer found standing in a filthy pool
breeding sickness in the White House.
Mr. HOLMAN. In my remarks I did not
deal so much with those matters. Did the
gentleman find that it required $10,000 to
keep up a greenhouse?
Mr. SARGENT. I cannot answer every-
thing in a breath. If the gentleman will have
patience I will answer him in regard to the
greenhouse.
The greenhouse was built under the last
Administration. It was built with wooden
floors. The gentleman may not be surprised
by the statement I make, considering the time
of its origin, that it is in an entirely rotten con-
dition. It was made of boards, whereas it
ought to have been made of iron with brick
floors, like the conservatory near this Capitol.
Instead of that it was made of wood. All the
underpinning is entirely rotten. There is not
a board in the floor, as I know by experiment,
which a person cannot run through with his
cane.
It is with difficulty a person can go along
the walks, even those most remote from the
pots, where the water slops most, without
putting his heels through the rotten plank. It
is absolutely necessary that the underpinning
of the building and the floor be put in new.
Mr. HOLMAN. It was all repaired within
the last four years.
Mr. SA RGENT. I do not care if it were
done yesterday. A gentleman near me sug-
gests that it was a rotten administration; but
I have not time to be diverted from my state-
ment by that pleasantry. But the gentleman
from Indiana will see that whether it was
built four years or two years ago, makes no
difference. The fact was observed by every
member of the committee that the flooor was
rotten through, so that a cane could be put
through it in any place.
Now, sir, a word or two with regard to the
amount allowed here for refurnishing, which
is very small. In going through the White
House we observed that there was not a room
in it, bed-chamber or other room, unless we
except the rooms on the first floor which are
used for reception purposes, where there was
not the most grotesque admixture of furniture,
black walnut, rosewood, and mahogany mixed
up together. No room contained two articles
of furniture of the same wood, or in the same
style of workmanship, the furniture having
come down from former generations, and it
would be impossible to gather enough furni-
ture of one material to furnish a room decently.
Now, I do not believe in that mean parsi-
mony which would say that the residence of
the President of the United States shall be
kept in a condition like that, with the roof
leaking, with the underpinning of the building
falling out, with a noisome pool in the cellar
for want of adequate drainage, and with fur-
niture so shabby that no private gentleman
would allow it for a moment in his best bed-
room.
For these reasons the committee have rec-
ommended this appropriation, which is a little
less than the estimates and very little more
than the amount appropriated every year. The
necessary repairs make the item a little larger
than usual.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall not ask for a vote
on my amendment, but 1 wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from California to the
fact that we appropriated $10,OOOforthissame
purpose last year.
Mr. SARGENT. And I am in favor of
appropriating it every year if necessary.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Improvement and care of public grounds: for
annual repairs of fences around reservations, $2,000;
for manure, and hauling the same on public grounds,
$5,000; for painting iron tences around reservations,
and around War and Navy Departments, $4,000 ; for
improvement, care, and protection of seats, and for
fountains and fish-ponds in Capitol grounds, $3,000:
for purchase of seatsfor Capitol grounds. 81,OOO; for
hire of carts for public grounds, $5,000 ; for purchase
and repair of tools for public grounds, $2,000; for
purchase of trees, tree-boxes, and whitewashing
fences, $5,000; for purchase of flower-pots, mats,
twine, and glasses, $1,000
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like ex-
ceedingly to strike out the appropriations for
repairing fences around reservations. I will
move to strike out that item, for the purpose
of asking the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations if we cannot stop making
appropriations for repairing these great high
fences, which I am sure the gentleman from
Ohio, with his good taste, will agree with me
are not what we ought to have.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. They are
necessary to protect the trees from spoliation,
in La Fayette square and in the other reser-
vations. We have some beautiful grounds
containing choice trees, and if the fences were
taken away they would be destroyed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Animals do not run
at large here.
Mr. DICKEY. Two-legged ones do.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We have cut
down the estimates for improvements about
this city very largely, and I think we have
gone as far as it is wise to go.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We have guards and
watchmen to take care of these reservations,
and 1 do not think any other city in the United
States has such fences around its public
grounds, and yet they have trees as valuable
and grounds as much ornamented as these are.
These fences are anything but ornamental;
they ought either to be cut down one half or
taken away altogether and a railing substituted,
instead of our voting year after year to repair
them.
Mr. DICKEY. I call the attention of the
gentleman to the fact that a very small por-
tion of this appropriation is devoted to this
purpose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the
amendment.
