1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
Mr. MORTON. I will answer the question
unhesitatingly, that they were not; that the
resolution conferred no such power. I would
ask. under what provision of the resolution oould
the committee investigate the question as to
whether there was smuggling pcross the "free
zone?" It does not come under any branch
of it. The committee assumed the power, I
have no doubt, from the best motives, and
might have done it from a careless reading.
If the committee had the power to investigate
fraud of that kind it is a very strained con-
struction ; it is far-fetched, and does not justify
Senators standing upon this floor and charging
that we intend to cover up fraud because we
do not vote for that resolution.
Mr. PATTERSON. I am now prepared to
answer the question. Here is one sentence in
this resolution:
What are the methods of procuring accountability
in public officers or agents in the care and disburse-
ment of public moneys.
Are not the customs officers on the frontier
of Texas officer.-; of tlio United States?
Mr. MORTON. It does not refer to any
practice at all; it. does not refer to the prac-
tice on the southwestern coast or anywhere
else. What.are the methods in practice, "what
are the methods of procuring accountability
in public officers or agents in the care and dis-
bursement of the public moneys." It clearly
looks to the law.
Mr. PATTERSON. How can you determ-
ine whether 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Indiana yield to the Senator from
New Hampshire?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. PATTERSON. How can you determ-
ine whether they are taking proper care of the
public revenues and disbursing tliem properly
or not unless you investigate what they are
doing? How are you going to determine the
action of public officers except by calling wit-
nesses and seeing what they are doing? Why,
sir, if the resolution means anything, it means
that the committee have the right to investi-
gate the action of public officers, officers of
the Government, in the transaction of the busi-
ness of their offices.
Mr. MORTON. I would answer my friend
from New Hampshire that I think he is
entirely wrong. It does not contemplate prac-
tices ; it does not contemplate the question
whether there is smuggling on the southwest-
ern frontier or on the northeastern frontier.
It merely refers to the question of the mode of
doing business as provided by law. It seems
to me that no lawyer could understand it as
conferring any power beyond that.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say to my friend
that not a lawyer in the Senate at the time the
resolution was passed ever questioned it, and
that we acted for five years upon that inter-
pretation. and the Senator from Vermont, who
was the chairman of the committee, so inter-
preted that resolution when it first passed, and
when he was chairman, and I think he is a
good lawyer.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to say a word ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONIvLING. I wish to suggest, after
what we have heard now as to the idea of the
committee touching the scope of its powers,
that I have here in my hand a very singular
ciicumstance, namely, that members of this
bod}' should have deemed it necessary by ex-
press and spec'al resolution to empower this
all-searching committee to investigate; and
not only so. hut that the committee itself, bet-
ter instructed in its attributes, and having exer-
cised them frequently, deemed it appropriate,
under the solemnity of a report, to apprise the
Sena'e that in making the only investigation
(hat. has been brought to our knowledge they
proceeded under two separate, special, minute
resolutions instructing them not only as to the
subject of which the investigation was to be
made, not only as to the place where it was to
be made, but pointing out to them with minute-
ness of subdivision of subjects the point at
which their investigation was to be aimed.
i see the Senator from New Hampshire
seems to be uneasy to have me complete what
I was saying, which I promise him to do in a
moment. I only wish to say that if indeed
this language implies what the Senator from
Indiana says it does not, and I agree with
him most fully, if upon its face here is author-
ity to investigate frauds and peculations iu the
ordinary sense, infractions of honesty and fail-
dealing, it is u, little icmarkable if lying upon
the surface of this general standing resolution
is such a power as that, first, that a member of
the Senate should have deemed it necessary
to bring in not only one resolution, but two
resolutions, and second, that the committee
should have fallen into ths error of putting in
the very forehead of its report, in the fore-
front of this document, a statement that it
acted not upon these broad and illimitable attri-
butes, but that it made this investigation by
dint of the specific authority with which it was
clothed in the two resolutions an epitome of
which precedes this report.
As 1 said, I did not mean to mingle par-
ticularly in this thing. As the Senator from
Indiana has yielded to me one moment, I will
add only one remark, and that is, that the
Senator from New Jersey, with great clear-
ness, drew the attention of all of us to this.
It seemed to me at the time there was no nov-
elty in the suggestion ; on the contrary, it was
because I had supposed this language so obvi-
ously to fall short of empowering a commit-
tee to investigate frauds, that 1 was amazed
when some Senator, 1 believe the Senator from
Massachusetts, spoke of a resolution I had
previously offered as antagonizing this propo-
sition. So far fiotu it 1 believed then, and I
believe now, (and I do not think that any law-
yer in this body will controvert the position,)
that had this resolution passed in the first in-
stance as offered by the Senator from Illinois
it would then have been just as necessary as it
was before to offer a specific resolution in-
structing the investigation of the Hodge ease,
or else that ease never eould have been invest-
igated except by what I should have regarded
as sheer assumption of power, just #s much
as if the Committee on Military Affairs, or
any other committee, had assumed, without
the authority of the Senate, to conduct such
an investigation. That was my view. It is
my view now, fortified and confirmed when I
hear the Senator from Indiana state as he has
done.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Indiana further yield?
Mr. MORION. Yes, sir.
Mr. PATTERSON. If the Senator yields,
I should like to read to the Senate the resolu-
tions to winch the Senator from New Yoik
has referred.
Mr. CONKLING. Do you read from the
repoit?
Mr. PATTERSON. From the report. The
committee were instructed by a resolution of
the Senate, passed December 14, 1870, "to
furnish a comparative detailed statement of
the cost of collecting the customs revenue of
the ports of New York, Boston, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, New Orleans, and San Francisco,
with such recommendations favoring a reduc-
tion in such expenses as they may deem com-
patible wiili the interests of the pabhc service ;
also, to particularly report on the present sys-
tem and practices connected with the ware-
housing business at the port of New York ;
also, in relation to what is commonly known
as the 'general-order business,' and the cart-
age of goods while in the custody of the Gov-
ernment."'
In that resolution there is not one syllable
said about conferring new powers on the com-
mittee ; and those subjects were investigated by
the committee under the authority communi-
cated to them in the resolution of which I have
just spoken ; and unless they had the authority
to investigate these very subjects included in
these resolutions, by the resolution originally
offered creating the committee, they could not
have moved one step in this investigation. So
much for the explanation of the Senator from
New York.
Mr. CONKLING. One word, and I will
confine my reply to what I now read from this
report:
" Mr. Patterson, from the joint select Committee
on Retrenchment, submitted the following report:
"The joint select Committee on Retrenchment,
who were by a resolution of the Senate, passed De-
cember 11, 1870, instructed," &c.
Now come quotation marks, meaning that
what follows is a transcript of the resolution,
I take it—•
"'to furnish a comparative and detailed state-
ment,'" ifcc.
And then—
" 'also, to particularly report the present system and
practices connected with the warehousing business
at the port of New York; also, in relation to what
is commonly known,'" <Sc.—
following to the end of the specifications. If
some gentleman hero is so astute as to under-
stand how these resolutions were adopted by
the Senate as mere surplusage, when the com-
mittee already was empowered with authority,
and already instructed to employ that author-
ity, and then to understand further how a com-
mittee which itself comprehended its powersto
lie underneath this, upon a standing authority
broader, deeper, and higher, came in and re-
ported to this body that it did all this thing,
the record of which appears, which we have
heard of so often and often and often again,
under the authority of these resolutions, when
in truth it did it all the time under a different
authority—if anybody is sharp enough and
astute enough to comprehend that, then I
shall be happy to sit at the feet of the Senator
who does understand it and to have instruc-
tion from him. I do not so understand it.
Mr. PATTERSON. I think I am just sharp
enough and just astute enough to do that very
thing. [Laughter.] The resolutions referred
to in this repoit were simply resolutions in-
structing the committee to inquire into that
subject, and to inquire into it according to the
authorities communicated to the committee by
the general resolution, and these resolutions
would not have conferred upon the committee
the power to send for persons and papers at
all, but that power was received under the ori-
ginal resolution, and acting under the powers
of that, they followed the instructions of the
Senate, given on tbe 14th of December, 1870,
and took up that special subject of investiga-
tion. If the matter had been brought to the
attention of the committee outside oi the Sen-
ate, we might have investigated it without, any
such instruction ; but the Senator from New
York sitting furthest from me [Mr. Fi:.\'to\']
saw fit to bring in the resolution instructing
this committee in the exercise of its original
powers—powers that inhered in its very crea-
tion, to examine into this particular subject,
and we did it. Is there anything said there
about sending for persons and papers? Not
a word ; but we did that under the original
instructions.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Indiana yield to me?
. Mr. MORTON. Allow me just one moment.
I am not through with ray remarks.
Mr. FENTON. Will the Senator permit
me to send up to the Secretary's desk the reso-
lution to which reference has been made, that it
may be read for the information of the Senate?
^ 1 he PRESIDING OFFICKIi. Does the
Senator from Indiana yield to the Senator
from New Yoik?
