1812.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Carpenter.
Senate.
stood that Congress intended in advance to
advertise them as useless, but, as was so well
said by the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan]
yesterday—who always goes into a discussion
of a legal question by announcing that he is
not a lawyer and then immediately proceeds
to contradict himself by showing that he is ;
for, of all the preachers of the Gospel I ever
heard, he speaks most like a lawyer thoroughly
founded and bottomed in legal principles and
familiar with all the statutes ; I have never
known him fire amiss on a legal question—he
says that, hack as far as 1825 we had an act of
Congress which directed the sale of arms. I
was not aware of that; but it is all the better
for the point I now wish to make. From 1825,
then, down to the present time it has been the
policy of our Government, as 1 believe it has
been the policy of ali Governments, to dispose
of those arms which were unsuitable in the
sense that more suitable weapons could be
found. In 1868 this act was passed to enlarge
the scope of the former law, as the Senator in-
formed us yesterday, and to make it impera-
tive on ihe Secretary of War to sell.
In 1868, starting with that statute, if there
had been no other on the subject, no war
existed between France and Germany; none
was apprehended. We all know that in 1870
when the war was declared it came like a thun-
der-bolt from a clear sky upon the whole civil-
ized world. Not thirty days before war broke
out, did any man in the United States anticipate
it? This statute was, therefore, passed, not
with reference to any particular nation, or to
take advantage of the emergency of any par-
ticular nation created by a particular war, or
the market which a particular war would fur-
nish; but the United States announced and
declared its policy to dispose of arms unsuit-
able in the sense before mentioned. In 1868,
after the passage of this act, during the entire
year 1869, and in the spring of 1870, it was
perfectly legitimate and lawful for the United
States to sell those arms to Louis Napoleon
directly and deliver them to him in the city of
Washington, and the question now is whether
after war was declared between France and
GerniHny in the summer of 1870 we as a nation
were precluded from carrying out our own pol-
icy in the disposition of our own property;
and that is the precise question.
There are several principleshere from which
we may gain some light applying their analo-
gies to* this case. It is well settled by the law
of nations that if one nation be under obliga-
tion by treaty with another, in case that
other shall be "at war, it will furnish a certain
number of ships of war, or such a supply of
troops, of arms, or of ammunition, the sub- |
sequent execution of that covenant by the j
nation after a war has broken out, does not
violate her neutral obligations- Why? Be-
cause she is performing a duty which she un-
dertook at a time when there was no war. and
when she could not have intended any harm
to the particular opposing belligerent. Trea-
ties ot this kind are frequently made. ^ The
fiist treaty. I believe, ever made by the United
States, the old treaty between us and Fiattce,
secured to France exclusive privileges in our
ports in case of a war between her and any-
other nation ; and in Dana's edition of Whea-
ton's International Law, section four hun-
dred and t went)-five, it is said :
"Another case of qualified neutrality* arises out
of ticaty stipulations antecedent lo the commence-
ment ot hostilities bv which the neutral may be
bound to admit the vessols of war of one of the bel-
ligerent parties, with their prizes, into Ins port?,
while those of the other may be entirely excluded,
or only- admitted under limitations and restrictions.
Thus, bv the treaty ot aiuity and commerce ot 1(78,
between the United States and France. tho_ latter
secured to herself two special privileges in the
American ports: first, admission tor her priva-
teers with their prizes, to the exclusion ot her ene-
mies; second, admission for her public ships ot war
in case of urgent necessity to refresh, victual, re-
pair, A'c.. but not exclusively of other nations at war
with her. Under these stipulations, the United States
not being expressly bound to exclude the public ships
of the enemies of France, granted an asylum to Brit-
ish vessels and those of other Powers at war with her.
Gtreat Britain and Holland still complained of the
exclusive piivileges allowed to France in respect to
her privateers and prizes, while France herself was
not satisfied with the interpretation of the treaty by
which the public ships of her enemies were admit-
ted into the American ports. To the former, it was
answered by the American Government that they
enjoyed a perfect equality, qualified only by the
exclusive admission of the privateers and prizes of
France, which was the effect of a treaty made long
before, for valuable considerations, not with a view
to circumstances, such as had occurred in the war of
the French revolution, nor against any nation in
particular, but against all nations in general, and
which might, therefore, be observed without giving
just offense to any."
That was the ground assumed by our Gov-
ernment in the letter of Mr. Jefferson, then
Secretary of State, to Mr. Hammond and
others. This principle applies to the case in
hand.
A nation may furnish supplies to another
nation and send them ships of war and troops
if prior to the breaking out of the war she had
bound herself by treaty to do so ; and the
philosophy of this is that in her subsequent
performance of this contract she evinces no
hostile purpose, no design to injure the nation
against which they may be used. She made
the treaty not knowing what nation they would
be used against. She cannot therefore be held
to have had any hostile purpose. Now the
philosophy of that rule is equally applicable
to this statute. A statute made in 1868, when
no human being anticipated a war between
France and Germany, cannot be held to evi-
dence any intention on the part of the United
States to take part against Germany. It simply
announces the purposeof the United States to
dispose of these arms.
Now the question is, whether the United
States had a right to do so after the war com-
menced. In time of peace it is not denied;
but the question is, whether, having com-
menced the disposition of these arms in 1868,
and continued it at intervals as often as pur-
chasers came, the United States were com-
pelled to stop that traffic in 1870 when the war
broke out between France and Germany.
Mr. SHERMAN. May I interrupt my hon-
orable friend, rather in aid of his argument, to
read to him the law of 1825, under which,
without respect to the statute now discussed,
no doubt the President of the United States
could sell these arms whenever in his judg-
ment they were unsuitable for the public ser-
vice ? That-law is still the law. It is the act
of March 8, 1825:
"That the President of the United States be, and
he is hereby, autuoriied to cause to be sold any
ordnance, arms, ammunition, or other stores, or
subsistence or medical supplies, which, upon proper
inspection or survey, shall appear to be damaged or
otherwise unsuitable for the public service, when-
ever, in his opinion, the sale of such unserviceable
stores will bo advantageous to the public service.'
The only difference between the law com-
mented upon now and the law of 1825 was
i that in this ease the sale must be made atpub-
j lie sale, and also it must, be after inspection
by public officers. The law of 1868 simply
repealed these two restrictions.
Mr. CARPENTER. I thank my friend for
the interruption and for the reference to the
j statute. 1 now repeat that this policy of the
c mntry, as shown by these statutes, to dispose
of arm's unsuitable, in the sense referred to,
was a settled policy of this Government prior
to the breaking out of the war between Germany
and France ; and in that light we come to con-
sider whether thebreakmg out of a war between
these two nations suspended our right to do
' what we could have done prior to that time.
The Senator from Massachusetts, in tlie first
speech he made on the subject, referred to
certain authorities which, in my judgment, do
not bear out the distinction which he makes.
He quotes from Wheaton these words:
"To give no assistance where there is no previous
stipulation to give it, nor voluntarily to furnish
troops, arms, ammunition, or anything of direct use
in war."
Yattel, as quoted then, says:
" I do not say to give assistance equally, but to
give no assistance, for it would be absurd that a
State should assist at the same time two enemies."
Then he quotes from Halleck substantially
the same language in two or three different
places. Now, the distinction which is to be
observed here is this: the nation here spoken
of embarks in the enterprise of "sending"
arms to another nation for the purpose—that
is, with the intention—of enabling it to use
those arms against a nation then at war with
it. That cannot be done, because that is tak-
ing part in the war.
But in all these quotations they speak of one
nation " sending" arms to another, not selling
them, but "sending" them. Now, what are
we to understand by anation "-sending " arms
to another ? Why, loaning them, furnishing
them at our own expense. That is the sense
in which I think all these authors upon the
subject speak. After reading these quota-
tions the Senator concludes:
"There is the true principle. In sending men or
war materials he takes part in the war."
That is exactly the principle. If we send,
if we furnish, if we give to France arms, ships,'
troops, munitions of war, for the purpose of
enabling her to wage her contest against Prus-
sia, we take part with her: we become a party
to the war; we violate our neutral obligations.
The Senator then quotes a case which, if it
was a case, would be directly applicable ; that
is, the sale of ships by the Swedish Govern-
ment, and the Spanish protest in 1825. The
Senator read here the note of protest by the
Spanish diplomat to the Government of Swe-
den, protesting, m what the Senator called very
energetic language, that the act was wrong.
The Senator did not inform the Senate what
reply theSwedish Governmentmadeorwhether
it made any, nor do I know. He did not state
to the Senate whether the Swedish Govern-
ment admitted the grounds assumed by the
Spanish Government and made reparation.
He does not say that Spain took up arms to
enforce her theory, but he reads here an angry
protest from the diplomatic agent of Spain
against this act as authority on the law of
nations! Why, Mr. President, you might
just as well read the brief of a lawyer on one
side of an important litigation in the Supreme
Court as determining what the law of the ease
is, as to read this protest of the Spanish min-
ister, made in his own interest and under the
excitement and pressure of war, to determine
what the law of nations is !
We have a notable illustration of this in our
history. During the rebellion in Hungary, our
Government sent a private agent to examine
into the true state of that rebellion, with a
view, I suppose, of recognizing either their
independence or their belligerent rights. That
agent went there, performed his duty, returned,
bringing back discouraging intelligence, upon
which the Government became satisfied that
no action could be based in favor of Hungary ;
and there the matter rested until at the next
session of Congress the President sent his
message, which informed Congress tnat be had
sent such an agent there. Mr. Hulseman, the
minister of Austria at that time in Washington,
wrote to our Government a very strong note,
protesting against that as a violation of our
neutral duties and an act unfriendly to Aus-
tria. Mr. Webster took up that letter and in
that controversy he acquired one of those nice
little "victories of peace" which otir Govern-
ment is justly proud of. Ho left nothing of
