1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to be an agent of one of the belligerents, that
same agent of one of the belligerents appear-
ing before the ordnance department to nego-
tiate a sale of arms for a third person known
not to be in the arms business, and then' the
Senator asserts that the Government has no
very strong ground of suspicion that the same
agent is baying those arms for himself to fulfill
his contracts. Why, sir, if the rule is laid down
at all that no arms shall be sold to a known
agent of a belligerent, and arms are sold under
such circumstances, I do not, hesitate to say
that the rule is a most transparent mockery.
Mr. MORTON. Now, the Senator is draw-
ing out the thread very fine; but still what
does his argument amount to?- That because
Remington was the agent of Prance, therefore
he could not appear to buy arms for anybody
else without still appearing as the agent of
France! But suppose it was known to our
Government that he was an extensive arms
merchant, was dealing in arms with various
countries, and with everybody, would they
necessarily have to suppose that when he came
to represent Mr. Richardson he came as the
agent of Prance ? If he bad never been known
as an arms merchant except as the agent of
France, there would be some force in the argu-
ment ; but as he had a general character as an
arms merchant, and was an extensive dealer,
and, as we were told yesterday, had visited
nearly all the countries in Europe in the char-
acter of an arms merchant, I insist it would
create scarcely the shadow of suspicion.
Mr. SCHURZ. May I put another question
to the Senator?
Mr. MORTON. I should like to indulge
the Senator, but I cannot get along with these
constant interruptions.
Mr. SCHURZ. One remark to complete
this point?
Mr. MORTON. Very well.
Mr. SCHURZ. Suppose Mr. Remington,
known as the agent of Prance, appears before
the ordnance department asking for a lot of
arms, assuring the ordnance department that
those arms were to be sold to another Govern-
ment, would there then be reasonable ground
of suspicion?
Mr. MORTON. The Senator tries to make
his case a little stronger. He supposes a thing
which he does not assert himself, and which
there is no reason to believe. You might as
well make the argument which was made by
the schoolmaster who said, "Suppose the
moon was made of green cheese," and sup-
pose things of which there is no probability.
Mr. SCHURZ. I merely want to say that
the case would not be stronger as I stated it
last than it was as I stated it first.
Mr. MORTON. I think we have paid enough
attention to that point. Putting the case on a
ground that the Senator himself does not
assert and will not venture to assert creates
not even a suspicion.
Now, Mr. President, is there any evidence
of a want of good faith in this whole business?
Was the Government bound to know, when
Mr. Richardson presented himself here to buy
arms, that Mr. Richardson was the attorney of
the Remingtons? How would the Govern-
ment know it? Whatground of suspicion was
there? ,How would the Government know
that he was a little country lawyer, living up
at Ilion in New York ? Are they bound to
send out a committee to investigate and find
where ho lives and what his connections are?
And yet if the Government was not bound to
do it, there is nothing, absolutely nothing in
the Senator's argument.
When Mr. Richardson came there to buy
arms, and was able to deposit the money the
Government required to be paid down, and
showed himself to be in the possession of the
means, and the Government believed he was
acting in good faith, they were not bound to
go and hunt around, and take days, and per-
haps weeks, in the inquiry to find out if he
might not possibly be an agent of the Reming-
tons, or an agent of the French Government.
If, there is any responsibility in this case, I
ask where it belongs, and I come now to the
political capital in the case. If there be
anything wrong in this case, if there be any
responsibility anywhere, I ask the question
where it belongs. ' It is not pretended by any-
body that the President of the United States
directed the sale of these arms. . That has not
been asserted by the Senator from Massachu-
se,tts„or even intimated by the* Senator from
Missouri.
Mr. SUMNER. What?
Mr. MORTON. I am stating this material
paint, that there is no pretense throughout this
whole discussion that the President of the
United States has directed the sale of these
arms, or.that he is privy to the fact that these
arms were sold for the benefit of France and
with that knowledge. I want to take that out
of this argument. Then we will take the Pres-
ident entirely out of the case, as much so as
the discrepancy. The discrepancy is gone;
and now, so far as the President is concerned,
he is out of this case. There is no pretense
on,the part of anybody that he has had any
complicity with regard to the sale of these
arms for the benefit of France, and with that
knowledge.
Now, I come to the Secretary of War. Is
there any pretense that the Secretary of War
has authorized the sale of these arms with a
knowledge that it was for the benefitof France,
and that they were going to France ? The Sen-
ator from Missouri has had the frankness to
fully exonerate the Secretary of War, and I
will read what he said about him. Speaking
of the Secretary of War, the Senator from
Missouri said:
" Now, I am very far from asserting that the ord-
nance department, when it sold these fifty thousand
Springfield muskets and those numbers of thousands
of carbines, was at that time aware that Mr. Rem-
ington was the paid agent of the French Govern-
ment. The Secretary of "VYar says that he did not
know it, and I certainly presume he did not."
.Here we have the exoneration of the Secre-
tary of War ; and the Senator says further on,
at the very conclusion of his speech:
" Understand me well. I am by no means willing
to oast any aspersion of that kind upon the Secre-
tary of War. I have always;esteemed him an hon-
est man, and I do believe that in these transactions
ho is rather a victim than a guilty eoactor. But,
gentlemen, do not close your eyes to one fact—and
here I will express myself frankly and boldly: thero
is an impression prevailing in this country that
eomewhore in this Governwentthore sits a 'military
ring.' which is exercising an unwholesome, a far-
reaching, a corrupt and dangerous influence upon
this Administration."
When everything else fails, fall back oil the
" military ring!" A great deal can be said
about a "military ring!" A " military ring "
has no friends; nobody ever defends a "mili-
tary ring," and therefore it is safe in conclu-
sion to wring in the " military ring," and say
they are responsible. But the point I am now
making is that the Senator exonerates the Sec-
retary of War, so that we have the President
and the Secretary of War out of the case.
Now, if there be any responsibility, where does
it rest? Wc come down next to the man who
did the business. These sales of arms were
not made by the President any more than he
makes cartridges down here at the arsenal.
They were not made by the Secretary of War
either; he is the general head of that Depart-
ment ; the sale of arms is one of the details, one
of the subordinate duties. This business was
transacted by the chief of ordnance. Parties
going to buy arms would not go near the Sec-
retary of War. The chief of ordnance in sell-
ing arms himself would not go near the Secre-
tary of War unless some important question
might arise, as did in the case of Remington.
When the chief of ordnance learned by acci-
dent that Remington was agent of France, just
before bids were about to be opened, he went
to see the Secretary of War and told him the
facts, and the Secretary promptly ordered the
sale to be suspended, and not to accept of Mr.
Remington's bids.. This business is transacted *
ordinarily by the chief of ordnance, and;if'
there be anything wrong in thjs business the
Senator brings it down, not in so many wqrds
but in substance, to the ordnance department.
Now, I ask in all candor, is there anything ia
all this case ta Gast q, suspicion on the chief
of ordnance? Is he not an officer, of,high
character? He cannot be charged with being
a Republican, I am told. If there is anything
in politics, he is a Democrat; but I leave that
entirely out of view. I believe he sustains a
high character, and there has never been any
circumstance to cast even a suspicion upon
him. But the Secretary of War and the
President are out of the case, and the man
who did their business was the chief of ord-
nance. Now, if there be a job in it, it is
brought down to him. What does the Sena-
tor say about the "job?"
"And when thus I saw that the international
standing of this country was jeopardized, and that
even every consideration of political prudence was
set aside without counterbalancing publie advan-
tage, then X must confess the suspicion forfied'itself
instinctively upon my mind that there was a job at
the bottom of this otherwise senseless proceeding."
Here we have the charge of a job without
evidence, without grounds of probability, with-
out, as I insist, a single circumstance which •
warrants that charge; but to whom does the
charge of jobbery come home ? It comes home
to the man who sold the arms, the man who
could sell or refuse to sell. That was the chief
of ordnance. He had charge of that business.
Is it seriously meant to impute to the chief of
ordnance a job in this transaction?
But the Senator from Missouri finally re-
lieves the chief of ordnance'from this imputa-
tion. I shall read the extract from his speech
relieving the chief of ordnance from the
charge, and then we will try to locate it some-
where else, if there is any ground for it. The
Senator was speaking about the selling of
arms, and he made this statement: that the
amounts that our Government received for
thearms, item byitem, correspond very nearly,
or I believe entirely, with the amount that the
French Government paid for the same arms
item by item. I will read what he says:
" It has been suggested thatthatmoney waS pocket-
ed by intermediate parties. That would at firstsight
seem very plausible; but I have already alluded to
the curious fact that taking the accounts of those
intermediate partiesit turns out that in nearly every
case the sum received here, as to each item, corre-
sponds almost exactly with the sum paid out by tlio
French Government. So it would seem, as far as the
prices of the goods are concerned, that no money
fell into the pockets of those intermediate parties—
a very curious circumstance; and certainly it can-
not be presumed that Mr. Remington could havo
pocketed it, soiled his hands with illegitimate
gain, indorsed as his integrity is by so many great
authorities."
Allow me to say that the Senator does vin-
dicate Mr. Remington, and he vindicates the
chief of ordnance. The moneys received here
by our Government correspond with the item-
ized prices paid by the French Government,
showing that the French Government was not
cheated in the sale of the arms. The first suppo-
sition was that there were false invoices made
out, that they were invoiced to the French
Government at a higher price than was paid
here, and that the difference was taken by the
intermediate parties ; but the Senator dispels
that illusion.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator permit
me to make a remark here?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. The circumstances, on look-
ing at some documents, were ascertained by me
to be these: that the prices of the different
articles as received by our Government and as
paid by the French Government to Mr. Rem-
ington very nearly agreed. I called it a very
curious circumstance that these accounts which
partly were carried on through intermediate
agents should thus agree, while the sum total
did not agree.
Mr. MORTON. I understand the purport
of that point,
