176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. FBNTON. He will see that the res-
olution as submitted by me on the 14th of
December, 1870, was not an instruction to the
committee to proceed with investigation, but
instructed them to report. I ask the Secretary
to read it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" Mr. Fenton submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
" Resolved, That the Committee on Retrenchment
be instructed to furnish a comparative detailed state-
ment of the cost of collecting the customs revenue of
the ports of New York, Boston. Philadelphia, Balti-
more, New Orleans, and San Francisco, with such
recommendations favoring a reduction in such ex-
penses as they may deem compatible with the inter-
ests of the public service; also, to particularly report
on the present system and practices connected with
the warehousing business at the port of New York;
also, in relation to what is commonly known as the
'general-order business.' and the cartage of goods
while in the custody of the Government."
Mr. FBNTON. One word only. It seems
that the resolution proceeds on the theory that
the committee were invested with this subject
and already instructed by the Senate; and it
simply directs them, through the authority of
the Senate, to make a report upon the matter.
It, gives no instruction in respect to any
investigation whatever.
Mr. MORTON. I will remark in answer to
my friend from New York, who says that this
instruction seemed to be given because the
committee had before been empowered to make
that investigation, that his statement does not
appear in the resolution itself, and now we can
answer that by one simple test. If this reso-
lution, instead of specifying the Committee on
Retrenchment, and directing them to make
this investigation, had named the Committee on
Military Affairs, would not the authority have
been good and perfect in the Commiitee on
Military Affairs to go forward and make the
investigation ? The resolution is sufficient when
addressed to the Committee on Retrenchment,
to the Committee on Military Affairs, or to a
special committee. The authority to make
that investigation is given here ; they are
directed to make it, and they are not empow-
ered bv reason of any previous authority.
■ Mr. President, one word now in answer to
the Senator from New Hampshire, and I think
it is a fair illustration. I am glad the Senator
made the point. The committee made an in-
vestigation as to whether there had been
smuggling across what is called the "free zone,''
the free beltbeyond the Rio Grande : whether
our revenue laws had been violated, and the
power is derived from the following extraor-
dinary provision :
" What are the methods of procuring accounta-
bility in public officers or agents in the care and dis-
bursement of public moneys.''
" What are the methods of procuring ac-
countability," and that is proposed to be an-
swered by investigating the question whether
there has been smuggling on the southwest
coast. Then you can investigate every charge
pertaining to every subject. The Senator says
yes. I agree with him—polygamy, among
other things ; it does not make any difference
■what.
Now, the illustration of the Senator is a per-
fect demonstration of the weakness of the posi-
tion that has been assumed here; and I may
remark right here that it seems to me to pre-
sent a somewhat novel spectacle that after the
majority of the Senate has been substantially
charged with trying to cover up fraud because
they do not go for this resolution, upon exam-
ination of it no authority to investigate fraud
can be found in it, and the best that can be
done by the Senator from New Hampshire i3
a forced construction in regard to the methods
of accountability—clearly the methods pre-
scribed by law being referred to—a construc-
tion which, if it is good, would make all the
rest of the resolution wholly unnecessary. The
Senator himself savs everything can be investi-
gated under that clause. If that is so, why was
any other clause put into it? I say the clause
conferred no such power. I say the resolution
confers no such power. Now, when the Sen-
ator from Illinois proposes to confer power
upon this committee to investigate fraud, I
shall be found going with him.
Mr. President, there are some other matters
connected with this resolution that I should
like to speak upon, but I have been solicited
by the Senator from Ohio to give way to let
him make a motion to adjourn, which I now do.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. ANTHO S! Y. I hope not. I hope that
we shall settle this question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable. The Senator from Ohio
moves that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to, there being,
on a division—ayes 18, noes 22.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I shall con-
clude what I have to say by repeating what I
said awhile ago, that I shall be found voting to
empower this committee to investigate every
charge of fraud and mal-praetice that may be
presented to the Senate, and those Senators
who believe there is so much corruption, that
the whole Government is festering with it,
must know of a good many cases that will jus-
tify them in making a statement of that kind,
and if they do not bring forward those cases
now and ask the Senate to investigate them I
fear the country will come to the conclusion
that they, too, are winking at fraud. Mr. Pres-
ident, I go upon the ground that, all Senators
on this floor are equally patriotic, that they
possess equal integrity, and that they are
equally desirous to purify and sustain our
Government, and I hope that when they
know of cases of impropriety or have reason
to believe they exist they will bring them for-
ward for investigation and let us vie with each
other in the good work of purifying this Gov-
ernment, and let us hereafter abstain from any
attempt to make the impression throughout the
country that a majority of this body is trying
to cover up fraud. And when they want to
have fraud investigated let them bring forward
a resolution giving a committee power to do it,
a resolution that admits of no doubtful con-
struction and that needs not to be strained, as
I am sorry to say my friend from New Hamp-
shire has strained this one to night.
Mr. AiNTHONY. Mr. President, while I
had some doubt whether this amendment to
tbe resolution was strictly in order. I did not
raise the question because the debate may as
well, perhaps, be upon this resolution as an
amendment as upon it as a resolution intro-
duced originally. Now, I am in favor of all
the investigations proposed in this amendment;
but inasmuch as that portion of it which
relates to the civil service has already been
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
of which the mover is chairman, and I sup-
posed, though I believe from talking with the
Senator I was mistaken, that he had offered
to amend his resolution when it was before us
the other day, so as to omit that portion which
related to the civil service, and inasmuch as
that subject has already been placed under
the charge of a very able commission by the
President of the United States under a law of
Congress, I propose to amend this amendment
by omitting ail after the first paragraph after
the word ''curtailed." This omits only that
portion which relates to the civil service, in
these words:
And also to consider the expediency of so amend- j
ing the laws under which appointments to the public !
service are nowmade as to provide for withdrawing !
the public service from being used as an instrument j
of political or party patronage. j
That all comes under the civil service bill
offered by the Senator from Vermont, and now
under consideration by the committee of which
the Senator from Illinois is chairman.
Whenever this committee desires to have
authority to send for persons and papers, or
whenever any Senator offering any resolution
for their consideration  .->ks such authority, I
think there will be no objection to it. I cer-
tainly shall vote for it. I never knew such
authority to be refused to any Senator who
asked for it. I never knew it to be refused
when any Senator asked for a committee, even
if he were not a member of" it; and the author-
ity to appoint a clerk, as a matter of course, is
granted whenever the commiitee desire it. I
wish my friend from Illinois would agree to
this amendment, and then we can all vote for
his amendment as it stands.
Mr. THURMAN. I, for one, am not will-
ing that, the Senate shall commit the appoint-
ment of a committee to the President of the
United States to investigate hi.s own adminis-
tration.
Mr. ANTHONY. Has the Senator any
objection to committing them to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, of which be is a member?
Mr. THURMAN. Not the least in the
world.
Mr. ANTHONY. This whole subject ia
already referred to that committee.
Mr. THURMAN. When?
Mr. ANTHONY. Upion the motion of the
Senator from Vermont, who offered a hill pro-
viding for a reform in the civil service and pro-
viding for much more than is stated in this
amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. And that was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary?
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir, and is there now,
referred at this session.
Mr. THURMAN. This is the first I ever
heard of it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am very happy fir once
to be able to tell the Senator from On.o some-
thing that he did not know. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. I have no doubt the Sen-
ator can tell me a great many things that I do
not know.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Sen-
ator from Ohio addressing the Chair or the
Senator from Rhode Island ?
Mr. THURMAN. I am speaking to the
Chair, and I am now going to speak to the
Senate [laughter] and submitto them a proposi-
tion that I am sure will commend it-etf not
only to their heads but to their whole person.
It is a motion that the Senate do trow adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to, there being
on a division—ayes 19. noes 2G.
ThePfi.ES ID INGOFFICER. Thequestion
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Rhode Island to the amendment ottered
by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, 1 feel
like congratulating some Senators on the pro-
gress they have made within the last week.
L he resolution which I had the honor of offer-
ing at that time was denounced by them as
monstrous, and spoken of with amazement.
To-day it is talked of as very harmless, and
not amounting to anything : it is said it would
not authorize an investigation of fraud or of
anything else ; it does not go far enough. It
is exceedingly giatifying to lind that Senators
have made such progress in favor of iiivest'-
gation. What newlights have sht.ne upon them
I am unable to say, but certainly some light,
either (rumaboveorfVom the sovereign people,
somehow or other to have penctiated
the minds of certain Senators, so tliatth'-v dis-
cover now that that which was denounced by
the Senator Ironi Michig in [.¥r. Cil tNlH.cn] as
a proposition to eieate a committee po^i-ssed
of all knowledge is now very prop# r. 1 believe
he went on to say that the Almighty del not
make any sudi men iuiy more; nt any rate,
il he did makt such men, forgetting that he
himself was ->till in the jv-iut". he said they
were not sent here. [Laughter.]
Now, it is pleasant and agreeable to find
