124
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 29,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Carpenter.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Mr. Hulseman's protest, and Austria made no
further complaint.
Now, suppose that in France or Germany
or Italy some man wanting to know what the
law of nations was on that subject should read
Mr. Hulseman's letter to our Secretary of
State, and either not find or suppress Mr.
Webster's reply, would that protest settle the
law of nations? Therefore, I lay this sale of
ships by Sweden entirely aside. There is
nothing of it except the protest made by Spain
in angry mood against the act; no admission
on the part of Sweden that we know of that
she was wrong or that the protest was right.
The Senator from Massachusetts concluded
his first speech by saying:
44 Since the case of the Swedish ships, I know no
instance where a nation has been called in question
for selling arms to a belligerent. For the first time
has the United States within my knowledge fallen
under suspicion of violating the requirement of neu-
trality on this subj ect. Such seems to be our present
position. W e are under suspicion."
I would not chargc the Senator from Massa-
chusetts with being artful in any unparliament-
ary sense, but 'I may say that that is one of
the most artful dodges that rhetoric could
possibly suggest. He commenced his speech
by saying that somebody in France suspected
that somebody in America had cheated France
in this transaction—a mere suspicion of cheat-
ing in dollars and cents iu the purchase of
certain arms. He concludes his speech, and
, having his fancy inflamed with the terrible con-
dition of the nation being under suspicion of
having some man in its whole forty million
people who would cheat, he transfers that
suspicion over to the subject of neutrality, and
says: " we are under suspicion of having vio-
lated our neutral obligations." Nobody sus-
pects us of having done it that we know, ex-
cept the Senators who support this preamble.
There is no pretense here that France suspects
it; no pretense that Prussia does ; no pretense
that it is suspected by anybody except these
Senators.
Now, let us examine for a few moments the
authorities upon this subject, and I shall do so
as briefly as possible, in the first place, I will
refer to Woolsey, who, I think, goes further
than any other writer to sustain the view of
the Senator from Massachusetts. He is an
American writer, and the first edition of his
work was published, I think, in 18G0. Then
I shall refer to Halieck, the first edition of
whose works was published in 18GX. Woolsey,
at page 262, says:
"A neutral State is one which sustains the rela-
tions of amity to both the belligerent parties, or
negatively is a non hostis, as Bynkershoek has it,
one which sides with neither party in a war."
" There are degrees of neutrality "—
I want to call the Senator from Massachu-
setts to the distinction here made—
"strict neutrality implies that a State stands en-
tirely aloof from the operations of war, giving no
assistance or countenance to either belligerent.
Imperfect neutrality maybe of two kinds: it may
be impartial, inasmuch as both belligerents have
equal liberty to pursue the operations of war, or
certain operations, such as transit of troops, pur-
chase of military stores, enlistments of soldiers or
seamen, within the neutral territory."
Again, on page 246, he says:
"The principles from which we start seem to be
clear enough; at the same time, for the reason that
neutrality is a thing of degrees, and that the prac-
tice ofnations has been shifting, it is alittledifficult
to lay down with precision the law of nations in
regard to it as it is at present understood. That law
seems to be tending toward strict neutrality."
Here it is to be borne in mind that this
author is speaking not with that precision
which characterizes a writer on municipal law,
stating affirmatively what the law is as settled
by the adjudication of the courts. He cannot
do that. There are no means of arriving with
such certainty at what the law of nations is,
and here is one of the difficulties that every
man wishing to study tbis or any othei topic
under the law of nations has to encouuter:
that every book he takes up is more an essay
on the ethics of the subject than a statement of
what has been universally recognized or agreed
upon. Indeed, there are few things that have
been universally agreed upon, very few things
that are to-day unanimously assented to by
the nations of the earth. The author proceeds:
"A just war being undertaken to defend rights,
each sovereignty must, as we have seem, decide for
itself whether its war be just and expedient. It fol-
lows that Powers not parties to the war must treat
both belligerents alike as friends. Hence no priv-
ilege can be granted or withheld from one and not
equally from the other. Thus, if transit, or the en-
trance into harbors of ships of war, for the purpose
of refitting or of procuring military supplies, or the
admission of captured prizes and their cargoes, is
allowed to the one belligerent, the other may claim
it also. Otherwise a State aids one of its friends in
acts of violence against another, which is unjust, or
aids a friend in fighting against another party, which
is to be an ally and not a neutral."
And again :
" But the rule of impartiality is not enough. The
notion of neutrality, to say nothing of the conven-
ience of the neutral and his liability to be drawn
into the war, demands something more. It is not
an amicable act when I supply two of my friends
with the means of doing injury, provided I do as
much for one as for the other. Such a relation is
not that of a medius infer 1w8t.es, but of an impartial
enemy, of a jack on both sides. Moreover, it is
impartiality in form only, when I give to two par-
ties rights within my territories, which may be im-
portant for the one and useless to the other. The
United States in a war botween Great Britain and
Russia might allow both parties to enlist troops
within its borders; but what would such a privilege
be worth to Russia? And, indeed, almost every
privilege conceded by neutrals would be apt to
inure more to the benefit of one than of the other
of two hostile nations. A rule of greater fairness
would be to allow nothing to the belligerents which
either of them would object to as being adverse to
his interests; but this rule would be subjective,
fluctuating, and probably impracticable. A rule,
again, expressive of strict neutrality, would pro-
hibit the neutral from rendering any service spe-
cially pertaining to war, or allowing his territory to
be used for any military purpose by either belliger-
ent. This, if we add the qualification, 'unless en-
gagements previous to the war concedesomespecial
assistance to one of the parties, which assistance is
not of importance enough to convert a ueutral into
an ally,' would nearly express what is the present
law and usage of nations."
It is evident, I think, that this author is
maintaining a theory which he thinks ought to
be the law of nations, rather predicting what
it will be in the good time coming, than as-
serting what is the law of nations to-day.
Next, Martens7 Law of Nations. I have
Cobbett's edition, at page 320:
"Of the Obligations of Neutrality.—To observe an
entire neutrality, a State must, first, abstain from
all participation in warlike expeditions; second,
it must grant or refuse nothing to one of the bel-
ligerent Powers which may be useful or necessary
to such Power in prosecuting the war without grant-
ing or refusing it to the adverse pary; or, at least, it
must not establish an inequality in order to favor one
of the parties more than the other.
" The moment a neutral Power deviates from these
rules its neutrality is no longer entire, but limited;
and, indeed, though neutral btates sometimes prom-
ise more, and enter into a sort of conventional neu-
trality, a limited neutrality is all that the laws of
neutrality impose."
Now, take this author in connection with
what Woolsey says: neutrality is a thing of
degrees; he says strict neutrality would pre-
vent your selling to either party; and limited
neutrality, under the head of u impartiality,"
which is one of his subdivisions of limited
neutrality, will permit that, provided it is done
to both nations alike. If your pretended sale
is in bad faith, if you make it a mere cloak and
pretext for taking sides in the war, selling at
a particular juncture when your sale will ben-
efit only one party, or if in any other way you
intend—and it is all a question of intention—
to give aid in the war, you become a party to
it; but if abstaining from such act, and having
no such intention, you lawfully pursue your
own business, as we were doing under these
statutes, it is preposterous to say we were
taking part in the war against Germany.
Again, section four:
" Eveiy sovereign has a right, in time of peace, to
grant or refuse to another Power the liberty of rais-
ing troops in his territory, or of marching a body of
troops into or through his territory; and may grant
to one Power what he refuses to another. In time
of war he may do the same. He has a right to grant
or refuse to the belligerent Powers, and observe the
same inequality toward them as he did in time of
peace, without thereby deviating from the senti-
ments of impartiality that ought to be entertained
by every neutral Power."
What does he mean by this? He is refer-
ring back to the exception made in the law of
nations where a nation has entered into a
treaty before the war to furnish another nation
certain ships or supplies in case of a war, and
that treaty it may make with any nation. We
may make such a treaty, if we please, with
Mexico, and refuse to make it with Fjngland.
That is no cause of offense to England; and
if war comes between Mexico and England
we may do the same thing, because we are
exercising the same right we exercised before
the war, and not taking sides with either party
by doing what we have a right to do. This is
going much further than is necessary to main-
tain my proposition; perhaps further than the
other writers justify.
Vattel, at page 340, says:
"A neutral nation preserves, toward both the
belligerent Powers, the several relations which
nature has instituted between nations, bhe ought
to show herself ready to render them every office of
humanity reciprocally due from one nation to
another; she ought in everything not directly relat-
ing to war to give them all the assistance in her
power, and of which they may stand in need. Such
assistance, however, must be given with impar-
tiality ; that is to say, she must not refuse anything
to one of the parties on account of his being at war
with the other."
Rut you may refuse to enter into a treaty
with one nation to furnish supplies in case she
shall be engaged in war. You cannot, how-
ever, after the war has been declared enter
into such a treaty with one nation and deny it
to the other, because that is taking sides with
one nation against the other, and that is the
distinction between the cases. The author
proceeds:
" But this is no reason why a neutral State, under
particular connections of friendship and good neigh-
borhood with oneot the belligerent Powers, may
not. in everything that is unconnected with war,
grant him all those preferences which are due to
friends; much less does she aftord any grounds of
exception to her conduct, if, in commerce, for io-
stance, she continues to allow him such indulgences
as have been stipulated in her treaties with him.
She ought, therefore, aa> far as the public welfare
will permit, equally to allow the subjects of both
parties to visic her territories on business, and there
to purchase provisions, horses, and in general every-
thing they stand in need of—unless she hd* by a
treaty of neutrality promised to refuse to botii par-
ties such articles as are used in war. Amid alt the
wars which disturb Europe, the Switzers preserve
their territories in a state of neutrality. Every
nation indiscriminately is allowed free access for the
purchase of provisions, if the country has a surplus,
and for that of horses, ammunition, and arms/'
Butnow Icome, in Vattel. which I cite, pa;re
234. section onehundred and ten, to the precise
point which I have been endeavoring to estab-
lish, drawing the distinction which 1 maintain
exists between anation pursuing the line of its
own policy inaugurated during a peace, even
past the time when war breaks out, and the
creation of a new policy pending a war which
is to have the effect to turn the scale between
two contending nations :
"Fir^t, no act on the part of a nation, which
falls within the cxercise of her rights, and is don©
solely with a view to her own good, without par-
tiality, without a design of favoring one Power to
the prejudice of another—no act of that kind, I
say, can in general be considered as contrary to
neutrality ; nor does it become such, except on par-
ticular occasions, when it cannot take placc without
injury to one of the parties, who has then a particu-
lar right to oppose it. Thus, the besieger hat, anglit
to prohibit access to the place besieged, (seescction
one hundred and seventeen in the sequel.) Except
in eases of this nature, shall the quarrels ol others
deprive me of the free exercise of my rights in the
pursuit of measures which I judge advantageous to
my people? Therefore, when it is the custom of a
nation, for the purpose of emploving and tiainirg
her subjects, to permit levies of troops in favor of a
particular Power to whom she thinks proper to in-
trust them, the enemy of that Power cannot look
