1968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
the general tariff bill, which contained salt,
coal, and various other articles, was that I
wished to get the sense of the Senate on the
tea and coffee bill by itself; but, as a matter of
course, if the Senator proposes, as he has a per-
fect right to do, to add salt also to the free list,
and the Senator from Maine, as he has a right
to do, proposes to add coal to the free list, and
the Senator from Indiana proposes amend-
ments also, and other Senators propose amend-
ments to the tea and coffee bill, we can do
nothing; we had better at once go back to the
original tariff bill and proceed with its consid-
eration. The only object in allowing this bill
to pass separately is to relieve a trade amount-
ing to about one hundred millions a year, and
likewise, as the Senator from New York [Mr.
CoxKLixe] suggests, to instruct us what to do;
but we have been pretty severely instructed
already, for the Senate and the House have
both made up their mind to give a free break-
fast, as they call it. There is a great deal of
humbuggery in_ that; but I will not stop to
debate it. I think we could relieve our people
much more from taxes by reducing the duties
• on other articles.
But the Senator from Illinois can see what
the object was in laying aside the general tariff
bill. It was to have a separate vote on tea
and coffee. Let us settle that, get it out of
the way, and end the controversy about those
two articles. But if the Senator proposes to
debate the question of salt, and then the Sen-
ator from Maine proposes to debate the ques-
tion of coal, and other Senators propose two
or three amendments to this bill, we had better
fall back at once on the general tariff bill and
stand where we were a few minutes ago.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not willing to give
the advantage which I think is taken by the
proposition to act separately on the tea and
eoflee bill, as proposed by the Senator from
Pennsylvania. We all understand that he
favors such tariff as will collect the duties on
those articles which are to a.large extent pro-
duced in this country. A duty thus laid, in
my judgment, so far from being a tax levied in
the interests of labor, is a tax upon the labor
and industry of the country. There never was
a greater misnomer than that which has been
given to a protective tariff by calling it a tariff
m the interest of American industry. The
protective principle I think can be shown to be
adverse to American industry. The effect of
the protective principle is to burden the inter-
ests of the country, and even the manufacturers
of the country, except particular classes.
I stated in a remark or two which I made
the other day that a tax was paid by the labor-
ing man on every-article which was manufac-
tured from ivon. I did not mean to be under-
stood that the tax was paid to the manufac-
turer ; that is, the man who worked the iron into
a shovel or an ax, but it is paid rather to the
producer of the iron. The ax and every uten-
sil that is used by the people of this country,
composed of iron, pays a tax, and it pays it
by reason of the increased cost of iron or steel
which is used in the article. The blacksmith
who makes a hoe gets none of this benefit of
protection, but he has to paj; more for the iron
and the steel which he uses in making the hoe
in consequence of the duty which is laid upon
iron and steel.
As I expect to vote against this proposition
to repeal absolutely the duty on tea and coffee,
I desire to state in a very few words the rea-
son why I shall so vote. I do not propose to
argue the tariff question generally, nor to
make any general speech on the subject. I
am not prepared with statistics to do so. I
have been too much occupied with other mat-
ters to gather the necessary facts to go into an
elaborate discussion on this subject; but I
wish to state briefly and as plainly as I can
why I .shall vote against the repeal of the duty
on tea and coffee.
The Senator from Ohio has very properly
remarked that this is called giving a free break-
fast, and he thinks there is a good deal of hum-
bug about it. I think so too. I shall not vote
against the repeal of the duty on tea and coffee
because I do not wish to reduce the taxes, nor
because I am opposed to a free breakfast. I
should be glad to have tea and coffee relieved
from tax, and everything else if it were possi-
ble to carry on the Government without means;
but we all know that is impossible. We must
have a revenue to support the Government and
to pay the interest on the public debt. Every
duty that is laid is a tax upon the people, no
matter whether it be upon tea or coffee or some
other article.
Now, why do I object to repealing the duty
on tea and coffee, and prefer to reduce the
burdens of the people in some other way?
Tea and coffee are not produced in this coun-
try, and the tax which is laid upon them adds
just so much to their cost. The tax of fifteen
cents a pound upon tea and three cents a
pound upon coffee adds that much to the cost
of the articles. The amount of revenue de-
rived from these two articles last year was a
little over nineteen million dollars. The peo-
ple of this country then were taxed on their
tea and coffee a little over nineteen million
dollars; but every cent of that $19,000,000
went into the Treasury of the United States,
excepting the small percentage required to
pay the cost of collection.
If we repeal the duty upon tea and coffee,
it compels us to keep the duty upon other
articles which are to some extent produced in
this country. The $19,000,000 that we pay on
tea and coffee you will see by a calculation is
in round numbers about fifty cents a head for
each individual in the United States, our popu-
lation being about thirty-eight millions ; so that
every individual pays a tax of fifty cents to the
Government every year on his tea and coffee.
Why, then, should wo not take it off? Be-
cause in doing that we are compelled to tax
the individual three times fifty cents on other __       
articles. Let me illustrate this. We have a i question with the Senator's permission.
which we lay noon that which is imported
from abroad. But in regard to woolen goods
this is not true. Three fourths of all the
woolen goods that are used by the people of
this country are manufactured in this country,
and if you assume that the amount of duty
which is laid upon woolen goods is added to
the price, then it makes $99,000,000 that is
added to the price of woolen goods consumed
by the people of the United States in a single
year.
Some Senator asked me the other day if the
amount of the duty was always added to the
price of the article when it was produced partly
in this country. I say no ; the entire amount
is not. Some gentleman asked me would a
duty of fifty per cent, on potatoes raise the
price of all potatoes fifty per cent. Cer-
tainly not, because potatoes are produced here
cheaper than anywhere else and we do not
import potatoes to any considerable extent,
Mr. POMEROY. From Bermuda,
Mr. TRUMBULL. A few potatoes com^
from Bermuda that my friend from Kansas
who likes early potatoes purchases and pays
a high price for. But the amount of the duty
is not always added to the price of the article,
and I do not think it is in the case of woolen
goods to the full extent; but I think a large
proportion of tbis sixty-eight per cent., which
is about the average duty on woolen goods, is
added to the price of the woolen goods which
the people consume. Assuming it to be so,
then the people of the United States who use
the woolen garments and the woolen cloths
and the woolen blankets pay $99,000,000,
which is $2 50 apiece, in order to get
$29,000,000 into the Treasury. Now, in order
to relieve the people of the tax on tea and
coffee and to give them a free breakfast, you
relieve them from fifty cents apiece, but by
keeping your high tariff on woolen goods you
impose upon them $2 50 apiece.
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to ask ,
duty on woolen goods, the average of which is
about sixty-eight per cent, at the present time.
The value of woolens produced in the United
States during the last year was about one
hundred and seventy-six million dollars. We
collected in duties on woolen goods imported
from abroad $29,000,000. Now, if you will
add the increased cost occasioned by the duty
of sixty-eight per cent, to the one hundred and
seventy-six millions of goods which we pro-
duced in this country, you will see that in order
to get $29,000,000 on the foreign woolen goods
which we imported we paid $70,000,000 to
those who manufactured the woolen goods in
this country. Who manufacture the woolen
goods in this country? Avery few persons.
Who pay this $70,000,000? The great mass
of the people. Tea and coffee, although they
are spoken of as the necessaries of life, are n ot
absolutely necessaries; but woolen goods are,
certainly in the northern half of this Union.
Men must have clothing, must have blankets,
must have something to protect them from the
weather.
\ou will see, Mr. President, assuming that
the amount of the duty on woolen goods is
added to the price of all the woolen goods we
consume, just as the amount of the duty on
tea and coffee is added to the price of tea'and
coffee, it makes $99,000,000 that the people
of this couxitry pay iu consequence of the
duty that is imposed upon woolen goods. How
much of that $99,000,000 goes into the Treas-
ury? Twenty-nine million dollars. What
becomes of the other $70,000,000? It goes*
into the pockets of the manufacturers.
Why, then, do I insist that we should lay
these duties, or a portion of them, at any
i rate, which are a burden to the people, upon
tea and coffee? Because the whole amount
ol the tax laid upon tea and coffee goes into
the Treasury, no tea or coffee being produced
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask the Senator if he
has any right to assume that we should put-
chase woolen goods any cheaper than we do
now if the foreign manufacturer commanded
our market and we produced no woolen goods"!
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot say how that
would be; but probably a reduction of one
half of the duty on woolens would shut ur'
our manufactories of cloths. I think we should
still continue to produce woolen goods, and
the people would get them at greatly reduced
prices.^ How it would be if none were pro-
duced here, I am not prepare'd to say ; but 1
presume that if our manufacture of woolen
goods were to cease instantly, the demand
from abroad would be greatly increased, and
it would enhance the price in foreign markets
somewhat beyond what it now is; but I do
not think that a reduction of one half would
reduce the production in this country to any
considerable extent.
If [ have made myself understood, I have
shown that by keeping up the tax on woolen
goods, a necessary of life, we have to pay
two dollars to the manufacturers in this coun-
try in order to get one dollar into the Treas-
ury of the United States, and it is therefore
very unwise in my judgment to impose a tariff
entirely upon those articles which are parth
produced in the country.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As we now
have a doctor on this subject who knows all
about it, I desire to ask him a question if
he is perfectly willing, and I know he is so
expert m repiy that he will not hesitate to
answer any question that I can put. I desire
fo ask him now if, as we imported last year I
think two hundred and eighteen thousand
wheat> from which we derived but
,000 revenue, he argues, as he seems to
. , . no tea or cottee being produced 1 argue, that the whr>ip. TTrntarl ' i
m this country, the price of none grown here II therefore paid , dutv of tl ^ .
- ■  to«  f SS,iV:S ssu
