1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1969
been consumed in the country, amounting to
hundreds of millions of bushels, I will not
say how much, for I have no figures, but
much larger than ten times the amount that
has been paid on woolen goods?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Most undoubtedly not.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If not, why
not? Are they not strictly parallel cases ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think they are very un-
like, about as unlike as black and white. I do
not suppose that if there was a duty of a dollar
a bushel laid on corn, it would make the corn
in my State, which sells now for twenty or
twenty-five cents a bushel, worth $1 20 per
bushel. I know that these skillful gentlemen
who prepare tariffs in the manufacturing inter-
ests will sometimes lay a duty on an article
like corn or wheat and then say to the people,
" Now, do you not see that has not increased
the price of corn or wheat?" Of course it
has not. How does the case of woolens differ
from the case of wheat? A few bushels of
wheat were imported, probably seed-wheat
or something of that kind ; but the quarter
of all your woolen goods came from abroad;
the country does not produce them, but we
produce all the wheat we need, and quite as
cheaply as it can be raised elsewhere.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But the same
facts exist in relation to certain classes of
woolens. I am acquainted with the price of
woolen goods on the border of our country
between here and the Canadian dominions,
and I am told that merchants on the other
side can buy some classes of woolens cheaper
in the American market than they can in the
British.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, what I
have said in regard to woolen goods is true as
to a great many other necessaries of life. I
said the other day that iron was the most valu-
ableofmetals, universally used. Nofamily lives
without the use of more or less iron for domes-
tic purposes. The rate of duty that is laid per
ton ou iron is about seven dollars, I think.
The pig iron produced in this country lastyear,
as I am informed, was one million eight hun-
dred and fifty thousand tons. We imported
from abroad about one hundred and eighty
thousand tons. Only about one tenth of the
pig iron used in this country comes from abroad.
We received in duties on the imported iron
$1,454,000. That is all that went into the
Treasury. How much did it cost the people to
get $1,454,000 into the Treasury? If you as-
sume that the price of iron was increased to
the extent of the duty laid upon it, the people
of this country paid in round numbers $13,000, -
000. In the enhanced price thatwas paid for
the iron, they paid $13,000,000 in order to get
$1,454,000 into the Treasury. And where did
the eleven and a half millions and upward of
this money paid by the consumers, those who
used the iron, go ? It went to the benefit of
the parties who produced your pig iron. The
farmers of my State had to pay this increased
price on all the iron they used.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator permit me,
while he is at that point and illustrating his
doctrine by pig iron, to put a question to
him?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. SCOTT. He assumes that the duty
levied upon pig iron is added to the cost. I
assume that the duty levied upon wheat and
Indian corn must be added to the cost upon
the same reasoning, for I cannot see any differ-
ence. Now I find upon taking the last agri-
cultural report that the value of the wheat
raised in Illinois last year was §25,488,100,
and the duty upon that would make $5,097,000.
The value of the product of Indian corn was
$70,482,300, and the duty on that would make
$7,000,000 ; so that if the Senator's theory is
true that the duty levied upon any article is
added to the cost, then the iron manufacturers
of Pennsylvania of whom he is complaining,
and who practically use the wheat and corn
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 124,
of the State of Illinois, have paid to the peo-
ple of that State $12,145,000 duties on wheat
and corn. I should like to know if the duty
levied upon an article is added to it, why that
does not apply equally to wheat and to pig
iron ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is an old saying that
"the proof of the pudding is in the eating."
What does the Senator from Pennsylvania
want this duty of seven dollars a ton on iron
for, except to enhance its price for the manu-
facturer's benefit? We do not want if on corn.
I will agree with you to take all the tariff duty
off the importation of corn. It does not affect
the price of corn at all, because we produce it
in this country cheaper than it can be raised
anywhere else, and the putting a duty of a
dollar a bushel on it does not affect it at all. I
tried to answer the Senator from Vermont in
reference to that a moment ago. But we can-
not and do not produce in this country the pig
iron which the necessities of this country re-
quire. We have to import a very large amount.
I am sorry.that in the few remarks I am
making, when I stated at the outset that I did
not propose to go into a general discussion of
the tariff, but merely wanted to give the reasons
why I should vote against the-absolute repeal
of the duty on tea and coffee, my friends
from Vermont and Pennsylvania are so dis-
turbed that they cannot keep their seats until
I shall get through with these brief remarks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. 1 assure the
Senator that if it disturbs him I will not ask the
queslion I rose to ask; but it is on the very
point that he is now raiding an aigument upon
I desire a little more information. lie says
that the fact that we produce so much corn
and wheat in this country is what prevents the
operation of the tariff in increasing its price.
N ow I want to know from the Senator whether
it does not have the same effect if we pro-
duced two millions of tons of pig iron, that it
does have in. the production of corn and
wheat. In other words, I ask whether the
fact of our producing a large amount of pig
iron does not lessen the price and the cost to
the whole world ?
Mr. PATTERSON. And so of woolens.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it does to some
extent. I have not said that the price of these
articles was in every instance increased to the
entire amount of the duty. I have stated two
or three times over that I did not think it was,
though on some articles that are not produced
in this country at all that is the effect, and I
presume the Senator from Vermont agrees
that the price of a pound of tea is increased by
the full extent of the duty you put upon it.
Mr. PATTERSON. I- would like to ask
the Senator a question just there. On the
same principle, 1 ask the Senator from Illinois
if he does not think that in some instances the
laying of a tariff duty would lessen the price
of the article to the consumer ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot conceive how
it would.
Mr. PATTERSON. If the non-production
of an article in this country gives the market
entirely to the foreign producer, may he not
impose upon the consumer a price which he
otherwise would not have to pay if the article
was produced here, as it would be under a
tariff?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not apprehend the
Senator's point.
Mr. PATTERSON. Suppose there were
no woolen cloths produced in this country;
they were all produced abroad ; we had to buy
all our woolens with what we produced from
the earth here?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Just as we do tea and
offee.
Mr. PATTERSON. Would not the market
here then be entirely under the control of the
producer of woolen cloths abroad? Could he
not command our market? But if by laying
a tariff duty we caused the production of
woolen cloths at home, might we not secure
them at a lower price by competing than we
could without a tariff?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If you could make a
combination that would govern the whole
world, there might be force in the Senator's
suggestion; not otherwise. Take tea and cof-
fee. We do not produce these articles here
at all. Does the Senator from New Hamp-
shire mean to say that the price of tea and
coffee is reduced in this country by reason of
putting a tariff duty on them? Certainly he
does not mean that.
Mr. PATTERSON. I wish to say to the
Senator that this is not a parallel case. If our
soil is not adapted to the raising of tea and
coffee, any amount of tariff cannot create it in
this country; but by laying a tariff on the pro-
duction of woolens, we may create the produc-
tion of them in this country.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We may produce them
in this country at a very extravagant cost,
and that is what I am complaining of. It is
that instead of allowing the laborer to obtain
the greatest reward for his labor, and to buy
where he can buy cheapest and sell where
he can get the most for his productions, you
by a system of legislation propose to make
him buy at an extravagant price. Now, if a
person in the State of Illinois can raise five
bushels of corn and buy a pair of shoes with
less labor than lie can make the shoes, why
not let him use his labor in that way that will
bring the greatest reward? But instead of
doing that, yoxi propose to put a tax upon the
leather and hides and everything else that
goes into the making of the shoe, and make
him pay more for it than he would otherwise
have to pay, and this, too, under the misnomer
of protecting American industry.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to ask 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think, having got
through with New England and Pennsylva-
nia, I cannot consent to be questioned by
Oregon. [Laughter.] With all due respect
to my friend from Oregon, I hope he will let
me get through.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator from Illi-
nois is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should have been
through long ago if Senators had been content
to let me state the reasons why I should not
vote for what they have popularly called the
free-breakfast proposition. Now, I want to
say a word or two about salt. The estimated
number of bushels of salt produced in this
country is twenty millions. We lay a duty on
salt of eighteen cents and twenty-four cents
per hundred pounds, eighteen in bulk and
twenty-four in sacks. The amount that we
received last year in duties on imported salt
was a little less than $1,200,000. The value
of the imported salt in the foreign market was
$1,158,208 56, and for the privilege of bring-
ing that salt into this country we paid $1,176,-
587 37 duty, something more than the first
cost of the article. Salt is one of the neces-
sities of life, quite as necessary as tea and
coffee, quite as necessary for this " free break-
fast," and I hope the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania now, as he is in favor of the free break-
fast, will let the people have their salt free;
but I am afraid he will not. Why not? Why,
there are some few persona up in the State of
New York, and there are some others up in
the State of Michigan, and I believe there are
some in the State of Ohio, who are manufac-
turing salt, and they want to be protected;
that is, they want the privilege of compelling
the people to pay them—not into the Treas-
ury—the enhanced price of salt occasioned by
laying a duty on that which is imported. They
want the privilege of fixing their own price, so
they do not put it so high that the foreign pro-
ducer of salt can afford to pay in duties more
than its original cost and then undersell them.
People can get along without tea and coffee;
