1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Carpenter.
Senate.
upon such permissions as acts of hostility, unless
they are given with a view to the invasion of his
territories or the support of an odious and evidently
unjust eause. He cannot even demand, as matter
of right, that the like favor be granted to him, be-
cause that nation may have reasons for refusing
hiui which do not hold good with regard to his
adversary; and it belongs to that nation alone to
judge ot what best suits her circumstances. The
Switzers, as we have already observed, grant levies
of troops to whom they please; and no Power has
hitherto thought fit to quarrel with them on that
head. It must, however, be owned"—
Now he comes back to ethics and not to law,
because no such case has ever arisen—
"that if those levies were considerable and consti-
tuted the principal strength of my enemy, while,
without any substantial reason being alleged, I were
absolutely refused all levies whatever, I slfould have
just cause to consider that nation as leagued with niy
enemy; and in this ease the care of my own safety
would authorize me to treat her as such.
" The case is the same with respect to money
which a nation may have been accustomed to lend
out at interest."
I wish to call special attention to the point
made here by all these authorities ; the whole
subject seems to be one of good faith. If a
nation ha? been accustomed to lend a fund of
money; for instance, if we had $100,000,000
set, apart as an educational fund to lend to the
States of the Union or to foreign nations in-
differently, and had been accustomed to loan
that money for years for interest, we might
have lent it either to France or Germany dur-
ing the war. Let me read that again :
"The case is the same with respect to money which
a nation may have been accustomed to lend out at
interest. If the sovereign, or his subjects, lend
money to my enemy on that footing, and refuse it to
me because they have not the same confidence in
me, this is no breach of neutrality."
In other words the point of loaning money
to one nation and refusing to loan it to the
other must rest on the ground that such dis-
crimination is dictated only by the prudence
of the nation making the loan ; it must be a
case where the investment is made in one
case and denied in the other for prudential
reasons touching our own interests, and not
in bad faith and from a desire and with a
design to take part iu the war. The intention
settles the legality or illegality of the trans-
action. If this country chooses to loan money,
and loans it to a belligerent, because it wants
to loan it, without any intention to prejudice
the other party beyond what necessarily results
from loaning money, it may do so. Vattel
says:
"They lodge their property where they think it
safest. If such preference be not founded on good
reasons"—
Here he comes back to the precise point—
411 may impute it to ill-will against me, or to a pre-
dilection for my enemy. Yet if I should make it a
pretense for declaring war, both the true principles
of the law of nations and the general custom hap-
pily established m Europe would join in condemn-
ing me. While it appears that this nation lends out
her money purely lor the sake of gaining an interest
upon it, she is at liberty to dispose ot it according
to her own discretion ; and I have no right to com-
plain."
It will be seen that this author fully recog-
nizes the right of any neutral nation to prose-
cute the same measures of internal adminis-
tration pending a war between other nations
that it was accustomed to before the war broke
out. If we had a fund of money to lend, if
we had ships and ammunition to sell long
before this war commenced, and were loaning
the money and were selling these ships, then
our continuing to do so in good faith, without
any intention thereby to become a party to or
to turn the scale between those two nations,
violates no principle of the law of nations, as
Vattel says, and gives no cause of complaint.
Then he proceeds:
"But if the loan were evidently granted for the
purpose of enabling an enemy to attack me, this
would be concurring in the war against me. _
*'If the troops above alluded to were furnished
to my enemy by the State herself, and at her own
expense, or the money in like manner lent by the
State, without interest, itwould no longer be a doubt-
ful question whethersuch assistance were incompati-
ble with. neutrality."
Why? Because if she was accustomed to
loan money upon interest, and in case of war
should loan her money to one 6f tbe Powers
withoutinterest, she thereby cbanges her policy
and shows her intention to influence the strife
that is in progress between those Powers.
Then the question of intention is settled by
the. circumstances of the case against the
neutral.
" Further, it may be affirmed on the same princi-
ples, that if a nation trades in arms, timber for ship-
building, vessels, and warlike stores, I cannot take
it amiss that she sells such things to my enemy, pro-
vided she does not refuse to sell them to me also at
a reasonable price. She carries on her trade without
any design to injure me; and by continuing in the
same manner as if 1 were not engaged in war, she
gives me no just cause of complaint."
Vattel then proceeds in section one hundred
and eleven to the case of a neutral nation re-
sorting to a belligerent country for commercial
purposes:
" In whatlhavesaid above, it is supposed that my
enemy goes himself to a neutral country to make
his purchases. Let us now discuss another case,
that of neutral nations resorting to my enemy's
country for commercial purposes. It is certain, as
they have no part in my quarrel, they are under no
obligation to renounce their commerce for the sake
of avoiding to supply my enemy with the means of
carrying on the war against me. Should they affect
to refuse selling me a single article, while at the
same time they take pains to convey an abundant sup-
ply to my enemy, with an evident intention to favor
him, such partial conduct would exclude them from
the neutrality they enjoyed. But if they only con-
tinue their customary trade, they do uot thereby
declare themselves against any interest, they only
exercise a right which they are under no obligation
of sacrificing to me.
" On the other hand, whenever I am at war with
a natioD, both my safety and welfare prompt me to
deprive her, as far as possible, of everything which
may enable her to resistor injure me. In this in-
stance the law of necessity exerts its full force. If
that law warrants me, on occasion, to seize what
belongs to other people, will it not likewise warrant
me to intercept everything belonging to war which
neutral nations are carrying to my enemy? Even
if I should, by taking such measures, render all
those neutral nations my enemies, I had better run
that hazard than suffer him who is actually at war
with me thus freely to receive supplies, and collect
additional strength to oppose me. It is therefore
very proper, and perfectly conformable to the law
of nations (which disapproves of multiplying the
causes of war) not to consider those seizures ot the
goods of neutral nations as acts ot hostility.
"When I have notified to them my declaration
of war against such or such a nation, it they will
afterward expose themselves to risk in supplying
her with such things which serve to cany on war,
they will have no reason to complain if their goods
fall into my possession, and I, on the other hand, do
not declare war against them for having attempted
to convey such goods. They suffer, indeed, by a war
in which they have no concern; but they suffer
accidentally. I do not oppose their right. I only
exert my own; and if our rights clash with and re-
ciprocally injure each other, that circumstance is
the effect of inevitable necessity. Such collisions
daily happen in war. When, in pursuance ot my
rights, I exhaust a country from which you derive
jour subsistence, when X besiege a city with which
you carried on a profitable trade, I doubtless injure
you; I subject you to losses and inconveniences; but
it is without any design of hurting you. I only
make use of my rights, and consequently do you no
inj ustice."
It is evident, I think, that V-attel does not
support the distinction made by the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] between a
sale of goods contraband of war, made by the
sovereign, or one which is permitted by the
sovereign to be made by his subjects. Sup-
pose a nation to be engaged in the manufac-
ture of arms, and to have been so engaged for
a series of years, selling them to other nations.
The question is whether, atter a war breaks
out between two other nations, to both of
whom she has sold arms for years, she is for-
bidden to continue such sale, taking of couise
the risk of such arms being intercepted and
treated as contraband. The fact is, the writers
on the law of nations—that is, the old stand-
ard authors—recognize the right of neutrals to
trade in contraband with the belligerent, but
also recognize the right of one belligerent to
prevent the advantage which would be enjoyed
by its opponent from the purchase, by seizing
and confiscating the contraband articles. Our
modern writers have tried to eliminate this
conflict of rights and criticise these rales by a
principle which is sound in municipal law, that
one cannot have a right to do what another
has a right to prevent. Hence the conclusion ■
that trade in articles contraband is illegal, and
although it is admitted that the sovereign of a
neutral nation may permit liis subjects to carry
oh such trade, he cannot do so himself.
But it is difficult to perceive how it can be
innocent in a sovereign to permit his subjects
to do what is in violation of the law of nations
without incurring censure. A more satisfac-
tory solution would seem to be that the prin-
ciple of municipal law above mentioned has
no place in a code which applies to parties—
sovereign nations—which acknowledge no com-
mon superior ; and that it necessarily results
that each may exercise its right; that is, the
neutral sovereign may carry 011 his accustomed
trade with a belligerent, subject to the same
contingency that applies to such traffic when
conducted by his subjects, that the prop-
erty will be lost if it fall into the power of the
opposing belligerent. And although I do not
speak with confidence, not having examined
as to this point particularly, because it is not
involved in the case before us, yet my impres-
sion is that no writer on the law of nations of
fifty years standing recognizes any such dis-
tinction against the sovereign of a neutral
State. And no writer can be considered as an
authority upon the law of nations whose work
has not stood the test of time and enjoyed the •
approving assent of the nations.
Mr. President, I claim that these authorities
establish the doctrine which I have attempted
to maintain, that tbe Government of the Uni-
ted States having, from 1825 to the present
time, in peace and war, sold its unsuitable
arms, and having in 1868 by this mandatory
statute commanded the Secretary of War to
sell them, long before any war was anticipated
or existed, and subsequently the Secretary of
War having merely obeyed this act in the sale
of these arms, I believe that if he had sold
them in the ciiy of Washington to Louis Napo-
leon, and delivered them to him personally, it
would have been 110 violation of our neutral
obligations. I have desired to present this
subject because of the importance it may have
in the subsequent history of this country.
Mr. President, we are a great nation ; we are
advancing to the forefront among the Powers
of the earth; we cannot always beat peace,
and we shall not always be at war ; butitis im-
portant to us as a nation that in all these par-
ticulars we should vindicate sound doctrine,
that we should stand by the law of nations, and
stand by all the principles and all the excep-
tions as well as the rules, that hereafter we
may be at liberty to take our proper ground
under the laws of nations to protect our rights.
There are special reasons why this country
should maintain such a doctrine. Here we
are with laws that permit the subjects of all
foreign nations to become citizens of the Uni-
ted States by our easy naturalization process.
We have German citizens and English citi-
zens, Irish citizens, French citizens, Italians,
and will soon have from all the nations of the
earth. Everjbody now, I believe, can come
here except the Chinese; the negroes from
central Aiiica can come here and he natural-
ized in five years. Now, see what will result if
we do not stand by this doctrine. These mil-
itary stores and arms, of course, will only be
sold to be used in war; that everybody knows.
They cannot be sold for any other purpose.
When arms become unsuitable in the sense of
this statute, they will not be bought by a pri-
vate gentleman for sportiugpurposes. That
is not the object. They will be sold when
some great war creates a demand for them,
and not otherwise ; and while they may be
unsuitable for us in a time of peace and
within the meaning of this statute, they may
