1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
By Mr. SHERWOOD: The petition of
Cyrus Sunderlind and 24 others, of Tioga and
Potter counties, Pennsylvania, asking the pas-
sage of House bill No. 1738.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 22, 1872.
The Senate met at three o'clock p. m.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the reading
of the Journal be dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the reading of the Journal will be
dispensed with. The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senate, as they
have kindly consented for two days before, to
take up the moment the regular morning
business is through with the apportionment
bill, in order that we may complete it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can decide that
when we get through with the morningbusiness.
It seems to me this is the very time that the
Journal ought to be read if it is made up. We
ought to know what the proceedings of last
night were.
Mr. CAMERON. The motion which I will
make will show probably to the Senator. I
shall make a motion immediately to go into
executive session, and in the meanwhile the
Clerk will have time to make up the Journal of
yesterday. Certainly he has not yet had time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did
not understand the Senator from Illinois to
object, but if lie did the Journal must be read.
Mr. CAMERON. He does not object, I
think.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We shall get through
the Journal probably in a few minutes. I do
not know that it will be very long; but I think
we ought to know what the Journal is of
such sessions as we had yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did
not hear objection, but the Senator states that
he made it. That is sufficient for the Chair.
The Journal therefore must be read. Its read-
ing can only be dispensed with by unanimous
consent.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In listening to the Journal
I did not hear any note of the order of the
Senate to send for absentees.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois moves to correct the Journal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; 1 only called atten-
tion to the fact that I did not hear in the read-
ing of the Journal any notice of the order to
send for absentees. I understand there was
such an order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator speak
from his own knowledge ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think I oughtto have
some knowledge of it when an officer came to
me and stated the fact.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 thinkthatissatisfactory
evidence.
Mr. POMEROY. There was such an order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois move to correct the Journal ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
whether I was awakened in the night without
authority of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that he i3 informed by the Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Ferry,] who was presiding
at the time, that a motion was made by the
Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony]
requesting absent Senators to appear in the
Senate Chamber, and it was agreed to. It
was found that there had been a quorum pres-
ent on the previous roll-call, and it was a
question in the Secretary's mind whether the
case came within the eighth rule, which pro-
vides that " no Senator shall absent himself
from the service of the Senate without leave
of the Senate first obtained. And in case a
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 236.
less number than a quorum of the Senate
shall convene, they are hereby authorized to
send the Sergeant-at-Arms, or any other per-
son or persons by them authorized, for any or
all absent Senators," &c. But the Senator
has a right to have the Journal corrected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not care about it.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I was not in
when the Senator from Illinois made his point.
I should like to know what it was.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ' There was no
motion to correct the Journal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was awakened, and I
wanted to know whether it was by authority
of the Senate. Perhaps the Senator .from
Michigan can tell.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I will merely
answer the Senator by sayicig that I did not
know the Senator was awakened j but the offi-
cer was authorized to awaken all the Senators,
or notify them that the Senate desired their
presence.
Mr. CAMERON. In corroboration of what
the Senator on my right said, I will say that I
was awakened a little before two o'clock this
morning, and I responded; that is, I got out
of bed and came here and remained.
supplemental apportionment bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senate the
moment the morning business is gone through
with to take up and finish the apportionment
bill that has been so long under consider-
ation.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to that proposition? The Chair hears
none.
message from tiie iiouse.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had disagreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 1914) to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to negotiate with the chiefs and head-
men of the Shoshone and Bannock tribes of
Indians for the relinquishment of their reser-
vation in Wyoming Territory, asked for a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Sam-
uel S. Burdett of Missouri, Mr. John P. C.
Shanks of Indiana, and Mr. William Wil-
liams of New York, managers at the same on
its part.
The message also announced that the House
bad agreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 1672) granting to the
Davenport and St. Paul Railroad Company
the right of way.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 37a) for
the relief of J. Ross Browne, late minister to
China.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 017) in relation to
the Dakota Southern Railroad Company, with
an amendment; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills ; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 333) for the relief of Mrs.
M. S. Morse, administratrix and widow of
Isaac E. Morse, deceased ;
A bill (II. R. No. 772) to incorporate the
Loomis Aiirial Telegraph Company;
A bill (H. R. No. 1121) to grant a pecuniary
allowance to the families of diplomatic and
consular officers who die abroad ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2508) for the relief of
John Black, late consul of the United States
at the city of Mexico ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2570) for the relief of
T. H. Holderness, owner of the British ship
Duke of Edinburg;
A bill (H. R. No. 2708) relative to the cen-
tennial international exhibition to be held in
the city of Philadelphia, State of Pennsylvania,
in the year of 1876 ;
A biil (H. R. No. 2622) for the relief of
James De Long, late United States consul at
Aux Cayes, Hayti ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2854) to establish certain
post routes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2855) relative to the pur-
chase of articles for the Government.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speakei '
of the House had signed the enrolled bill
(H. R. No. 2761) to remove political disabil-
ities imposed by the fourteenth article of the
amendmentsof the Constitution of the United
States; and it was thereupon signed by the
Vice President.
house bills referred.
The following bills were severally readtwica
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations:
A bill (H. R. No. 333) for the relief of Mrs.
M. S. Morse, administratrix and widow of
Isaac E. Morse, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 1121) to grant a pecuni-
ary allowance to the families of diplomatic
and consular officers who die abroad ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2708) relative to the cen-
tennial international exhibition to be held in
the city of Philadelphia, State of Pennsylvania,
in the year 1876 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2797) providing for the
payment to the Government ot Japan, from the
indemnity fund, the sum due on account of
rents for lands and buildings occupied by the
diplomatic and consular representatives of the
United States to Japau, and for other purposes ;
A bill (H. 11. No. 2799) to provide for the
appointment of a secretary of legation at the
court of Japan, and for other purposes ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2853) relating to tele-
graphic communication between the United
States and foreign countries.
The following bills were severally read
twice by their til les, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce:
A bill (H. R. No. 837) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act, to regulate the diplomatic and
consular systems o( the United States," ap-
proved August 18, 1856;
A bill (H. R. No. 2568) for the relief of
John Black, late consul of the United States
at the city of Mexico ;
A bill (H. R. No 2570) for the relief of T.
H. Holderness, owner of the British ship
Duke of Edinburgh ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2622) for the relief of
James De Long, late consul at Aux Cayes,
Hayti; and
A bill (H. R. No. 772) to incorporate the
Loomis Aerial Telegraph Company.
The bill (H. R. No. 2850) authorizing the
construction of a public building at Philadel-
phia, Pennsylvania, for the use of the post
office and United States courts in said city,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The bill (H. R. No. 2854) to establish cer-
tain post routes was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
The bill (H. R. No. 2855) relative to the
purchase of articles for the Government was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The bill (H. R. No. 2851) to provide for
the restoration of the records of the proceed-
ings of the court of inquiry concerning the
operations of the army under the command
of General Don Carlos Buell, in Kentucky and
Tennessee, was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have that
bill put on its passage now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection the Chair will reserve this bill, as he
has a large quantity of business on his table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest that the bill
bo referred, and when the committee examine
it they can report it readily.
