3762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
shoshone and bannock reservation.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the message from the House of Rep-
resentatives asking a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(H. B. No. 1914) to authorize the Secretary
of the Interior to negotiate with the chiefs
and head-men of the Shoshone and Bannock
tribes of Indians for the relinquishment of
their reservation in Wyoming Territory.
On motion of Mr. WILSON the Senate
proceeded to consider its amendments to
the said bill, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives. '
• On motion by Mr. WILSON, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Wilson, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Edmonds the
conferees on the part of the Senate.
dakota southern railroad.
Mr. BOREMAN. There is a bill on the
table in relation to the Southern Dakota rail-
road, a Senate bill that has come back from
the House with a small amendment, to which
nobody will object. I ask that it be concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 617) in relation
to the Dakota Southern Railroad Company.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was at the end of the last section to
insert :
Provided, That nothing in this act shall relievo
said Dakota Southern .Railroad Company from con-
structing and completing said railroad in accord-
ance with the conditions and stipulations under
which tho citizens of tho counties therein named
voted aid to said railroad in accordance with the
laws of said Territory, approved April 21, 1871:
Provided further. That said l>akota Southern Rail-
road Company shall issue to tho respective counties
and townships voting to aid said railroad paid-up
cortilieates of stock in amount equal to the sums
paid fay tho respective couuties and townships.
The amendment was concurred in.
national savings bank.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the an-
nual statement of the National Savings Bank,
of Washipglon, District of Columbia, for the
year ending December 31, 1871; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
personal explanation.
Mr. ALCORN. I desire to make a brief
personal explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Mississippi asks consent to make a personal
explanation. Is there objection? The Chair
hears none.
Mr. ALCORN. I wish to state that I re-
mained in the Senate the night before last and
last night and until this morning, when what is
known as the Ku Klux bill passed. My under-
standing was that the civil rights bill was then
to be taken up and that the Senate was to
adjourn, and I left the Senate with that under-
standing and went to my room. Subsequently
that bill waa taken up and passed, and the
amnesty bill was also taken up and passed.
Both bills I have felt an interest in. I am
very glad indeed that the amnesty bill was
passed by so large a majority. I wish to say
that had I been here I should have voted for
both those bills.
bridge on arkansas river.
Mr. CLAYTON. Some days ago I entered
a motion to reconsider the vote on the pas-
sage of the bill relative to the construction of
a bridge across the Arkansas river at Little
Rock. I now ask leave to withdraw that
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to withdrawing the motion? The Chair
hear3 none. The motion is withdrawn.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition and
papers of Chester Thomas, praying for pay-
ment of beef cattle taken for the use of the
United States Army; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, praying the passage
of House bill No. 1738, granting pensions to
partially disabled soldiers; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented three petitions of late
soldiSrs and sailors, praying that industrial
homes and training schools be established for
the orphans of soldiers and sailors who served
the United States in the war of the rebellion ;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented the
petition of Morris Ketchum, praying to be
allowed to substitute an American for a for-
eign register ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
papers withdrawn and referred.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask leave to
withdraw the petition of Ingersoll & Granger
from the files of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has there been a report?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Which way?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Adverse.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then let copies be re-
tained.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont proposes to couple the order with a
condition that the parties shall leave copies
of the papers. The Chair hears no objection,
and the order will be made in that form.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask that an order be made
authorizing 0. B. k O. S. Latham to with-
draw from the Senate Committee on Claims
their memorial and papers. There has been
no report in the case.
Leave was granted.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of II. "\V.
tho Read, praying compensation for superintending
transportation of money belonging to tho United
States from St. Louis to Santa iY', New Mexico, in
tho year 18G.'i, be taken trom the tiles of tho Senate
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
reports 01? committees.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(II. R. No. 1982) to provide for the holding
a circuit court of the United States in and for
the western district of Missouri, have directed
me to report it back and recommend its pas-
sage. I think we can pass this bill in a mo-
ment. There will never be an opportunity to
pass such bills unless we run them through
when we report them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The struggle on the ap-
portionment bill has been stopping everything
for two or three days, which was reported
from the same committee before. I do not
want to object to my chairman.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we ought to
run through some of these bills that there is
no objection to. This is a bill to establish a
circuit court at Jefferson City. Nobody will
object to it. It will be passed as soon as it is
read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand a Senator
wishes to move an amendment providing for
another circuit court. I hope we shall have
an order to-day or to-morrow to take up un-
objected cases, and I think this ought to wait
with the others.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
on the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 846) to
provide for holding a circuit court of the United
States in and for the western district of Mis-
souri, have instructed me to report it back and
recommend its indefinite postponement. This
is a duplicate of the bill which the House has
passed and which I have just reported.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was refewed the bill
(H. R. No. 2775) for the relief of Samuel B.
Elliott, late acting purser of the United States
vessel of war the Flirt, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1891) to
amend an act entitled "An act to establish
the Department of Justice, and for other pur-
poses," reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2774) to pre-
vent certain officers of the United States and
Territories from practicing as attorneys or
solicitors in courts of the United States in
certain cases, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the samecoinmittee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 631) to
amend an act entitled "An actregulating pro-
ceedings in criminal cases, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1865, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 367) to amend
an act entitled " An act regulating proceed-
ings in criminal cases, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1865, moved that
it be indefinitely postponed, being a duplicate
of the preceding bill; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred sundry petitions of citizens
of Louisiana, asking for additional district
courts in that State, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of members of the
bar of Leavenworth, Kansas, for the estab-
lishment of a term of court in that city, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of the
Governor of the State of Tennessee, praying an
appropriation to that State for materials be-
longing to the Winchester and Alabama Rail-
road Company, which were used by the' Gov-
ernment during the late war, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the letter of the Secretary of War,
transmitting the claim of S. E. Ward for sup-
plies furnished for the Indian service, sub-
mitted a report accompanied by a bill (S. No.
1142) for the relief of S. E. Ward.
The report was ordered to be printed; and
the bill was read and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 663) for the
relief of David L. Wright, late captain of
company E, fifty-first regiment Indiana vol-
unteers, reported it without amendment, and
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1274) for the
-relief of Thomas F. Spencer, of Indiana, re-
ported it without amendment, and submitted
a report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1261) for the
relief of Thomas D. West, of Sandusky, in
the State of Ohio, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted a report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2709) for the relief of the State of Connecticut
and other States, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
