178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
investigation. Do we want, to refer tlie same
subject to two committees? I am satisfied with
the Committee on the Judiciary, and I think
he might be.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, let us
understand each other. The Committee on the
Judiciary are investigating and are authorized
to investigate no inquiry into the manner in
which offices are being used for political or party
purposes. I will tell you what the Committee
on the Judiciary has had referred to it. The
original resolution, which I offered, contained
this clause:
And also to consider the expediency of so amend-
ing the laws under which appointments to the civil
service are now made as to provide for the selection
of subordinate officers after due examination by
proper boards; tbeir continuance in office during
specified terms, unless dismissed upon charges pre-
ferred and sustained before tribunals designated tor
that purpose.
That was in the original resolution but is
omitted in this, and that is the subject referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary—a bill to
provide for examinations and in reference to
appointments to office; not a proposition to
know whether the patronage of this country
is not used for political or party purposes.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him again?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. ANTHONY. The whole of that sub-
ject is embraced in the bill introduced by the
Senator from Vermont, which is now before
the committee of which the Senator from Illi-
nois '13 chairman ; and that portion which he
objects to having stricken out is the very gist
and animus of the whole bill.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator from Rhode
Island will allow me, I will say to him that the
bill which was passed at the last session, under
which the President has been acting, was un-
derstood to and does cover the whole question,
and what the Senator from Illinois is urging
now has been urged by him prominently from
the first as a measure of civil service reform.
Now, the Senator wants to say that that has
not been referred to the President and is not
comprehended under his powers.
Mr. ANTHONY. And I hope the Senator
from Illinois will not forget that when he
offered that amendment I cooperated with him
actively in the matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am much obliged to
the Senatov from Rhode Island for having done
so. I thank him forit. He did cooperate with
me. But that has nothing to do with this
proposition, and the Senator from Indiana
cannot escape from his position of opposition
to this inquiry under any statute that has been
passed. I will read the act again, and I will
hold up the statute before the thinking, read-
ing, intelligent people of this country, and
I will ask them if there is one word in it 011
the subject of providing for withdrawing the
public, service from being used as an instru-
ment of political or party patronage. I say
there is not. I say that the proposition which
was adopted in the Senate by the aid of the
Senator from Rhode Island—I do not. know
that we had the aid of the Senator from Indi-
ana—was in reference to appointments to office,
aot in reference to the use of the offices after-
ward for poli'ical and part isan purposes. Now
I will read the whole of the act again, be-
cause I am not going, if I can prevent it, to
permit the Senator from Indiana by constant
asseveration to mislead the people as to what
that article is:
"Sec. 9. That the President of the United States
be, and'he is hereby, authorized to prescribe such
rules and regulations for the admission of persons
into the civil service of tho United States as will best
promote the efficiency thereof, and ascertain the3fit-
ness of each in respect to age, health, character,
knowledge, and ability, for the branch of service into
which he seeks to enter."
That is all that the President is authorized
to do as to appointments or appointees under
that act.
"And for this purpose the President is authorized
to employ suitable persons to conduct said inqui-
ries, to prescribe their duties, and to establish regu-
lations for the conduct of persons who may receive
appointments in the civil service."
He is authorized to call persons to his assist-
ance in framing rules in regard to the entry of
persons into the civil service.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
a word?
Mr. TRUMBULL. These interruptions are
becom ing very frequent. Is it a personal
Mr. MORTON, Simply a word in regard
to that law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose in the
sta'ement I am making to be constantly inter
rupted. If the Senator from Indiana thinks I ,
have misstated him in anything I have said I |
will yield at once.
Mr. MORTON. I do not. say that the Sen-
ator has misstated me, but I wish to call his
attention to the language that he has just read.
Mr. TRUMBULL, If it is merely calling my
attention to something else, that he can do
when I am through.
Mr. MORTON. It is not something else;
it is the same thing to which the Senator is
speaking.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, Mr. President, I
think I have shown that this is not a matter
that the Committee on the Judiciary are invest-
igating at all. A bill is before that committee
in regard to the civil service, but they are not :
going to examine how the public patronage is >
being used, whieh is the clause that is pro- 1
posed to be stricken out of this resolution. i
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me ;
a word? '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the •
Senator from Illinois yield?
Mr. MORTON. I thought the Senator was
passing from the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have several other
things to say, and if it will suit the Senator
from Indiana just as well to make his remarks '
after I get through I should much prefer it. '
Mr. MORTON. All right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I make any state-
mentthat misrepresents the Senator in any way ■
I shall be obliged to him for interrupting me. !
for certainly I do not wish to misstate him in
anything. In regard to anything that is per-
sonal. of course 1 will give way to au explana
tkra at once.
Mr. MORTON. Does the Senator yield ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do in that way, not
to a discussion.
Mr. MORTON. 1 can wait until you get
through. I always yield, myself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I yield for anything that
is of a personal nature ; but it is late 
Mr. MORTON. There is nothing personal
aboii' it.
Mr. TRUMBL7LL. And I do not wish to
detain the Senate at length, and would prefer
going on and getting through, but, at the same
time. I do not want to be considered as refus-
ing to yield to the Senator. If the Senator
desires to say anything personal I will give way.
Mr. MORTON. I will wait.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish the Sen-
ator to think I am discourteous.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator from
Illinois give way to a motion to adjourn?
Mr. TRUMBULL, If that is the disposi
tion of the Senate, I will do so.
Mr. THURMAN. Let us see whether it is
or not. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Illi-
nois does not yield for that purpose. He say^
he will yield if that is the disposition of the
Senate; but it is not the disposition of the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Ohio desires to make that motion, I will yield
for that purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois yields to the Senator from
Ohio, who moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not. agreed to, there being,
on a division—ayes 20. noes 20.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, Mr. President, 1
propose briefly to give a narrative, which I
think ought to go to the country, and ought to
be understood by the Senate, of this resolution
and of the course which has been pursued here
in regard to it. In July, 1806. a proposition
was made in the House of Representatives to
raise a joint Committee on Retrenchment
That resolution came to the Senate and was
acted upon in this body on the 13th of July,
1866. The Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Ed-
mc.vds,] from the Committee on Commerce,
of which the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Chandler] is chairman, and who it will be re-
membered has taken such high ground against
this committee, that committee having e msid-
ered the resolution, reported it back to the
Senate. It was not then as full as it is now.
It provided for inquiring iiito the civil service
of the country. The Senator from Ohio. [Mr.
Sherman-,] whom I do not now see in his seat,
and who has also been " amazed'1 that I should
have offered this resolution in the Senate,
moved to amend the resolution by striking out
the word "civil" before "service" wherever
it occurred, so that the inquiry might apply to
all services. That amendment was agreed to.
The Senator from Vermont th^n moved to
amend it further. He said :
"X move to amend the resolution by inserting
after the word ' reduced' in the seventh line the
words, ' what are the methods of securing account-
ability in public officers or agents in the care and
disbursement of public mone>s, whether moneys
have been paid out illegally, and whether any offi-
cers. or agents, or other persona, bare been or are
engaged in the service without authority of law or
unnecessarily.'
"The amendment was agreed to."
Aud then my good friend from Rhode Island.
[Mr. Axthoxy,] who now wants to strike a
particular clause out of the resolution, offered
this amendment:
"And also to consider the expediency of so amend-
ing the laws under which appointments to the civil
service are now made as to provide for the selection
of subordinate officers after due examination by
proper boards, their continuance in office during
specified terms, unless dismissed upon charges pre-
ferred and sustained before tribunals designated for
that purpose, and fur withdrawing the civil service
from being used as an instrument of political or
party patronage."
That amendment, after being very highly
commended by the Senator from Vermont,
was also adopted by the Senate, and the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, nor satisfied that that
was broad enough, also asked to strike out
the word "civil,'' so as to have the pro\ision
; apply to all services.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Had not that already
been done, on the motion of the Senator from
1 Ohio?
i Mr. TRUMBULL. In his amendment the
| Senator from Rhode Island had inserted the
| word '"civil." and he ask< d to strike it out
; of his own amendment. After this resolution
I had undergone these various amendments it
| was submitted to the Senat° in the very same
1 words in which 1 offered it here on the Tth day
; of December.
i The resolution was again adopted on the
i 6th of March, 1867, in these words:
[ "Mr. Anthony submitted the following concurrent
! resolution; which was considered by unanimous
i consent, and agreed to:
! "Ue*c,h:ed by the .V- nnt., &the Hou*e of Kepresent-
: atives concurting,J That the joint select Committee
; on Retrenchment, raised by a concurrent resolution
'■ of the two House" at the first session of the Thirty-
isinth Congress, be, and the same is hereby, revived
; and continued lor and during the Fortieth Congress,
with all and the same powers and duties appertain-
' iug thereto in ->aid Tliiriy Ninth Congress, aud with
, power to appoint a clerk, and with power m its
members to administer oaths; ami that any vaean-
cieJ in said committee he filled by the Presiding
i Offioer of each House iespeetivelj."
The Senator from Ohio, [Mr. SHE.tMAN,] who
was so "amazed'1 at thin resolution the other
day, on tin- ltjth of March, 1867, offered the
following resolution :
*' Jietotcd '/it the Splint*, (the House ol Kepresent-
atives concurring,: That the joint Committee on
, Retrenchment he. tuid are hereisv, incfrueted to
