1970
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
they are not absolutely necessary; but it woald
be very difficult for the people to get along
without salt. As I have said, the duty that
we received on salt last year was $1,176,000,
and the increased cost of the salt which was
produced in this country, if you add the
amount of the duty to the price of the salt
produced here, would be $2,200,000, so that
in order to get $1,176,000 into the Treasury
the people of this country paid on their salt
$3,370,000, of which $2,200,000 went to the
salt manufacturers.
It seems to me, and I think it will seem to
the people of the United States, that it would
be better to let them have their salt free when
we lose to the Treasury by so doing only a
little over one million dollars, and gain for
them $3,000,000, than it would be to bring
their tea and coffee in free, when by doing so
they have to keep up these high duties upon
woolens, upon iron, and upon salt, and, when
taking these things together, not one dollar in
five that the people pay reaches the Treasury.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. What does my
friend say as to the duty on wool?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator asks me
a question as to the duty upon wool. I have
not the stalistics at hand, and could not state
now the precise amount of duty collected upon
wool, or the production in this country; but I
wish not to be misunderstood by the Senator
from New Jersey or any one else. I regard
all duties as a tax upon the people, but we
must have a revenue, and taxes are inevit-
able. I would so adjust them as to make them
the least burdensome to the people. 1 would
not bring in tea and coffee absolutely free, but
I think we might let salt and coal come in free,
and why? Because the amount of revenue
that we derive from coal and salt is insignifi-
cant, and it would be a considerable relief to
the people to admit them free without dimin-
ishing the revenue to any great extent; but if
you take the tax off tea and coffee you reduce
to a very great extent the revenues of the coun-
try, and make it necessary to keep up high
duties on these other articles.
I am (juite willing to have the tariff adjusted
upon fair and reasonable principles, ldo not
object to having some articles come in free
that are not produced in this country ; in fact,
I am in favor of a large free list, and shall re-
joice if in the proper arrangement of the tariff
manufacturers m our country can derive any
benefit from it. I know that wilh the large
debt which is hanging over us, and the large
expenses of the Government, we must collect
a very large revenue, and chiefly from duties
on foreign importations, and it seems to me if
this tariff is judiciously and properly adjusted
the protection that is talked of by gentlemen
for the manufacturing interests will be as great
as any reasonable person ought to ask, and that
we should not enter upon this system of dis-
crimination by letting in articles from which
large revenue is derived, such as tea and coffee,
entirely free, and thereby compel ourselves to
put veiy high duties upon those articles which
are partially produced in this country, and
make the people pay by way of a bonus to the
manufacturers here a large percentage at least
of the increased price which the imposition of
the duty adds to the price of the article. I do
not say that it adds the entire amount of the
duty in every case, though in some cases it
does ; in others, part of it; but in all cases, I
doubt not, where any considerable import-
ation takes place from abroad, it adds some-
thing to the price of the article upon which
the duty is imposed.
I have now, Mr. President, given the reason
why I cannot vote for the absolute repeal of
the duties op tea and coffee, and why 1 desire
to have salt put upon the free list.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I have
never made a speech ou the subject of the
tariff; 1 have never professed to understand
it; but there are some propositions connected
with it which impress my mind very forcibly.
The statement of the Senator from Illinois,
that we must raise the revenue from some
source, occurred to me as being a sound prop-
osition ; but the rest of his argument I con-
fess that I in my untaught condition could not
comprehend. He says that he thinks a por-
tion of the revenue should be raised on tea and
coffee for the benefit of the laboring man. I
cannotunderstand how the laboring man would
be especially benefited by a duty upon tea and
coffee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. By being relieved of
the larger tax on woolens. That was my idea,
and I thought I made it clear.
Mr. STEWART. I said I could not under-
stand how he is relieved by being taxed upon
tea and coffee, and I do not understand it even
yet. The suggestion of my friend from Illinois
has not cleared up the difficulty in my mind at
all. It is true that this tax upon tea and coffee
falls upon the great mass of the people. It is
a direct tax for which it is impossible to see
any equivalent benefit anywhere. It.employs
no laborers ; it brings no immigration here
from Europe to labor and produce tea and
coffee; it benefits no man and no interest in
the United States, except the Treasury, and
is a direct tax upon the poor as well as the
rich.
I am one of those who are willing, while it
is necessary to raise taxes to pay the debt, to
levy those taxes in such a manner, if practica-
ble, that while raising revenue they will benefit
somebody in this country. I do not object to
people in this country being benefited. I do
ru)t object to the levying of taxes in such a
manner that many things can be manufactured
in this country. I do not object to levying
taxes in such a manner that wages will be
high in this country. I do not object to levy
ing the taxes in such a manner as to continue
the ship loads of immigrants, artisans that are
coming here from Europe. But let me tell
you that if you put every article that is pro-
duced in this country on the free list and put
your taxes upon articles not produced in this
country, you will have no more immigrants,
because wages will be as low here as abroad.
Take, for instance, this question of iron. It is
the plainest proposition in the world. Here
we have an abundance of the raw material out
of which to make iron. We have immense
coal-fields, surpassing any other country in the
world, undeveloped it is true to a great extent.
We have unlimited iron mines. We have had
a high taiiff on iron: and what has been the
result? The Senator from Illinois told you
that there is about ten times as much iron pro-
duced in this country as is imported. Does
anybody believe that in the infancy of this
business you could have opened your iron mines
or that you could keep them open now, unless
you paid higher wages than are paid in Eng-
laud ? Do you think you could get laborers to
come here and open your mines unless you
pay them higher wages than they can get in
England? Nobody believes it.
Now, with ten times as much iron produced
here as is imported, does anybody believe the
amount of the duty can be added by the man-
ufacturer here to the price? Why is it that it
cannot be added? It is because there is so
much production here that there is competi-
tion. The Senator from Illinois is right in
saying that the duty oil corn does not raise
the price of corn, because there is great pro-
duction here and great competition. In this
great country we have plenty of corn-fields.
The duty on iron does not raise the price when
you have your mines opened, when you have
hundreds of thousands of people engaged in
this business. With ten times as much iron
produced here as is imported the duty does
not have much effect. The great use of it is
ill getting these industries started in our coun-
try. And who is not glad, who does not re-
joice that we have got that great industry
started? Who does not rejoice that we can
pay a higher price to laborers in the iron-
works than other countries can? Who would
take down the barrier and_ bring in the pro-
ducts of foreign countries in competition with
our own? Who would not rather have that
labor profitably employed here?
In my travels abroad last summer I found
one class of people unanimous in opposition
to our tariff. They want everything they pro-
duce in England put on our free list. They
said they could manufacture everything we
want, a«d our people could devote themselves
to agriculture. You cannot sit down there at
a restaurant and take a cup of coffee with a
gentleman without his talking to you about
our tariff. They say it interferes with their
labor. In talking with one who made this ob-
jection to me, I said to him, " Let your labor
come over to our country." Saidhe, "That is
the trouble, they are going, we cannot pay the
wages you do, we cannot keep them." Eng-
land is opposed to our tariff because it takes
her labor away. It seems to me a child two
years old could see that a great country like
ours, with a surplus o"f raw materials, should
offer every inducement to labor. It seems to
me this is a plain proposition, and it seems
plain also that England, with a surplus of
Jabor and a deficiency of raw materials, should
offer inducements for raw materials, so that
she may keep her labor at home and have
something for her people to do.
I cannot see how our country is going to be
developed by taxing tea and coffee ; I cannot
see how that will set a single individual to
work; and in the interest of labor, I say that
if anything is to be on the free list, it should
be those articles that are not produced in this
country, and the production ot which gives no
man here employment and benefits no man.
I am not so envious of my neighbor that I
want to ruin him. I am not so jealous and
envious that I do not want to see this country
prosper because thereby individuals will pros-
per. Somebody must prosper if the country
prospers ; somebody must have profitable em-
ployment. We have resources to manufac-
ture everything. We have an empire within
ourselves. Our trade may almost be called
international. We have certainly an intercon-
tinental trade of our own here. We can sup-
port each other. We have plenty of raw mate-
rials. Then why not encourage manufactures
so long as taxation must be kept up, by levy-
ing taxes in such a way as to build up our
own material industries and encourage these
industries, so that they will produce competi-
tion at home among themselves and keep down
prices? By thus levying the taxes, we can
bring hundreds of thousands of immigrants
here annually and make our nation strong.
In this way we may not benefit the manufac-
turers of England and may not please them ;
but it seems to me that that is very plainly
our policy.
I have no belief in the argument that the
duty adds just so much to the price of the
article produced in this country. If that posi-
tion were true, it would very soon work its
own cure. Our country is too large to allow
any one individual to monopolize any branch
of industry. There is too much competition
for that. If the country was so small that
there was only one man engaged in a manu-
facture, that argument might apply. If there
was any law to prevent any one else from com-
peting, it miglu be so. But let anything be
profitable in this country, and you will find
plenty of men who will rush into that particu-
lar occupation.
^ I am satisfied that there is no absolute theory
in regard to the tariff. I went over to the
House of Representatives a year or two ago
and listened to u discussion of the subject
there, and I found that there was not in the
House an anti-tariff man or a tariff man either.
Every member was trying to get the tariff so
