1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2867
tion from the Department, and officers who
have not come, in the opinion of the Execu-
tive, within the law which authorized them to
be advanced certain numbers for gallant con-
duct. In presenting this memorial I desire to
say that the sentiment of it meets my hearty
concurrence. I believe that nothing is more
prejudicial to the integrity, to the efficiency,
to the discipline of the Navy, than personal
legislation, giving to one man preference over
his seniors without the recommendation ofhis
superiors or of the Department. I move its
reference to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER presented the memorial of
Charles E. Carr, great grandson and heir and
for the coheirs of Thomas Dennis, deceased,
late of Newport, Rhode Island, praying in-
demnification for spoliations committed by
the French prior to the year 1801; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of the Colum-
bia Typographical Union of Washington, Dis-
trict of Columbia, remonstrating against the
repeal of the eight-hour law; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Education and
Labor, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON presented three petitions of
soldiers and sailors, in favor of the passage of
the bill incorporating the National union Sol-
diers' and Sailors' Orphan Industrial Training
School Association; which were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CONKLING presented two petitions
of citizens of Tompkins county, New York,
praying the passage of a bill for the relief of
William II. Akins and Jacob D. Felthousen,
inventors of a sewing-machine; which were
referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
John W. Wickham, jr., Job B. Beverstock,
and Oscar B. Smith, praying the enactment
of a law changing the spelling of the name of
the schooner La Pette to that of La Petite ;
which was referred to the Committee ou Com-
mproG
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 365, the District school
bill, and then they can proceed with the morn-
ing business. I shall make no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
call for reports of committees, the Senator
from Massachusetts asks that the District
school bill be taken up.
Mr. CONKLING. To determine whether I
shall object or not, I ask the Senator whether,
when one o'clock arrives, he will insist that
that bill shall retain its place, or will allow it
to fall then if not disposed of before that time?
Mr. SUMNER. I shall expect it to fall,
then, for the day.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I make no objec-
tion.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts ?
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made. Reports of committees are next in
order.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on
Territories, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 325) to aid in the execution of the law
against polygamy, and to prevent that crime
in the Territory of Utah, reported it with an
amendment. The amendment was ordered to
be printed, and the bill, as amended, recom-
mitted to the Committee on Territories.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 104(?) in relation to the United States
courts in Alabama ; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary,
Mr. SPENCER. I am requested to intro-
duce a bill, and I ask leave to do so without
having fully examined its provisions, and I
desire that it be read twice and referred to the
District Committee.
By unanimous consent leave was granted to
iutroduce a bill (S. No. 1047) in relation to the
Orange, Alexandria, and Manassas railroad ;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1048) for the relief of Dr. Claude H.
Masten; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. NYE. I wish to call up for considera-
tion House bill No. 1030, being a bill to regu-
late the time of holding the elections in the
Territories of Washington and Idaho.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must ask the Senator
to wait until we are through with the regular
morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. ■ The introduc-
tion of bills is still in order.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1049) to regulate the compensation of
registers ana receivers of consolidated land
offices; which was read twice by its title and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I ask leave
to introduce a bill at the request of a friend. I
know nothing in regard to its merits.
By unanimous consent leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 1050) to repeal a cer-
tain provision in the charter of the Metropol-
itan Street Railway Company of Washington,
District of Columbia; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1051) for the relief of the heirs of Lee Hard-
esty; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1052) referring the claim
of J. H. Russell to the Court of Claims;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
EXTENSION OF PATENTS.
Mr. WRIGHT. On the 8th of this month I
introduced a bill (S. No. 941) to authorize the
extension of patents in certain eases, which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
They thereafter reported it back adversely, I
believe, on the 11th of this month, when 1 was
either absent from the Chamber or it escaped
my observation, and it was indefinitely post-
poned. With the consent of the chairman I
have the privilege of moving a reconsideration
of the vote indefinitely postponing the bill and
that it be placed on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent to reconsider at this time the
vote indefinitely postponing the bill. If there
be no objection, that order will be made. The
Chair hears no objection. The vote is recon-
sidered and the bill will be placed on the Cal-
endar.
DEBATE ON APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolution
which I offered on Friday last, limiting debate
on amendments to appropriation bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
Senate resolutions, that motion is now in order.
The resolution will first be read for informa-
tion.
The resolution was read as follows :
Resolved, That during the present session it shall
be in order, pending an appropriation bill, to move
to eonfino debate on the pending bill and amend-
ments thereto to five minutes by any Senator on the
pending motion, and the motion to limit debate snali
be decided without debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT, The motion is to
take up this resolution for consideration. It
is not yet before the Senate for general debate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not very much
disposed to prolong unduly the debate on ap-
propriation bills. This proposition, although
not perhaps altogether without precedent, is
too important a thing to be made a rule of the
Senate without full consideration. I ask the
Senator whether he desires to press it to a vote
now ; and if he does I ask bim to state whether
it is reported from any committee.
Mr. SCOTT. I do desire to press it to a
vote now ; but I will state to the Senator from
California thatsince the resolution was offered
I have concluded to so far amend it as to strike
out the words " on the pending bill and so
that it will read :
That during the present session it shall be in
order, pending an appropriation bill, to confine
debate on amendments thereto to five minutes, &e.
The resolution is not reported from any
committeee. I offered it to the Senate on
Friday, and upon objection made by the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Blair] it went over.
I thiuk there can be no objection now at this
stage of the session to confining debate on
amendments to appropriation bills to five
minutes.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask the Senator whether
it is confining debate on  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas will suspend. The Chair will
state, as debate has opened on taking up this
resolution, that he finds it somewhat difficult
to decide to the satisfaction of the Senate ex-
actly what is debate on the merits of a proposi-
tion. He will wait until some Senator makes a
point of order on this debate on taking up
various propositions for consideration. Then
the Senate may decide the question as they
prefer to do themselves.
Mr. POMEROY. I was only going to ask
the Senator from Pennsylvania whether the
proposition is that the debate shall be limited,
or only that the remarks of any one Senator
shall be limited to five minutes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We cannot tell until we
get it up.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suppose before any-
thing is taken up every Senator has a right to
know what it is; and after listening to the
remarks of the Senator from Pennsylvania I
must beg the Clerk to read the resolution now
as amended by the Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not yet
amended.
Mr. CASSERLY. As it is proposed to be
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be read as the Senator from Pennsylvania
proposes to amend it if it should be taken up.
The Chief Clerk. As proposed to be
amended, the resolution will read:
Remlved, That during the present session it shall
be in order, pending an appropriation bill, to move
to confine debate on amendments thereto to live min-
utes by any Senator on the pending motion ; and the
motion to limit debate shall be decided without
debate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that resolution
will not be taken up. It would evidently lead
to a protracted debate before it could be
adopted ; and a reason why I think it ought
not to be taken up would be that I do not
think we should waste the time of the session
in the struggle that would undoubtedly take
place over an attempt to limit debate in the
Senate. It is not appropriate to go into rea-
sons on this motion to take up, but it unques-
tionably would lead to some discussion before
such a resolution could be adopted in the
Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend from Illi-
nois will allow me, this motion is precisely
similar to that which has been adopted several
times in the Senate since 1 have been a mem-
ber of the body. At the close of a session it
is the easiest way to expedite business, and it
never has led to the slightest embarrassment.
The bill itself is open to general debate, and
