1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
179
make a careful and minute examination of the
method adopted by the Treasury Department to
Erint the bonds, notes, and securities of the United
tates; what guards have been adopted to prevent
fraud or mistake, and what additional guards, if
any, ought to be adopted to prevent fraud or mis-
take; whether there has been any fraudulent or
erroneous issue of bonds, notes, or coupons, and if
so, by whose fault or negligence, and the proper
remedy and prevention thereof; and especially to
examine the official conduct of those charged with
the printing, registration, and issuing of any notes,
bonds, or securities of the United States ; and that
said committee have power to sit during the recess
of Congress, to send for persons and papers, to ex-
amine the same, and to take testimony and report
at the next session of Congress."
Then a discussion followed, which was par-
ticipated in by the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] and others; and the Senate adopted
this resolution with this "monstrous power"
in it to send for persons and papers, and to sit
during the recess of Congress !
The resolution was again adopted at the
commencement of the Forty-First Congress.
So that we have had the resolution adopted
originally in the Thirty-Ninth Congress at the
instance of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds ;] in the Fortieth Congress at the
instance of the Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Anthony;] and in the Forty-First Con-
gress at the instance, I think, in this body, of
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Pat-
terson,] and we'have had various gentlemen
upon this committee. The first joint Commit-
tee on Retrenchment consisted, on the part of
the Senate, of Messrs. Edmunds, Williams,
and Buckalew, appointed in 1866. In 1869,
Messrs. Edmunds, Williams, Patterson, and
Buckalew constituted the committee on the
part of the Senate. In 1870, Messrs. Harris,
Patterson, Schurz, and Thurman constituted
the committee on the part of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Are you not mistaken as
to the committee in 1869? I went off the com-
mittee on the 3d of March, 1869.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, that was the com-
mittee up to the 3d of March, 1869. The Sen-
ator from Vermont says he served up to that
time, and I suppose the committee was not
organized again until the following winter,
probably when we met in December.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was not on the com-
mittee after the 3d of March, 1869.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well. At the third
session of the Forty-First Congress the com-
mittee waspresided over by Mr. Harris, and Mr.
Patterson, Mr. Schurz, and Mr. Thurman
were the other members of the committee.
Now, sir, I supposed that a proposition to
raise a committee that had had an existence
ever since 1866, with precisely the same powers
that I asked for it in 1871, would have been
adopted in this body without, objection. On
the 7th day of December, 1871,1 offered a reso-
lution to revive this Committee on Retrench-
ment, which had expired with the Forty-First
Congress on the 3d of March last. After I
offered the resolution the Senate immediately
adjourned without any action upon it.
Air. EDMUNDS. You offered it at the last
moment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On Monday the resolu-
tion, if I recollect aright, catne up and was
considered to some extent, but without arriv-
ing at any definite conclusion. On Tuesday
the Senate sat but a few minutes; and again,
if I recollect aright, the same tiling was gone
through with on Wednesday, and the news-
papers of the country say that a caucus of
Republican Senators was held in reference
to this resolution. I wish the Senator from
Indiana to consider what I am saying. The
newspapers of the country say that a party
caucus of Republican Senators was called to
determine whether this resolution of investi-
gation and inquiry to reduce the expenses of
the Government should pass or not. Who
gave this a party turn, or sought to give it a
party turn? In my judgment, it was not a
proper subject for party consideration. The |
very fact that Republican Senators got together j
to consider whether a resolution of inquiry into i
the abuses of the Government should be per-
mitted to pass this body showed that the meet-
ing was called for the purpose of considering
it in a party point of view. The whole country
has been given to understand that the Repub-
lican Senators were called together, for what?
For the purpose of considering whether a res-
olution that had passed this body for five con-
secutive years without objection should be
permitted to pass again.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
a moment right there?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator refers to
newspapers, and says that t.hey say there was a
caucus for the consideration of this question ;
and he further says that it was not a proper
subject to be caucused on. I desire to ask
him if the newspapers also state who it was
that first brought his resolution before a
caucus?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that
they do. I have not attempted to speak of
what occurred in the caucus; but when a reso-
lution is offered in the Senate for the purpose
of investigation, and any party go into caucus
to see whether they cannot shape it in a differ-
ent form, the country will think, or, to use the
language of the Senatorfrom Indiana, "impar-
tial observers will say, and it cannot be pre-
vented," that the caucus was called for the
purpose of preventing the investigation. Mr.
President, I undertake to say that the reso-
lution was not a proper subject for a caucus of
any party after it had been offered in the open
Senate. It might have been a proper con-
sideration if it had not been here to determine
whether you would bring in such a proposition,
but it was not a proper subject for party con-
sideration afterward; and the moment that
the Republican Senators were called together
for such a purpose, it was manifest the country
would understand that there were some party
reasons that required it.
Sir, I deny that the Republican party of this
country is to be bound by any such action,
and, for one, I repudiated on the spottheidea
of being bound by any such caucus. I will
never consent while I have the honor of a seat
here that a party caucus, or any other combin-
ation or organization, shall prevent my bring-
ing before the Senate for its investigation mat-
ters that I believe the public good requires to
be investigated.
Sir, what followed? The resolution then
followed in this body offered by the Senator
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony,] to do
what? To create a Committee oflnvestigation
and Retrenchment,, to consider such matters
as should be referred to it, a committee with
no power whatever. It could not move a step
until something was referred to it._
I want to remind Senators of what they
said when the resolution was originally before
this body. They say to-day, "Oh, we were for
investigation." Did you talk that way on the
11th, 12th, and 13th of December?
Mr. EDMUNDS. To whom do you allude?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will tell you to whom
1 allude. I allude to the remarks made by the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Conkling.]
In alluding to the resolution to revive the
Retrenchment Committee he said :
" I did not know that we had ever had a commit-
tee in this body with functions so broad and absorb-
ing that it would take to itself from the Committee
on Military Affairs an inquiry like this."
That was said in reference to a resolution to
raise a committee in the very words in which
we had adopted it here time and again. What
further did he say ?
" Bat, Mr. President, I have another objection to
this. The general and vague terms of which I am
speaking will unsettle in a great degree the under-
standings and obligations now resting upon the other
standing committees. It is proposed to employ this
language, they are to inquire 'what are the methods
of procuring accountability in public officers or
agents in the care and disbursement of public
money?' These powers, as to place and time, are
• !  •  it jc * + '■{ V
universal.
"Again, I am indisposed to vote for language so
general in its character as to exonerate other com-
mittees from the obligations resting upon them."
Was not this making opposition to the res-
olution? The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] said;
" The Senator from Illinois insists that this com-
mittee shall commence with extraordinary powers
not conferred upon any committee of this body."
* * * "I am amazed that such powers should
be sought to be conferred in violation of the ordin-
ary usages of the Senate unless in a special easo for
special reasons."
Again, referring to the Hodge case, he said:
"There can be no objection to having this com-
mittee authorized to examine all his papers, all liis
accounts, everything that would throw light on his
transactions. But would you, because it is necessary
in that case to arm the committee with this power,
give it a right to go without limit, Without restraint,
without definition, without accusation, without par-
ticulars, all over the United States?"
That is the way the proposition to revive
this joint Committee on Retrenchment was
met. The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mor-
ton] said;
"We owe much to public integrity, and we owe
something to private rights. A committee so armed,
as I before said, would become an inquisition, a
tyranny too intolerable to be borne by a free
people."
Again he said:
" I am not mistaken about the whole drift of this
debate. It has been to show that there is corruption
existing under this Administration, and gross cor-
ruption. The drift of this debate is a reflection upon
the Republican party."
Why was it not a reflection upon the Repub-
lican party two years ago? No one then
thought so. Does the Senator from Indiana
suppose, does the Senatorfrom New York sup-
pose, does the Senator from Ohio suppose, that
they can oppose a resolution in the very words
in which it had been adopted year after year,
and say that it is a resolution that amazes "
them, that it is a resolution, according to the
language of the Senator from Indiana, which
creates " an inquisition, a tyranny too intoler-
able to be borne by a free people;" that they
can oppose it now when they voted for it years,
and have the country understand that they are
for a full and fair investigation ? I know they
say they are for one. I do not deny it; but I
say to the Senator from Indiana he need not be
surprised that the country cannot understand
it in that way.
What was the trouble about the resolution
as originally offered ? Oh, it proposed to raise
a joint select committee, and that would not
do! Well, sir. I was indifferent whether it
was a joint committee or a standing commit-
tee of the Senate ; but when it was proposed
to have a standing committee of the Senate,
what sort of a standing committee was pro-
posed ? A standing committee that could not
move an inch until it was ordered by the Sen-
ate, which had no jurisdiction of anything by
the express terms of the resolution creating it.
When I proposed to give to this standing com-
mittee the same power to summon persons and
examine papers, to inquire whether retrench-
ment could not be brought, about in the public
service, whether useless offices could not be dis-
pensed with, when I brought to the attention
of the Senate the fact that there were in the
custom-house at New York numerous officers
with nothing to do, when we showed these facts
and asked that this committee be clothed with
power to investigate them, we are told. •' Oil,
no, it will not do;" the Senator from Ohio
and the Senator from Indiana are alarmed ;
the Constitution of the United States is going
to be violated; the rights of the citizen are
to be encroached upon ; an inquisition is to be
established!
When on earth did those Senators wake hp
to this alarm for the rights of the citizs-" ?
They voted to grant these powers to a com
mittee two years ago. But they say that wa,:
different. The committee to which we voted
to give these powers was a special committee
of both Houses, and not a standing committee
of the Senate. What difference does that
make to the rights of the citizen ? Wi'l the
