1972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
borhood of the young manufacturing estab-
lishments in my State at a less price than the
salt can be produced for. Why? In order to
prevent these new manufacturing establish-
ments from competing with them. I do not
mean that they will sacrifice the whole value
of the salt; but they put it down at less figures
than they would take if we had not any manu-
facturing establishments of our own.
But that does not come into the question of
Ihe tariff. In this question of the tariff is the
principle whether we will discriminate so as to
save labor and the wages of our own people
or whether we will sacrifice them. In regard
to the tariff being for protection, I am for pro-
tection when it comes to protecting the labor
of our own people. We have nothing in this
country in which we rejoice so much as in the
fact that a man is reasonably and honorably
paid for his labor, and that a great majority
ef our people are obeying that great command
that by the sweat of one's brow he shall eat
his bread. If we intend to protect the great
mass of the people, we must protect them in
their labor. A man who has a day's work to
sell in the morning goes to market with it, and
if there is no demand for it and no price for
it, that man is crippled, oppressed, degraded ;
but let him go in the morning with a day's
work to soil inio a market where it is respected,
where it is sought for, where there is a demand
for it, and he is an independent laborer,
respected and honored.
It is the labor interest of the country that I
would protect by a tariff. If I was simply
looking for revenue, I would put the duties
upon those articles which we are obliged to
have ; men will pay for those, whether it pro-
tects anybody or not. , But this is not simply
a question of revenue. We could get revenue,
if that was all wo were after, arbitrarily by a
direct tax on land. The Constitution provides
for that; and if we did not care for our own
people, if we only wanted revenue, we could
collect it in the most offensive manner, and
you would get the revenue whether you pre-
served the Government or not. But that is
not the tariff. What we design and desire by
a tariff is to protect American interests against
the world. We are Americans; we prefer our
country ; we prefer its interests ; we prefer its
institutions; and we should discriminate, to
save them, against the rest of mankind.
That is the basis on which 1 go for a tariff,
and these are the elements that 1 would try to
protect. On that account, while I will vote
for free tea and coffee, I shall not vote to put
salt on the free list, because it cripples the
industries of our own people to some extent,
and I do not think taking off the duty on tea
and coffee would. But lei us not deceive our-
selves. Take off fifteen cents duty from a
pound of tea, and the tea will not be fifteen
cents less in price by any means. We fool
ourselves it we make ourselves believe that.
It is not true that because we take off five
cents from coffee and fifteen cents from tea
those articles are going to be just so much
cheaper.
Mr. CORBETT. Why not?
Mr. POME ROY. There are several rea-
sons why not, and if my friend is a merchant,
as I think he once was, he knows very well
why it will not be so. I know it will approx-
imate to that; it will tend that way ; but if
yon take off fifteen cents duty you will not get
more than ten cents off the price of a pound
in the market. Now, the great tea merchants
of this country, when they approach the tea
merchants in China, say to them, ''Our Gov-
ernment has a tax 011 tea; it will not do for
you to charge us the same that you charge to
the other countries that buy tea of you, be-
cause it is admitted free ill those countries;
but if you want to keep our market, and keep
us for customers, you must discriminate in
our favor;" and they do it. The great tea
merchants of our country have a discrimina-
tion in their favor in consequence of the tariff.
Take off that tariff, and the tea merchants
of China will say to our merchants, " Your
Government has taken off fifteen cents duty;
we will ask five cents more from you for it."
Thus we. contribute five cents to China and
ten cents to our own people.
That is part of the effect of repealing the
duty on tea; but there is benefit in it even
though it does not go to the full extent. The
same is true of coffee, the same is true of any-
thing else. We have not got the whole tariff
question before us, but we have before us the
question of salt, and in that is the principle
which I would lay down for a discriminating
tariff-; and that is, as that is made up of the
labor and industry of our people, 1 am in
favor of protecting them. It will be a benefit
to the country to have it saved, when, if we
throw that down entirely, we cripple an indus-
try that we cannot afford to lose. •
Mr. SCOTT. I do not rise, Mr. President,
to discuss the general principles involved in
this amendment or in the bill, but to ask the
attention of the Senate to the importance of
securing one at least of the bills now before it.
Let me call attention to what has already
transpired, so that the Senate may see the
importance of acting upon this bill.
We have had before us three bills: one to
repeal the duty on coal, another to repeal the
duty on salt, and this one to repeal the duty
on tea and coffee, all passed by the House of
Representatives and sent to the Senate for
concurrence. Upon one of these bills the
Senate Finance Committee has attached as
an amendment a schedule of duties reducing
the duties formerly imposed upon the articles
therein named. As soon as that report was
made, it will be remembered the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] raised the objection
that the attaching of that amendment was
beyond the constitutional power of the Senate ;
that we could do no more than act upon the
specific articles named in the bill by way of
reduction.
Now, here is one bill repealing the duties
upon tea and coffee upon which the House
and the Senate are substantially in accord. A
vote has been taken which, if any vote can
settle anything, settles the question that the duty
upon tea and coffee is to be repealed. Now,
if we attach it to the general bill, while I do
not agree to the position taken by the House,
we certainly run the risk of losing th® whole
of it by having that bill laid on the table when
it goes back to the House of Representatives.
If we attach to this bill repealing duties on tea
and cotfee the other amendments, then we
encounter the same objection which was made
by the Senator from Illinois, and thus we
endanger the success finally of a measure
upon the principles of which both Houses have
expressed their concurrence by a very large
majority.
Now, if we desire the passage of the bill
repealing the duties on tea and coffee and fix-
ing the time when it is to go into effect, that
much legislation, the principle of which has
been settled by both Houses, is secured, and
we still have the general bill left upon which
the question in regard to salt and coal and all
otner questions can be raised and met. We
should thus secure the passage of the bill re-
pealing the duties upon tea and coffee, upon
which both Houses have agreed, and we should
have the opportunity of meeting those other-
questions upon the other bill; and if they do
lay that other bill upon the table and refuse to
consider it because of the claim of the House
tuat we have transcended our power in attach-
ing it, we still have secured the other import-
ant measure of the reduction of taxes; whereas
if we decline to pass either of these bills and
put all these questions into the one general
bill, we run the risk of losing all legislation
upon this tariff question between the two
Houses, and thus preventing the reduction of
taxation altogether.
In that point of view I trust the Senate will
vote down any amendments that are offered
to this bill, and let us pass the bill repealing
the duties on tea and coffee, and then, if it be
necessary, as it will be, proceed to consider
these questions upon the other bill. They can
be as well considered there.
Mr. CONKLING. The other bill contains
salt.
Mr. SCOTT. The other bill contains salt
and coal. There are provisions in that bill
reducing the duty on both, upon which the
question can be made; but by refusing to
pass this bill, upon which, as I have said, both
Houses have substantially concurred, we lose
the opportunity and endanger the chances of
reducing taxation at all.
It is in that view that I moved the considera-
tion of this bill to-day, as well as in view of
the importance of settling the question at once.
Since we have beeu in our seats to-day I have
received quite a number of telegrams from
persons interested in this trade, all imploring
us, whatsoever we do, to do it quickly, and let
them understand whether this measure is going
to succeed by the concurrence of the Senate
in the bill of the House of Representatives, or
whether they are still to be kept in anxiety for
a week or perhaps a month hence before the
question is finally settled.
Mr. HILL. I wish to ask the Senator a
question. It is to know what the general
impression among dealers in tea and coffee,
importers and jobbers, was in regard to the
first bill as it came here to ns, whether it was
at all satisfactory to the great interests in-
volved in the trade iit these two articles? I
allude particularly to the time at which it was
to go into operation from and after the passage
of the bill.
Mr. SCOTT. I will answer the Senator
from Georgia in this way: that the persons
interested in this trade differed somewhat
among themselves as to the best time to be
fixed for the bill going into operation. Some
of them desired that the time be fixed as far
in the future as the 1st of January of next year,
and one or two even as far as the 1st of July
of next year. Some desired that the bill go
into immediate operation ; but the large pre-
ponderance of the interests that were before
us agreed that substantial justice would be
done to the importers, to the retailers, and to
the consumers by fixing the 1st day of July
next, which would give sufficient time for the
trade to adjust itself to the new order of things;
that the stock in bond by that time would in
all probability be about exhausted; in other
words, that the supply in the bonded ware-
houses at this time was about sufficient for the
need of the country between now and the time
the bill will go into effect, on the 1st of July
next.
Mr. HTLL. Then I understand that so far
as the Senator is concerned he will advocate
no other change whatever in the bill from the
House, except as to the time it shall go into
Mr. SCOTT. That is all, except the neces-
sary .provision to affect the coffee and tea
which will be in bond at the time the repeal
goes into operation.
Mr. HILL. I understand that is included.
Mr. SCOTT. That is substantially the shape
of the bill at present. I trust that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois will not be
agreed to, and that the bill as proposed to be
amended by me will be passed.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I was some-
what opposed to laying the tariff bill on the
table and taking up this tea and coffee bill
with a view of passing it as a separate meas-
ure, because I believe it should be considered
connection with the other questions of the
modification of the tariff that have beeu pie-
sented by the Committee on Finance in their
amendments to the original bill.
I stated on Friday last that I was in favor
or taking off entirely the duties on tea and
coffee, and that I was in favor also of reduc-
