3764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
a Representative at large, the only practical
effect of the last arrangement peculiar to
itself being this : first, that the office is dig-
nified, that the Representative at large holds,
as we all of us remember the present Senator
from Illinois held, a representative place in
public estimation of more consideration some-
what than if he had been chosen by a single
district; and second, that the whole people of
the State by a popular majority may choose
the Representative, whereas he might be
chosen as of the party in tho minority were
his election to take place in one congressional
district.
That is all there is of it, Mr. President, and
I trust that if this is to be done (and I did not
mean and do not mean to consume any time
of the Senate upon the bill) it may be in that
form least offensive to the consistency which
we ought not to violate. I use the word " con-
sistency" for a double reason. In the first
place, two provisions of the Constitution re-
quire, taken together, that every ten years the
enumeration of inhabitants shall be made, and
that Representatives shall be apportioned ac-
cording to the number of citizens among those
States. It has so happened of late that when-
ever we apply this rule, whenever, taking a
divider, working out a mathematical rule in
the best way we can do, it happens, as it almost
must, that some State or States feel aggrieved.
Forthwith we have a special act like this to
cure it.
At the beginning of this decade, in 1862-63,
we apportioned representation according to
the judgment of the two Houses of Congress.
At once several States, among thein several
of the States wbo come here now, were dis-
satisfied, and thereupon by special enactment,
by arbitrary provision, by provision in dero-
gation of the general act, we turned around
and added these Representatives.
As I said I do not wish to comment upon
that, I will not occupy time now in doing it;
but if such is to be our action, and if we do
not follow the general bill with a special act
until the Legislatures have gone on and made
their districts and the States have arranged
accordingly, I humbly submit that the least
we can do is by an amendment so easy as this
to commit to each State the vight not to un-
settle and redistrict and go over again unless
it chooses. That much, 1 think, the States
have a right to expect of us.
_ _ If this had been a part of the original bill,
if it had followed immediately upon the heels
of the original bill, there would be very little
practical need Comparatively of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana; but the
Houses sit -down here and wait until a late day
in May after the adjournment of the Legis-
latures—in my own State, for example, two
weeks have been spent in perfecting and re-
distrieting the State—and then when it is
scarcely done we turn around and not only
pass an act in alteration and derogation of the
general act under which they have acted, but
serious objection is made to so framing that
act as to allow the State of New York and
other States to say whether they will redistrict,
or whether, as has been done in the instance
to which I have referred, they will elect their
additional Representative upon a common
ticket.
Mr. President, I beg pardon for occupying
so much time, but I express the earnest hope
that we shall not go otf upon any spectral
theory, upon the strength ot' any imagination
as to what might take place, how corruption
might, nominate a Representative at large, and
shrink from a provision under which we nom-
inate our Governor, our State officers, and
which in years past has presented nothing to
warrant fears which are held up to us now in
regard to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
has expired. There is no unfinished business
from the last adjournment of the Senate, but
the Senate some days since made a special
order, the river and harbor bill, for twelve
o'clock of this day. The Senate was not in
session at that time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then let us proceed with
this bill. Let us go right on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There being no
unfinished business this bill continues, and is
before the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
Mr. CORBETT. What is the condition of
the river and harbor bill ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was made the
special order for to-day at twelve o'clock. The
Senate was not in session at that time. It
remains a special order liable to be ealled up
hereafter with all its specialty pertaining to it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not sure but that
the Senator from Pennsylvania wished the
floor for some purpose. If he does, of course
I will yield to him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He is not claim-
ing it at this moment.
Mr. CAMERON. I am much obliged to
the Senator from California. I intend to let
the Senator from Vermont get through the
bill if it can be got through without any long
debate. I am very desirous of going into
executive session for reasons well known to
every Senator, but I will make no objection to
the bill now before the Senate being concluded.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from New
York who last spoke upon the pending ques-
tion urged several grounds upon which he
thought my objections to the bill could not be
sustained. Among those grounds were many
which I never expressed or even suggested.
For instance, the Senator argued that there
was no constitutional objection to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana. I never
supposed_ or suggested that there was. The
Constitution, on the contrary, gives to Con-
gress very plenary powers over the subject in
the particular affected by the amendment of
the Senator from Indiana. The objections
which I urged were not rested upon any letter
of the Constitution. They were rested on the
general scheme and spirit of our institutions
as representative institutions throughout the
United States. So the Senator from New
York argued at some length that there was no
requirement that the Representative to Con-
gress should reside in his district. I never
said there was.
The Senator then proceeded to argue at
some length that there was no objection to a
Representative who was a non-resident in the
district for which he was elected. In support
of that he mentions a case in the State of
New York, in which a Representative elected
to Congress did not reside in his district.
The Senator did not name the New York Rep-
resentaiive who was, as he says, a non-res-
ident of the district from which he was elected.
If 1 understood him, he spoke of him as a
candidate for the office of President or Vice
President, of the Democratic party. I still do
not recall the person to whom he refers. It
is rot of any consequence, because the cir-
cumstance that the Senator can count on his
fingers all the Representatives that have ever
been elected to Congress in that way since the
present system was enacted into law proves
what everybody I think knows, and no one
better than the Senator himself, that prac-
tically, iti the popular application of the law,
in the selection of candidates, Representa-
tives in Congress are residents of their dis-
tricts ; in other words, the people themselves,
in the election of members, under the law,
recognize as a rule almost universal in its
application the truism that the Representa-
tive should be brought as near his constitu-
ents as possible, should have as much informa-
tion as to the interests of the district as pos-
sible; should be as much as possible identified
with them; so that under all circumstances
his responsibility to the voters of his district
should be sharp and definite and brought
home directly to him.
Now, what does it matter that Mr. Van
Buren, as the Senator says, was once elected
to a constitutional convention of the State of
NewYork from the county of Otsego, in which
he did not live? I doubt not that oiher eases
beside that of Mr. Van Buren might be men-
tioned in which delegates elected to a consti-
tutional convention in the State of New York
were not residents of the districts which elected
them. What does that prove in the face of
an almost unvarying practice throughout the
country in regard to Representatives in Con-
gress ? The exceptions, very few in number,
do in fact prove the rule.
The Senator from New York adopts the idea
urged by the Senator from Indiana the other
day, that to elect a Representative at large
dignifies the office. I have to repeat now
what I said then. The essential want in the
selection of a Representative to Congress has
two branches: one is that he shall be fit, and
the other is that his responsibility should be
distinct and direct. Dignity is a secondary
consideration. As the poet says—
"Act well your part; there all the honor lies."
When your Representative discharges with
fidelity his responsibilities to his constituents,
he has all the dignity which the institutions
of this country contemplate or allow him, and
all the dignity which any right-minded man
should desire.
If there be any dignity outside of that aris-
ing from the fact that the Representative at
large represents a vast constituency of four
or five million people rather than a con-
stituency of one hundred and fifty or two hun-
dred thousand, that is a dignity which belongs
to centralization in government rather than to
the American theory of government. The
American theory of government is the distri-
bution of powers, the division of the voting
power of the country into districts equal and
reasonable in size. The dignity of which the
Senator from Indiana spoke the other day,
and of which the Senator from New York
speaks now, is found in far greater measure
in the empire of China than it can be found,
or ever ought to be found, in the American
Union.
An esteemed associate on this floor has been
referred to specifically as an instance of a Rep-
resentative elected at large from his State, the
State of Illinois, and as furnishing a justifica-
tion for the practice. There is no doubt, I
believe, that no complaint has been made with
regard to the usefulness or the ability of that
Representative while he was such; no com-
plaint could justly be made probably ; but his
merits were his own, and his fidelity and effi-
ciency were in spite of the system, and not
in consequence of it. The system of electing
Representativesatlargeis nearly certain sooner
or later, and sooner rather than later, to de-
generate into a mere representation of the
central power of the State, of the State-House
influence, of the State-House ring, whatever
it maybe.
The Senator from New York says that the
consistency of our legislation should be pre-
served. I join with him in that invocation.
I, too, appeal to the consistency of our legis-
lation on this subject. How long has the act
of Congress prescribing the election of mem-
bers of the House by districts been in force?
If I recollect aright, more than twenty years.
Has there been anywhere any desire to return
to the old system of election by States? No-
where, I think. There is a little outcropping
of it in this amendment, which is principally
important as an amendment, and principally
objectionable on that ground. If it is a good
thing to elect one Representative from a State
at large, why not elect them all at large ? Why
not return to the system which prevailed
before the Whig party changed it in this coun-
try ? _ If one Representative from the State
of Illinois elected at large has a great amount
of dignity, thirteen of them elected in the
