W>70
THE • CONGRESS! WAk -GLOm
February 16,
this Chamber. I have said it before, and whon X
hare said it I have been answered by as able a Sen-
ator as any who sat here in our'day. Ho is no longer
now among the living. Xmean thelato Senator from
Maine, (Mr. Fessenden,) who differed from mo on the
question. The Globe will show what he said and
what I said, now many years ago. Therefore, in
making this protest, I say nothing new, but I do it
now under a profound sense of duty. Sir, I am one
of the oldest members of the Republican party; in
some measures I am one of its founders; I am the
oldest Senator in service here; and I bear my testi-
mony now as a member of the Republican party and
as a Senator against the pretension which is set up
that a senatorial caucus can exercise any constraint
or obligation with regard to public business. It is
nothing but a convenience—that is all; and any one
who goes further and insists that it is an obligation
runs against the Constitution of his country.*'
I hold a senatorial caucus in as perfect con-
tempt as any man, when it attempts to send
Senators out of it with sealed lips, fettered
hands, and craven souls, to look their con-
stituents in the face, and say, as the Senator
from Ohio did, "though unjustifiable without
reason, impolitic, and unnecessary, I will
nevertheless do it, because a caucus has settled
it." For holding this doctrine, and abandon-
ing the system, I have to be denounced as an
unworthy Republican, and assume the proud
title" of independent Republican. I remember,
however, that in electing my present colleague
to the Senate our party at home set aside the
party caucus and went into open house and
senate in joint convention, and received ail
votes possible, both Republican and Demo-
cratic.
I believe with the bold, independent Gov-
ernor of Missouri, that—
"They who would erect a despotism within the
party will not be loth to erect a despotism within
the nation, if only public thought can be once suffi-
ciently demoralized and subdued."
These representatives of the President in the
Senate seemed to appreciate the true demands
of a military leader. His orders were to be
implicitely obeyed. Hence voting against any-
thing they, or he in person, demanded, was
party treason, and merited a political execu-
tion ! They were circumscribed in power and
could only report men to their constituents as
refusing to obey the divine caucus, or inveigh-
ing against the President, or holding views
on questions of no party complexion such
as were entertained by Democrats, or they
could depose men from prominent places on
committees. But the President was more
powerful and could reward the faithful with fat
offices for their friends, and remove the friends
of the unruly and reject their applications. He
could go further, and sit in judgment on the
actions of Senators at home, in the States, and
read them out of the party, as if he, forsooth,'
had ever belonged to the Republican party
himself!
I shall not call your attention to the special
history of States on this subject, for I have
alluded to that on some other occasions; but
when Senators stand here and tell me that they
expect with so much celerity and with such
ease to place again ia the presidential chair
their favorite who occupies it to-day, I want
them to understand that the people will settle
with them, and will settle with him indirectly
when they settle with them, for the manner in
which by the power of the caucus and by the
positions they have assumed in this Chamber
they have undertaken to restrain and curb and
trample upon and punish men for the utterance
of independent republican thoughts, that be-
longed as much to mo as to the President of
the United States, as much to the humblest
Senator here as to the honorable Vice Presi-
dent of the United States, belonging to all of
us, and no man being permitted to question
our sentiments uttered here under our oaths of
office and in the presence of our constituents.
And now, Mr. President, I will say what I
presume is understood; I will say what is
proven by the leading papers of the Repub-
lican party, that our great error, while we were
responsible for reconstructing the southern
States, our great national error was this: we
must necessarily reconstruct according to law,
and use the instrumentality of the Army spe-
cially, and wo must reconstruct so, if possible,
as that the political power shall be manipulated
by us for the good of the party, and of course
of the country. Under these circumstances,
then, it was thought at that time that it would
not do to let any man have a view on a ques-
tion of this kind unless it came through , tke
Committee on Reconstruction, and hence lib-
erality of action could not be, as the majority
seemed to think, entertained on a question of
that character.
Then there was another trouble. The office-
holders sent to the South to take charge of all
these States were our political brethren pro-
fessedly. Now, we all know that many of
them have proven most consummate scoun-
drels and political thieves and vagabonds; but
inasmuch as we had appointed thein and were
responsible for them, it would not do to invoke
an investigation any more than to investigate
to-day, but we must cover up as far as possi-
ble for the purpose of saving ourselves from
political national discredit and disgrace; and
then they began to be emboldened, and .then
they came here and made application for legis-
lation. They came here and demanded that
we should stand by them, for if we did, not
political power would be lost. And the Senate
divided upon that question. There were those
undoubtedly who thought it was better to use
political power in such a way as to inure to the
benefit of the party and produce more power.
There were others who declared that the first
duty of a legislator must necessarily be to
legislate under the Constitution alike for all
men, and if in that legislation and under that
legislation the triumph of one party over
another took place, it was what from the
nature of things must be expected. Reverses
must be expected, and we must not make our-
selves parties to national crime and national
perfidy.
When the rule was settled that there should
not be any examinations that would implicate
the President or his special pets in jobs, or
any kind of political corruption in national
politics, they found at once that they would
have to cast the vail of seereey also over party
frauds and complications in the several States,
especially in the reconstructed States. And
how deep this determination had become is
proven by the resistance offered against invest-
igating the San Domingo case, in which they
feared to allow the American citizen Hatch
a hearing as to his cruel imprisonment; and
the manner recently in which they stubbornly
fought the resolution of the Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Trumbull] to investigate frauds in
which the President's pet, Tom Murphy, was
involved, never yielding an inch until the
public press lashed them into submission. I
must be allowed to quote the spirit of the rule
of secrecy laid down by the senior Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] in the San
Domingo ease.
In the Globe, part five, second session Forty-
First Congress, page 4200, that Senator said:
"I think one of the greatest weaknesses of this
Republican party of ours ia that we are always try-
ing to find out faults among ourselves. We should
leave that to our political opponents."
But if left to political opponents in the Sen-
ate they are so hopelessly in a minority that
they could not order and carry an investigation
in many years ; and if they should be allowed
to make a minority report from a committee,
how easy it would be to denounce it as " Dem-
ocratic lies?"
This system of perpetual incubation, with-
out ever arising to discover whether they were
hatching geese or scorpions, involved the dan-
ger of their being poisoned to death, to the
great detriment and disgrace of the Republican
party. But no description of senatorial inqui-
sition and discipline, whether of the caucus or
open Senate, would be complete without the
picture of it drawn by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Wilson.] I read from the Globe,
Forty-Second Congress, first session, pages 42
and 4U:
"Isay to my political friends I do not belong to
this party of discipline. You cannot disciplino the
Republican party. Xou may try it if you please, gen-
tlemen. The Republican party came into being
agaii^st discipline, against all sorts of overriding and
crushing influences. It was itself a protest against
party discipline and party domination. It was a
pledge of personal independence, of free thought,
and of manhood. We are living in an age of inde-
pendent Journals. Nearly all the great leading
organs that represent our ideas and support our pol-
icy claim to be, and are, independent journals. They
criticise their political friends, and sometimes more
sharply than they do their political enemies. We
are living in a time when men think for themselves,
a time of individuality, when party ties are easily
sundered. The great body of the Republican party
of the country,, the men that brought this Admin-
istration into power, who carried it on their broad
shoulders, and must uphold it if it is upheld at all,
and will bear the Republican flag to victory two
years hence, if it is borno to victory, are the inde-
pendent, free-thinking men who have some personal
independence, some dignity, and some manhood."
Then the honorable Senator proceeded :
"We hear something about disciplining men. Wo
have a class of politicians who have an idea that if
they can show the scalps of their political friends
they are-mighty war ehiefs."
That is a passage which might be rean-
nounced ia the words of the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts to these gentlemen in
their hours of arrogance, that we have hera a
class of politicians who have the idea that if
they can show the scalps of their political
friends they are mighty war chiefs.
" There are certain gentlemen"—
Says he—
"There are certain gentlemen whose only trophies
are the scalps of their political friends, and who con-
trive somehow by their discipline to discipline their
party out of power."
That is the view held by the journals which
I have been quoting:
" Better allow freedom of thought, word, and act,
and hold large masses of independent men to your
standard. My adviee to that class of politicians ii
to give up the idea of party discipline, and lay down
principles, and ideas, and policies, to appeal to tho
manhood and the noble sentiments of the people."
Then he concluded his remarks by saying:
"Before you attempt this plan of disciplining
Senators, of putting men down for this thing, that,
or the other, my adviee to you is to close up your
ranks, rectify your mistakes, and stand unitedly
before the country. Remember that victory clings
to unity."
These noble utterances were worthy of a
Senator from Massachusetts, and form a
respectable appendix to the immortal words
of Webster:
" ' Matches and over-matches.' These term3 are
more applicable elsewhere than here, and fitter for
other assemblies thaaa this. Sir, the gentleman seems
to forget where and what we are. This is a Senate:
a Senate of equals; of men of individual honor and
personal character, ai^d of absolute independence.
We know no masters: we acknowledge no dictators.
This is a Hall for mutual consultation, not an arena
for the exhibition of champions"—
Nor, as the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts of to-day would have it, an arena for
the exhibition of political scalps.
This picture from a Senator so devoted to
the fortunes of General Grant, so reluctant to
criticise any man where a charitable conclu-
sion can be reached, is to be regarded as a
withering denunciation extorted where hold-
ing back would have been criminal and self-
degrading.
The case is made; the proofs are conclusive
that a systematic and persistent effort has
been ms^e to coerce obedience in the Senate
to the will and wish of one man, the President
of the United States.
I wish to sustain a law, but they declare my
act is " a proclamation of distrust of the Pres-
ident." I wish to protect the rights of an
American citizen, but they declare my act
is "assailing the President." I ask an in-
vestigation into Government frauds, and
they declare " this is an attack on the Admin-
istration."
Thus yielding to the President's military
assumptions they see him in law as in a mili-
tary order. They gee him in the act of an
agent in San Domingo, and as the many-
