180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Doeember 18,
citizen be any the worse off if his rights are en-
croached upon by a standing committee of the
Senate, than he would if they were encroached
upon by a select committee of the two Heuses ?
Is the Senator from Indiana astonished, or is
the Senator from Ohio astonished that the peo-
ple of the United States cannot see the differ-
ence? Are they surprised that the people
cannot understand what difference it makes
whether a standing committee of this body has
authority to send for persons and papers, or a
select committee of both Houses has that
power ? It is the thing that we are after ; we
want to expose and correct abuses if they
exist. I do not think they should be at all
surprised that the country understands them
to be opposed to retrenchment and the correc-
tion of abuses, when thev look back at the
action of the last few days in this body.
When it is proposed to raise a standing com-
mittee of the Senate, and I offer as an amend-
ment the proposition that it shall have author-
ity to make these inquiries, to examine for
abuses, to ascertain whether the patronage of
the country is used for mere partisan purposes,
and not for the public good, and that the com-
mittee shall have power to send for persons
and papers, how am I met? " Oh, it will not
do to give that power to a standing committee
of the Senate; that is monstrous.'' First, Sen-
ators go to work to get rid of the joint com-
mittee of both Houses, and propose to raise a
standing committee of the Senate without giv-
ing it any powers ; and when it is proposed to
give it powers, ''Oh, you must not do that,
because it would go into the rules of the Sen-
ate that a standing committee was vested with
certain powers, and that will never do!" How
could the Senator from Indiana expect any
thing else but that, to use his 1 "im-
partial observers'" would say that these were
mere formalities, technicalities, thrown in the
way of the investigation which it was sought
to make?
Well, Mr. President, the proposition to
amend the resolution raising a standing com-
mittee of the Senate by vesting it with the
powers that had been given to the prior Com-
mittee on Retrenchment was voted down.
Then it was said, " Oh. you have got civil ser-
vice in this amendment, and that subject has
already been referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary." I said t® Senators, ''Let us take
civil service out of the amendment, except
that part of the provision which relates to the
use of patronage for partisan purposes." Not
satisfied with that, the newspapers say another
caucus was called, and another resolution is
brought into the Senate naming the members
of the committee.
Mr. President, I have nothing to say in re-
gard to my associates who are to be placed
upon the committee. The chairman ofthe com-
mittee. the honorable Senator from Connecti-
cut, [Mr. Buckingham,] is a gentleman of
the highest character, one of the purest men in
public life in this country, one m whom I have
the utmost confidence, who through a, long life
has been noted for his integrity, his uprightness,
and his virtues in every walk of lite, and he is my
personal friend. I have no imputation to
east upon the committee as individual Senators.
I would have no right to make imputations.
In my heart I have no feelings of unkindness
against one of them. But, in the language
again of the Senator from Indiana, "impartial
observers" will ask, how did this committee
happen to be made up as it is?
Now. sir, we have arrived at the last step
where it is proposed to form this committee
after having voted down or laid on the table the
various propositions to give it those powers
without which it eati be of but little service. I
have smuggled here day after day, and until I
fear I have wearied the Senate and made my-
self obnoxious in trying to get a direct vote
to see whether the Senate was disposed to vest
this committee with powers that would make
it efficient. Why, sir, the Senator from Con-
necticut, pure as he is, and opposed to every
sort of iniquity in public or private life, can
do nothing under this resolution unless you
give him some power under which he can act.
And now when it is proposed to give him this
power, we are told, '1 Oh, no, no power to send
for persons and papers, no power to inquire
whether the patronage of the Government is
used for partisan purposes, no power to inquire
whether out in Kentucky subordinate officers
have had deducted nearly half their monthly
pay on assessments made by political com-
mittees." Sir, I want this committee clothed
with authority to go and make all these in-
quiries. It is accidental that I happen to know
of this Kentucky case. It is accidental that I
learned of the case in Vermont in reference to
which I handed a letter to the Senator from
V ermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was that case as
you understand it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The letter is a lengthy
one. The writer complains, I think, of super-
numerary officers.
Now, Mr. President, I do not think it
strange that the intelligent people of this
country should have supposed that there was
something in the way of investigation : but
before taking my seat I desire to clear the
skirts of the Republican party from any such
imputation. I deny that thirty-four Senators
in this body have a right to speak for the
Republican party of this nation. They may
speak for themselves, but they cannot bind the
Republican party of my State, nor of the other
States of this Union to any such proposition
as will throw obstacles—whether designed or
not, the people will understand them to be
obstacles—in the" way of investigation. The
people of this country, as I said, do not, care
whether your investigations are by a joint
select committee of the two Houses or by a
standing committee of one House. They care
not whether the power to send for persons and
papers is exercised by a joint committee or by
a standing committee.
And, lest I forget it, Mr. President, let me
say right here that this is a false alarm that is
raised lest the rights of the citizen should be
Lencroached upon if the committee is vested
with power to send for persons and papers.
This committee has been treated as if it was
to examine into the private affairs of citizens
throughout the country. It is no such thing.
It is a committee vested, if my amendment
should be adopted, with power to send for
persons and papers in reference to what? In
reference to the expenditures in all branches
of the service of the United States, and to
inquire what offices ought to be abolished. Is
there any objection to clothing a committee
with power to send for persons and papers to
make such inquiries, to know what offices
ought to be abolished? Does that authorize
the committee to summon before it the citizens
of the country disconnected with office, and
examine their private papers as to private
matters? Not at all. It authorizes a com-
mittee of the Senate of the United States to
inquire into public matters, and that is a just
authority belonging to a committee of this
body.
My proposition is to vestthe committee with
power to send for persons and papers, so as to
inquire into the methods of procuring account-
ability in public officers or agents. Is that
going to interfere with the rights of the citi-
zen ? It is in reference to public employ-
ment, in reference to public money, in refer-
ence to the collection, the care, and the dis-
bursement of public funds, in reference to the
official conduct of the men in office, that we
propose to inquire : and am I to be told that
it is a dangerous power for the Congress ofthe
United States or one of its branches to inquire
into the public service by sending for persons
and sending for papers whenever they deetn it
necessary? So, sir, you see that this is no
unusual power; it is no new resolution.
I have offered as an amendment to the pend-
ing proposition the resolution substantially as
I offered it originally. I am met with a prop-
osition to strike out its vita! parts, to deny
the committee power to send for persons and
papers, to deny the committee power to in-
quire into the propriety of withdrawing the
public service from being used as an instru-
ment of political or party patronage. Sir,
they are the vital parts of this resolution. I
show you instances of the abuse of public pat-
ronage, and 1 wish this committee to have
authority to inquire into it that we may have
a purer public service, a higher standard of
political morals, and greater economy in the
management of public affairs. Why this is
objected to, I cannot see. I see these tech-
nical objections that are made, and I am not
surprised that the country regards them as
technical. But. sir, I deny that the Republi-
can party of this country or the Administration
of the Government isopposed to investigation,
is opposed to economy, is opposed to an in-
quiry as to how moneys are collected and
disbursed.
It was in consequence of the abuses of the
Government and its encroachments upon hu-
man liberty that the Republican party was
formed. It must not be false to its origin, and,
sir, my Republicanism is not to be measured
by the standard that is attempted to be set up
here in this Senate Chamber. I repudiate it.
I deny the authority of the Senator from In-
diana or any other Senator, or forty Senators,
to determine for me what true Republicanism
is. The action that has been taken in this
body is at war with the genuine principles of
the party as enunciated from the beginning. I
am willing that my action in reference to this
matter shall go to the country, and let those
who vote down the proposition they sustained
for years explain the reason of their action,
if they can, to the satisfaction of the people
they represent.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I have not
attempted to measure the Republicanism of the
Senator from Illinois. I have no right to do
it. I have no power to do such a thing, even
in regard to the humblest member of the party.
I never assumed it. Whether the Senator is
a Republican depends upon his own convic-
tion and action: and whether the people of
this country believe that he is a Republican
will depend, not upon what I or any other man
may say, but upon what he himself may say
or do.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator has alluded
to the caucus. I believe it is the first time
that it has been mentioned here by any Repub-
lican Senator on this floor. The caucus has
been arraigned by him forhaving assumed juris-
diction of this subject when it had no proper
right to do so. The Senator lias brought the
caucus here ; I have not. But when the Sen-
ator speaks of the caucus and arraigns it for
taking jurisdiction of this matter. I think the
Senator ought in all frankness, in justice to
his associates and his party, to tell who it was
that first brought this subject into caucus, who
first carried it there: and I wait for an answer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator refers
to rae, I will say that I have not yet stated what
occurred in caucus. I have stated what the
newspapers said. I should be very glad so
far as I had any connection with proceedings
in caucus to state it; but 1 doubt the propriety
of doing so. and I have not gone into the action
inside of the caucus, f will say this much,
however, to the Senator, that I introduced the
resolution into the Senate without instructions
one way or the olher from the caucus.
Mr. MORJ'ON. The Senator has not told
us who brought this subject into caucus first,
lie says he has not gone into what the caucus
did. lie has. lie is mistaken. When he
mentioned what the newspapers said about it
we all understood him to mean that the caucus
had taken jurisdiction of thai question and that
it had been considered in caucus. That is
