128
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
Ho. op Reps.
Civil Service Reform—Mr. Speer.
4'2d Cong....2d Sess.
tenure to office for the period of four years.
In that time he will be enabled to prove to the
public his fitness and competency for the office,
and also to serve the country efficiently and
beneficially.
In regard to that portion of this proposed
amendmeut to the Constitution which reserves
in certain cases to the President the power of
removal. I am of the op nion that this power
should be much more fully guarded, and con-
fined to the single cause of loyalty to the Gov-
ernment, and if in any wise extended to the
character, habits, and other qualifications of
the incumbent of an office, it should only be
made to apply to such character, habits, or
other qualifications as necessarily, absolutely,
and utterly render the officer unfit to discharge
the duties of the office. When the people are
clothed with the exercise of any right they
are very naturally jealous of any interference
with their action, and I trust this part of the
proposition will receive earnest attention be-
fore we act.
I am glad that it is expressly declared that
no citizen shall be removed from his office on
account of his political and religious opinions.
Perfect liberty of political action and con-
science are secured to him. And I apprehend
that no President would ever dare to remove
any citizen elected by the people who was
loyal to the Republic from his office, if he had
during his incumbency of it discharged its
duties with integrity, fidelity, and ability.
Mr. Speaker, it is my judgment that one
among the many beneficial results to follow
from conferring or rather transferring this
power back to the people would be that the
people of the several States would be brought
into closer sympathy and relations with the
General Government. In being called upon
directly and frequently to choose their fellow-
citizens to fill these Federal offices, they would
more strikingly and more manifestly realize
how much they participate in the honors and
government of the whole country, and how
intimately and vitally their interests and for-
tunes are allied with its well-being and per-
petuity.
Another good result to flow from this pro-
posed change when consummated will be this :
the President will most assuredly be relieved
from a very great responsibility in not having
these officers to appoint, and the wide-reach-
ing and constantly growing patronage now dis-
pensed by him will be very greatly curtailed
and narrowed. In this curtailment of the pat-
ronage of the President would be included all
the offices which, from the fact that the per-
sons to be chosen to fill them reside in dif-
ferent and in most cases remote parts of the
country, the President and the heads of De-
partments experience the most, difficulties in
making appointments to. They are the offices
which the most intelligent and ardent advo-
cates of civil service reform complain that
there is the greatest abuses in the manner in
which appointments are made to fill them.
They are also the offices which for the past
forty years, by usage and custom, members of
Congress have almost uniformly been allowed
to dictate appointments to, thereby usurping,
as we are told, the powers and functions of
the Executive. If this be so, I ask if this
proposition be not the best and most practical
remedy and solution of the abuses complained
of and the difficulties that environ us?
There is yet another good effect that will
follow the adoption of this proposed change in
regard to the selection of the persons to hold
these offices. Sir, the members of this House
will feel much freer to actindependently upon
all great public measures in the success or
defeat of which the Executive may attempt to
exert an influence beyond his right and duty.
This being the popular branch of the national
Legislature, the people are vitally concerned
that their Representatives here should have
every motive to cherish a bold and independ
ent spirit toward the other branches of the
Government. And these offices are the very
ones in seeking to control the appointments
to through the Executive that we are most
likely to compromise our independence by sub-
ordinating the highest interests of our con-
stituents to his wishes, and becoming slavishly
subservient to his will.
Mr. Speaker, I did not intend when I entered
upon the discussion of this proposition, nor do I
now intend, to go into the subject of what is
now denominated civil service reform, but in
view of the fact that the ablest members of
this House who have manifested the greatest
interest in securing legislation to correct the
abuses, of the civil service, so far as I have
been able to learn from their speeches and
from conversation with them, have become
satisfied that as the Constitution ordains that
this House shall choose none but its own offi-
cers, and the Senate none but its own officers,
and that the President shall nominate, and,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, appoint all other officers of the Gov-
ernment, with the exception that " the Con-
gress may by law vest the appointment of
such inferior officers as they think proper in
the President alone, in the courts of law,
or in the heads of Departments," there is no
power in Congress to make it obligatory upon
the President to adopt any particular system
or set of rules for his government in making
selections to fill these important offices. The
question as to whether he will have an advis-
ory board of competent persons to assist him
in choosing those who are to be appointed to
these important offices, must be altogether
optional with himself. Now, as many of these
important offices may become elective if this
resolution should be adopted, to that extent
the grievous abuses complained of by the ad-
vocates of civil service reform would be done
away with. I hope, therefore, these gentle-
men will give this proposition their earnest
support when it comes before the House.
Mr. Speaker, before concluding, I wish to
call the attention of the members of this House
to a bill which I introduced during the present
session of Congress, and which was referred
to the Committee on the Reorganization of
the Civil Service, and is now receiving, I learn,
the favorable consideration of that committee.
I feel sure that if the committee will require
the heads of the different Departments to fur-
nish the residence of their employes, the ne-
cessity and importance of some change as
proposed by this bill will be seen at once. It
is the same bill introduced by the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Shanks] in the Fortieth
Congress. The principal object sought to be
accomplished by this bill is to secure a just and
fair distribution of the employes in the differ-
ent Departments here. It provides that the
several congressional districts, organized Ter-
ritories, and the District of Columbia, shall
be entitled to equal numbers and ranks of
employes in the several Departments and
forces as far as the same may be practicable,
and that all appointments made after the
passage of the act shall be to equalize the
number and rank of employes, and that the
equalization from the several districts and
Territories shall be made by the 1st of March,
1873.
It is too often the case that the head of a
Department will make the great body of his
appointments from one or two States. When
we consider that the employes in the different
Departments amount in the aggregate to from
ten to twelve thousand persons, it will be per-
ceived how unjust this is. These employes
form a large part of the community around
this Capitol, and if as it. now is, and as it was
before the late war, they are principally chosen
from a few States and from this District, they
must and do too often exert an influence that
is not always good upon measures and policies
we may be considering. It has been said that
these Departments were filled almost exclu-
sively with persons from a few States south of
the Potomac and from this District, and their
presence in such great numbers in the Depart-
ments enabled them for years to exert an in-
fluence hostile to the best interests of the
country, and I have no doubt that they endan-
gered its existence after the warcommenced. If
this bill is enacted into law these appointments
will be apportioned fairly among the people,
and no head of Department will be allowed to
make the great body of his appointments from
local considerations, and, as is sometimes the
case, with a view to his own advancement and
promotion at home.
Mr. Speaker, in conclusion I wish to say
that I do not distrust the capacity and intelli-
gence of the people to choose those who are
to fili public offices; when I do I shall cer-
tainly pronounce against our form of govern-
ment. In the end I believe it will be found
that they have the ability and will to right all
wrongs and to correct all abuses. The recent
experience we have had in the great city of
New York, where the people arose in their
dignity and might and by the expulsive force
of their honest indignation hurled from place
and power the corrupt men who had been out-
raging their rights and committing every kind
and character of peculation, proves that when
there are abuses in the administration of gov-
ernment, when public officers become corrupt
and false to their duty, the best as it is the
highest tribunal to appeal to for correction is
the people.
Civil Service Reform.
SPEECH OF HON. THOMAS J. SPEER,
of georgia,
In the House op Representatives,
March 2, 1872,
On the report transmitted to the Senate and Houso
of Representatives, by the President of the United
States, on civil service reform.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I
desire briefly to present to the House my views
upon a report transmitted to the Senate and
House of Representatives by the President of
the United States on the 19th day of Decem-
ber, 1871. I allude to the report made to the
President by a body of gentlemen known as
the civil service commission. The gentle-
men composing that commission are entitled
to the highest respect; they are men of great
purity of character, possessed of much learn-
ing, and were guided, I have no doubt, in the
performance of their duty by entire honesty
of purpose. But, sir, notwithstanding these
facts, I hold that when they drafted that report
and framed the rules which accompany it they
were out of their element. Their invention is
like a great many others which have gone be-
fore it, destined to do no one any good, further
than the satisfaction it gave the inventor while
he was engaged in the perfection of his pro-
ject. The models of thousands of inventions
as useful and valuable as this now sleep their
eternal sleep upon the shelves of the Patent
Office, and this, like them, should be allowed
to take its place among the useless and value-
less products of the past.
My objections to this civil service reform
scheme are not factious, nor, to my mind, in-
valid, but are based upon the utter impracti-
cability of the plan proposed by the commis-
sioners. It is a very easy matter for any gen-
tleman to sit at home end draft a scheme on
paper to revolutionize the whole civil servic ;
of this Government. It is quite another and-
