1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
129
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Civil Service Reform—Mr. Speer.
Ho. of Eeps.
far more difficult matter to form apian of this
kind which will operate practically under our
form of government ana under our peculiar
Constitution.
Under our Constitution no tenure of office
is perpetual, save that of judges of the United
States courts. This was made so that the
judges might be in a measure independent
of the people. All other officers are respons-
ible to the people and to those the people put
in official position. Wheu the people framed
the Constitution, and set this Government in
motion under it, it was intended, and wisely,
too, that those officers who are responsible to
tbe people should be  subject to the people's
will. Anything, therefore, which tends to
make the tenure of any office perpetual, save
those made so by the Constitution itself, is in
my judgment antagonistic to the organic law,
and should not receive the sanction of this
House.
The report of the civil service commission
assumes that the system now in vogue—a sys-
tem which has been a rule of action since the
accession of General Jackson to the Presi-
dency—tends to debase the moral tone of the
country and deteriorate the national charac-
ter, and though there are some good men in
the civil service, the whole machinery is cor-
rupting, and soon to become hopelessly corrupt,
unless the commission plan is adopted. This
assumption, sir, is not warranted by the facts,
and I conceive it to be unjust to the American
people.
Wherein has this system, which has become,
as it were, the common law of the country,
proven itself so detrimental to the public good
that we must Cast it aside and adopt some
new and untried scheme? Even if "in obedi-
ence to this system the whole machinery of
the Government is pulled to pieces every four
years," what evidence have we of any '" surely
increasing demoralization ? " As a nation we
stand foremost among the first nations of
the known world. Our Government is stronger
to-day than ever before. Crime, in proportion
to our population, is decreasing in our midst.
Facilities for education are being multiplied
on every hand. In fact, a more prosperous
and happy people than our people cannot be
found upon the inhabitable globe. These facts
present to ray mind the most convincing proof
of the increasing and enduring greatness ot our
country, and not evidence of its ''increasing
demoralization." The only ''increasing de-
moralization'* I can discover is the demoral-
ization of criminals by reason of the vigilance
of our civil officers under the present "evil
system," and the unsparing and rigid enforce-
ment of the law.
The United States has, under the operation
of this " evil system," as the report styles the
practice of arbitrary appointments and Re-
movals, become the freest and greatest nation
in the civilized world. Could it have done
more under the operation of any other system ;
Could it not, by having been hampered by a
system of civil service obnoxious to the people
aud weakening to the Government, as the one
now proposed, have done much less?
Suppose, "in obedience to this system, the
whole machinery of the Government is pulled
to pieces every tour years," who is responsible
for it but the people who rule this country?
if the people did not desire the " machinery
to be "pulled to pieces" they would never
change the political complexion of the national
administration, when they well know m case
the Administration is changed the "whole
macliinerynt the Government will be pulled
t0T'be whole civil service of the Government
mav be changed, from the President to the
lowest officer in the country, aud no convul-
sion will result. The last time the whole
42d (Jong. 2d Skss.—No. 9.
machinery." of the Government was "pulled
to pieces" was in 1861, when Abraham Lin-
coln acceded to the Presidency. This did
nothing to weaken the Government, but every-
thing to give it strength to begin and carry on
a gigantic war.
It is true that the President and other high
officers of the Government are worried by the
importunities of office-seekers, but this is one of
few disagreeable matters with which they have
to contend, and which are always incident to
official position clothed with the bestowal of
patronage, and cannot be avoided by any change
in the civil service. This is one of the thorns
to the presidential rose. There will be as
much pressure brought to bear to have each
one of the fortunate' three who have passed
the competitive examination appointed, rather
than the other two, as there now is to have an
appointment made from the whole body of the
people without an examination. It will be as
difficult and embarrasing to choose which of
three of equal merit Bhoutd be appointed as it
is now to choose from all the applicants. So
far, therefore, as relief from annoyance by
office-seekers is concerned, the plan proposed
by the commissioners is destined to beau igno-
minious failure.
Again, the report says:
" The chief national appointments in the several
States are now really made, not by the President
and the Senate, but at the pleasure, of the senators
from the States in which the office is to be filled.'
Grant this to be so, is that any evidence of
the total depravity of the present system of the
civil service? If the President sees fit, through
courtesy or otherwise, to allow a Senator or
Representative to suggest the name of a suit-
able person for a particular office, there is no
great harm in that; nor is there anything so
terribly corrupt in allowing a Senator or Rep-
resentative to name even all the chief national
officers in his State, if the President sees fit so
to do. In my judgment it does the President
great credit when he allows the people'simme-
diate representatives to suggest suitable per-
sons to till the people's offices. It shows that
he is willing to serve the people in the peo-
ple's way. If there is nothing more repre
hensible than this in the present "evil sys-
tem," there can be but little room for reform.
The report in this particular not only ar-
raigns the President for exercising his pre-
rogative of appointment as to him shall seem
most proper, but it goes further, and arraigns
the Senate for being in a measure guided by
the knowledge of any particular Senator when
acting upon a nomination by the President.
That the commissioners in this exceeded the
limits of their duty, as well as tbe bounds of
propriety, there can be no reasonable doubt.
The Congress of the United States can guard
its own honor and "remain pure" without the
gratuitous advice and intermeddling of these
self-constituted censors. The duty of that
commission was to prescribe rules and regu-
lations for the admission ot persons into the
civil service, and not to lecture the President
or Congress for the manner in^ which either
performed a discretionary constitutional duty.
The commissioners complain that persons
in the civil service do not have that pride
which so distinguishes the military or naval
service of the country. They seem to have
forgotten, sTr, that there is not the same glory
in distributing letters m a post office or light-
ing a lamp upon a tower that there is in lead-
ing an army or commanding a ship of war;
and I am not satisfied that distributing mails
or lighting lamps will become as glorious an
occupation as ttie profession of arms, even u
these rules and regulations should become the
law of the land. In the Army or Navy, too,
a man may rise from the_ very lowest to tbe
highest post of honor, while in the civil ser-
vice, as provided by these very rules and regu-
lations, he is forever shut out from the most
honorable and responsible positions in the
service unless he gets them by an arbitrary ap-
pointment, and that, too, without the formal-
ity of an examination, which in all olhercases
these commissioners declare to be so detri-
mental to the public service. This is another
difference between the civil and military ser-
vices which seems to have escaped the minds
of the commissioners when that report was
drafted.
The commissioners put the case in the
strongest possible light for their side, and
handle the subject with marked ability. The
defects in our present "evil system" are
shown up in their most glaring aspect. These
defects, as they are called, appear to me to be
greatly exaggerated. But not only are the
defects which now are alleged to exist set forth,
but also those which will follow if this " evil
system" is not abandoned, and the plan pro-
posed by the commissioners substituted there-
for. The report predicts that if this system is
continued longer, great and widespread cor-
ruption will be the sure result. It says:
" When public offices are regarded only as rewards
for political services, they will bo constantly multi-
plied to supply more places. There will be inces-
sant temporary employments, as they are called, and
consequent deficiency and supplementary appropri-
ation bills."
Public offices have been regarded as rewards
for political services in this country since its
foundation, and more particularly for the last
forty years. 1 believe this to be the true doc-
trine, "To the victor," and not to tbe van-
quished, "belong the spoils." If one of the
victorious party is competent to fill an office,
and he desires that office, there is no just rea-
son why the vanquished should not be put out
and the victor put in.
But the victorious party in future is not to
stop at that, according to these commission-
ers, for offices are to be "constantly multi-
plied" to supply more places for politicians.
If an office is created it must, be done by the
Congress, and if it is created for a particular
individual as a reward for political services,
it must be previously arranged, with the ap-
pointing power, that the individual for whose
benefit the office is created will be appointed.
Is anv gentleman on this floor so credulous as
to believe that the President and Congress of
the United States would conspire against the
public Treasury and abuse the high trust re-
posed in them in such a manner and for such
a purpose? Such an idea is too ridiculous for
serious consideration. The tendency under
the present Administration has been not " con-
stantly to multiply offices to supply more places
as rewards for political services,5' but wisely
to reduce the number of officers in the various
Departments of the Government, throwing out
the incompetent and useless, retaining only
such as were necessary for the transaction of
the public business.
These " incessant temporary employments,
as they are called," are a source of very great
solicitude upon the part of the commissioners.
In fact, according to them, this "evil" is to
be carried to such an extent that vast .
ciencyand supplementary appropriation bills
are to be the consequence. This gives a very
alarming aspect to the case. Congress is to
become so corrupt and the President is to
become so corrupt that tbe one will pass
these "deficiency and supplementary appro-
priation bills" to provide means for paying
these "incessant temporary' enp.oyment
men, while the other is to allow such ' tem-
porary employments," knowing at the same
time that it is detrimental to the public ser-
vice, illegal, and useless. Does the past his-
tory of this Government justify such a predic-
tion?
