1078
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 16?,
meaning-of the third section of the joint reso-
lution approved July 11, 1870, entitled " A
joint resolution amendatory of the joint reso-
lution for the relief of certain officers of the
Army," approved July 26,1866 ; and the same
■was recommitted to the committee, and ordered
to be printed.
UNITED STATES FORTS IN TEXAS.
Mr. COBOIiN also, by unanimous consent,
from the same committee, reported back the
bill (H. R. No. 1130) to provide for the pur-
chase by the Secretary of War of land for the
United States in the State of Texas for the
sites of forts and military posts; and the
same was recommitted to the committee, and
ordered to be printed.
ENLISTMENT OF MINORS.
Mr. COBURN also, by unanimous consent,
from the same committee, reported back the
bill (H. R. No. 838) to provide that minors
shall not be enlisted in the military or naval
service of the United States without the con-
sent of parents or guardians ; and the same was
recommitted to the committee, and ordered
to be printed.
SALE OF ARSENALS.
Mr. COBURN also, by unanimous consent,
from the same committee, reported back the
bill (H. R. No. 610) authorizing the sale of
certain arsenals and other property of the Uni-
ted States, with an amendment, in the nature
of a substitute; and the same was recommitted
to the committee, and ordered to be printed.
IWMB ARSENAL.
On motion of Mr. COBURN, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Military Affairs
was discharged from the further consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 792) to authorize the
sale of the arsenal at Rome, New York, and
to appropriate the proceeds; and the same was
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to know whether these recom-
mittals have been made with the understand-
ing that the bills are not to be brought back
by motions to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman does not desire to bring
them back by a motion to reconsider.
ARTESIAN WELLS.
On motion of Mr. DAWES,-by unanimous
consent, the Committee of Ways and Means
was discharged from the further consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 1605) to encourage the
sinking of artesian wells upon the public lands
in the State of Nevada; and the same was
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
FRAUDS UPON THE TREASURY.
On motion of Mr. DAWES, by unanimous
consent, the Committee of Ways and Means
was discharged from the further consideration
of the joint resolution (H. R. No. 89) to con-
strue section two of the act approved Febru-
ary 26,1853, entitled ' 'An act to prevent frauds
upon the Treasury of the United States and
the same was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
ADMISSION OF PHOTOGRAPHS.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee of Ways and Means
and have put upon its passage the bill (H. R.
No. 1260) to provide for the admission of
photographs for exhibition free of duty.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
vides that alt photographic pictures imported
into the United States for exhibition at the
exhibition of the National Photographic
Association of the United States, to be held
at Cleveland, Ohio, commencing June 7,1872,
and not intended for sale, shall be admitted
free of duty under such rules and regulations
as the Secretary of the Treasury shall pre-
scribe ; provided that bonds shall bo given
for the payment to the United States of such
duties as are now imposed by law upon any
and all of such pictures as shall not be reex-
ported prior to the 1st of October, 1872.
No objection being made, the bill was re-
ceived and ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PREEMPTION SETTLERS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to have put upon its passage the bill (H. R.
No. 1021) for the relief of preemption settlers
in the State of California.
Mr. COX. I must object to the considera-
tion of that bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I trust the gentleman will
not object.
Mr. WOOD. Let us hear it read for inform-
ation.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
vides that all bona jide preemption claimants
who may have filed their declaratory state-
ments prior to the passage of this act upon
any of. the public lands in the State of Cali-
fornia shall have one year from and after the
passage of this act in which to make proof
and payment for their respective claims.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire a moment to
explain this matter to the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I reserve the right to
object.
Mr. SARGENT. I can explain the bill in
a moment. It has the unanimous assent of
the Committee on the Public Lands. The
necessity for it arises out of this state of facts :
for three years past in California, until the pres-
ent winter, by continued droughts impoverish-
ing the farmers, the preemptors have never
been able to get the means of supporting their
families. And for this year they have been
compelled to mortgage their preemption claims
for whatever that mortgage may be worth, in
order to get money to bay the seed with which
to seed down their land this coming spring. It
was found that in large districts of country, such
as the San Joaquin valley, families were being
subsisted upon boiled barley, and the charities
of our State were awakened and relief sent to
them. The time expires the last of May or
the first of June next, and unless the time is
extended so that they can have the advantage
of the beneficent rains that have fallen this
winter, and utilize the seed that they have
secured at such inconvenience to themselves,
they will have to abandon their claims and to
lose that which has been the home of their
families for years.
Mr. WOOD. I object, until I have time to
examine this bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope it will be noted
where the objection comes from.
BOUNTIES.
Mr. STOUGHTON, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on Military
Affairs House bill No. 785, in relation to boun-
ties, with a substitute; which substitute was
ordered to be printed, and together with the
bill recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the various votes of recommittal this
morning ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMERICAN SHARPSHOOTERS' FESTIVAL.
Mr. HAY. I have the honor to present a
communication which I ask to have read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Highland, Illinois, February —, 1872.
Mr. Speaker: Under the auspices of tho National
Association of American Sharpshooters, a great
national festival will be held from the 19th to the
26th day ot May. 1872, at Highland, in the State of
Illinois.
The objectof the festival, the fifth of this kind ever
held in America, is not only to bring together once
more all the organizations of sharpshooters in the'
United States,and thereby promote thespecial objects,
of the association, but also to foster and cultivate the
unity and harmony of the various nationalities rep-
resenting the power, civilization, and progress of the
great American Republic.
In compliance with a resolution of the above asso-
ciation, we tender you and the membersof the House
this invitation, with the most respectful request to
honor our festival with your presence.
With the greatest respect, we remain, yours, truly,
for the National Association of American Sharp-
shooters,
The EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
r ■] A. PELDER, President,
Ll. s.j TIMOTHY GRUAZ, Secretary.
Hon. Jambs G. Blaine, Speaker of the Souse of
Representatives, Washington, D. C.
Mr. HAY. Mr. Speaker, I have the honor
to present this communication addressed to-
you, and trust it will receive the same respect-
ful consideration from this House that was.
accorded to a similar one addressed to the
Speaker of the House in the year 1868. This
national festival of the American sharpshoot-
ers will be opened on the 19th of next May
with a grand demonstration and procession-
And, sir, the thousands of worthy and patri-
otic citizens who will participate in it will
feel highly gratified to know that we have tes-
tified by some act our gratefulness for this-
invitation extended to us in their behalf. I
hope, therefore, we will respond favorably to
it, and that a committee will be appointed to
attend if convenient.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman name
the number of the committee V
Mr. HAY. I will say five, which I believe
was the number of the former committee.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Five of the best
shots in the House.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What is the
proposition before the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
communication to be again read, if the gentle-
man desires.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I do not ask
to have it read for my information, but I want
my friends on the other side to fully under-
stand what it is.
Mr. HAY. It is simply an invitation to the
American Congress, like that extended to
Congress in 1868, when the festival of this
organization was held in New York city.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That is all
very well in times of peace. But with the
numerous applications I have from all sorts
of societies in the State of New York and else-
where,.asking me to call the attention of Con-
gress to them, I think the dignity of Congress
will be properly maintained by respectfully
receiving this communication. I think I must
object to the appointment of a committee of
members of this House to attend this festival.
Mr. W. R, ROBERTS. Would it be in
order to move that thy colleague of the boom-
erang [Mr. Cox] be added to this committee
to be present on this occasion ?
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the subject is not before the House.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. BECK. I ask consent of the House to
make a personal explanation.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. How long a time
does the gentleman desire?
Mr. BECK. A short time is all I ask. I
hope the gentleman will not object. It is a
matter personal to myself as a member of this
House. I assure the House I will not occupy
one moment longer than is necessary to put
myself right.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I will notobjeet.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish toask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky whether his explana-
tion involves any matter personal to a gentle-
man not a member of this House, or rather to
any member of the other branch of Congress ?
Mr. BECK. I desire to put myself right;
I and I assure the gentleman that I will not use
