1974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26;
an increase from $164,000 000to $206,000,000,
during which time there was a redaction of
$23,01)0,000 of duties, over twelve per cent,
of average reduction, and yet that increase
was made. I ask, in view of all these facts, is
there any reason to believe that this reduction
of ten per cent, upon the articles named in the
second section will result in the loss of a dol-
lar of actual revenue? In other words, we
shall get just as much next year from the same
articles as we got last year, resulting from the
causes that I have mentioned. Therefore, we
need not hesitate to sustain the second section
because we have voted to repeal the duties
upon tea and coffee entirely.
I have a statement here—I will not read it
all—of the increase of imports from 1850 to
1869, in 1850 being_$163,000,000 and in 1869,
$317,000,000, showing that without regard to
the rate of duties there has been this large
increase of nearly ten per cent, per annum.
_ Mr. President, the people expect a reduc-
tion of taxation. It is our duty to make it.
I believe, from the data given, that we can
take the entire duty off of tea and coffee;
that we can put those articles upon the free
list named in the amendment introduced by
the Finance Committee; that we can make
the reduction of ten per cent, upon the arti-
cles mentioned in section two ; that we can
take off the internal revenue taxes, except
those on spirits, fermented liquors, and to-
bacco, and still pay fifty millions a year in
the reduction of our public debt. If we can
do it, we ought to do it upon every considera-
tion. And, as I before remarked, if there
should be a deficit of some five or ten miiiiou
dollars, if the revenue should not quite come
up to what we expect for the next year, it will
be proper that some portion of the large sur-
plus in the Treasury, now $124,000,000, should
be used for the purpose of bringing the reduc-
tion of the public debt up to $50,000,000 a
year. We could then make the changes, if we
thought proper, in the revenue laws so as to
suit the results of actual experience.
I shall, therefore, at the proper time offer
as an amendment to the bill now before the
Senate the original Senate amendment strik-
ing out that part referring to tea and coffee, so
as to leave them as the Senator from Penn
sylvania has them in his bill, free, and shall
add to that another amendment in the follow-
ing words:
That all acts find parts of acts requiring stamps
anu linposing taxes thereon, except in regard to
spirits, fermented liquors, tobacco, snuff, and cigars,
ana ail acts and parts of acts imposing taxes upon
Iftera6ctober iri?raI°d' l° Uk° °ffeot aud
. Mr. SCOTI. As I desire to economize
time, I only wish to say that if the present
amendment shall be attached to this bill with
the notice given by the Senator from Indiana,
I shall consider it a waste of time to go on with
tne independent, bill, and will surrender the
control of the subject to the chairman of the
Committee on Finance again to take up the
general bill.
Me. BOREMAN. I do not propose to even
attempt to make a speech on the subject of the
tariff generally, and I should not say a word
were it not for the fact that the amendment
now pending and another amendment with
which we are threatened propose to strike at
two interests which are of great importance in
my State, and I may say, with the exception
probably of iron and glass, are the most im-
portant of any other manufactures in my State
This is a proposition not to modify the tariff
on the subject of salt, and we have an an-
nouncement of the same motion in regard to
coal, but it is to repeal the tariff entirely in
regard.to those articles.
. |fow: siri it seems to me that this is not an
indication of very careful and discreet states-
manship. So far as all other articles in the
bill are mentioned, the proposed change is very
light, the reduction is a very small percentage;
But here the proposition is to strike off the
tariff entirely. The motion now is to repeal
the duty on salt. It is, if I may be allowed so
to say, a violent proposition. Why should one
or two particular interests in this country be
selected for the purpose of destruction, if this
question of the tariff has anything in it at all,
while others are touched lightly and the duties
upon them are subjected to but a very slight
modification? But it seems to me that in the
regulation of the tariff—aud this is the point
to whioh I wish to call the'attention of the
Senate without going into an argument—in
regard to this particular interest we propose
to strike it down, not to regulate it, not to
modify it, not to deal with it temperately as we
do in regard to other articles that are manu-
factured in this country, but to reduce the duty
at once and let in the flood of opposition which
will come from foreign countries and destroy
our manufactories of salt entirely.
I had some other remarks to make in regard
to this proposition, but as it is probably the
desire of members of the Senate to take a
vote, I shall defer them to some future time,
if the discussion of this question shall be con-
tinued. I prefer to have a vote taken now, if
that is the desire of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
ROY in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois to the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. IRUMBULL. On that I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 29 ; as follows :
TB AS-Mossrs. Blair. Cooper, Uamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Kelly, Logau, Norwood, Pool,
Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson. Sawyer, Schurz, Spencer,
Suinner, lruinbull, and Windom—19.
^ Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well. Cameron, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conklmg.
Oorbett, Cragin, Fenton, Perry of Michigan, Fre-
jmghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Kel-
logg, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Patter-
son Pomeroy Rice, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, West,
Wilson, and Wright—29. '
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brownlow.
Buckingham, Carpenter. Casserly, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds. Ferry of
Connecticut, Flanagan, Ooldthwaite. Hitchcock,
Howe, Johnston, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Nye
T?pton"an<f dickers—25.6I1SC>n' St°°kt°a-Thurman'
So the amendment to the amendment was
rojected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont.. I inadvert-
ently voted on the amendment in regard to
salt. I was paired with the Senator from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter.] [ ask the con-
sent of the Senate to withdraw my vote, and
have the record corrected accordingly.
IHCJMBULL. That has never been
done in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the seven-
teenth rule it is forbidden that a Senator shall
vote under any circumstances after the de-
cision has been announced by the Chair; and
the fifty-third rule declares:
''But any rule may be suspended by unanimous
Sev^e."p^dS! e6T,ateenth shall
_ Ihat seems to cover, by a parity of reason-
ing the withdrawal of a vote. The Chair
thinks, however, the Senator's vote does not
change the result, and as his statement will
appear in.the.Globe that will effect his object.
Mr. 1RDMBULL. Now I move to put
coal upon the free list.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator irom Illinois moves further to amend the
amendment. The amendment to the amend-
ment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
port duties shall be collected upon th8 same.
Mr. TRUMBOLL. Let us have the yeas
and nays upon that.
The yeas and nays wore ordered; and being
taken resulted-yeas 17, nays 25; as follows!
linY Ha^Ul,ou ?f Texas- H m-
Wo'rwnnrf pjii '«£elKeUy- Lo«ai>- Morton,
bull/w^o^aiVw^fom^lT:061- Sw*c' TrUm"
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Caldwell, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clavton, Conklmg, Cooper, Corbett,
Cragin, Davis of West Virginia, Fenton, Ferry of
Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Maryland, Pomeroy, Poo!, Uiee, Robertson, Scott,
Sherman. Stewart, West, and Wright—25.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Brownlow. Buckingham, Carpenter, Casserly, Cole,
Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut,
Flanagan, Groldthwaite, Hitchcock, Howe, Johnston,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson, Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton,
and Vickers—31.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott.]
Mr. MORTON. I offer as an amendment
to that amendment the amendment reported
by the Committee on Finance of the Senate,
omitting the items of tea and coffee, leaving
them as they are in the bill now. In every
other respect it is the amendment of the
Finance Committee. It has been read before
in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana moves to amend the amendment
of* the Senator from Pennsylvania by adding
to it the amendment reported by the Commit-
tee on Finance to House bill No. 173, except-
ing therefrom tea and coffee.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Do I under-
stand that the effect of the amendment of the
Senator from Indiana is to reduce the duty ou
manufactured articles ten per cent. ?
Mr. MORTON. Those mentioned iu the
second section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a question of
order. The amendment of the Senator from
Pennsylvania being still peudiug, the propo-
sition of the Senator from Indiana is not
attached to or made an amendment to that.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. It is to amend
that amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I suggest to the
Senator from Indiana to let the amendment
of the Senator from Pennsylvania be first voted
upon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senatoi
from Indiana will withdraw his amendment a
moment, so as to allow the other to.be acted
upon, it will probably appear in a better con-
dition in the Globe and in the Journal. If
there be no objection, the amendment of the
Senator from Pennsylvania will be regarded as
agreed to fixing the time when this act shall
operate. It is agreed to.
. ^r' SCOT I. And also the clause regulat-
ing tea and coffee in bonded warehouses.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. Precisely. The
whole amendment as read is agreed to. The
Senator from Indiana now moves further to
amend the bill.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to ask the
Chair or the Senator from Indiana whether
his motion does not defeat entirely the motion
of my colleague?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No. The Sen-
atortrom Indiana excepts tea and coffee in
his amendment.
Mr. MORTON. It does not come in con-
flict with that at all.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. It is now, how-
ever, a simple amendment, and is susceptible
ot an amendment to it.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana if it be m order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is i„ order.
•It is now simply an amendment in the first
two^t'liftER" J a.sk t0 haye lines tbirty-
tHh^ r ee',and tl"rty-f0Ur, in reference
lh"pIr" I ask for the reading of
Mr'TnRTAH0 ihe Senator from Indifna
Th innr min h 18 tbe wto!e bill.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
i roiri Indiana has moved the exact amendment
