1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3767
cation bill will probably not take over five or
ten minutes. It is a very short bill, and ought
to be disposed of at once. There are 110
amendments proposed by tbe Senate at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Texas declines to yield. The labor com-
mission bill will be before the Senate as the
unfinished business if the Senate now ad-
journs.
Mr. COLE. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 35, nays 15; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Cameron, Casserly. Clayton, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Fcnton, Flanagan, Froling-
huysen, Gilbert. Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hill, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of
Vermont, Nox'wood, Osborn, Patterson, Pomcroy,
Pool, Ransom, Saulsbury, Schurz, Spencer, Steven-
son, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, and Wright—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Cole, Cor-
bett, Cragin. Ferry of Michigan, Hamlin, Harlan,
Morrill of Maine, Nye, Ramsey, Sawyer, Sprague,
Wilson, and Windom—15.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Brownlow, Carpenter,
Chandler, Conkhng, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds,
Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of Texas, Ilowe,
Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Morton, Pratt, Rice, Rob-
ertson, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,
Thurman, and W est—24.
So the motion was agreed to; and (at six
o'clock and fourteen minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 23, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings
was read and approved.
oregon and washington war claims.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 511, and then I will give
way to the morning business. It is a local
matter relating to the Oregon and Washing-
ton war claims.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will make no objection
if I be allowed to take a resolution from the
table and refer it to the Committee on Privi-
leges and Elections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Oregon asks unanimous consent to take
up the bill in regard to the Oregon and Wash-
ington war claims, yielding to morning busi-
ness. Is there objection? The Chair hears
none.
associated pr15ss reporter.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the following
preamble and resolution submitted by him on
the 20th instant were referred to the Commit-
tee on Privileges and Elections:
Whereas there was published in the Boston Daily
Advertiser, a newspaper printed in Boston, Massa-
chusetts, on the 18th day of May instant, a card in
the followin'g words, to wit:
A Curd.
Washington, D. C., May 17,1872.
To tile editor of the Boston Daily Advertiser :
As you have to-day published Senator Cosklink's
slanderous attack upon the Associated Press and
some of its employee, please give me space to say that
all his statements relating to me, except that I sit
in the reporters' gallery, arc absolutely false.
Respectfully, A. DEVINE,
Reporter United States Senate for Associated Press.
And whereas the said Devine has held and now
holds his place in the Senate gallery as reporter for
the Associated Press by the favor and courtesy of the
Senate; and the said Devine being justlycensurable
for the publication of said card, and having ior-
fcited all claim to the future courtesy of the Senate:
Therefore,
Resolved, That the said A. Devine be, and hereby
is, expelled from the galleries of the Senate for the
future.
order op business.
Mr. POOL. I ask the Senate to take up
for consideration, subject to the morning
business, House bill No. 2192, relative to the
western judicial district of North Carolina.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ One bill is
already up subject to the morning business.
Mr. POOL. Then I shall ask the Senate,
when the bill of the Senator from Oregon is
through, to take up this bill.
Mr. COLE. I have been trying for several
mornings and two or three times during the
day to get the consideration of the fortification
appropriation bill, and I shall object to every-
thing that leads to discussion until I can
have that bill considered.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The presenta-
tion of petitions and memorials is in order.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
tobacco merchants of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for the continuance of the
tobacco bonded warehouse system ; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
Sallie E. Herrick, daughter of Penuil Everett,
a soldier of the revolutionary war, praying to
be allowed a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
reports of committees.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
petition of Leonard J. Rose, praying compen-
sation for Indian spoliations, submitted an
adverse report thereon, which was ordered to
be printed, and the committee was discharged
from the further consideration of the peti-
tion.
Mr. COLE. I desire to call up House bill
No. 1071, making appropriations for the con-
struction, preservation, and repairs of certain
fortifications and other works of defense.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have some reports to
make.
Mr. COLE. If it is taken up, I will then
yield to morning business.
Mr. TRUMBULL. R is better to get
through with the business and then take it up,
I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objects, and reports of commit-
tees are still in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(IT R. No. 2773) to amend section five of an
act entitled "A11 act making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year 1841," approved
March 3, 1841, and to authorize the proper
construction thereof, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Finance ; which
was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1028) to amend an act entitled "An
act relating to members of Congress, heads
of Departments, and other officers of the Gov-
ernment," approved June 11, 1864, have in-
structed me to report it back and recommend
its passage. The whole effect of this bill is
simply to extend tbe law prohibiting members
of Congress practicing before the Departments
so as to embrace Delegates from Territories.
I hope it will be considered now.
Mr. COLE I think we had better go
through the regular order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator object
to passing such a bill as this?
Mr. COLE. The Senator objected to the
passage of an appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I objected to taking it
up out of its order.
Mr. MORTON. This is out of its order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator objects,
of course it cannot come up ; but the Senator
must know that it would save time to have a
great many of these bills passed at once 011
being reported. I have no interest in it more
than the Senator from California has.
Mr. COLE. I thought so when the Senator
objected to tbe appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator thinksit
proper in the morning hour to get up those
bills before reports can be made, and then has
the obstinacy to prevent the public business
being done, he can take the responsibility of
doing it.
Mr. COLE. There is just as much obsti-
nacy in asking the passage of this bill now,
out of order.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope my friend from
California will forgive me if I call him to order
now. I insist on the regular order, because
Senators are discussing away the morning
hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill goes
on the Calendar.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on,
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 2777) for the relief of the sureties
of S. F. Marks, former postmaster at New
Orleans, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 482) regulat-
ing the compensation of criers and bailiffs of
the United States courts, reported adversely,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the.same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2779) to re-
peal certain statutes prescribing an oath of
office, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 21) to allow
persons accused of crime to testify in their
own behalf in the courts of the United States,
reported it adversely.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let the bill go on the Cal-
endar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar with the adverse report of the
committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(H. Ii. No. 1017) to prevent and punish the
obstruction of the administration of justice in
the courts of the United States, reported it
with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. Ii. No. 2683) to grant
additional compensation to the marshal of the
district of South Carolina for the period of
four months and ten days, reported it with an
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 726) to grant addi-
tional compensation to the marshal of the dis-
trict of South Carolina for the year ending
J une 30, 1872, moved its indefinite postpone-
ment ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 717) to establish
tbe western judicial district of Florida, and
provide for the appointment of a judge to
the same, reported adversely, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 707) to establish
the western judicial district of Florida, and
to provide for the appointment of a judge to
the same, reported adversely, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1864) to extend the provisions of the
act of April 10, A. D. 1869, entitled "An act
to amend the judicial system of the United
States," have directed me to report it back
adversely. The Senator from Maine has an
interest in that bill. It relates to the salaries
of the retiring judges.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want it placed on the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse report
of the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
