1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
expenditures in all branches of the servioe of the
United States, and to report whether any and what
offices ought to be abolished; whether any and
what salaries or allowances ought to bo reduoed;
what are the methods of procuring accountability
in public officers or agents in the care and disburse-
ment of public moneys; whether moneys have been
paid out illegally; whether any officers or agents or
other persons have been or are employed in the
publio service without authority of law or unneces-
sarily; and generally how and to what extent the
expenses of the service of the eountry may and ought
to be curtailed.
And also to consider the expediency of so amend-
ing the laws under which appointments to the pub-
lio servioe arenow made as to provide for withdraw-
ing the public service from being used as an instru-
ment of political or party patronage.
That said committee be authorized to sit during
the recess of Congress, tosend for persons and papers,
and to report by bill or otherwise; ami that said
committee may appoint a clerk.
It is proposed to amend that amendment to
the original resolution by striking out from it
the following paragraph:
And also to consider the expediency of so amend-
ing the laws under which appointments to the public
service are now made as to provide for withdrawing
the publio servioe from being used as an instrument
of political or party patronage.
Mr. EDMUNDS.
The PRESIDING
ator from Vermont.
Mr. TRUMBULL,
persons and papers.'
Mr. President  
OFFICER. The
Sen-
And also '' to send for
The motion is to strike
out both of those last clauses, is it not? As
I understand it, the proposition is to strike oat
the inquiry as to the use of patronage for
partisan purposes, and also to strike out the
authority to send for persons and papers.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand it is to
strike out that portion of the amendment
which has been already referred to another
committee, of which the Senator himself is
chairman, and to leave the authority to send
for persons and papers and the authority to
appoint a clerk to the committee itself, when-
ever it asks for them to give them to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, I wish to know
exactly what the motion is to strike out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the motion of the Senator
from Rhode Island is to strike out all of the
proposed amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois after the word " curtailed."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, will the Secretary
readjust what is to be stricken out?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think I have the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed you would
like to have that read. I thought we were
trying to ascertain what we were to vote upon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My excellent friend from
Illinois never knows that anybody has the
floor but himself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call the Senator to
order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well. I resume my
seat until the question of order is settled.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My point of order is
this: I called for the reading of the resolution
and amendments; and before I understood
what was proposed to be stricken out, the Sen-
ator from Vermont undertook to take the floor
from me. I insist upon my right to know what
the motion to strike out is. I asked to have
the words read, and before that was done the
Senator from Vermont, as I understand it, had
no right to take the floor at all. He had no
■ight to it until that was read, so that the Sen-
ate could understand what it was that we were
to vote upon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I respectfully submit to
my distinguished friend from Illinois, that
before he had risen at all I had risen and been
recognized by tha Chair, and then, with that
usual modesty which characterizes him, he
undertook to have several papers read mean-
time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The decision
of the Chair is thatthe Senator from Vermont
was recognized. My recollection is, that I
spoke the name of the Senator from Vermont
before the Senator from Illinois rose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I insist, if the Chair
will allow me, that it was not competent for
the Chair to recognize the Senator from Ver-
mont until what I had called for had been
reported to the Senate so that I could under-
stand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois was in his seat at the time the
Chair recognized the Senator from Vermont,
as the Chair now understands. The Senator
from Illinois then rose and made a request
which, so far as the present occupant of the
chair had observed, was never objected to, and
the Chair made no men'ion of it, but permitted
the Clerk to proceed with the reading, under-
standing, however, that the Senator from Ver-
mont had the floor and yielded informally to
the reading of the resolution and the amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I feel constrained to
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois appeals from the decision of
the Chair deciding that the Senator from Ver-
mont is entitled to the floor ; and the question
is "Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. THURMAN. I hope the Senator from
Illinois will not take an appeal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it due to myself
that I should appeal for the purpose of placing
myself right before the Senate and the country.
Mr. THURMAN. I say I hope the Sen-
ator will not appeal, because it is a mere
question of fact who rose first and was recog-
nized by the Chair first. That is a question
of fact that we cannot decide. I do not know
how it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that were so I should
not take the appeal. I do not understand it
to be a question of fact at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator from Illinois will permit, the Chair will
remark that the question, as he understands
it and decides it, is purely and solely a ques-
tion of fact. If the Senator from Illinois had
been understood to be on the floor requesting
the reading of this resolution, the Chair would
not have recognized the Senator from Ver-
mont until that reading was completed; but
the understanding of the Chair was, that the
Senator from Vermont was recognized before
the Senator from Illinois requested that the
resolution be read, and that at the time the
Senator from Vermont was recognized the
Senator from Illinois was in his seat.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I take it that the appeal
from the decision of the Chair is a debatable
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it was a struggle as to
whether the Senator from Vermont or myself
had the floor, I should yield at once to the
decision of the Chair as recognizing the Senator
from Vermont. There can be no question of
fact between the Chair and myself in regard to
that. I called originally for the reading of
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Rhode Island. That was before the Senator j
from Vermont had attempted to address the
Chair at all. The Senator from California
then asked to have the whole resolution re- j
ported. My call was to have reported what >
the Senator from Rhode Island proposed as I
an amendment to my proposition. The Sen- j
ator from California then requested to have the !
whole series of propositions read. The whole t
was read. Some confusion then occurred in I
the reading of the last of it, as to whether it !
was intended to strike out both the clause as '
to the power to send for persons and papers ,
and the clause relating to the u^e of the patron- j
age. While that confusion existed the Chair j
recognized the Senator from Vermont. j
ThePRESIDINGOFFICER. Butthe Chair '
understands that at, that point the Senator from
Illinois was in his seat, and then made^ the
supplemental request in consequence of the j
confusion which arose. 1
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Illi-
nois was in his seat when the Chair recognized
the Senator from Vermont. My point is not
that being in my seat changed it. I had called
for the reading, and I thought I had a right to
have my call answered. It had not been an-
swered ; and up to the present time, so far as I
have heard—other Senators may be informed—
the Secretary has not read by itself the motion
of the Senator from Rhode Island. If he has,
I did not understand him to do so. I waDted
him to read the precise amendment of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, which was the thing
I called for before the Senator from California
addressed the Chair at all. and long before the
Senator from Vermont did.
Now, Mr. President, I conceive that I had
a right to that, sitting in my chair or not, after
I had made the call; and it was not competent
for the Chair to recognize any one else.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the fact to be that the Secretary-
had proceeded and finished the reading of
what he understood to be called for by the
Senator from Illinois. At that point the Sen-
ator from Vermont arose, the Senator from
Illinois being in his seat, and the Secretary
having concluded the reading of what he
understood to be called for by the Senator
from Illinois, and the Senator from Vermont
was recognized. Upon that statement of facts,
assuming these to be the facts, the Chair over-
rules the point of order made by the Senator
from Illinois; and the Senator from Illinois
appeals. The question is, "Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
Senate?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was very unfortunate
in hearing it, if the Secretary did report it.
If that is the state of the facts, of course I
will not appeal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
i« equally unfortunate if it is not the state of
fscts
Mr. TRUMBULL. I withdraw the appeal
if the Secietary states that he read the propo-
sition of the Senator from Rhode Island, f
have not heard it read.
Mr. CASSERLY. I may be allowed to
observe, if the Senator from Vermont, has no
great objection, that what we wanted to get at
was what we had to vote upon at this time 
Mr. EDMUNDS. If] understand this ap-
peal to be withdrawn, and I am still entitled to
the floor by having been put down by my friend
from Illinois, I want the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont is entitled to the floor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Vermont yield to the Senator
from California?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No. sir, I do not.. Now,
Mr. President, I will oblige my friend from
California 
Mr. CASSERLY. I suppose, as Mrs. Page
says m the play, there will come a time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It shall come now. I
ask the President to direct the Secretary to
read ttfe amendment of the Senator from Rhode
Island again, in full,,in order that my friend
from Illinois aud my friend from California,
and all my other friends, may hear it if they
will pay attention, as they ought to have paid
before, and then I will go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the amendment.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out from the amendment submitted by the
Senator from Illinois the following words:
And also to consider the expediency of so amend-
ing the laws under which appointments to the pub-
lic service are now made as to provide for withdraw-
ing the public servioe from being used as an instru-
ment of political or party patronage.
That said committee be authorized to sit during
the recess of Congress, to send for persons and pupe r.«,
and to report by bill or otherwise; and that said
committee ma.y appoint a clerk.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, Mr. President, this
