1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2871
at all by all their past lives. Senators who
over and over have made their influential
voices heard in this Chamber and through ihe
country against every proposition to limit
debate, except by free and unanimous consent
of majority and minority, have sat silent here
to-day, or have" even voted for the resolution
to muzzle the Senate at the arbitrary will of
the majority.
Now, sir, where is the slightest necessity
for the passage of this resolution in such hot
haste? I am sure the appropriation bills will
be passed in due season, even if this resolu-
tion should lie over for proper discussion until
to-morrow. What is the motive, then, for put-
ting this new rule through under whip and
spur? Is it that some one proposes to pass
without debate (because a debate of five min-
utes must be no debate, or worse than none,
on many amendments offered on the appropri-
ation bills) the most important and difficult
measuies, measures which should never be
passed without the most thorough discussion?
Or is it that some party exigency demands a
disposition of public business in the shortest
time, no matter how ? What is the object at
the bottom?
Myfriend, the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
VtCKEiis,] has sought to limit the resolution
to such amendments as are not germane to the
bill. I have stated what seemed to me the
obvious propriety and justice of his amend-
ment. Those who have attended to the appro-
priation bills will be reasonably familiar with
the nature of any amendment that is germane.
To that extent there may be some color for
this enforced limitation of debate. But, sir,
when you refuse to fix that limit to the power
vested in the majority of the Senate, by this
resolution, then you say in so many words that
you intend, however foreign the proposition
may be to the object of the bill, however seri-
ous it may be in its nature, however large the
field of discussion that it may require, however
novel and startling it may be, however unpre-
pared the Senate may be, nevertheless it is to
be put through, practically without debate,
certainly without any debate that would throw
light on the subject. Such is the edict of the
caucus.
Sir, I speak as a member of the minority.
That is a fact which all of the minority cannot
well forget. We are made to feel it in too
many ways ever to forgetit even for a moment.
Of course the majority here can impose what-
ever shackles upon us in the way of rules and
resolutions it sees lit. It can pass this resolution.
But for one I intend to lift my voice in protest,
however unavailing, against such an invasion
of the rights of the minority, such an invasion
of the rights, practices, traditions, and—yes,
I will say it—the courtesies of the Senate in
debate. I protest against it; for you are taking
away from us the only great right we possess
here, beyond our right to our seats and votes,
the right to debate a subject. You know that
we have not abused it upon appropriation
bills. Not one Senator will on the responsi-
bility of his position before the country say
that the minority in this Chamber has ever
abused the freedom of debate upon appropria-
tion bills. This rule of restriction is therefore
unprovoked; it is unjust to us; it is unjust
to yourselves, and to the great interests com-
mitted to us all here.
There are Senators listening to me, Senators
who voted for this resolution, who remember
the time when they were members of a minority
in this body themselves. I ask them if iti those
days any such gag as this rule was ever put
into their mouths? I call upon them now, I
challenge them to say, if in the fiercest heats |
of party in those days the majority have when
it was most absolute ever undertook to limit
debate by force of a general resolution? Why,
sir, if I know myself and I were a member of
the majority in this Chamber. I never would
consent to sucli a resolution. No caucus of
my party, were it ever attempted on such a !
subject, could bind me to what I regard as a
gross violation of the constitutional rights of
this body in spirit, if not in letter.
Such a resolution is of evil omen in the
Senate. If you can limit debate upon one
class of bills, you can limit it on any or all
classes of bills. You may get a general gag
of a ten-minute or half-hour rule which will
very soon stifle all true parliamentary discus-
sion of great questions and will make debate
impossible, ^ou will reduce the minority of
this body and perhaps the mass of the major- ;
ity also, to a mere collection of Senators who, j
though they may vote, will be no better than '
what the Romans used to call, with a Roman's
contempt, pedarian senators—senators who i
had no way of expressing their views except by
going to one side or the other of the chamber.
All this you may do by and by, and by this
piecedent you make an authority for doing it.
The immediate result is that you place the
minority under foot. You hold us at your
arbitrary will on all subjects, on all bills.
For all those reasons I am against the reso-
lution and for the amendment of the Senator [
from Maryland as some mitigation of its evils. |
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the man- j
ner in which this resolution is sought to be
forced through the Senate is in entire harmony ]
with the object of the resolution. So import- 1
ant a matter as changing the rules of the Sen-
ate from the foundation of the Government, is
called up in the morning hour. The ordinary ,
business of the Senate, an appropriation bill, j
is laid aside iu order to force it through with- |
out consideration and without opportunity for j
discussion. It is well, and I wish the intelii- |
gent people of this country to know it. that a
despotic rule for the first time sought to be
brought to bear upon the Senate, should be j
forced through in a despotic manner. It is
well that a rule does not obtain in the British
Parliament, that has no place in the French
Assembly, that is sought to be forced through
the free Corigress of America, should be forced
through without debate and without consider-
ation.
A motion to postpone this important matter,
changing, as I say, the whole condition and
rules of the Senate since it existed, is voted
down. Not a day's consideration is to be
given to the subject. The reasonable request
that it should go over until to morrow for fur-
ther consideration, that we might see if per-
haps some amendment or some change of it
might not be adopted which would be satisfac-
tory, is voted down. The deficiency appro-
priation bill is postponed, a bill, of which the
Senator from California has charge, a bill
which the public service requires to be passed,
for I will say to the Senate, and I wish my
voice was loud enough to reach every man in
the land, that he might hear and know what
this bill is, that is thrust aside for the purpose
of forcing a gag upon the Senate when there
is no necessity for it. That deficiency appro-
priation bill is necessary for the public service
to-day. Happening to be at the Department
of Justice this morning, I was informed that
the courts in some portions of the country
would have to- adjourn without the transaction
of tile public business before them for want of
the passage of that appropriation bill. And
yet the Senate votes to lay aside the appro-
priation bill, when it is confessedly admitted
that no one is trying to prolong the disposition
of it by needless debate, for the purpose of
forcing upon the body this arbitrary and des-
potic rule.
Senators, I wish to say to you this morning
that 1 served here once in a minority. I was
here in Lecompton times. I was here when
the domineering majority that then ruled this
body undertook to force the minority to vote
upon the Lecompton bill without, discussioti
unless we would discuss it at unreasonable
hours. The Senator who sits behind me [Air.
Sumner] I am sure will remember when a
Senator, then representing the .State of New
Hampshire, (Mr. Clark) desired to express
his views on that Lecompton measure and the
majority refused to adjourn to allow him to do
so, and were for compelling him to speak at
an unreasonable and unanswerable hour iu
order to force the bill through. Even they, in
their power, never thought of this gag rule that
is now attempted to be adopted; they never
attempted to enforce that; but they undertook,
by voting down reasonable motions to adjourn,
to compel the minority to discuss that Lecomp-
ton measure at unreasonable times ; and I am
sure the Senators from .Massachusetts will re-
member when we sat here and the Senator
from New Hampshire sent lor his cup of tea
and had it on his table before him and com-
menced his speech, and we moved t > adjourn
and to adjourn, and continued the strugglo
until we forced that majority to give us a reason -
able opportunity to discuss that measure, which
turned out to be, and was, so unjust and odi-
ous to the nation. Sir, it never entered into
the heads of that domineering majority to at-
tempt to violate what had been the settled prac-
tice of the Government from the beginning in
this body by forcing upon it a gag rule. No,
sir, that was reserved to the majority of to-day.
And now is the request that I made of this
Senate to lay this over until to-morrow to see
if we cannot by agreement arrive at an un-
derstanding as to the pending bill, unreason-
able ? I would readily agree, and I think
every member of the Senate would, that the
Senator from California should proceed with
his deficiency bill, and we could by a general
understanding limit debate upon the amend-
ments to it to five minutes and let him finish
it; there would be no sort of difficulty in
doing that. But that is not what this major-
ity is seeking to do; and I warn you. Senators,
that this is the beginning of a despotism iu
the Senate. I am astonished that a measure
like this should be sought to be forced through
here m this manner. Is it a small thing that
free discussion is to be cut off; so small a mat-
ter that you are to call up the rule that lays
the foundation for doing it in every case, and
pass it iu the morning hour the first time that
it is ever brought to the notice of the Senate ?
I suppose the rule must hare been proposed
before ; but I" had never seen it, 1 had never
read it, and I did not know it was pending
until it was called up for passage here. Then,
when I asked the Senate to lay it aside until
to-morrow, that was refused, and a motion
was made to lay on the table a public measure,
an appropriation bill, in order to force through
a gag measure by a gag this morning. A ma-
jority may do it; but, Mr. President, I warn
this majority that you are taking a step that
was never attempted here before, and a step
that in my judgment you will have to retrace
or bring the Senate of the United States into
disrepute with the people.
It is not, Mr. President, because I have any
speech to make on the deficiency appropria-
tion bill, or any of these bills, that I make
this opposition. 1 do not know that 1 have
one wotd to say upon any of them, certainly
nothing unless it should be in some current
debate in reference to the question which m -y
be pending at the time. I have no desire to
delay the passage of those bills one momein;
I will help to hasten them forward. Nobody
that I know of has any desire to delay them.
Why, then, are they laid aside by a rule no,
at all for the business of the Senate, but which
shall put it in the power of a majority to force
through the most important measures without
consideration ?
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I would
like to have the proposition read.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator yield to me
a moment?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. COLIi. I have to state in reply to (he
Senator irom Illinois that on the 19th of this
month the present pending amendment to this
appropriation bill was moved, and the Senate
