1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
of the Committee on Finance to House bill
No. 173, striking out two lines in regard to tea
and coffee, and inserting a tariff bill of some
twenty pages, with which the Senate are famil-
iar. The Senator from Indiana renews that
amendment to this bill, and it is susceptible
of amendment. The Senator from South Car-
olina has moved to amend the amendment by
striking out lines thirty-two, thirty-three, and
thirty-four of the first section.
Mr. SHERMAN. This amendment is really
the whole tariff bill. It puts us in a very em-
barrassing position. I shall certainly vote for
it, but it defeats the object the Senator from
Pennsylvania had in view. The Senator from
Pennsylvania desired to pass this bill to relieve
those engaged in the sale of tea and coffee from
the embarrassments under which they now
labor in carrying on their business. I shall
vote against that bill whenever it comes up on
a final vote. But now the Senator from Indi-
ana offers as an amendment to that proposition
the whole tariff bill. That, as a matter of
course, opens the whole door, and that amend
ment will be subject to innumerable amend-
ments. I ask the Senator from Pennsylvania
whether it is any object to him now to press
his effort to get through the tea and coffee
bill? Because, if the Senator from Indiana
persists in this amendment, I shall insist on
laying aside the pending bill and taking up
the tariff bill and going on with it in order.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 was on the floor to state
that I wished to appeal to the Senator from
Indiana to withdraw that amendment for a
double reason, a portion of which the Senator
from Ohio has already given. The other part
of that reason is the one which I stated.a few
moments ago, when the Senate was not as full
as it is now, and that is, by adding this amend-
ment, and sending it to the House of Repre-
sentatives, we already know enough to appre-
hend that the whole bill will be laid on the
table, because of their objection that we have
not the power to originate this tariff measure,
and thus we shall lose the repeal of the duties
on tea and coffee, and endanger the final pas-
sage of the bill altogether. If, instead of that,
the Senator from Indiana will withdraw his
amendment and permit us to take a vote on
the repeal of the duties on tea and coffee, we
can at once go back, and I desire that we shall
at once go back to the general tariff bill and
take up these other questions. I trust that
course may be taken.
Mr. SAWYER. I withdraw for the present
the amendment to the amendment which I
offered, and will renew it again in the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania makes an appeal to me to withdraw
this amendment, that the bill repealing the
duty on tea and coffee may be passed as a sin-
gle measure, and then take our chances upon
the other. Now, we know that when the duties
on tea and coffee are fully repealed, and that
is a fixed thing, the position will be taken that
no other reduction of the tariff can be made,
and that the second section of the tariff bill
must be stricken out, because that was the
motion made by the Senator from Vermont
last Friday after the vote was taken placing
tea and coffee on the free list.
I said then, as I have said here to-day, that
I voted to repeal the duties upon tea and coffee
entirely because I believed we could carry all
these reductions and still have enough revenue
left to pay $50,000,000 per annum upon the pub-
lic debt. I am satisfied that we can. But if the
repeal of the duiies on tea and coffee entirely
is to be made an excuse for striking out the
other reductions of the tariff, I am prepared to
change my vote on that question, and 1 think
there are several other Senators iu the same
situation. I am not willing, therefore, that
this bill shall be passed and put beyond our
reach lepealing the duties entirely on tea and
coffee, and then take our chances hereafter with
that argument of making reductions upon
other parts of the tariff that I think are quite
necessary for many considerations that I have
adverted to to day. For that reason 1 cannot
respond to the appeal of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, however much I should like to
do so.
I do not agree with him in his apprehension
that the House of Representatives will lay this
bill on the table because of the constitutional
difficulty that we cannot originate, and that the
House must alone Originate bills to raise rev-
enue. That is true. What is the language of
the Constitution? "All bills for raising rev-
enue shall originate in the House of Repre-
sentatives;" but it goes on to say that "the
Senate may propose or concur with amend-
ments as on other bills." By the terms of
the Constitution we have the same right to
amend a bill raising revenue, when it once gets
here, that we have to amend any other bill.
Now, Mr. President, in the first place, this
is not a bill to raise revenue. That was argued
by the Senator from Ohio conclusively in an-
swer to the Senator from Illinois; but the
Senator from Illinois has evidently waived his
constitutional objection, because right in the
face of it he has proposed to repeal the duty
on salt and on coal, putting it upon a bill sent
here by the House to repeal the duty on tea
and coffee. The Senator has waived the objec-
tion by his own action. But whether he had
or not, there was no force in it, in my opinion.
If we consider it a bill to raise revenue and
it comes here, we have a right to amend it
and to modify it the same as any other bill.
But it is simply a bill to repeal a tax, and
when it comes here we have a right to amend
that bill. How? By proposing to repeal some
other tax and adding it to it, or by proposing
to repeal that tax only in part. We have a
right to amend it in any way. If we treat it
as a bill to raise revenue, we may amend it
and make it_suitable to our ideas of the way
the revenue should be raised and send it back
to the House; but they must first start that
bili.
But a bill simply repealing a tax is not a
bill to raise revenue in any sense. Has it ever
been held before that a bill to simply repeal a
tax could not originate in the Senate ? I ven-
ture to say that that objection has never been
sustained in the whole history of this Govern-
ment. There is nothing in it. We have just
as much right to originate a bill here to repeal
a tax as they have to originate it in the House ;
but when it is proposed to levy a new tax or
to increase an existing tax; in other words,
when it is proposed to raise more revenue
instead of decreasing it, for the protection of
the Government, that power has been placed
in the popular branch of the Government, in
the House of Representatives. But this is not
a bill to raise revenue. It is a bill simply pro-
posing to repeal certain taxes without pro-
posing to increase any one, and is not subject
to that constitutional objection. I have no
fear that the House of Representatives will lay
it on the table, but if they should lay it on the
table for that reason while they accept the bill
in its main features, they have simply to send
us a substitute embodying the provisions of
this bill. But let us do our duty and not be
deterred from it by some fancied apprehension
that the House will lay the bill on the table
for some constitutional objection that has no
foundation in law or in fact.
Mr. CORBETT. It will be observed that
this is an amendment of some thirteen pages,
proposing to place a great many articles on
the free list. As we have already determined
to admit tea and coffee free, this large list
should be most carefully revised and examined
before we take a vote upon it. I trust, there-
fore, that the amendment as it stands, making
this sweeping repeal of all these duties, with-
out examination by the Senate, will not be
adopted.
It is evident that the Senate have fully
determined to repeal the duties on tea and
coffee, feeling that that will relieve the great
mass of the people more than the repeal of
the duiies on any other two articles that could
be named, and therefore it seems to me we
ought to take a vote upon that question by
itself. That duty is one which affects the
people directly; as has been said, it is a
direct tax. It is not like other taxes or duties
levied upon manufactured articles, as stated
by the Senator from Illinois, but is precisely
the reverse. The people have the entire ben-
efit of a reduction or repeal of the duty upon
coffee, whereas in the case of a tax or duty
upon manufactured articles, those articles
manufactured in this country are not purchased
here unless they can be purchased cheaper
than they can be imported. None of those
articles could be manufactured in this country
unless' they could be manufactured cheaper
than they could be imported. These manu-
facturing establishments could not be started
unless they could manufacture goods cheaper
than they could bo imported. The position
of the Senator from Illinois in this respect,
therefore, is not correct. In ray judgment,
the relief to the great mass of the people will
be much greater by the repeal of the duty on
tea and coffee than by any other measure we
could adopt. For that reason I hope the
Senate will reject this amendment, and will
pass the bill for the repeal of the duty on tea
and coffee just as it stands, without amend-
ment.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the Senate will vote
down this amendment and let us pass the bill
by itself, so that the tariff bill can come up as
a separate measure.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move the
same amendment that I moved before: to
strike out the second section of the amend-
ment as proposed by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. BO RE MAN. Let me suggest to the
Senator from Vermont to allow us to pass
upon the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana by itself. I ask the Chair whether
the Senator from Vermont could not make his
motion afterward ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) It could be made in the
Senate.
Mr. BOREMAN. If the amendment of
the Senator from Indiana shbuld be attached
to the bill, it would still be in order for the
Senator from Vermont to make his motion
afterward? .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would.
Mr. BOREMAN. Then I suggest to the
Senator that he withdraw his motion for the
present, and let us vote on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. CONKLING. If I can have the atten-
tion of the Senator from Vermont, I wish he
would withdraw his amendment and let us
vote on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana, all of which 1 mean to vote against,
and I think other Senators will find no diffi-
culty in doing so. Then, as the Senator on
my left [Mr. Stewart] suggests, if the amend-
ment carries, or indeed in either event, in
another form, the Senator from Vermont .can
make his question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose I
shall have the right to make the motion when
the bill comes into the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
will.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. -Then I with-
draw the amendment to the amendment for
the present.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, I wish to say a
single word only. When the question was
first taken on exempting tea and coffee wholly
from imposts, I voted against that proposition,
not because I did not wish to make tea and
coffee free if we could do so, but because I
preferred to so treat the question as would
enable the Senate to distribute somewhat the
reduction which we should make, and enlarge
the number of articles to be made free or to
be cheapened as to the duty.
