184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
amendment has been read twice, and I trust
that my good friend from Illinois will under-
stand what it means. It has struck me in the
course of four or five days that there were one
or two lines in an old nursery song that used
to be sung when I was a small boy, which was
about a hundred years ago, [laughter,] that
would apply to the management of this debate;
I will not say upon which side, because that
might imply a reflection upon somebody ; and
as 1 recollect the song, it ran about in this way :
"Heput in his thumb,
And he pulled out a plumb,
And aaid what a £ood boy am I."
Mr. ANTHONY. "Big boy."
Mr. EDMUNDS. "Big boy*' is much bet-
ter, Mr. President: I accept the amendment.
[Laughter.] Here has been a week's debate
with "great excitment,'' as the newspapers
say, and the country is convulsed oyer what?
Over the question whether we shall have a joint
select committee of the two Houses to rake
over the whole field af public service aad see
what they can find, with power to send for
persons and papers aiid sit in the recess; or
whether we shall have a standing committee
of the body whose general jurisdiction shall
be that of investigation and the reform of the
service of the Government. That is just the
simple truth of it, magnify it as Senators may ;
magnify it as newspapers may—because news
papers sometimes delight in maguifyingaffairs.
I can appeal to my good friend from Rhode
Island for that.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very seldom. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Seldom : but this is one
of the occasions. But that is the whole of the
story; and because some Senators have found
that a majority of their fellows (who are equals
here, although they do not always come from
the larger States) do not happen to think as
they do, the majority must be read out of the
Republican party and turned over to the bad,
because they think there is a better way of
getting at the honest truth than that proposed
by the minority; and so there is an end of the
Republican party, there is an end of the Admin-
istration whom nobody has undertaken to speak
for! Certainly, no member of the Adminis-
tration and no cousin or friend of any member
of the Administration, outside of legislators
who had a right to speak to me on the subject,
has ever opened his lips to me on the subject;
and I venture to say that there is no Repub-
lican Senator or Democratic Senator who hears
me but who will say the same thing.
What does it ali mean, Mr. President? It
was advertised in advance, as all circuses are.
Some of the New York papers—one of them,
certainly—gave us notice in advance of exactly I
what sort of a menagerie we were to have, pre- '
eisely what sort of elephants and other animals
were to be trotted out into the ring to perform,
and exactly the ultimate object of the perform-
ance. The millennium, or whatever you may
call it, say the Presidency—I call it the mil-
lennium, because when the millennium comes
we shall all be Presidents—we were told was
the object of the performance. I know that
my good friend from Illinois had no such object
by any means; but he was like one of the inno-
cent boys that paste up the posters for a men
agcrie or circus that is coming around, and
did not understand the deep significance of the
thing. He carries the brush and the paste,
and the programme, or whatever they call it,
and wherever he can find a pen, on it goes;
and he believes as Paul did when he went down
to ascertain city, that he is performing great
service to save this great country from an im-
pending disaster. He ha3 a right to his belief.
1 do not (juestiou it at all. I do not undertake
to read him out of my party, or out of his own
party, (whichever that may be, or whichever
mine may be,) for his opinions. He has a
right to them, and to his actions.
But the effort which seems to have been
made somewhere and somehow to advertise
this as a great raid upon the Administration
(by which, I suppose, is meant the body of men,
legislative as well as executive, who are carry-
ing on the Government of the country) is not
disguised from the eyes of any intelligent man,
whether he is honest or dishonest. Of course
that does not apply to the Senate as to dishon-
esty. We are all honest here. Everybody
understands it. But, as I said before, it is all
hung on the slender little thread of the ques-
tion whether we should create a joint select
special committee with power to send for per-
sons and papers, or whether we should create
a standing committee of this body, having ex-
actly such powers, great or small, more or less,
as every other standing committee has. That
is all.
Now, my honorable friend from Illinois tells
us that we have experienced a new light, and
that the scripture that he preached to us as
late as the 7th of December, and that we did
not believe in then, has come to be gospel
now. No, air, it is not by any means the
scripture that he preached then, and insisted
upon then, for I asked my honorable friend
myself to propose a standing and not a joint
committee, for we had found what the difficul-
ties were respecting the powers of joint com-
mittees by a case that was then before us, and
without success. Now, everybody here agree-
ing that he was desirous of the fullest investiga-
tion in a regular and methodical and effective
way, the minority say, if my friend from Illi-
nois represents them, that, inasmuch as the
majority prefer an effectual rather than an
ineffectual way to promote the public good,
therefore the public is to believe that we are
covering up fraud, and that nobody is to be I
trusted but those who make loud professions
in favor of particular methods of investigation,
which are not thought to be wise. Where
does my honorable friend get the warrant,
which he says we have not to arraign him—
and I do not do it—where does he get the
warrant to arraign the majority of his friends
in this Chamber on either side or on all sides,
because they differ with him in a method of
accomplishing a public object?
Can he tell me that the Committee on the
Judiciary has been ineffectual in the promo-
tion of the public good because there is never
attached to it by any general order of the Sen-
ate the power to send for persons and papers?
Has it been derelict in its duty for the last
twelve years, since my honorable friend has
been upon it, because it has never had the
authority in times of war and public distress
and commotion to send for a person or call
for a paper until a special investigation was
referred to it by this body? No, sir, he can-
not say so.
Wherefore, then, has my friend a right to
say that anybody has changed his ground?
A majority of this body have stood upon
precisely the same ground from the beginning
to the end, and that was that it conrted and
desired all investigation, and in the most
effective way; but it was not willing that a
joint select committee of the two Houses, with
power to sit in the recess, which, by common
consent at the expiration of the last Congress,
was permitted to sink into "the tomb of the
Capulets," and which was not proposed to be
revived in this Chamber at the commencement
of this Congress, should again bo revived now :
and for thereason, so far as I am concerned—
and I only speak for myself—that a proposal
to revive a committee of that character, and
in that way, after by general consent within a
year it had been allowed to drop, would have
given occasion for evil-minded men to say that
something new and frightful had been discov-
ered in the public service which required again
a reorganization of this committee, which was
framed, as you all know, in the time of the
administration of Mr. Johnson, because, as the
preamble of that old resolution stated—which
my friend does not propose no-., showing that
he understood we were not under the same
circumstances—it was a time of extreme pub-
lic crisis, it was a time for sweeping public
inquiry, because in the opinion of the two
Houses that adopted that resolution there was
a condition of affairs which should give con-
cern to the whole body of the country in respect
to the corruptions of the Government.
That was the preamble to the resolution
which my friend from Illinois has now offered,
which preamble showed that that resolution
for a joiut select committee was a resolution
for a special exigency of public affairs, for an
extreme crisis, in which both Houses of Con-
gress felt and believed—and a* I think the
truth was—that the whole body of the Admin-
istration was corrupt. Does my honorable
friend think so now? If so, his patriotism
would have impelled him to put in his reso-
lution with the old preamble. No, he pro-
poses to do the very same thing, striking off
the cause for it, which Congress declared to be
the reason for such extraordinary actiou when
they adopted the original resolution. Audyei
the majority of this body are arraigned as
being derelict in duty, held up before the coun-
try, as it is called—that is, held up to the dozen
or two dozen respectable gentlemen who send
out the sort of impressions we make upon
them to the country—as being remiss in duty
and afraid of investigation, because we choose
to do a thing in a little different way from
others. I appeal to my honorable friend from
Illinois that that is carrying the joke—for it is
a joke—a little too far.
My friend from Illinois objects to this amend-
ment of the Senator from Rhode Island be-
cause it strikes out that clause which relates
to an inquiry into the method of excluding
! public patronage from being used m the oper-
! ations of politics. That is a very proper sub-
| ject of inquiry. I have endeavored ever since
| I have been in Congress, on all proper occa-
| sions. and in the old Committee on Retrench-
ment, to accomplish that thing, and that Com-
mittee on Retrenchment exhausted its powers
and its methods of investigation upon that
point, and reported the result to the two Houses
of Congress, in the civil service bill which 1
have had the honor to reintroduce at this ses-
sion.
The very theory of that civil service reform
is invested in the fact that it is to withdraw from
executive or congressional patronage—and the
patronage is much more largely congressional
than it is executive—to withdraw from sen-
atorial and representative patronage th<- offices
of the Government; and you cannot intro-
duce a civil service reform, such as that bill
provides for, making the service in all civil
departments of the Government as permanent
as it is in the military and naval departments,
without considering and without accomplish-
ing the consideration of those measures which
shall withdraw, in the language which is pro-
posed to be stricken out, that very abuse from
the hands of Senators and Representatives
and the Executive Departments.
Therefore, if the Committee on the Judiciarv
is to consider the propriety of the passage of
the bill which I have introduced, then the
Committee on the Judiciary must be intrusted
with the means and the faculties which will
enable them to cover the subject; and yet my
friend from Illinois does not contend that this
matter is to be referred to two committees.
Still it is an essential, it is the vital part of
the bill which is before the Committee on the
Judiciary, that it is to withdraw from sena
torial and representative and executive pat-
ronage the offices of the Government, because
it puts the offices of the Government in a posi-
tion of independence above Senators and Rep-
resentatives and Executives, and makes their
title to their olliee and their continuance in it
for a given or an indefinite length of time, as
may be wise, independent of the will of any
man, and dependent only, as it is in the Army
and the Navy, upon the fidelity of the per-
formance of their functions.
