3768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
(S. No. 814) to divide the State of Iowa into
two judicial districts, reported adversely.
Mr. HARLAN. Let that bill go on the
Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go on
the Calendar with the adverse report.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 813) to provide for the refunding of
taxes paid by the State officers upon their
salaries, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1069) establishing
two judicial districts in the State of Indiana,
reported it adversely.
Mr. MORTON. I ask that that bill go on
the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will go on
the Calendar with the adverse report.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1083) to amend the various acts re-
lating to agents and attorneys prosecuting
claims or demands before Congress and the
Executive Departments of the Government,
and for other purposes, reported adversely, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
He also, from thesaraeoommittee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 630) in rela-
tion to new trials in the Court of Claims,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to report back the
bill (S. No. 730) to prevent and punish the
obstruction of the administration of justice in
the courts of the United States, and the bill
(S. No. 998) to prevent and punish tampering
with jurors in the courts of the United States.
We have reported a bill favorably on the same
subject, and we recommend that these bills be
indefinitely postponed.
The bills were postponed indefinitely.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, from the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom were referred the
petition and papers of George D. Wooley,
praying for additional compensation for ser-
vices rendered the United States as captain
of the watch in the Interior Department, asked
to be discharged from its further considera-
tion ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2029) for the
relief of Charles H. Thompson, of New Or-
leans, Louisiana, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (II. R. No. 2037) for the
relief of Alpheus Fohes, late pension agent
in the city of New York, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment; which was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee on
Patents, to whom was referred the petition of
Edward and Joseph L. Hall, praying for the
extension of a patent for an improvement in
fire proof safes, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Patents, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 648) for the relief of the heirs
of Jonathan Haines, deceased, reported ad-
versely, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 1143) for the
relief of James D. Willoughby, of Vineland,
New Jersey, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Hayvvard A.
Harvey, praying the extension of patents for
the benefit of the heirs of Thomas W. Harvey,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Horace L. Emery,
praying that the Commissioner of Patents be
authorized to hear and determine his applica-
tion for the extension of his letters-patent for
an improvement in the endless railway horse-
power, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 840) for the
relief of Anson Atwood, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Joseph L. Britt,
praying aid to enable him to accomplish a cer-
tain invention, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the widow of Har-
vey W. Sabin, praying the extension of his
patent for improvements in horse hay-rakes,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 1151) for the relief of Calista E. Cox,
widow of Harvey W. Sabin, deceased.
The bill was read, and passed to the second
reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the-petition of Hiram W. Hayden,
praying for an extension of his patent for a
process to manufacture brass kettles, sub-
mitted a report accompanied by a bill (S. No.
1152) for the relief of Hiram Vv. Hayden.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading ; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
1148) to amend the organic act of Montana
Territory, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2C28) to
amend an act entitled " An act to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of
Wyoming," approved July 25, 1868, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 614) for the allowance of expenses
incurred by marshals of the United States in
certain eases, reported with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1758) to
authorize the appointment of deputies of clerks
of circuit and district courts, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred th§ bill (H. R.
No. 2424) granting a pension to William B.
Lilly, reported adversely,and moved its indefi-
nite postponement; which was agreed to.
SAMUEL SlIAFl'KR.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2428)
granting a pension to Samuel Shaffer, late a
piivate in company I, seventy-eighth regiment
of Pennsylvania infantry volunteers, have in-
structed me to report it without amendment;
and I ask that the bill be now put on its
passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole,proceeded to consider
the bill, which is a direction to the Secretary
of the Interior to place upon the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Samuel Shaffer,
late a private in company I, of the seventy-
eighth regiment of Pennsylvania infantry vol-
unteers, and that he be paid a pension at
the rate of eight dollars per month from the
passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S._No. 473) to further the administration
of justice, have instructed me to report it
back with a recommendation that the Senate
disagree to the amendment and ask for a
committee of conference. I ask that that
motion be put now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is one subject which
ought to be considered in connection with that
bill, and it is contained in a bill which has
been referred to our committee touching the
holding of special sessions of the circuit courts
of the United States, which properly belongs
in that bill, and I had framed an amendment
on that subject. Perhaps by calling attention
to it now, as it is on the same subject, the
Senate would not think that the committee of
conference had transcended its duties by in-
corporating it. It is merely a provision which
belongs to this bill but is not specifically
named in it. Therefore, having called the at-
tention of the Senate to the fact that we all
agreed that whatever ought to be done on that
point ought to go into the amendments made
to the law by this bill, I presume the Senate
would make no objection if the committee of
conference should think proper to put it in.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is a provision
entirely germane to the bill itself and it ought
to have been put into it.
The House amendment was non-concurred
in, and a conference asked on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses.
By unanimous consent, the Vice President
was authorized to appoint the conferees on the
part of the Senate.
CATHARINE CROWELL.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am directed by the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of Catharine Crowell, praying to
be allowed a pension, to report a bill and ask
that it be considered now.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
1149) granting a pension to Catharine Crow-
ell was read three times, and passed. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Catharine Crowell, widow of William
Crowell, a private of company G eighteenth
regiment Kentucky volunteers, and to pay
her a private's pension from the passage of
the act.
ABIGAIL RYAN.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
veto message of the President of the United
States returning with his objections the bill
(S. No. 805) granting a pension to Abigail
Ryan, to report a new bill, which obviates
the objection ; and I ask that it be put on its
passage at once.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
1150) granting a pension to Abigail Ryan,
widow of Thomas C. Ryan, was read three
times, and passed. It provides for the pay-
ment of a pension of two dollars & month for
her minor child under sixteen years of age.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred*the bill (H. R.
No. 2410) granting a pension to the minor
children of Benjamin Franklin Browne, re-
ported it adversely, and moved its indefinite
postponement, which was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to consider the bill (S. No. 527) to reim-
burse United States marshals for moneys ne-
cessarily expended by them in taking the ninth
census in excess of the compensation allowed
thera under thelaw in force before the passage
of this act, which was reported by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations some time since.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate have
granted unanimous consent to the Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Corbett] to call up a bill
in regard to the Oregon war elaim after the
morning business is concluded.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to have the bill
disposed of. It will not take long.
