2872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
has on several successive days during a whole
week endeavored to dispose of it. That, it
seems to me, should be a sufficient reason
why some effort should be made on the part
of this body to expedite the business. The
Senator from Illinois gives it as his opinion
that the Senate would acquiesce in a proposi
tion to bring this debate to a close. That has
been tried and has been refused, and I do not
think the Senator can make that suggestion in
seriousness with a belief that the Senate would
acquiesce in the proposition he suggests.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has any proposition
been made to limit our discussions upon this
pending amendment to the deficiency bill to
five minutes ?
Mr. COLE. Heretofore.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the pending prop-
osition now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am speaking of the
bill we have had under consideration, and the
particular measure offered as an amendment
to it.
Mr. COLE. A proposition has been made
to fix upon the time for taking the vote,
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a very different
thing.
Mr. COLE. Now, itseemsto me the demon-
stration we have had this morning presents a
stronger reason still why some rule like this
proposed now should be adopted by the Sen-
ate. As soon as a nomination is made at
Cincinnati we can see readily that the dis-
cussions upon every proposition will be turned
into a political channel, and unless we get
away from here before the last of the next
month 1 am sure there will be very little
opportunity to do any business, even il' it
were but to pass a pending appropriation bill.
Mr. WILSON, I should like to have the
proposition before the Senate read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The resolution and
amendment will be reported.
The Cmuf Clerk. The resolution is as
follows:
Jlcaolvcd, That, during tho present session it shall
bo in oruor, ponding an appropriation bill, to inovo
to confine debate on amendments thereto to five
inmuLe.i by any Senator on the pending motion; and
tho motion to limit debate sti'ili bo dccidod without
debate.
It is proposed to amend the resolution by
inserting after the word "thereto" the words
"germane to the subject matter of the bill."
Mr. WILSON. 1 do not see how this pre-
vents debate in this body and the fullest de-
bate. Upon the bill itsell the debate may run
as many days oh Senators choose to indulge in
it. This applies, as I understand it, to amend-
ments: and I do not think there is anything in
it to alarm the country or to alarm tho Senate.
Mr. ITIUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose I movetosus
pend the writ, of habeas corpus for the next
live years as an amendment to an appropria-
tion bill, you can debate it but five minutes and
the majority can pass it.
Mr. HAMLIN. A majority can lay it on
the table without debate.
Mr. 1RUMBULL. It is the majority that
want to pass it; they want to force it through
over the heads of the minority, and then you
compel the minority to limit their debate to
five minutes.
Mr. MORION. If the amendment is
adopted, you can discuss the whole bill for
weeks.
Mr. WILSON. I will say in regard to that,
that when an appropriation bill is before us
and any motion is made, you may discuss the
general question involved in the bill; you can
discuss the bill in all its parts; but the limit-
ation of debate now proposed is confined
simply to amendments. I'think the Senator
from Illinois is mistaken in supposing that
there is any peril or any danger whatever in
tiis, or that anything is intended by way of
gag, and I hope that in the Senate and in the
country no such idea as that will prevail.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to interrupt
the Senator. He does not understand this as
I do. Does not the Senator from Massachu-
setts understand that (in order to illustrate)
when he brought in a bill remodeling the
Army as an amendment to an appropriation
bill, if this rule were in force, it would have
been in the power of the majority to force
a vote on that great measure of reorganizing
the Army under a five-minute debate?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; I do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator want
to put the minority of the Senate in that posi-
tion in reference to the most important meas-
ures?
Mr. WILSON. But is there anything in the
rule that prevents your discussing the bill itself
in all it3 parts as amended, before it passes, or
anything else? So that there will be the fullest
discussion upon it. The Senate can reconsider
its vote, or do anything that it pleases. I do
not see any danger in it, and I supposed that
all or nearly all the Senators in this body
would heartily concur in this as a practical
measure to hasten our business. I supposed
it was offered with that view, and notwiih a
view of checking debate in any degree. But,
sir, rather than have that impression prevail
in this body by any number of members of it,
I would prefer to pass the weary hours in
debate and let this resolution lie over for future
consideration, and I think we may agree on a
large number of the bills that come up here to
limit debate to live minutes. We have done
it before. We did it at the last session of
Congress. We have got to have a general
consent to hasten our business, or we must
before long resort to some general rule of this
kind or we cannot do our business alongside
of the House of Representatives. As to the
effect of a political debate, I do not care any-
thing about it. If anybody wishes to indulge
in it here alter the Cincinnati nomination or
any other nomination, let us have it. For
my part., 1 shall welcome any contest of that
kind if anybody chooses to engage in it; but
I think we had better spend no more time about
this matter and let it go over and take it up at
some future time. 1 do not believe it is wise
to-day to press this resolution to a vote under
the circumstances.
Mr. SCO IT. Mr. President, having intro-
duced this resolution for the purpose of limit-
ing debate. I shall not set the bad example of
indulging ill any protracted debate. J will
first answer the question which my friend
from California [Mr. Casserly] put, when,
after reciting what had occurred, he asked,
" What does this mean 1 answer it in toe
short phrase, "It means business." 'I he Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] has con-
ceded the propriety of all that us aimed at
in tins resolution ; he agrees that we have
reached a point in the consideration of the
deficiency bill where it is proper that there
should be a unanimous understanding that
debate shall be limited to five minutes*
Now, whenever it is pioper that, that should
be done, it is proper that the Senate should
have the power of doing it; and that is all we
propose to give them, _ that when that time
does arrive in the consideration of an appro-
priation bill, the Senate shall be clothed wirh
the power of saying by a vote that that time
has arrived, and that henceforth an amend-
ment to an appropriation bill shall be dis-
cussed in five minutes speeches.
Now, all the eloquence that has been ex-
pended by the Senator lrotn Illinois on this
resolution is founded upon the assumption
that great vital measures will be introduced in
the form of amendments to appropriate bills
and that then this Senate, which has the tra-
ditional reputation of courtesy and fair deal-
ing toward its members, will at once act the
tyrant and apply the gag when any such great
measure is under consideration. The charac-
ter which the Senator himself has given to the
body of which he has been so long an orna-
ment is an answer to the aspersion which he
would cast upon it. There need be no fear
that if any measure of general legislation is
introduced upon the appropriation bill the
Senate will be wanting in that courtesy and
in that justice. It will always be extended to
any member of the body who desires to discuss
any measure at general length that ought to
be kept before the body; for, bear it in mind,
the power now exists in the body of putting
it lit otice on the table without permitting any
man. friend or foe of the measure, to open his
mouth upon it. That is a greater power than
this.
The intention of this, as I said before, is
that it means business, and it is intended to
be applied to those amendments which are
the proper subjects of consideration upon an
appropriation bill, and I trust we shall have
very few of any other character offered to the
appropriation bills during this session. That
being the case, I can see no harm in the Sen-
ate doing now by resolution what the Senator
from Illinois concedes it is right should be
done.
Mr. MORTON. In the first place, Mr.
President, this resolution is to be confined to
this session, now, we hope, very near its close ;
five months have already elapsed. In the next
place, it is confined to appropriation bills only.
In the next place, it is confined to amend-
ments on appropriation bills. On the bill
itself discussion is unlimited. After all amend-
ments have been adopted or rejected, it is the
right of any Senator to discuss the bill for
days, or as long as his strength will allow him
to do so ; but on the mere adoption of amend-
ments before the bill is finally put upon its
passage debate is to be confined to five min-
utes. I ask, where is the danger? I ask if
this is not a mere alarm? lam not fright-
ened. I cannot for my life feel solemn over
this. If there is any deep laid scheme against,
constitutional liberty, I am not aware of it,
and I cannot be convinced that there is.
Why, Mr. President, this is not, when once
adopted, to extend to ail appropriation bills ;
but the motion may be made as to any one bill;
and when that bill has been passed or disposed
of, then the rule has exhausted itself; but the
motion may be renewed upon the next bill.
Ihat is all there is of it. We understand that
it is merely to expedite business. If this rule
had been adopted the deficiency bill would
have been passed before this time ; we should
have had other measures passed ; and it is to
get business through and to avoid the com-
plaint that is made against the Senate of delay
and of too much debate that this resolution is
brought forward.
It is a mere pretense that there is a despot-
ism, some deep-laid scheme, something dread-
ful to be done under cover of this ruie; and I
scout that pretense entirely. I know of no
foundation tor it. I think every member here
understands what this means, and what the
purpose of it is; and the attempt to alarm the
country, to make the impression that there is
something dreadful about to be done under
tins five minutes rule, I think is wholly without
foundation. i hope we shall act, and act now.
ror one, I do not, propose to be deterred from
doing what I think is right by the danger of a
sensation being created in the country without
any foundation for it at all.
^ The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. An-
T«0i^i 1uestion is on the amendment
ottered by the Senator from Maryland, upon
wliie.i the vcjs and nays have been ordered.
Mr CASSERLY. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Indiana says he is not afraid of the
working ot this resolution. Why, who said hs
was. He is not only a member of the three
fourths majority of this body, but a leader of
that majority. Can the Senate make a resolu-
tion in regard to debate which it would not;
suspend for him by the requisite vote if ha
