i 1872.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
2873
4 desired it? He forgets that what is sport for
s bim may be death for us of the minority.
The Senator is not afraid! Of course he is
I notafraid; and if the rule were twice as harsh,
\ itwould have no terrors for him, I have been
| speaking for the rights of the minority in this
body. I have been speaking also for some-
. thing perhaps higher and be'ter than that, for
the dignity of the Senate, for its rights and
freedom in debate and in legislation, and in
all the relations which the members of this
body should occupy to each other and to the
country. Yet the Senator from Indiana con-
siders it an answer to everything that has been
said against this new rule that he can tell the
country that he is not afraid of it or its work-
ings. Of course not. Rules of order in this
Senate, rules to limit debate in this Senate do
not oppress the leaders of the majority. For
them they are without terrors. The majority
which made can unmake them. They are
cause of alarm, and of much alaim, for the
members of a feeble minority, sixteen or sev-
enteen out of seventy-four.
I asked, sir, what did the singular unanimity
. and manifest concert of the vote and of the
. action taken here this morning mean ? The
Senator from Pennsylvania, I learn, while I
was out for a few moments, informed us that
it all meant business. Yes, sir, I do not
doubt it meant business—business which may
be of the kind that the Senator described,
and which maybe of a very different, kind. It
may be of a kind well calculated to alarm not
only the members of the minority here, but
all well-wishers of the country. Why, sir, as
one Senator suggested, you could put on an
appropriation bill a suspension of the habeas
corpus act for the next election, after five min-
utes' debate, by means of this rule. Is the
rule meant for that? If it is not meant for
that, but is meant for the legitimate business
of the money bills to the country, why not con-
sent to the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland ? Why not consent to the poor con-
session of one day longer to consider the
resolution?
Mr. President, I certainly did not intend
to detain the Senate at any length tvheu I
first rose, and I should not have done so had
not the great impoitaiice of this measure grown
upou me since. The whole argument for it
a,ppears to be first that the leaders of the
majority here are not afraid of being oppressed^
by the rule, and next that we ought to trust to
them. Well, sir, what is the object of a Con-
stitution, what is the object of laws, and what
is the object even of the rules which you make
for yourselves in this body, except that no
man and no set of men even in the Senate of
the United States are to be trusted with too
much power? It, is not a good argument in a
free country, it is not a good argument in the
Senate of a limited government, it is not a
good argument in the midst of American insti-
tutions, for Senators of the majority to inform
us in regard to a rule so capable of being so
abused that we must trust then:.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, I was
not in the Chamber when this debate com-
menced ; and I rise for the purpose of making
- an inquiry. Do 1 understand that, this resolu-
tion is pending now as proposed originally, or
has it been amended?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The mover
of the resolution modified it by striking out the
words "the pending bill and," so that the
proposed rule applies only to amendments.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 trust that this pro-
posed rule will not, be adopted. It is the first
innovation upon free debate in the Senate of
the United States ever attempted by any polit-
ical party since the Constitution was adapted.
We have seen the hour rule adopted in the
House of Representatives; f'r e discussion has
been limited in other deliberative bodies ; but
it has hitherto been the pride and boast of the
American people that in this Chamber of
equals of Representatives of the sovereign
States of the American Union, the privilege
of free discussion was sacred and secure. But
now for the first time in the history of the
Government a political party, which has had
the complete and unrestricted control of this
Government for the past eleven years, makes
an effort, and that, too, during a year in which
the presidential election is to take place, to
restrict debate upon appropriation bills, and
to gag Senators in the expression of their views
or in their efforts to arouse the popular heart
to the abuses or corruptions which may have
taken place in the various Departments of this
Government; and for what purpose and to
what end ?
Where do we stand to-day? What appro-
priation bills have been passed? The naval
appropriation bill has not yet been passed
upon by the Senate ; the Army appropriation
bill has not yet been reported to the Senate.
Suppose the Army appropriation bill were
to-day before us for discussion, and I moved
to amend it by asking that appropriations
asked for should cease until the Secretary of
War should give information to this body'of
what had become of the various millions of
money for which the public property, arms,
and munitions of war had been sold, and how
the same had been disbursed 
Mr. SHERMAN. Will my friend from
Kentucky allow me to interrupt him?
Mr. STEVENSON. With great pleasure.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to say that in a
case of that kind, if we wanted to cut him off
from debate, we would move to lay his amend-
ment on the table and he would not have the
chance to say anything about it. It seems to
me the whole of this is getting to be an exag-
geration; 1 am listening to find some real
calamity.
Mr. STEVENSON. I remind the honora-
ble Senator, who is a much better parliamenta-
rian than I am, that he could scarcely move
to lay it on the table when I had the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. No.
Mr STEVENSON. And then no gag like
this attempted rule could limit me to five min-
utes in what I had to say, or to restrict me in
any recital of facts which my duty might
prompt me to present to the American people,
tending to establish misrule or corruption.
Are the dominant party afraid of light? Do
they shrink from free discussion?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator is mistaken
about that. The rule will not bear any such
construction.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was about to remark
that whenever I can get the floor I can make
either motion; and in one case I could cut
the Senator off without making a five minutes'
speech, and under this rule 1 could not, pre-
vent him from making a five minutes speech.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. But under
this rule one motion will answer all purposes.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I do not interrupt the
Senator from Kentucky  
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 am glad to hear the
Senator's explanation.
Mr. SHERMAN. No doubt Senators are
sincere in the conviction that there is foms
effort by the majority to trample on the rights
of the minority. In voting for this proposition
I desire to prevent too much speaking by the
majority as well as by the minority. This is
simply a business proposition in conformity to
a previous practice of the Senate that has been
repeatedly acted upon, not, only as to appro-
priation bills, but as to tariff and other import-
ant bills, and it is intended to taei.i^ate the
public business, to enable the Senate when an
amendment is moved to confine debate, accord
ing to the rule of the other House, to the sub-
ject-mat terof the amendment, leaving the bill
open to the widest debate.
In the case put to the Senate a moment ago
by the Senator from Kentucky, if the amend-
ment was voted up or voted down, in either
event the bill would still be subject to the
broadest and most unlimited debate. I assure
Senators that there need be no real fear, that
this excitement or pretended excitement on
account of any fear that the rights of minori-
ties are to be trampled upon, has no founda-
tion. This rule will not affect them in the
slightest. They wilt have just as many rights
after its adoption as before. This will expe-
dite the public business, probably enable us to
close the session a little sooner, and probably
confine our debates legitimately to the subject-
matter before us. That is the way I regard it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I beg leave to assure
the honorable Senator from Ohio that I am
not seriously alarmed so far as this side of the
Chamber is concerned. I am not speaking for
party. The restriction of free discussion in
the American Senate is above party. This
rule may gag the minority to-day, but the domi-
nant party may have good reason hereafter to
lament its adoption. Political majorities are
not perpetual when the people are free; the
dominant party of to-day may be the minority
in less than a twelvemonth. But whether in
the majority or in the minority, I stand here
as an American Senator, representing the free
people of sovereign Kentucky, to protest in
their name against any and every effort to re-
strict freedom of speech or free debate on
every public measure of legislation on which
we are called upon to act. I deny the right
of any party caucus to restrict the right of any
Senator to discuss freely, without gag, any
appropriation bill or any amendment thereto
in which the personal or political rights of his
constituency are directly involved.
Mr. President, allow me illustrate the dan-
ger that I conceive to be involved in the adoption
of this extraordinary proposition. The Senate
for ten days past has been considering the
deficiency bill. The honorable Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Mokulll] proposed an amend-
ment striking directly at the independence
of the Supreme Court of the United States ;
nay more, an amendment that in its practical
effect strikes at the Constitution of the United
Stites in filtering away the power of pardon
conferred upon the President by that instru-
ment. Hitherto the right of every Senator to
discuss that amendment and to expose its
danger was unquestioned. The proposed rule,
if adopted, closes the lips of every Senator'to
show the danger of that amendment to liberty
and to free institutions. This rule is a viola-
tion of the Cons-itution of the United States,
which was ordained to perpetuate and to pre-
serve our liberty. There can be no liberty if
the representatives of the people are gagged.
One of the exactions of that Constitution
is that the Supreme Court within its pre-
set ibed jurisdiction was to be independent
both of the executive and of the legisla-
tive department; and yet when the legislative
branch of the Government, by an amend-
ment to an appropriation bill, attempts to
strike at the independence of the judiciary,
Senators are to be limited to five minutes in
the discussion, and their rights to expose
the utter unconstitutionality of the proposed
amendment is silenced by the edict of a party
caucus. I protest against it. I say, against the
exercise of such power by any majority, I
shou'd lie as much opposed to it if proposed
by the Democratic party if in power, as by the
party who have now the control of the Senate
and are to-day seeking to revolutionize its
rnl< s. I cherish the hope that free discussion
is the last safeguard of liberty which the
American people will ever surrender. I recog-
nize the truth of the sentiment of that great
apostle of American liberty, that error ceases
to be dangerous when reason is left free to
combat, it. It i.- by muzzling free discussion
that despotism always takes its first steps in
enforcing out its exactions.
Senators on the other side say that this rule
is only to extend to this session. Admit it.
How u.any vital measures of legislation, how
many ponderous appropriation bills, are yet
to be acted on ? How many amendments will
