1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3769
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator object?
Mr. CORBETT. I do not like to object to
the request of the Senator from West Vir-
ginia.
Mr. TIPTON. Are not reports of commit-
tees in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are, and
have priority.
Mr. TIPTON. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Ebene-
zer Mitchell, of Cornish, New Hampshire,
praying for a pension, have instructed me to
ask to be discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that the petitioner be permitted
to withdraw his papers in order that he may
renew his application in the Pension Office.
The report was agreed to.
_ Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2415) granting an increase of pension to
William T. Simms, reported adversely thereon,
and moved the indefinite postponement of the
bill; which wa9 agreed to.
GEOItGE W. PARIUS.
Mr. TIPTON. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2413)
granting a pension to George W. Parris, have
instructed meto report it back with one amend-
ment and recommend the passage of the bill.
I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It authorizes and directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-roll the name of George W. Parris, of
Dayton, Ohio, at the rate of eight dollars per
mouth, to take effect from and after the 12th
day of January, 1870.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Pensions was in line six, to strike out the
words " 12th day of January, 1870," and insert
" passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, andthe amendment was concurredin. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed, and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I ask the
Senate to take up the bill (S. No. 1060) for
the relief of Sarah S. Stafford, and I will just
say a word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by unanimous consent, before the
Senator came in, the remainder of the morn-
ing hour was given to the Senator from Ore-
gon for the bill in regard to the Oregon war
claims, and the Senator from California has
asked to take up the fortification appropria-
tion bill. .
Mr. CAMERON. I am sure if these gen-
tlemen will listen to me one minute 
Mr. BOREMAN. I have morning busi-
ness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has pri-
ority.
Mr. CAMERON. I will make my motion
again after the morning business is received.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are still in order.
Mr. W1NDOM, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the application
of H. B. Denman, late superintendent of In-
dian affairs for the northern superintendency,
praying the passage of an act relieving him
from the payment of certain moneys stolen
from him at Omaha, Nebraska, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that the petitioner have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers ; which was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referied the bill (S.
No. 1144) to give to the bark Jewess an Amer-
ican register, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2340) to
change the name of the pleasure-yacht Ellie,
of Boston, Massachusetts, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. li. No. 991)
providing for the relief of certain invalid pen-
sioners, have had the same under considera-
tion, and have directed me to report it ad-
versely. As this is a ease of some interest I
move that the report be printed and the bill
placed on the Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CALDWELL, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1841) authorizing the removal of
restrictions upon the alienation of certain
Miami Indian lands in the State of Kansas,
reported it with amendments.
Mr. SPENCER. The Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1124) to autlioriz e the Orange,
Alexandria, and Manassas Railroad Company
to run trains and transport freight and passen-
gers within the District of Columbia, have
instructed me to report it back without amend-
ment, and to recommend its passage.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I think
that bill has been reported unanimously, and
by general consent I hope it will be passed
now.
Mr. SPENCER. I trust itwill be considered
at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to considering the bill?
Mr. COLE. I think it ought not to be con-
sidered now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be placed
on the Calendar.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
petition of James Englesby, late a private
sixty-first infantry, United States Army, ask-
ing for a pension, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2432) grant-
ing a pension to Daniel Beatty, reported it
adversely, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2431) grant-
ing a pension to John Davis, corporal of the
night-watch on board the United States ship
Octorara, reported it adversely, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
PRISCILLA HARRISON.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I am also
directed by the -Committee on Pensions, to
whom was referred the bill (II. Ii. No. 2433)
granting a pension to Priscilla Harrison, to
report it back without amendment, and to
recommend it3 passage. I ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which is a direction to the
Secretary of the Interior to place upon the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Priscilla Harrison, widow of Samuel Har-
rison, deceased, late a private in company C,
sixty-third regiment Pennsylvania volunteers,
and afterward a private in the one hundred
and fifth regiment Pennsylvania infantry vol-
UntG6fS
Mr. TRUMBULL. How did that bill come
up?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Texas reported this pension, and like
several of his colleagues on the Committee on
Pensions, he asked for its present considera-
tion, and no objection was made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me we had
better have the same rule for all Senators. A
few minutes ago the Senator from New York
insisted on the regular order, and the Senator
from California insisted that a little bill should
not be acted on. Now, a bill is acted upon.
Let us have one thing or the other, either
the regular order 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objects.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope I may be allowed
to correct the Senator from Illinois. I did not
do what he supposes. I said to the Senator
from California that I must be indulged in call-
ing him to order for debating out of order and
wasting the time, so thatwecould neither pass
bills nor do anything else. I simply called the
Senator from California to order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Sena-
tor from California to call for the regular
order.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I thought it
was the settled sense of the Senate to take up
these pension bills and pass them as soon as
they were reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Five or six pen-
sion bills reported this morning have been, by
unanimous consent, considered. The Senator
from Illinois probably did not notice them.
This is one reported by the Senator from
Texas, from the same committee, and the
Chair stated distinctly that if there was no
objection the bill would be read, subject to
objection after its contents should have been
disclosed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we ought to act
upon some principle here. I have no interest
in the public business that does not pertain to
other Senators; but I find it impossible to do
any business from the committee with which
I act. I have tried here for three weeks,
probably, to secure the passage of a bill that
I thought the public service required should
be acted on; but somebody always objects.
Now, we should go through with the morning
business and then take our chances to call up
bills—either have the regular order or not. have
it. I do not want to object to pension bills or
any other bills; but it seems to me there
should be some rule observed. While the
Senator from California is very quick on his
feet objecting to a bill that 1 desire to have
considered, he makes no objection to the Sen-
ator from Texas; but I will make no objec-
tion.
Mr. COLE. It is not often that I observe
the lex talionis, particularly againsF the Sen-
ator from Illinois; but he objected to a bill
that I was trying to get up just prior, and in-
sisted on the regular order, and I thought I
would insist upon it, too, agaiust the Senator.
The morning business, I believe, is through.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of
committees are still in order.
Mr. IIAMLIN. I understand the Senator
from Illinois to withdraw his objection to this
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not so understand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not make any
objection. I was merely referring it to the
sense of justice of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill (H. R. No. 2433) granting
a pension to Priscilla Harrison is still before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of April 22, 1872, informa-
tion in regard to assistance rendered by the
Navy Department in pursuance of the provis-
ions of an act to encourage and facilitate tele-
graphic communication between the eastern
and western continents; which was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
CHANGE OP LOCATION OF A BANK.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senate to take up the bill changing the loea-
