1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1977
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have moved
this as a substitute for that.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I was notawareof that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state further in
regard to the internal taxes, as I announced
in the opening argument on the tariff bill, that
the Committee on Finance was unanimously
of opinion that we should repeal all the inter-
nal revenue taxes except those on whisky,
tobacco, and beer. At the same time I stated
that we could not offer an amendment on the
subject of internal taxation, to a tariff bill,
without raising a question with the House of
Representatives. I believe the Senate has a
right to add to such a bill an amendment in
regard to internal taxes. I have no doubt of
it. The Constitution gives us the power to
amend any revenue bill they may send to us
in any form that we choose. We know very
well, however, that that is a question upon
which the other House has a great deal of
sensibility.
They never have denied our right to add to
the articles in a tariff bill. For instance, when
they proposed to repeal the dnties on tea and
coffee they never denied our right to add by
way of amendment a proposition to repeal
duties on other articles. They have, however,
always denied to us the right to impose new
taxes by an amendment to such a bill, or the
right to go beyond the subject-matter of the
bill; if, for example, it related to customs
duties, by adding internal taxes. While, there-
fore, I am as much in favor as anybody of
repealing internal taxes now—and unques-
tionably we shall have an opportunity to do it
before the session closes—I will not vote on
this bill to send to the other House a question
which will only create confusion and contro-
versy between the two Houses. Even if a few
members of the House of Representative are
honestly of opinion that this would be an inva-
sion of their constitutional rights, I would not
press it on them. Therefore, in deference to
the House, or in deference to that opinion of
the House, we refrained from putting on the
tariff bill anything with regard to internal
taxes.
1 shall vote for the amendment offered by
the Senator from Vermont. If it is not adopted
now it will be a part of the tariff bill when
taken up again. As we are passing the tea
and coffee bill now we might as well add to it
the undisputed items contained in the free list
of our tariff bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I desire,
Mr. President, to understand the condition of
the question. Do I understand correctly that
the amendment moved by the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont is to strike out all after the
word "that" in the amendment moved by the
honorable Senator from Indiana?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana moves to amend the bill by adding a
section repealing certain internal taxes. The
Senator from Vermont moves as a substitute
for it to strike out all of the amendment after
the word "that," and insert the free list re-
ported from the Committee on Finance in
their amendment to House bill No. 173.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. So that
the adoption of this amendment would at once
destroy the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would.
Mr. CAMERON. I voted for the exonera-
tion of tea and coffee from duty, because I
believe that measure to be right. There is
no house in the whole United States so hum-
ble that its inmates do not use either tea or
coffee. No family is so poor that it does
not sometimes use one or the other. I have
always acted on my votes on such questions
upon the ground that it was my duty as a
representative of the people, the lowly as
well as the high, to take care of the humble
who cannot take care of themselves. When
Mr. Polk was President of the United States
he sent in a special message asking Congress
to put a duty on tea and coffee, and it was
made a party question. I belonged to his
party then, but I refused to vote for it; and
whenever I have bad an opportunity to vote
on that subject, I have voted to make these
articles of prime necessity in the houses of
the poor free.
My course through life has always been, if
I wanted to succeed, to do one thing at a
time. It is an old maxim, I believe, that if
you do but one thing at a time, you will be
likely to do it with better execution. I trust,
therefore, that the gentlemen who want other
articles made free will let this tea and coffee
bill be disposed of by itself.
The Senators from Maryland, I think, vote
against protection to everything except coal.
Now, sir, the people of Pennsylvania need no
protection to their coal. They have a special
article of coal that no other part of the world
produces, and it can take care of itself. I
vote for a duty on coal, however, because it is
my desire to take care of West Virginia and
Maryland. They have coal and they have salt,
which are in great danger of being useless to
them unless t.hey have some protection. Their
representatives know that, but they do not
seem to appreciate that their States and other
portions'of this country have interests that they
must help to protect if they expect help from
us. The people of Illinois have almost as
much interest in coal as the 'people of West
Virginia. Presently, when coal from Nova
Scotia comes up the lakes and around to
Chicago free of duty, the coal-owners of Illi-
nois will begin to complain. They have more
coal in Illinois than ttiere is in any other part
of the world in the same extent of territory,
and so they have in Indiana—not only an im-
mense quantity of coal, but a better coal for
certain specific purposes, except that coal in
Pennsylvania, than there is in any other part
of the world.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is nothing about
coal in this motion.
Mr. CAMERON. I know there is nothing
about coal in this, motion, but you cannot
expect the coal to be taken care of if tliose
who are interested in coal do not help others
to take care of their interests. 1 am not
speaking of log-rolling, but 1 am talking to
sensible men, as I believe, in a sensible way,
and I tell them they cannot be protected unless
they help other people to be taken care of.^
1 speak now in favor of the poor. The
poorest woman in the world wants her tea or
her coffee. In our poor-houses almost the
only consolation of the old women is their
tea or coffee. And yet gentlemen here who
have great interests at stake vote against
taking the duties off tea and coffee. But, sir,
1 rose only to say that I trust this question
will be decided upon its own merits. 1 believe
with the Senator from Indiana, that -we can
reduce this taxation very much.
There are a great many other articles upon
which wo can takeoff the duties without a loss
to the general revenue of the country. 1 be-
lieve with him and with other gentlemen who
have expressed the same sentiment, that the
growth of our trade, of our commerce, and of
our wealth every jrear not only astonishes our-
selves, but astonishes the world, and by its
great growth we are constantly able to pay
more taxation than anybody believed we could
have done the year before. That is one of the
strange peculiarities of our country, that every
year as you try to press us down we rise more
and more. We are constantly growing, and
constantly able to meet the emergency of the
occasion.
I trust we shall settle this question, and then
I will vote with gentlemen to take off taxes as
they call them—I do not believe they are
taxes—to take off the revenues from other
commodities.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Senate
has now a question presented between two
diff'eient free lists. The motion of theSenator
from Indiana practically proposes a free list
to a certain extent in the internal revenue sys-
tem. A motion is made to substitute a free
list in the tariff. Now, sir, I am for both lists,
because I am for the reduction of taxation. I
wish a free list in the tariff as large as pos-
sible, and I wish a free list in our internal
revenue system as large as possible. And
now my criticism of the motion of the Senator
from Indiana is that he only goes half way.
He proposes his free list, but he leaves the
expensive machinery of the internal revenue
system still extant. I remember that he said
the other day that that would be reduced in
time. It ought to be reduced at once. It
ought to be reduced during the present ses-
sion. Nor should we leave to the discretion of
anybody the question whether this large tribe
of office-holders shall be continued through-
out the country. They ought to be disbanded.
The occasion for them has ceased, and with
the cessation of that occasion the tribe should
also cease. Therefore the proposition of my
friend is incomplete. It ought to contain
something more. There should be a positive
provision of extermination against the tribe.
We have had them long enough, and their
day should be ended. They have become a
burden to the country, and yet, sir, the ques-
tion is now presented between these two free
lists. What shall we do who, like myself, are
in favor of both? I shall vote in favor of the
free list proposed by the Senator from Indi-
ana, because that is the first. I will not sub-
stitute any other free list for that. I vote for
that, and I trust I shall soon have an oppor-
tunity of voting also for the other.
Mr. MORTON. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury now has under the law the power to dis-
pense with any number of revenue officers that
may not be necessary to collect the revenue.
He can dismiss one half the collectors or
assessors, or he can dismiss them all if they
are not necessary. The question as to how
many should be dismissed, or how many can
be spared, is a question of discretion, and
that discretion cannot be exercised by Con-
gress, but it must be left to the Secretary of
the Treasury, or to some officer. If we retain
the taxes on tobacco and spirits and fermented
liquors, we must still have some revenue offi-
cers to collect them. How many will be re-
quired in any State is a question that can only
be decided by the Secretary of the Treasury
or the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. It
is a thing we cannot determine. Now, the
Treasury Department has all the power that is
necessary to enable it to diminish the number
of officers employed in collecting the revenue.
I think the Senator from Massachusetts has
full confidence, as I have, in the Secretary of
the Treasury, to believe that he will reduce the
force of officers just as fast as he can do so
without endangering the public interests. If
we repeal these taxes, it will then be for him
to determine (a thing that we cannot determ-
ine) how many officers can be dispensed with
and how many must still be retained to collect
the taxes still remaining on the statute-book.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the substitute offered by the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the Chair whether, if
we adopt this substitute for the amendment
of the Senator from Indiana, the amendment
offered by the Senator from Indiana can then
be offered again?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It could be of-
fered when the bill was reported to the Senate
by moving to add to this substitute, if it should
be agreed to, the various propositions embraced
in the proposition of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. BLAIR. Not as a whole?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Ic could be
offered as an independent proposition also in
the Senate after the bill should be reported to
the Senate, or as an amendment to the prop-
osition of the Senator from Vermont, if that
