1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
Wherefore, then, does my honorable friend
desire to split up this investigation? Is he
afraid of himself? Is he afraid of those of us
who have stood by that principle and by that bill
from the time of its birth to this day ? He is
not. He is laboring under a mistake, there-
fore, if he will give me leave to say so, when
he supposes that the consideration of that bill
in the Judiciary Committee does not involve
the very question that he now wishes by this
part of his resolution to commit to another
committee. Hence I think he ought not, of
all men, to object to that clause being stricken
out from this resolution.
But my honorable friend says that there are
immeasurable bases in respect to assessments
for political purposes, and he has read from
Kentucky, or somewhere, the fact that one col-
lector has called upon another for an assess-
ment. I think that is very wrong. The old
Committee on Retrenchment investigated into
matters of that kind, and they thought it was
very wrong to compel, under official sanction,
the payment of any assessments by any officer
to the support of any candidate whatever.
There is no doubt of it; and yet the very ques-
tion of whether an assessment is to be imposed
upon an officer at the risk of his being turned
out if he does not pay it comes right into the
very question of the permanence which the
law is to give to his holding of office, which is
the very proposition that the bill I have sent
to my honorable friend's committee covers.
Does he wish to deprive his own committee of
the power to cover that question in this bill?
If he is in earnest, as I cannot doubt that he
is in favor of this reform; if he believes in its
constitutionality as I wish he had believed in
the constitutionality of the tenurc-of office
bill, which he did not vote for ; if he believes
in the constitutionality of a limitation upon
the presidential power of appointment and
removal from office, a limitation upon the
power of appointment and removal by the
courts and the heads of Departments, as I hope
he does, (which is the very principle and the
whole life of the bill regulating the tenure of
civil offices, which did not have the favor of
his vote,) then I hope he will permit the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, of which he is the
honored chairman, to have free scope over all
subjects involved in the bill, in order that they
may make it perfect and complete and carry
it, as I hope they may, upon the solid consti-
tutional ground that the tenure-of-office bill
stood upon, through to a successful termin-
ation.
But, Mr. President, 011 this subject of assess-
ments, perhaps the country ought not to be
shocked out of its supper, as we are at this
moment out of ours, on account of political
assessments. Perhaps my honorable friend
has heard of Senators being assessed, as grave
an offense as that is against the Constitution. I
have. I rather suspect that my Democratic
friends over the way have heard of even Sen-
ators, as high and impregnable and independent
as we are, being called on sometimes to pay
for the printing of ballots, to pay for horse
hire, and carrying the lame and the blind and
the halt to the polls, to pay for the expenses
of public meetings, the gas aud the fuel and
the stationery; sometimes to pay honorable
Republicans who will not speak for Republic-
anism unless they are paid.
Why, Mr. President, the world will not go
without money. You cannot even carry on a
church in my country unless you subscribe
once in awhile. It may be different in Illinois ;
1 dare say it is. Therefore, while this method of
coercive assessments against public officers is
one which everybody condemns and ought to
condemn, and which tliis bill of mine, if you
will pass it, will cut up, yet it is not entirely
necessary to show that the world is coming to
an end to-night or to-morrow because it has
happened that even in the great State of Ken-
tucky and at the Confederate cross-roads some
collector of internal revenue has called upon
his subordinate to pony up for the general pur-
poses of emancipation and illumination in that
S tate 1 [ Laughter. ]
Then, Mr. President, we have a "screed"
on the subject of caucuses. That is a subject
that I do not propose to speak upon. I some-
times do not attend caucuses, but when I do,
as they are supposed to be consultations among
gentlemen, much like private consultations
between lawyers and clients or other people
who wish to have confidential considerations, I
am not very apt to tell of them; and, there-
fore, I shall be obliged to pass over that part
of this remarkable discussion that we have
had, which relates to what a caucus ought to
do or has done. I will only say that it does
appear from the newspapers that before it is
said that any caucus was called at all one dis-
tinguished member of the Republican party
was to introduce this very performance and
was to bring on this very momentous crisis. I
do not think that honorable Senator knew it.
I do not think he even saw the newspaper that
said it; but it happened, by one of those
remarkable coincidences which will happen
sometimes, that just as the newspaper pre-
dicted—perhaps my honorable friend from
Rhode Island can tell how these things come
out in the way of prophecy—so the very thing
was done. But, Mr. President, what is a
caucus that it is to be objected to, if one has
been held ?
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senator yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the greatest of
pleasure.
Mr. LOGAN. I presume the Senator is
alluding to me. If he is, 1 would like him to
explain what disclosures 1 have made in ref-
erence to a caucus ? 1 said nothing about what
was done in caucus. I spoke of the fact that
caucuses were called, as overybody knows,
and as has been published in the papers, in-
deed, all that they did has been published. I
did not, however, disclose what was done in
caucus. If the gentleman meant to insinuate,
for I presume he alluded to rne, that I was not
playing the part of a gentleman in what I said,
1 have only to say that I said nothing in refer-
ence to what a caucus had done or what a
caucus would do; I am not any more apt to dis-
close secrets than he is. I will only say, inas-
much as the matter of the caucus has come up,
that I retired from it. That much I will say.
1 do not consider myself bound by it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I feel
obliged to apologize to my honorable friend
from Illinois.
Mr. LOGAN. It is not at all necessary to
apologize.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I feel obliged to apolo-
gize by telling him that I had not him in my
mind at all; that I did not even know that he
had said anything about a caucus, or alluded
to it. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With pleasure.
Mr. LOGAN. I am always delighted at the
wit of the gentleman, no matter whether it
comes toward me or toward others. I have a
very vivid recollection, however, of the debate
to day ; aud although I may be so insignificant,
so small, in the estimation of the gentleman
from the great State of Vermont, that he can-
not notice me or recognize me, I would say
that I was the only Senator who mentioned
the caucus on this floor, and if he did not
allude to me he did not allude to anybody.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was mentioned when
you were out.
Mr. LOGAN. It may have been so; but 1
supposed, when the Senator from Vermont
spoke of the allusion in debate to-day to the
caucus, he referred to me, and that that was
the reason he made the remark. Another
reason was that he looked directly at me and
pointed toward me at least, so as to direct
attention to me. If he did not mean me, I
beg pardon for having interrupted him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Any man of taste in
this Chamber cannot help looking at my good
friend, General Logan, as often as he can get
achance; but I a-ssure my friend in all sincerity
that in the first place I am obliged to confess
again that just before he commenced speaking
to-day I was called out by a friend from Ver-
mont on law business, as I am obliged to live
by the law instead of by legislation, and I did
not happen to have the pleasure to hear him
at all.
Mr. SUMNER. You missed an admirable
speech.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no doubt of it, as
I would if my honorable friend from Massa-
chusetts had been on the floor. I always miss
the admirable speeches, and only seem to hear
those which do not appear to be quite so good.
[Laughter.] That is the misfortune. There-
fore I trust my friend from Illinois who sits
farthest from me [Mr. Logan] will tlunk that,
I neither intended to criticise nor in any man-
ner to allude favorably or unfavorably, because
I could not under the circumstances, to what-
ever he may have said. I had not even been
told that my friend from Illinois had said any-
thing upon that topic at all. I alluded to quite
a different affair—I dare say it was quite a
different affair—that occurred a little while
ago, when we did not have the pleasure of the
presence of my honorable friend from Illinois.
Mr. President, I was talking, I believe,
about caucuses when this digression occurred. I
wish to submit respectfully to the Senate aud to
the newspapers, and "totherest of mankind,"
as good old General Taylor used to say, that a
caucus is not contrary to any of the statutes
of the United States; that it is not in viola-
tion of the fourteenth amendment, or the fif-
teenth, or the sixteenth, when we get it; at
least I hope it will not b«, because caucuses
then, on the theory of my friend from Kansas,
[Mr. Pomeroy,] of letting the ladies in, will
be rather more agreeable than they are now.
[Laughter.] A caucus is a consultation of
gentlemen, who are supposed to agree in the
attainment of an end which they all desire, as
to the best method of wisely attaining it; and
it is therefore not only proper, in my judg-
ment, but commendable, and a thing without
which public affairs conld not be carried on
any more than private affairs can be carried
on without consultation and consideration.
Hence, if there had been a hundred cau-
cuses upon this question (and I do not say there
have been any) it would not be a matter for
any gentleman to be ashamed of except so
far as he might have felt afterward, when he
reflected, that he had gone a little too far in
telling to other people the confidential con-
versations that he had had with his friends
under circumstances which were supposed to
involve the duty of secrecy until consent shall
be given to make them public. I do not say
that any gentleman has done so; I criticise
no man; that is his affair; we all have our
own standards of morals, according to the
light and the kind of light that is given to us.
It may be perfectly immoral for me, if 1 sin-
cerely believe it to be wrong, to disclose un-
fairly, or in anyway, what has been communi-
cated to me. It may be perfectly right for
you if you think so, because the real Scrip-
tures that we are taught, 1 believe, is that mo-
rality depends upon conscience, aud if a man's
conscience really impels him to tell a confi-
dential fact that his neighbor has communi-
cated, then you cannot condemn him in point
of conscience, because he goes according to
the light of the facts.
Therefore, I wish to be understood as say-
ing that I do not criticise anybody either for
not doing what it may be supposed a majority
of his friends thought was the best way of
doing a thing that all wished to attain, or for
