2874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
be proposed seeking to reduce appropriations
in the Army and Navy bills? And yet no Sen-
ator is to be allowed more than five minutes'
discussion. Charges have been floating upon
the popular surface for months that there lias
been a great, misuse ot the public money in
several Departments. I make no charge
against any official, but I desire light. I wish
to know the amounts of receipts in both the
War and Navy Departments. Months and
months ago the Secretary of the Navy Depart-
ment was called upon to furnish the Senate
Appropriation Committee with certain infotin-
ation of what ships and naval stores had been
sold in the past live years, the amounts of
such sales, and what had become of the pro-
ceeds. We knew that several hundred ships,
costing hundreds of millions of dollars, have
been sold and the money received, and befoie
making further appropriations we desired this
information. No answer has been mode to
lliat resolution ; and yet when this naval ap-
propriation bill comes up this new rule pro-
poses to coaler on the dominant majority of
the Senate the power to limit every Senator
who attempts to show either misappropriation,
fraud, or corruption, or extravagance in the use
of the public money in any Department, should
it exist, to a five-minutes .speech.
Mr. COL/li. i wish to call the attention of
niy colleague on the Committee 011 Appropria-
tions, for whom that information was asked,
to the fact that the Secretary of the Navy did
icspond that be bad furnished nearly all that
information upon a resolution passed by the
House ol .Representatives, which would soon
thereafter be printed, and which probably has
been printed by this time, and further that the
■Secretary stated it would require a very lar<>e
loiee of clerks to go over the work again.
Mr. S1EVENSON. It has not yet reached
me, and 1 have not heard yet that it has been
made or printed, although I have made dailv
mquii ies lor it. 1 am quite sure the honora-
ble Senator Irom California, the chairman of
the Appropriation Committee, had not himself
received it two days ago. I propose to make
110 charges unless the facts reported authorize
it. But I confess my great disappointment.in
failing 10 obtain information so essential to
tin; Senate and the country, and which itseems
ought to have been made long since. But
that is not the point under discussion. When
the information does come aie Senators to be
gagged by this rule iu Iree criticism and dis-
cussion of such gigantic, expenditures of the
m«noy of the people?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was made to the House
ol Representatives some weeks ago.
Air. S1EVENSON. I do not know whether
it has ever been made to the House or not ; 1
say it has not reached the Senate ; and so far as
I know, or believe, it has not reached any
member of the Senate Appropriation Com-
mittee. But suppose it had, 1 want time to
examine that repoit, and it my duty and my
judgment prompt me to show that there has
been (of which 1 express now 110 opinion) a
malappropriation of the public money in any
department of this Government, X protest
against any despotic limitation upon my right
to do so. I protest against any parly curb by
any majority to limit debate to five minutes
oii^proposed reductions to these appropriation
Now, Mr. President, the same power which
proposes to adopt this restrictive rule, and
thereby destroy the latitude of debate iu the
Senate. can at any time stop any Senator
when his exposure of maladministration by any
Department become;, injurious to the dominant
party. Ihe rule takes away the light of free
discussion. You had a gteat deal better adopt
the hour rule. I would hail the hour rule as a
gieat improvement 011 this proposed measure.
1 should have a privilege of lree discussion to a
ceitain extent under the hour rule; and free
discussion would to some degree be preserved
Where every Senator possessed the right to
speak for an hour. But five minutes defeats
discussion. I am glad to know 1 have the
concurrence of the honorable Senator from
Illinois (whose experience is as large as any in
this Senate) that this is the first attempt that
has ever been made, especially during the
pendency of a presidential election, when the
people who are the recognized source of
power have the right to be informed as to the
fictions and doings of their agents, and espe-
cially in regard to the expenditure of the pub-
lic treasure, to stop and cut off debate when-
ever the majority shall elect to say so. I am
still more rejoiced to hear that distinguished
Senator [Mr. Trumbull] raise his eloquent and
powerful voice in manfully protesting as a
Republican against this dangerous procedure.
My honorable friend from Indiana frequently
arraigns the Democratic party for alleged
abuses and maladministration of the Govern-
ment. Sir, there is at least in the histoiy of
that noble and orthodox party one thing that
even the Senator's existing prejudice against
it cannot mar or take away. For sixty years
the Democracy managed the affairs of this
Government with honor, with discretion, with
ability, and with a dominant majority fre-
quently in both branches of this national Legis-
lature. During most of that period it never
was reduced to the alternative i)f attempting
to stifle free discussion in the Senate of the
United Stales, or to confide to a majority of
the Senate the dangerous power of stifling the
exposure of any fraud or maladministration
by public officials of this Government.
But, Air. President, this proposed rule is
not a party measure. 1 think that the Senate
ought to be chary in the adoption of any line
of procedure that may at any time, either now
or her-after, give such an arbitrary power to
any dominant majority, whether it he Repub-
lican or Democratic, to destroy the freedom
of debate. _ 1 protest against curtailing that
freedom ol debate which has always been one
of the clustering glories of this Senate, and is
the breath of free institutions. I hope, there-
lore, the Senate will hesitate before making
such an innovation 011 the usage and rules of
the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I hud
hoped this proposition when introduced would
be accepted with very little if any debate, that
we should try the experiment during this ses-
sion, and I believe if it is tried 110 member of
the body will ever desire to go back to the old
field of unlimited debate. Every restraint
that has been made upon debate heretofore in
this body has been sanctioned and approved
and has expedited the public business. Is
there a member of the Senate that would vote
,l(,w. 10 repeal that rule which authorizes a
motion to lay an amendment to an appropiia-
tion bill on the tablo? Not one; and yet
there was a great clamor when that proposi-
tion was made. Is there any member who
would go back to, for instance, the old ques-
tion about the quorum of this body? For two
years I heard some of the oldest and most elo-
quent Senators in this body denounce the prop-
osition to make a majority of those entitled to
take their seats here a quorum of this body •
and foi two sessions they kept us here in un-
easy sittings night after night in order to pass
bills. When we bad but fifty-two members of
this body it required thirty-sixto be here pres-
ent to pass the most insignificant bill upon
which any one might desire to call a division
ot the Senate. But after two years' weariness
and delay we finally adopted the rule of com-
mon sense, declaiing that a majority of those
entitled to seats weie a quorum of this body
ami coinpetent to transact business.
If I had the power 1 say openly that I would
pass a previous question under certain limits
to control debate ; and if you take the judg-
ment of the country 011 this question they
would decide that the Senate has lost its char-
acter somewhat by its long, extensive, unrea-
sonable debates upon almost every question
that is presented to it. If there is anything
upon which there has been a gradual change
in the Senate for the last thirty or forty years
it has been in the piociaslinating debate upon
every question, gieat or small, that comes up
in the Senate Chamber. When I first became'
a member of this body it was very rare for an
appropriation bill to take more than one day.
1 have bad myself charge of appropriation
bills and seen them pass 111 one day with very
little objection. Here is a deficiency bill, a
bill that wc ought to have passed in a single
day, a bill the pressure of which is greater
than that of any other appropriation bill I
have ever known in my life, a bill the delay
of which we are told withholds from the
courts of the United States the means of
carrying on the public business, which is pro-
tracted day after day, and day after day, and
day after day, till more than ten days have
transpired in this most important session upon
a bill that ought not to have taken more than
one day, and would not have done so ten years
ago.
Why, sir, the signs of this very debate, the
feeling, the excitement, growing up 011 a mo-
tion of this kind, the talk about cutting off the '
liberty of speech and the rights of minorities,
all indicate that there ough't to be some rea-
sonable limit to debate, it ought to be in the
power of the Senate at any time to fix the hour
when the vote shall be taken. If there is any
responsibility for it, the responsibility rests
with the majority. The majority oughtto have
the power to control the debates and actions of
this body. Now, a single Senator sometimes in
a fit of spleen, sometimes because he is disap-
pointed in a vote, sometimes for this cause or
for that, may hold, the body here day after day
and night after night in weaiisome, absorbing,
constant t-ession. Sir, this prolonged debate
upon various measured has done more harm
to the Senate, has cost the people of the Uni-
ted btates more sums of money, arid has led
to more improvident legislation than all else
bestde.
Why, sir, I have seen myself a single Sen-
ator rise here and make a proposition, debate
it, snow persistence, determination to carry it
out, and having the ability to talk one or two
.lours about it, I have seen him carry his
proposition against a majority of two thirds
of the Senate by mere persistence and phys-
ical weariness All of us have seen that. I
have^ seen amendments added to your appro-
priation bills by the determined will of three
or four Senators when a large majority of the
Senate were against them, simply because we
cannot sit day after day and night after night,
and stay here to vote down these various prop-
ositions. ^ I have seen more evil legislation,
more vicious, more extravagant legislation,
more that is bad in legislation, caused by weari-
some night sessions by the physical pain that
men somewhat advanced in years sometimes
suiter by being compelled to wait here long
hours because some Senator desired to carry
a particular proposition.
Sir, I say to my honorable friend from
Jventucky, and I know he will believe me, that
when f support this proposition I have not the
s ightest idea of seeking to cut off any debate
0 a political character that is germane or
proper or rational on au appropriation bill or
anv olher hill. My idea, was this: leave the
debate upon the general bill broad, without
unit so that any Senator can discuss the po-
litical bearing of the question, whether the
amount of the appropriations is too great or
too small, whether any appropriation should
e made lor the subject-matter; but to confine
tue debate on amendments to the particular
amendment pending before the body, and to a
reasonaole statement in regard to it pro or ccn.
it seems to me that that is just and right.
ay try to get up a scare that here is a great
innovation 011 the rights of the minority? I
will not say that this talk is designed, but its
lesult is simply buncombe; and if anybody
