8770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
tion of a national bank in Massachusetts.
It is Senate bill No. 1086, I think, and it
ought to be passed. It was nearly finished a
few days since. I am sure there will be no
objection to it.
Mr. CORBBTT. If that will uot take any
time, I will not object.
Byunanimous consent, theSenate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (S. No. 108G) to change the location of
the Kailroad JSlational Bank, of Lowell, Mas-
sachusetts, to the city of Boston, Massachu-
setts.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1153) to amend an act relating to soldiers'
and sailors' homesteads; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HILL asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 1154)
to remove the political disabilities of certain
citizens of Georgia therein named; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Disa-
bilities.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1155) to adjudicate the claim of J. C.
Lemon; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1150) to define the limits of the collodion
district of the Teche, iu the State of Louisiana,
and for other purposes ; which-was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1157) to amend the charter of the Colum-
bia Railway Company of the District of Colum-
bia ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr^CL'AYTON, Mr. CONKLING, and Mr.
VICKEUS submitted amendments intended to
be proposed by them to the bill (H. H. No.
2705) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes;
which were referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed. •
SARAH S. STAFFORD.
Mr. CAMERON. I ask unanimous consent
to take up the Senate bill No. 1060, for the re-
lief of Sarah S. Stafford, reported on the 1st
of May from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims. This bill has been before Congress
for over twenty-five years. At least twenty-
five years ago, Mr. Butler, of South Carolina,
Mr. Bayard, the elder, from Delaware 
Mr. CORBETT. If there is no discussion
I will yield to tbe Senator, although a number
of widows are waiting for the bill I wish to pass.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well; I will say
nothing.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
lOOO) for the relief of Sarah S. Stafford was
read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to re-
quire the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Sarah S. Stafford, only daughter and surviving
heir of James Bayard Stafford, an officer in the
Navy during the revolutionary war, the aggre-
gate amount of the half pay of a lieutenant in
the Navy while at sea, under the present laws
of Congress, for seven years.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is there a report in that
case ?
Mr. CAMERON. , There is. Let it be
rea.d.
Mr. CORBETT. If there is a long report,
I shall have to object.
Mr. CAMERON. It is a short report.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It would have
been read by this time.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Pool, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims on the 1st instant.
The Committee on Revolutionary Claims, to whom
was referred the memorial of Sarah S. Stafford, for
payment of the services other father, James Bayard
Stafford, an officer in the Navy of the Revolution,
report:
it fully appears from the testimony before the
committee that James Bayard Stafford entered the
Navy at. the beginning of the war of Independence,
and was in constant and active service, and in fre-
quent battles, and remained m the service until the
close of the war; that his ship was captured by a
British cruiser, and subsequently recaptured by
John Paul Jones, when he volunteered in the Bon
Iloinme Iiichard, where he received wounds, which,
owing to unskillful treatment, broke out after a time,
disabling both his arms.
Commodore Barry, of the Alliance, writes that
" Lioutenant Stafford served through the whole war.
At the request of the secret committee of Congress,
i sent him with a message to Henry Laurens, esq., a
prisoner in the Tower of London. This duty he per-
formed with great fidelity and success." It will be
remembered that Colonel Laurens, ex-President of
Congress, and embassador to Holland to negotiate
for aid in our revolutionary struggle, had been taken
prisoner and confined in the Tower of London, as
stated by Commodore Barry. The secret committee of
Congress fell the necessity of warning Colonel Lau-
rens not to make any terms or accept of any com-
promises which the British might propose. This
dangerous and difficult communication was offered
to Lieutenant Stafford, becauso his patriotism, had
been proved by his abandonment of a lucrative
business for the naval service, his courage often
tested in action, while his education in England and
Ireland gave him a familiarity with localities and
manners most nocessary for success. Your eom-
nntteo have the affidavits of many aged persons,
cognizant of the above facts, and of the difficulties
of the service. Disguised as an Irish laborer,
Lieutenant Stafford walked from Woxford, in Ire-
land, to London, except the short passage from
Dublin to Holyhead. The log-book of an Ameri-
can officer describes the fate Lieutenant Stafford
would have been subjected to had he been captured
in this perilous undertaking. " They were marched
upon a floating machine, their bodies, legs, and arms
so ironed that they could not bend either; the ma-
chine was towed at high water to a gallows erected
by Government orders; the hangman made the
halters fast to the gallows, and left them to die at
leisure-—that is, by inches, as the tide fell."
It has been urged against the payment of naval
service, that the revolutionary Congress promised
to pay the Army only. This cannot be proved to be
other than an omission, and is no reason why merit-
orious services should not bo rewarded by us. Your
committee believe that the sufferings and perils en-
dured by Lieutenant Stafford in the Navy were equal
to those undergono by any officer in the Army.
To show how much was received by the Navy in
the way of prize-money, it should bo remembered
that only one third was allowed to the captors. By
far the greater number of the prizes were sunk or
burned as a matter of necessity. Sixty valuable
merchantmen were abandoned to secure the Serapis
for tbe use of the naval service. It was long betore
the prize-money was distributed. In the instance of
the Serapis, just referred to, the money was not
ordered to be paid until tho year 1837, when but few
of the captors were left to reccive it.
Lieutenant Stafford was a volunteerin this world-
renowned action of the Richard; his name, there-
fore, was not on the rolls, and his daughter can
receive no prize-money under tho law.
Congress annually appropriates money for secret
service which requires neither patriotism, great
ability, nor involves any danger. The pay for such
service is always in proportion to the ability
required and the hazards to be encountered.
In consideration of Lieutenant Stafford's naval
service throughout the war, of his wound, of the
secret services rendered, for all of which he never
received any paymcntor prize-monoy, your commit-
tee decide that tho prayer of the petitioner should
be granted, and report a bill accordingly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
chairman of tho Committee on Revolutionary
Claims how much money this bill involves the
payment of.
Mr. POOL. I undertook by a letter ad-
dressed to the Secretary of the Navy to ascer-
tain exactly what would be the amount, and a
satisfactory answer was not returned. I was
referred to the Secretary of the Treasury, and
from that Department I did not get the exact
information. But it is referred here to the
Auditor to find out and state.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator says he did
not get it exact. How near did he get it.
Mr. POOL. I did not get any amount.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 have seen it stated in
the newspapers—if I am not very much mis-
taken this is the name—that this lady is to get
about fourteen thousand dollars, and if that is
so, or if half of it is so, then I think it is alto-
gether wrong, for all that wc pay nowadays
or for these ancient days for services of that
kind in the way of pensions or allowances
would not be one quarter of any such sum.
I do not think we ought to pass this bill with-
out knowing how much money is to be taken,
so as to know how much compensation we are
paying this lady. 1 am prepared to say that
to pay this lady $14,000 would be an enorm-
ously improper thing ; at least I should sup-
pose so.
Mr. CORBETT. This leads to discussion
and I must ask that it be laid aside.
Mr. POOL. 1 think from the best informa-
tion that I can get, and I tried to get it exact,
the amount will not exceed $6,000; it is
between five and six thousand dollars.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has tbe Senator got the
communication of the Secretary of the Navy
on the subject?
Mr. POOL. I suppose it is among the
papers. It was filed. He did not state an
amount.
Mr, CORBETT. This leads to discussion.
I think a limit ought to be fixed, and then
there will be no objection to the bill.
Mr. CAMERON. We can get through in a
minute.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask for the considera-
tion of the bill I called up.
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me this is
rather cool.
OREGON AND WASHINGTON WAK CLAIM.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate gave
unanimous consent to the Senator from Ore-
gon for the consideration of a bill, and if the
morning business is through that bill will be
taken up.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 511) to
amend an act entitled An act to provide for
the payment of expenses incurred by the Ter-
ritories of Washington and Oregon in the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities thei ein in theyeara
1855 and 1856,n approved March 2,1861. The
bill proposes to amend the "act to provide
for the payment of expenses incurred by the
Territories of Washington and Oregon in the
suppression of Indian hostilities therein in the
years 1855 and 1856," approved March 2, 1861,
so as to allow the Third Auditor to settle all
claims on file in his office, or that may be pre-
sented, embraced in and in accordance with
the resolutions of the Senate of February 15
and February 27, 1871, and reports from the
Third Auditor dated November 10 and No-
vember 14, 1871 ; but these claims are to be
paid out of any money heretofore appropriated
in the act of 1861.
Mr. CAMERON. This is a bill which is
going to take a great deal of money out of the
Treasury, and I want to understand it.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask to have read the
letter from the Third Auditor of the Treasury
Department in relation to it, which I send to
the desk.
The Secretary read as follows :
Treasury Departmfvt,
Third Auditor's Officio, December 17,1870.
Sir : In pursuance of our conversation of this morn-
ing, I refer to my letters to you of July 1,1870, and
May 14,1870. I inelose a copy of the latter, as you
stated tnat you had mislaid the original. The report
made on the 7th of February, 1860, to the House of
Representatives by the Third Auditor (Mr. Atkin-
son) was made the basis of the Oregon and Wash-
ington act of March 2, 1861; and the act authorized
the settlement only of the claims embraced by the
report. The " Hathaway vouchers " having been
entirely omitted from the report, there has been and
is now no authority for their settlement.
The reason for the omission is not so easy to state.
These vouchers were all regularly passed upon by
the Oregon commission, and were all in this office
when the report was made, and the experience of
nineyearsof investigation of the Oregon and Wash-
ington claims have developed no reason why those
vouchers should not have been placed upon the foot-
ing of those which have been paid. There is no clerk
