1978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
should be agreed to. There will be two op-
portunities of offering it, if the substitute of
4;he Seoator from Vermont should be agreed
to first.
Mr. BLAIR. I am in favor of both prop-
ositions, and will vote for either one as it pre-
sents itself. I do not like the antagonism.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As offered, the
Senator cannot now vote for both, because
they are offered in antagonism to each other.
That would not debar him, however, from the
right of moving the original proposition after
the bill shall have been reported to the Senate,
or as an amendment, to the proposition of the
Senator from Vermont, if that should be
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There can-
not be half a dozen Senators here who do not
know that if the proposition of the Senator
from Indiana carries, whatever may be our
constitutional rights as to making amend-
ments to revenue bills, it is fatal to the whole
bill. I do not think there is one. certainly
there are not half a dozen Senators here who
do not know that the only effect of it will be
to be laid on the table at the very first vote
that the House can reach it.
Dnder these circumstances, as practical
men, whatever we may think of the position
taken by the House, it is right and proper for
us here to act upon this bill with a view to
reach some practical result, and I, therefore,
■without reference to whether I was for or
against the proposition of the Senator from
Indiana, (as 1 shall be for it whenever I can
get a legitimate opportunity to vote for it so
as to effect the purpose,) have proposed the
amendment that I have already offered.
Mr. CORBETT. There are sotne articles
on this list that I do not think ought to be
admitted duty free. There is the article of
"oil cake," which is linseed-oil cake. Lin-
eeed is protected, and I do not see why lin-
seed-oil cake should be admitted duty free.
Mr. SHERMAN. None is brought in in
that way.
Mr. CORBETT. There probably will be
some if it is admitted duty free. I do not see
the object of putting it on the free list.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say to
the Senator from Oregon that our people are
averse to using it. It is hardly used except
in England in a very moist climate. Our own
people can find grass and hay and grain at a
much cheaper rate.
Mr. SHERMAN. We export every year
the linseed expressed from our own oil to
England. Indeed, we export the linseed cake
and bring back the linseed.
Mr. MORTON. We put a duty on linseed
in 1870 for that very reason.
Mr. CORBETT. I presume the gentlemen
of the committee hove examined that question.
I simply brought it up to learn their reasons.
Now, on page 8, lines forty and forty-one, I
move to strike out two articles :
Antimony crude, regulus of; antimony ore, and
crude sulphurot of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
not now in order. The Senator can move
that amendment in the Senate if the amend-
ment now pending shall be agreed to; but a
motion to strike out and insert is not divisible.
Mr. CORBETT. I understand we are on
the free list, and the Senator from Vermont
proposes to attach this as an amendment. I
do not wish these articles to be on the free list.
If it is attached, of course they are to be ad-
mitted duty free. I have a letter in my hand
from a gentleman who has just commenced
this business. The manufacture is now almost
principally conducted in England by two or
three establishments. There is a large mine
of antimony in Nevada. The Senator from
Nevada who is absent, [Mr. Nye,] designed to
present the question to the Senate. As he is
now absent, I feel it incumbent on me to call
the attention of the Senate to the subject, and
for that reason I send to the Chair a letter
which I ask to have read for the information
of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator would come
to me, I would show him that this does not
change the existing law. Regulus of antimony
is the subject-matter we are speaking of. That
is stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The amendment
of the Senator from Oregon is not in order at
this stage. The pending question now is a
motion to strike out and insert an amendment.
If it shall be agreed to, when the bill shall
have been reported to the Senate the Senator
can move to amend that amendment before it
is concurred in by the Senate. An amendment
to it is not now in order.
Mr. CORBETT. I think this amendment
contains a number of articles that ought to be
considered by the Senate before they attach
them to the free list. Therefore I shall vote
against the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
' Mr. SCOTT. I shall be for this free list at
the proper time, as I shall be for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana; but after
the statement made by the Senator from Ver-
mont with reference to the difficulty that will
be encountered in the other House, lam satis-
fied that even with reference to his amend-
ment the safe course for the friends of this bill
is to vote down all amendments and pass it,
and keep the bill as it came from the House,
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The objec-
tion does not lie to my amendment, because it
is an extension of the same thing as the ori-
ginal bill, an extension of the free list; whereas
the proposition of the Senator from Indiana is
introducing an entirely new subject not before
us by any bill brought from the House of Rep-
resentatives—a very important distinction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thequestion is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana. It is to strike out the proposition of
the Senator from Indiana in regard to the free
list in the internal revenue department, and to
insert the free list reported by the Finance
Committee on the tariff.
The amendment to the amendment was
The VICE PRESIDENT. The substitute
proposed by the proposition of the Senator
from Vermont for the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Indiana is agreed to, and the ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment to the bill;
that is, to add the free list reported by the
Finance Committee to the tea and coffee bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suppose other Senators
may be situated as I find myself by these de-
tached motions, compelled to vote against
their own judgment when that judgment is
applied to the general scope of a tariff law. I
cannot vote for the amendment now pending,
because there are some articles in it which I
think ought not to be there; or at least we
ought to have them in connection with a gen-
eral bill that shall embrace other articles, so
that we may know how and in what way we
are reducing the revenue. Most of these arti-
cles I would cbcerfuly vote for putting on the
free list; but there are some I am not willing
to vote for isolated and alone. I do not say I
would not vote for every one of them if they
were connected with a general system, and
these were found the most desirable articles
to place on the free list. Disconnect them
from the general system, and you force upon
us the argument hereafter that we must take
that bill precisely in that form, because we
have agreed upon a free list that will not allow
us any latitude to take duties from other
£trticl@s<
Mr. MORTON. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I ask him if putting tea
and coffee into a certain bill and taking it by
itself independent of all other questions of the
tariff is not obnoxious to the same objection ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Precisely, and for that
very reason I voted to make coal and salt free,
while I am willing they shall pay a reasonable
duty and satisfied that they ought to pay it;
but I am not willing that gentlemen shall
wrest certain articles from the general sched-
ule, and then compel me to vote increased
rates upon the articles that remain. These
were my reasons for voting as I did vote. I
think gentlemen who have this general system
at heart, perhaps more than myself, may well
review the ground upon which they stand. I
think they had better come back to that wis-
dom which our committee manifested m the
bill they presented. I am no alarmist, but I
can see a flood that will sweep away your pro-
tective tariff and give you a horizontal scale
if you seek to impose high rates of duty in this
indirect way. Sir, it was for that reason, not
because I wished to vote upon specific articles
and make them free, that I have voted as I
have done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The qustion is
on the amendment of the Senator jrom Ver-
mont to the bill, it having been already agreed
to as an amendment to the amendment of the
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. WRIGHT. I inquire whether it is in
order to move an amendment now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. By addition ;
but these words having been agreed to as an
amendment to an amendment, they cannot
now be.changed until the bill comes into the
Senate.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 move then to add the
second section of the bill as reported by the
committee to this free list.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa moves to amend the pending amend-
ment by adding to it the second section of the
bill reported by the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WRIGHT. It is known that I voted
against the proposition on Friday to put tea
and coffee on the free list. I so voted not
because I was not willing to put those articles
upon the free list, but because I regard it as
an infringement upon the bill as reported by
the Committee on Finance, which had been
fully and thoroughly considered. It is an ex-
ceedingly easy matter to abolish taxes ; it is
a very easy thing to reduce your existing rev-
enue by legislation; but we must never lose
sight of the fact that the Government must
be supported and the debt be paid.
My theory was that iu the arrangement of
these revenues it was due that we should have
reference to the interests of all portions of the
country, and that it was not our policy to
abolish entirely the revenue derivable from
tea and coffee, the inevitable effect of which
was, in my judgment, and the aim of those in
favor of it was to keep up the war duties upon
other articles. I was therefore exceedingly
desirous that the bill should pass as it came
in substance from the Committee on Finance,
which had been fully considered.
It seems now to be the temper of the Senate
and the determination of the Senate to abolish
the duties upon tea and coffee. If that be so,
then I think they ought to go one step further
in view of the interests of the people the coun-
try over, and in view of the diversified inter-
ests of the country, and also reduce upon these
other articles.
_ In my judgment those who insist upon put-
ting tea and coffee on the free list make a
grave mistake. I am in favor, and have always
been, of protection to the industries of the
land; but I tell gentlemen, as was suggested
by the Senator from Maine, that if they insist
upon this policy, there will come a tide in
public sentiment and judgment that will as
inevitably sweep away the policy they propose
as that we are here to-day. I want to protect
these interests ; I want to protect them as far
as is just and right; I shall be found at all
times standing for such a purpose; but I say
as a matter of policy, as a matter of justice,
and if allowed to refer to it as a political ques-
