1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
187
! a formal motion for its revival; bat the
fact of its having been dropped was brought to
the attention of the Senate and the reason why
it was dropped was asked for in the Senate, and
the answer given was that it was no part of the
duty of those who fixed the committees of the
Senate to appoint any such committee, that
it must be appointed by a concurrent resolu-
tion of the two Houses, and that when the
Senator from New Hampshire, who was then
temporarily absent, who had been chairman
of the committee, should return, it would be
very proper indeed that the motion should be
made for the appointment of that committee.
If the Senate will indulge me, I will read a few
words from the debate on that matter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With thegreatest pleasure.
I am very much interested in the subject.
Mr. THURMAN. I read from the Globe
of March 13, 1871:
" Mr. Thurman. If the select Committee oil Re-
trenchment had not been abolished, obviously this
bill would be sent to that oommittee."
Mr. EDMUNDS. What was that bill?
Mr. THURMAN. Tt was a bill in regard
t,o customs service, a bill introduced by the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Fenton :]
" If the select Committee on Retrenchment had
not been abolished, obviously this bill would be sent
to that committee; and I take this occasion to ask
why that eommitteo was abolished. Ifc was the only
standing committee charged with the duty of investi-
gating the conduct of public officers. It was the only
committee that in vacation as well as during the
session of Congress could ferret out abuses in the
various branches of the public service. IIow faith-
fully it endeavored to discharge that duty it is not
for me, who belonged to that committee, to say; but
the Senate knows anil the country knows. I must
confess that nothing surprised me more than to find
that that oommittee was abolished. Certainly here
was the great subject of civil service reform, of which
thst committee had been in charge. Bill after bill
had been referred to it by the Senate, and also by the
House of Representatives.
"Again, it was in the investigation of the custom-
house at New York, and of other offices where it had
been alleged that great abuses had prevailed—abuses
that every Senator, I should think, would feel it bis
duty to suppress, it it were possible. But just at the
time that that committee was in the midst of this
investigation, after the most serious charges had
been made, and when the committee had brought to
light matters that demanded the attention of the
Senate, for some reason or other that I think the
country will want to know, that oommittee is abol-
ished. No other committee takes its place. No other
committee is charged with any such duty. To no
other committee is the subjectof civil service reform
or the investigation of abuses in the various Depart-
ments of the Government submitted by the Senate.
There is no standing committee upon any such sub-
ject."
Aud so on. In answer to that (my own re-
marks, which I beg pardon for reading at such
length, extended to other matters which were
under inquiry) my colleague [Mr. Shbkmax]
said:
"I wish to answer a remark of my colleague. My
colleague passes a very proper and just eulogy upon
the late Committee on Retrenchment. I have noth-
ing to say about it; he was a member of it, and I
have no doubt he is aware of its labors; but if he
would inquire a little more into the character of
that committee he would have been ablo to answer
himself the reason of its discontinuance. [t was
not a standing committee of the Senate. If it had
beni, it could not havo been abolished upon a mere
summary proceeding of this kind. It was a select
committee and a joint committee, and therefore fell
with the Congress which created it. There is no
authority on the part of the Senate to create a joint
committee, and there is no power in the Senate to
continue a joint committee by merely designating
the members of a former joint committee in a pre-
ceding Congress. This is the whole explanation."
After some further colloquy, my colleague
again said:
"It was continued by a resolution introduced by
the Senator from New Hampshire, ["Mr. Patter-
son,] passed without objection here, and sent to the
other House. The same course can be pursued now.
If the Senator from Now Hampshire, who was
chairman of the committee—and it would be per-
fectly proper for him to do it—should submit a reso-
lution of that kind, I would vote for it with pleas-
ure."
I need not read further from the debate in
which allusion was made to this committee.
So far as I know, the universal idea was that
as soon as the Senator lrom New Hampshire j
should return, a concurrent resolution would
be introduced and the committee revived.
Mr. PATTERSON rose.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me answer my friend
from Ohio, and then I will answer you.
Mr. THURMAN. I admit there was no
formal proposition or motion made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very much obliged
to my honorable friend from Ohio for reading
what he said then, because it is proof precisely
in point of what I assert. He has proved that
I was not misstating or overstating the thing
by what he has read. The committee was not
a standing committee; it was not abolished;
it expired by the limitation which was intro-
duced into the very resolution that created it,
just as my honorable friend's term will expire
when his six years are up, aud yet, I trust that
nobody will say that he thereby has been abol-
ished with any view to injure the public inter-
ests. I should be very sorry to think so.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to correct one
statement that I made, and that is that my
honorable friend from New Hampshire came
to be the immediate chairman of this commit-
tee after I left it. The Senator from Louisiana
(Mr. Harris) was in for a short time, as he
stood next upon the committee. But, Mr.
President, I ought to say too that at a later
period in the session I believe my honorable
friend from New Hampshire did offer a reso-
lution which never was moved or brought under
consideration for the revival of this committee.
I think I recollect that after what my honor-
able friend from Ohio has read; so that I am
still justified in stating what I stated before.
Mr. PATTERSON. I have no recollection
of ever offering such a resolution. 1 was
spoken to in relation to it, but chose not to
oiler such a resolution, as 1 did not care to be
on the committee myself, and as 1 hadnot been
the chairman during the ia^t session of its
continuance.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 accept the correction
of my friend from New Hampshire, who knows
the facts so much better than 1 do. So much
the stronger, although with the modification I
made it would have been strong enough for
the point I make, and that is that at the lust
session of this Congress, when both Houses
met and organized, and when by the very
authority thatcreatedth s committee its powers
had expired and itself was dissolved, not abol-
ished, it went out of existence, and a, whole ses-
sion of Congress running into weeks was suf-
fered to pass through both Houses without
anybody bringing to the action of either House
the proposition to revive it. Why? Because
there was no man who then thought that public
interests required it, or that private interests
could be subserved by it. That is the answer.
So, Mr. President,! am justified in saying
that the proposition of my honorable friend
from Illinois is not a proposition to continue,
or even in the just sense to revive a commit-
tee which anybody is opposing, but after slum-
bering through one whole session of this body
he finds it convenient, after being adveitised
by the papers as being about to do it, to bring
into this body a resolution to lecreate a joint
select Oommittee on Retrenchment. No man
questions the motive of my honorable friend ;
I do not; no man questions his right; but I
do question his authority to say that the ma-
jority of the Republicans of this body, who do
not see the thing exactly as he does, aie to
be condemned to public disci edit and public
disfavor, (if that were to be the standard of
what we are to measure, our actions by, which
I do not admit,) because we do not think it
best to do exactly that thing. That is the
point.
But, Mr. President, what the honorable
Senator from Ohio has read from his remarks
in the debate that occurred last spring is the
key-note to this whole performance, and I am
much obliged for his reading it. It is the
original advertisement of the old Dr. Jacob
Townsend. [ see that he directly or indirectly
is entitled to the paternity, either as father, or
certainly as grandfather, of this extraordinary
performance we have had here for a week or
so. He seems to have been the man, and
thought it fit in order to carry on the crusade
that he and his friends aesii-e against this
Administration (because they have a'readytold
us that they believe it to be all wrong—and
when I say '-Administration," I beg Senators
not to suppose that I am speaking of execu-
tive administration; I am speaking of all the
branches of the Government, Senatois and
Representatives as well as Executive Depart-
ments;) he thought it would bean exceedingly
convenient thing for him, in order to carry on
this crusade, a holy crusade, of course, to the
holy sepulchre where they are to he buiied,
that we should have a committee of this char-
acter, but he did not even then propose it; he
did not even then lay his hand upon any one
abuse which he desired to have corrected by
this committee; he only sang the old song
upon which the committee had over and over
again reported itself, and that was the civil
service, and he referred to a bill.
Now, let me condemn him, if he will par-
don the expression ; let me pnt him down upon
the report of the very committee itself upon
the subject of a bill of that nature. The last
will and testament of this committee, given to
us on the 3d of March, 1871, proposed that not
they but another jurisdiction should take charge
of exactly such a bill as the honorable Senator
refers to, introduced by my honorable friend
from New York, [Mr. Fenton.] and that was
a bill to reform the customs regulations as
to the importation of merchadise. This very
committee reported, as has been read to you,
Mr. President, a proposition that not they,
but another and distinct select committee,
having that one thing alone to act upon, should
be charged with the consideration of that very
bill. Why, then, bring that bill foiward as the
cause for a continuance of a committee of this
character ?
The committee itself say " no " to it. They
say in substance, " Wedo not think it advisable
to be perpetuated; wo have accomplished the
general purposes for which we were selected,
and over which we were intrusted with juris-
diction; and now the one chief thing that re-
mains to he performed, (t.he civil service having
been reported upon over aud over a ain, both
foreign and home,) is the matter of the regula-
tion of entnes and withdrawals, and the (art
ago of goods at the New York custom-house ;
and that we recommend shall be considered
by a joint select committee charged with the
consideration of that one subject alone.''
[f. Mr. President, 1 were to act upon my indi-
vidual judgment, I should vote against any
instruction of this character to this standing
committee for the reasons thatl stated in 1866
when this committee was first raised, and I
trust my honorable friend from Illinois will
give me the credit for consistency upon that,
if he does not upon anything else. That is to
say, by multiplying the number of things this
committee is to do, you will achieve less for
the public good than you will by treating them
as you do every other standing committee, and
sending to them the special subjects of inquiry
one after another that you desire to have
investigated.
And, Mr. President, I trust that the Senate
have not forgotten—they ought not to have for-
gotten—that one of the most important, per-
haps I should say the most important, special
investigation that the Committee on Retrench-
ment while it existed ever performed, was
performed under the special direction of the
Senate, just as a standing committee would
have performed it. I refer to the investiga-
tion into the affairs of the Treasury Depart-
ment. And it was not suffered to proceed
under the general clause in the old resolution
as to sending for persons and papers, but on
the motion of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman1] the Senate adopted a special reso-
lution directing that committee in particular
to inquire into tlie issue of the bonds and cur-
