1:872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1088
with great attention, as be said lie should, to
the gentleman from Kentucky, and in ease he
violates parliamentary rules the Chair will
interrupt him as readily as the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. STEVENSON. Does the Chair rule
it necessary that he shall say 
Mr. VOORHEES. I call the gentleman
fi-om Ohio to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear tho
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to know whether
it is necessary, in order to bring the gentleman
within that rule, that he should expressly say
that the language he quotes from the Globe
was used in the other Chamber. May he quote
from the Globe language used in the other
branch of Congress without saying that it was
used there, and be within the rule 1
The SPEAKER. The gentleman states a
hypothetical case. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky did not quote from the Globe.
Mr. STEVENSON. I understood him as
quoting a . number of expressions from the
Globe.
The SPEAKER. He did not credit them
to the Globe.
Mr. STEVENSON. But there is no doubt
about the fact.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot possi-
bly assume to know that.
Mr. BANKS. The Chair is certainly right
as to this matter ; and I can cite a precedent
which may be interesting to the House. When
John Quincy Adams was replying in the House
to remarks made by Mr. W ebster, and making
personal charges against him for language used
in the Senate, and repeating his language
there, he was justified in that by the House
because he spoke of "words spoken in an-
other place," and that is the uniform rule of
the House and of all .parliamentary bodies.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will say in
regard to the point made by the gentleman from
Ohio that he has listened particularly to every-
thing said by the gentleman from Kentucky.
The Chair desires to be perfectly just"about
the matter, but the gentleman from Kentucky
has nowhere connected what he has said with
the Globe or with the Senate of the United
States. The fact that a gentleman may cite
certain expressions and say they were used
elsewhere or in another place ot course would
not enable the Chair to know that it was a ref-
erence to what took place in the Senate, nor
if he did know it, would it, in his judgment, be
the duty of the Chair to publish that knowl-
edge to the House.
Mr. BANKS. The rule is clear that a
speaker here shall not refer to the proceed-
ings in the Senate. Thatis the rule.
The SPEAKER. That the Chair will not
permit.
Mr. BECK. I had said that I was willing,
if this language had been used'in a place and at
a time where my constituents, and they alone,
who knew me, could have heard it, to have
passed it by with the scorn it deserves; but
when it has been used in a place and at a
time when the whole American people can
hear it, and when the scurrilous remarks bear
upon what I may have said in my official posi-
tion here, and on what I am about to do or say
and am doing, as a member of a great com-
mittee of this House, so as to belittle and put
me down because of the assumption that the
member who says it is unworthy of confidence,
consideration, and the respect of honest men,
then I say that I have a right to stand up in my
place and say to the Representatives of the
people and to the country that the statements
made about me were unqualifiedly and mali-
ciously false.
Of course I was an humble man; I never
denied it. My people know that whatever I
have acquired I have obtained by the sweat
of my brow, by the legitimate use of the intel-
lect God has given me, and by the labor of
my own hands. I went to the State of Ken-
tucky, hardly yet a man, in the fall of 1843,
and was there just one year and one day be-
fore the presidential election of 1844, when I
cast my first vote for my great predecessor,
Henry Clay. I have never obtruded my per-
sonal history on anybody, and I am almost
ashamed to allude to it here; but my silence
in the face of such charges and insinuations
might be construed by my enemies into an
admission that I was ashamed of my early
career, and with a confession that I feel great
doubt as to the propriety of doing so, I will
simply say that, as most of you know, at least'
all those who have thought it worth while to
look into the Congressional Directory, I'am a
Scotchman by birth and was educated in Scot-
land. I 'lived nearly four years in western
New York with my father, who was known to
several gentlemen here. There was no better
farmer in the county of Wyoming, as the rec-
ords of the State and county fairs for many
years will show. He had other children,
younger than myself, to cducate and provide
for. He had done all for me I could ask.
I desired to study for a profession ; but I was
unable to command the means to do so. I
went with letters frofn the best men in New
York to the best men in Kentucky. I had
gone to school for ten consecutive years; but
had never taught school. I knew no mechan-
ical art; I was not a beggar; I had health and
strength, and in order to enable me to make
enough money to complete my professional
education I did undertake the management
of an estate there for a gentleman who is one
of my most intimate friends to-day. I managed
it for over a year to his entire satisfaction,
and with the money thus obtained I entered
Transylvania University, and within three years
and a half from the time I went to Kentucky
I was a graduate of that time-honored insti-
tution. I did not then go to any obscure place
nor engage in any ignoble struggle ; I settled'
down among the men with whom I have since
cast my lot. Clay and Wickliffe, Robertson
and Breckinridge, Buckner and Woolley, and
other men of the highest order of talent were
at the bar. I have practiced law there ever
since, with and among the best men in the
land. I have done so with some success. I
have never betrayed a trust confided to me,
nor done an act to bring shamo on my family
or friends.
My people know me; they have sent me
to this House three different times, the last
time against my protest, and in spite of a
written declaration that I did not desire to
be renominated. They have met me with
ovations at home, such as no carpet-bagger
in the South ever has or ever will receive, no
matter what position he may hold, and I am
willing to stand upon their knowledge of me
and of my character.
I never was in any man's livery stable. If
I had been I would not have been ashamed
of it. I never whipped any man's slaves, not
even my own, though perhaps it would have
been better for me and them both if I had
done so sometimes; and the charge made
against me that I was merely a cruel, degrad-
ed slave-driver and a hostler is a lie, no mat-
ter who says it, and I hurl it back against
the m,an who says it, and my people will hurl
it back with the indignation and scorn that it
deserves.
I regret, as I said, I feel humiliated to have
to state even this about myself. I would not
have done it if it had not been a reflection on
the people I represent, who would be disgraced
by such a Representative as I am charged to be,
and if it had not been that I know the charge
was made not so much against, me personally
as to destroy before the country the power
and effect of what I had said and what I
intend to continue to say against these carpet-
bagger governments at the South, and all their
frauds, corruptions, and rascalities. I do not
intend to allow it; that is my excuse for
obtruding my personal history on the House.
I know the combination that is doing it. It is
not one feeble old man only; he is merely put
forward and made to say mean things, to be-
come the mouth-piece of others who are worse
men and far more deeply implicated than he.
In reference to his talk about slavery, I hold
a book in my hand which was written in part
by that old man, in which he says:
"Not only willl throughout this discussion openly
and boldly take the ground that slavery as it exists
in America ought to be perpetuated, bat that slavery
is an established and inevitable condition to human
society. I will maintain that God always intended
the relation of master and slave to exist; that
Christ and tho early teachers of Christianity found
slavery, differing in no material respect from Ameri-
can Slavery, incorporated into every department of
society; that in the adoption of rules for the gov-
ernment of society, and of tho ohureh, they provided
for the rights of owners and the wants of slaves; that
slavery having existed ever since the first organiza-
tion of society, it will exist to the end of time."
* * £ * * 4- * * *
" Millions of dollars have been spent, and hun-
dreds of valuable lives sacrificed in the attempt to
evangelize the negroes of Africa, and yet slavery—
the abhorred] cursed, and reviled institution, of
slavery—has brought five times more negroes into
the fold of the church than all the missionary oper-
ations of the world combined. Slavery has tamed,
civilized, Christianized, if you please, the brutal ne-
groes brought to our shores by NewEogland kid-
nappers ; it has elevated them physically, mentally,
morally; and therefore it has proved a blessing to
them, and ought to be perpetuated."
I commend that book to the consideration
of the other side of the House. As to the
man who is maligning me, it is a habit with
him to indulge in such things. If you will
read his speeches made in 1860 you will find
Mr. Lincoln denounced as an abolitionist, and
worse; you will find Mr. Hamlin, then candi
date for Vice President, spoken of as a " free
negro." I conld quote page after page of
charges made against him infinitely worse
than any I ever made. Yet this man talks of
laying a lash over my back. No man has ever
laid a lash over my back or struck me a blow,
and never shall and live. I am no bully, and
no braggart. I do not know that he can say
as much. Mr. Lafayette McMullen. knows
whether he can or not, as I am informed.
I do not intend, as I have said, to indulge
in any billingsgate. I am no blackguard. I
do not fight with the weapons of the polecat.
The fish-women of the town can beat me at
that. But I will repel with honest indignation
charges made against me, come from what
source they may, that, either in my personal
or official character, as a member of the House
or as a gentleman, I have ever been guilty of
anything unworthy of myself, my family, and
my people. If I had been the man I am
charged with being, I would not have been
here.
I represent the proudest and grandest agri-
cultural district in America. It has more
capacity to produce all that is required for
the support of human life and comtort than
many whole States have. It has sent men to
these Halls who were the peers of the greatest
in the land, men who have done honor to the
positions they have filled. However humble
and feeble I may be as compared with them,
I will try not to disgrace the places they have
left. I am in the place of men whose fame
is familiar to every gentleman here. I need
not name them to recall them. The people
of the time-honored Ashland district of Ken-
tucky have seen fit to send mo here for three
consecutive terms, and that ought to be an an-
swer to all such reflections upon me as have,
been indulged in to a delighted audience as
I am told. The people of that district knew
that I had gone among them poor, friendless,
and alone. They knew that I had been a poor
man, laboring for my living, bpgging neither
money nor favor from anybody, never owing
any man anything but good-will; and, sir, if
you look at the newspapers of my district
you will see allusions made time and again
to the effect that my early poverty is not con-
sidered a badge of disgrace; it is rather held
out as encouragement to the young men of
that district who are poor as I was, that when
