3772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
ment. He made a report upon all those claims
that were on file in the Department at the
commencement of this session of Congress.
The bill only provides for those that were on
file when he made this report and according
to the report that is now here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator does not
answer my question as to how lately some of
the claims have been filed.
Mr. CORBETT. A portion of the claims
may have been filed within twelve months,
although I am not positive that there has been
one; but they could have been up to the time
this report was made. Any that may have
been filed in the Department up to the time
the report was made can be paid. That is my
answer.
Mr. SAWYER. It is obvious this bill can-
not pass this morning without a great deal
of discussion, and claims that are seventeen
years old I think can wait a few days longer.
Mr. CORBETT. That is the reason why
the bill ought, to pass now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina demands the regular order.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. As the
amount has been referred to 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Just a
moment. ,
Mr. SAWYER. I will only yield in case a
vote can be taken without one word of further
debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina calls for the regular order.
labor commission.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of yesterday is before the Senate,
being the bill (11. R. No. 374) to provide for
the appointment of a commission on the
subject of labor and the division of profits
between labor and capital in the United
States, upon which the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Sawyer] is entitled to the
floor. The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Cameron] appeals to him to yield for a
motion to proceed to the consideration of
executive business, allowing this bill to remain
as the unfinished business.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 understood that this bill
•was to come up at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is up ; but
the Senator from Pennsylvania now desires
to .go into executive session.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not des ire to oppose
my wish to that of the Senate, but [ prefer we
should finish this bill before the motion is
made for an executive session.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the question will
be put to a vote of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from South Carolina yields, the Chair will
recognize the Senator from Pennsylvania to
make the motion; if he does not, the Chair
will recognize the Senator from Pennsylvania
after the Senator from South Carolina con-
cludes.
Mr. SAWYER. I will yield to allow the
motion to be made if the Senate desires to go
into an executive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina desires the Senate to
consider the labor commission bill at this
time, but yields to allow the question to be
put on the motion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania. The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to go into executive session.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, but
five Senators rising to second the call.
Tie motion was agreed to.
executive session.
The Senate accordingly proceeded to the
consideration of executive business. After
four hours and forty-five minutes spent in
executive session, the doors were reopened.
message prom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the amendments
of the Senate to the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 1207) amendatory of an
act entitled "An act donating public lands to
the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agricultural
and mechanic arts," passed July 2, 1862,
and acts amendatory thereto ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2565) to provide for the
issue of bonds in lieu of destroyed or defaced
bonds of the United States.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 446) to abolish the office
of surveyor at the port of Chester, in Penn-
sylvania, and for other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2858) authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to release twenty-five acres of
the lands of the United States at Plattsburg,
New York, to the New York and Canada Rail-
road Company, and for other purposes.
administration op justice.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed as con-
ferees on the part of the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(S. No. 473) to further the administration of
justice, Mr. Conklins, Mr. Carpenter, and
Mr. Thurman.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had this
day approved and signed the following acts :
_ An act (S. No. 327) to establish the collec-
tion district of Duluth, and to create St.
Paul, in the collection district of Minnesota,
a port of delivery;
An act (S. No. 408) to regulate criminal
practice in the Federal courts ;
An act (S. No. 618) for the relief of Wil-
liam Nixon, of West Virginia;
An act (S. No. 691) giving the assent of
Congress to the subscription of the District
of Columbia to the stock of the Piedmont and
Potomac Railroad Company;
An act (S. No. 816) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish a uniform time for hold-
ing elections for electors of President and
Vice President in allthe States of the Union,"
approved January 23, 1815;
An act (S. No. 877) to create an additional
land district in the State of Kansas ; and
An act (S. No. 988) to provide homes
for the Pottawatomie and absentee Shawnee
Indians in the Indian territory.
message prom tiie house.
A message from the House of' Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 68o) for the relief of B. C.
Pressley;
A bill (S. No. 812) to provide for furnishing
trusses to disabled soldiers ; and
A bill (S. No. 108G) to change the location
of the Railroad National Bank of Lowell,
Massachusetts, to the city of Boston, Massa-
chusetts.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the resolution of the Senate
for the printing of the first eight tables of the
census report.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the
following bills; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate:
A bill (H. B. No. 2862) to confirm the pur-
chase by the executive department of three
acres of land more or less, in the vicinity of
Nashville, Tennessee, known as the site of
Port Houston, and to donate and convey the
same to the Fisk University for educational
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 2863) to extend to the
State of Nevada the benefits of an act to enable
the State of Arkansas and other States to
reclaim the swamp lands within their limits ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2860) for the relief of W.
A. Howard ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2861) for the relief of
H. G. Ankeny, late a captain in the fourth
Iowa infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 2865) to fix the compensa-
tion of gaugers and measurers at the port of
Boston; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2864) for the relief of
John W. Mears, administrator of the estate
of Henry D. Mears, deceased, and of William
Moulton, jr.
The message also announced that the House
insisted on its amendment to the bill (S. No.
473) to further the administration of justice
disagreed to by the Senate, asked a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. Benjamin F.
Butler of Massachusetts, Mr. John A. Bing-
ham of Ohio, and Mr. Clarkson N. Potter of
New York, as the managers at the same on the
part of the House.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 1535) to abolish the
tribal relations of the Miami Indians, and for
other purposes, asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. John A. Smith of Ohio,
Mr. John P. C. Shanks^ of Indiana, and Mr.
George M. Adams of Kentucky, managers at
the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the amendments of
the Senate to the resolution of the House
authorizing the printing of the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office for
1870.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a concurrent resolution for the
printing of eight thousand copies of the re-
port of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office for 1871.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a concurrent resolution for the
printing of two thousand extra copies each
of the reports of the Smithsonian Institution,
of which the stereotype-plates are now in the
Government Printing Office, for distribution
by the Smithsonian Institution to libraries,
colleges, and public establishments.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills; and they
were thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 765) for the relief of the heirs
of Captain B. R. Perkins, of the United States
Army;
A bill (S. No. 1062) to change the name of
the schooncr La Pette to La Petite ;
A bill (S. No. 373) for the relief of J. Ross
Browne, late minister to China ; and
A bill (S. No. 881) to provide for the abate-
ment. or repayment of taxes on distilled spirits
in bond destroyed by casualty.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS (at five
o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 23, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order op business
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole for
the consideration of the sundry civil appropri-
ation bill. But, pending that motion, I yield
to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Fink-
