1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1981
Mr. RANDALL. I am for allowing some
discussion and. votes to be taken on the amend-
ments.
Mr. POTTER. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Connecticut whether he will allow
a vote to be taken on my amendment to pre-
serve this public park, or whether he means to
call the previous question to shut out all
amendments?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I cannot admit
the amendment of the gentleman from New
York when I exclude all others.
Mr. ELDREDGE. With the permission
of the gentleman from Connecticut, I will take
a minute to reply to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Potter] in reference to this pub-
lic park. His amendment is not worth any-
thing. It does not amount to anything, for in
the bill itself we have reserved the right to
repeal or amend the law at any time. There-
fore, whenever the public park shall be built,
as I heartily hope it may be some time, we
Can make such amendment of the law and
enact such requirements as may be deemed
necessary. We may require this road to build
over or to run under the surface of the public
grounds, just as my friend's amendment pro-
poses to" do. There is no necessity for this
amendment. I would as soon have it on as
not.
Mr. POTTER. Then why not do it?
Mr. ELDREDGE. It opens the question,
and is of no earthly use. The park they talk
about I wish to see made some day, but for
forty years the place where this depot is pro-
posed to be built has been the dirtiest hole
in Washington and a disgrace to the city. I
believe it would so remain for years to come
unless some improvement like that proposed
by this railroad is made on that land.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I insist on my
demand for the previous question.
Mr. POTTER. I move that the House
take a recess until four o'clock p. m.
Mr. BECK. Pending that I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
34, noes 104.
Mr. KERR demanded the yeas and nays.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
twenty-five.
Mr. STARKWEATHER demanded a fur-
ther count.
The SPEAKER appointed Mi'. Maynard
and Mr. Kerr tellers.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes thirty-six ; more than one fifth
those present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it lvas decided
in the negative—yeas 24, nays 154, not voting
62; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Archer, Arthur. Beatty, Beck,
Braxton, Carroll, Davis, DuBose, Duke, Garrett,
llambleton, Kerr, King, Lewis, Morrick, Niblack,
Read, Ritchie, Swann, Terry, Dwight Townscnd,
Van Trump, Willitrd. and Winchestei — 24.
NAYS—Messrs.Acker. Ames, Averiil, Banks, Bar-
ber, Barry, Bell, Beveridge, Bigby, Biggs, Bird, Aus-
tin Blair, Bright, Grcorgo M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffin-
ton, Burchard, Burdett, Caldwell, Coburn, Coghlan,
Conger, Conner, Cotton, Orebs, Creely, Crocker,
Crossland, Darrall, Dawes, Dickey, Dunnan, Box,
Duell, Bunnell, Eames, Eldredge, Elliott, Farns-
worth, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Henry D.Fos-
ter, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Getz, Golla-
day, Goodrich, Griffith, Haldeman, Hale, Halsey,
Handley, Hanks, Harmer, Harper, George E. Harris,
John T. Harris, Havens, Hawley, Hay, Hays, John
W. Hazelton, Iierndon, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton,
Kelley, Kendall, Ketcham, Killinger, Lamison.
Lamport, Leach, Lowe,Lynch, Marshall, Maynard,
MeClellancL McCorinick, MeCrary, McGrew, Mc-
Honry, Mclntyre, McJunlun, McKinncy, McNcely,
Mereur, Mernam, Benjamin i\ Meyers, Mitchell,
Monroe, Moore, Morey, Leonard Myers, jNcgley, Orr,
Packard, Palmer, Isaac 0. Paiker, Peck, Pendleton,
Eli Perry, Peters, Poland, Price, Prindle, Randall,
Edward Y. Rice, Ellis II. Roberts. Rogers, Roose-
velt, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shobor, Shoe-
maker, Slater, Sloss, 11. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague,
Starkweather, Stevens Stevenson, Sutherland, Sy-
pher, Taffe, Washington 'i'ownsend. Turner, Tyner,
Upson, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Wakeman,
W aid en, Waldron, Wallaeo, Wells, Wheeler, Whit-
thorne, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New
York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and
Wood—154.
NOT VOTING—Messrs, Adams, Ambler, Barnum,
Bingham, JamesG.Blair,Boles, James Brooks,Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Campbell,
William T. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Comingo,
Cox, Critcher, De Large. Ely, Farwell, Forker,
Hancock, Gerry W. Hazelton. Hereford. Hib-
bard, Hill, Ilolman, Kellogg Kinsella, Lansing,
Manson, McKee, Morgan, Morphis, Packer, Hosea
W. Parker, Perce, Aaron F. Perry Piatt, Porter,
Potter, Rainey, John M.Rice, William R. Roberts,
Robinson, Rusk, Secloy, Slocum, Worthington C.
Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Storm, Stotfghton, Stowell,
Strong, St. John, Thomas, Tuthill, Twichell, Walls,
Warren, Whiteley, and Young—62.
So the House refused to adjourn.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson.
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 472) to amend an act entitled
"An act to regulate the diplomatic and con-
sular systems of the United States," passed
August 18, 1856, and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 57) authorizing mail steam-
ship service in the Gulf of Mexico between
the port of New Orleans, Louisiana, and cer-
tain ports of the republic of Mexico;
A bill (S. No. 169) to amend an act passed
March 2, 1831, entitled "'An act allowing the
duties on foreign merchandise imported into
Wheeling, Vicksburg,Ciucinnati,Louisville,St.
Louis, Nashville, and Natchez, to be secured
and paid at those places
A bill (S. No. 251) to amend an act entitled
"An act to establish and declare the railroad
bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chat-
tanooga Railroad Company as hereafter con-
structed a post road, and for other purposes,"
approved March 2, 1868;
A bill (S. No. 327) to establish the collec-
tion district of Duluth, and to create St. Paul,
in the collection district of Minnesota, a port
of delivery;
A bill (S. No. 345) for deepening St. Clair
flats canal to sixteen feet;
A bill (S. No. 560) for the enlargement
of the St. Mary's falls canal, in the State of
Michigan ;
A bill (S. No. 604) to allow the Lake On-
tario Shore Railroad Company to lay their
track upon the west pier at Oswego, New
York;
A bill (S. No. 612) to facilitate the execu-
tion of and to protect certain public works of
improvement;
A^bill (S. No. 659) relative to the entry and
clearance of ferry-boats and of bonded cars
passing from one State to another, through for-
eign contiguous territory;
A bill (S. No. 735) to amend an act entitled
"An act to extend the laws of the United
States relating to customs, commerce, and
navigation, over the territory ceded to the
United States by Russia, to establish a collec-
tion district therein, and for other purposes,"
passed July 27, 1868 ; and
A bill (S. No. 837) to authorize the issue of
an American register to the brig Delphine.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
bills of the House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 131) to change the bound-
aries of the collection district of Brazos de
Santiago in the State of Texas ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1657) to amend the sec-
ond section of the act of August 30, 1852, in
relation to the transportation and exportation
of imported goods, wares, and merchandise in
bond through certain ports in the State of
Texas; and
A bill (H. R. No. 501) authorizing the appro-
priation for the employment of surfmen at
alternate life-saving stations on the New Jer-
sey coast for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1872, to be expended in employing crews at
such stations, and for such periods, and at
such compensation as the Secretary of the
Treasury may deem reasonable, not to exceed
forty dollars per month for each person em-
ployed.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, bills
of the House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 2043) authorizing an
American register to the Dutch bark Alice
Tarlton ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2114) granting a pension
to Margaret Nyce ;
A bill (H. ft. No. 1049) to establish a port
of entry and delivery at the city of Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania;
A bill (BI. R. No. 435) to authorize the Pres-
ident to appoint George Plunkett a paymaster
in the Navy ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 166) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to authorize protection to be
given to citizens of the United States who may
discover deposits of guano," approved August
18,1856.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (S. No. 792) in addition
to an act entitled "An act to amend an act
entitled 'An act for the removal of causes in
certain cases from State courts,' approved July
27, 1866," approved March 2, 1867.
baltimore and potomac railroad.
The House then resumed the consideration
of House bill No. 2057 to confirm the action
of the board of aldermen and common council
of the city of Washington, designating a depot
site for the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad
Company, and for other purposes.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Potter,] that theHousenow takearecess
till four o'clock p. m.
Mr. KERR. Is it in order now to move
that when the House adjourns to-day it be to
meet on Thursday next?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order.
Mr. KERR. Then I make that motion.
removal of causes from state codrts.
Mr. M ERCUR. I rise to a privileged re-
port, and submit the report of a committee
of conference.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon Senate bill No. *92,
(in addition to an act entitled "An act to amend an
act entitled 'An act for the removal of causes in
ocrtain cases from State courts,' approved July 27,
18M," approved March 2, 1807,) having met, after
full and tree conierencc, have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their rospcctivo Houses as
follows:
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House, amended as follows, as a substitute for the
bill:
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Stales of America in Gongresi
assembled. That whenever a personal action has been
or shall be brought in any State court by an alien
against any citizen of a State who is, or at the time
the alleged action accrued was a civil officei of the
United States, being non-resident of that State
wherein jurisdiction is obtained by the State court
by the personal service of process, such action may
be removed into the circuit court of the United
States in and for the district in which the defend-
ant shall have been served with process, in the same
manner as now provided for the removal of an ac-
tion brought in a State court by the provisions ol
section three of the act of March 2, i833, entitled
"An act further to provide lor the collection ol
duties on impoits."
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
ULYSSES MERCUR, ,,, „
Managers on the part of the House.
ROSCOE C0NKLING, „T„TrTT^OT1„
FREDERICK T. FRELINGHUYbEN,
ELISAULSBURY
Managers on the part oj the o<snaie,
The question was on agreeing to the report.
Mr. DUKE. I move that the report belaid
on the table; and on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has heretofore
