1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
189
preamble and continued in consequence of it,
when the preamble was not adopted at all,
either intheFortieth Congress or in the Forty-
First Congress.
Now, what becomes of his preamble and
his assertion that the committee was got up
because there was a terrible state of things in
the public service of the country in 1866?
What had that to do with the revival of the
committee in 1868 ? What had that to do with
the revival of the committee in 1869? And,
then, he repeatedly talked about this commit-
tee being abandoned and given up; and that
is another of his sharp points to go to the
country. Why, it is like all these little points
that it will not do to let a standing committeo
have power to send for persons and papers,
but you may allow a select committee to have
itl What becomes of his point that it was
given up? Why, sir, at the last session of
Congress do we not know, does not the coun-
try know, do not all the intelligent people of
this land know that that, Senator forced through
this body, with the Senator from Rhode Island
by the side of him, a proposition that no gen-
eral business should be done ? When was that
offered ? On the 13th day of March a resolu-
tion was offered here—
" That the Senate will consider at the presentses-
sionno general legislation except such as relates to
the suppression of disorder and the protection of
life and property in the several States."
Mr. President, have you forgotten the adop-
tion of that resolution, and the struggle that
we had to try and do some business here at
that session? And now, forsooth, my friend
from Vermont, who delights to make sharp
points, comes in and tells us that you did not
have this committee at the last session. And
what did you do at the last session ? Did you
not adopt a resolution, as soon as the rules of
the Senate would permit, it to be done, that no
business should be done except upon a particu-
lar subject? The Senator has stated here
repeatedly, as I have understood him, that by
universal consent—I have heard it half a dozen
times—that by universal consent the committee
was given up and nobody wanted it. Now, let
me read a little from the record about universal
consent:
"Mr. Patterson submitted the following resolu-
tions for consideration:
"Resolved, (the House of Representatives con-
curring,)''—-
Mr. SUMNER. What date is that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 'The 17t,h day of March.
1871, on the fifty-sixth page of the Journal of
the Senate:
"Resnhed, (the House of Representatives concur-
ring,) That a joint select, Committee on Retrench-
ment" 
Mr. PATTERSON. I beg leave to correct
the statement I made before. T was asked by
one or two Senators to offer that resolution.
I refused once or twice, but I see I did offer
it. I was mistaken in relation to that fact,
when I interrupted the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
Hampshire on the 17th of March offered a
resolution providing—
" That a joint select Committee on Retrenchment,
consisting of four members of the Seriate and seven
members of the House, be appointed by the Presid-
ing Officers of the two Houses, with the same powers
and duties as were conferred upon the select Com-
mittee on Retrenchment, of the Thirty-Ninth, For-
tieth, and Forty-First Congresses, and to which all
matters yet remaining undisposed of, which were re-
ferred to the Committeo on Retrenchment of tbe
Forty-First Congress, shall bo referred."
Now, I hope we shall have no more of this
prating in the Senate here of that point that
the committee had been abandoned. A reso-
lution was lying on your tables to revive the
committee, offered on the 17th March last;
and the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thcrman]
has read a debate showing that attention was
called to it and that a considerablo discussion
took place upon it.
The great reason presented in this Senate
why we should not have a Committee on Re-
trenchment with power to do something,is what?
One reason is that there was a preamble adopt-
ed in 1866, and the Senator from Vermont
goes on and reads that, as if that was a reason,
when the resolution was adopted without a
preamble for the four succeeding years; and
he then tells you that the committee was aban-
doned, given up, when there was a resolution
here for its reappointment, and that resolution
I suppose is pending now, continued over from
the last session, offered on the 17th of March
last. That is another of the reasons.
Sir, away with all these little pitiful excuses
that a joint select committee will not do, and
it must be a standing committee, and then that
a standing committee must not have power to
send for persons and papers, and then that the
Senator from Vermont has introduced a bill
on the subject of the civil service, and there-
fore this committee shall not go out to inquire
at all into the abuses in the use of patronage!
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to call his attention to the fact that the
resolution introduced by the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Patterson] is the
fourth resolution on the printed Calender laid
upon our tables to-day. He is entirely right
in supposing that it is here. It is the fourth
resolution on the Calender laid on our tables
to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is on the Calendar at
this time, it seems. Now, Mr. President, I do
not wish to take up any further time in the dis-
cussion of this matter. I think the country
will understand it, notwithstanding all these
sharp turns of my friend from Vermont. I do
not think the country will be disturbed, or that
the Senate will be imposed upon by any such
arguments as that you must not have a Com-
mittee of Investigation and Retrenchment to
see if we cannot reduce expenses and correct
abuses, because the Senator from Vermont
thinks that we had abandoned it, or because
he thinks proper to make sport of the letter
of one of his constituents.
I wish to take up no time in discussing these
matters. I think tbey are understood. If the
Senator from Vermont does not want to have
the resolution passed, and if a majority of the
Senate do not—if they wish to emasculate it,
to take out all its life, I acquiesce in the decis-
ion of the Senate, and I have no more to say
about it. I should like to have one square vote
upon it; and if the Senate vote it down, that
is the end of it. I do not claim to be any better
than anybody else. The Senator from Ver-
mont, I think, is in favor of reform; I believe
him to be earnestly so. I believe he wants to
correct the civil service, and I shall be glad to
unite with him, and help, so far as 1 can, to
accomplish the object which he has in view.
I am sorry he should feel it incumbent upon
him to resort to all the little technicalities we
might expect of him in the county courts of
Vermont to prevent the passage of a resolution
intended to arm a committee of this body with
the power to accomplish some good in investi-
gating the abuses of the Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, I have
heard this little song on the subject of sharp-
ness before. My friend ought to have given
credit to his source of information upon that
subject. He ought to have credited it to the
correspondent of the New York Tribune, who
said exactly that thing yesterday, and it is not
fair for my honorable friend to be borrowing,
when there is a copyright law, observations of
that character. So much to defend my good
friend of the Tribune.
Now, Mr. President, on the merits of the
question of sharpness, 1 do not pretend to any
sharpness at all, but if I was obliged to choose
between sharpness and its opposite I should
take the sharp side. I submit to my honorable
friend one little consideration, petty though
he calls it—but even great men can take
notice of petty things sometimes—and that is,
that in some countries it is not regarded as
the most eminent way of upholding a measure
to accuse people who oppose it of being petty.
There are sometimes better reasons for adopt-
ing a resolution than calling names and
making wry faces at people who do not agree
with it; but that, too, is a question of taBte to
a considerable degree. My honorable friend
may pursue his method; I will pursue mine.
Then a word as to the "county courts of
Vermont." I have heard of that before. That
first had its birth, I believe, in a represent-
ation made in a newspaper by a gentleman
who, I believe, lives in Boston, whose name
I do not remember at this moment, who was
represented as interviewing an eminent Sen-
ator from New England—I do not particular-
ize, because all the Senators from New Eng-
land are eminent—who gave me the honorable
position of being a somewhat successful prac-
titioner in the county courts, (though I did
not have that opinion of myself when I used
to be there, but it was an honorable mention,)
and as having rather exhausted my jurisdic-
tion when I left the county courts. My hon-
orable friend from Illinois ought to have given
credit for that, just as he did to my frieud
from Ohio in the speech he made the other
day about the necessity of civil service reform.
But to be serious, Mr. President, I confess
I am a little surprised at my friend from Illi-
nois that he, eminent and great as he is, finds
no better ground at last, after he has been
driven out of every position that he assumed
here in favor of joint select committees and in
favor of one thing and another, to turn around
now and uphold a failing cause by coming down
upon one of the youngest and humblest mem-
bers of the Senate by applying to him the epi-
thets of "sharp," and "petty," and "ungen-
tlemanly." It may do in the country where
my honorable friend lives, but it would not do
in mine. Perhaps it may be thought to be
"petty" to say that, but I say it, and I say it
to my friend in a spirit of kindness and in all
earnest.
Next, as to this letter, how came this letter
before you, sir? It was the honorable Senator
from Illinois who shook it in your face as con-
taining pregnant evidence that even in the State
of Vermont there were immeasurable abuses
in administration which ought to be corrected.
When I called upon him to enable me to see
the proof, he said that I should see the proof
if the man would not be turned out of office,
if I would protect him in holding the office. I
gave him the pledge. I did not know then
that the man did not at present hold office.
Of course, I did not know who he was from
Adam. And yet, when the proof that he relies
upon is read to the Senate to show the utter
preposterousness of bringing forward evidence
of that kind to affect a question like this, then
my friend falls back on his reserved rights as
a private citizen, and says that I have not done
the thing in reading this letter.
Well, Mr. President, in the county courts
where I was brought up to the law it was gen-
erally considered proper that the jury should
hear the evidence that the counsel for the
prosecution presented, and that if he did not
want his papers read he had better not bring
them into court. That may be "petty," but
I submit to my friend that it is just.
My friend says that I stand on a preamble.
So I do. I believe the Constitution of the
United States stands on a preamble. Now
he says that that preamble was abandoned as
I say that the committee was. Not by any
means. I repeat—and if my friend will look at
the record he will see that 1 am right—that
the resolution continuing this committee,
keeping it in life, merely referred to the old
committee, reviving it with the same powers
and with the same privileges and upon the
same grounds that it, was before, so that the
preamble was revived as well as the resolution.
That is the fact about it.
My friend says also that we have had this
resolution pending before the Senate all the
time, and that it is not a new thing; that the
committee was not abandoned. He need not
