1982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
declined, as he does now, to entertain a mo-
tion to lay on the table a report of a committee
of conference, although it has been done in
some oases. The present occupant of the chair
in the Forty-First Congress held that when a
report of a committee of conference was
presented to the House, the single question to
be determined was whether the House would
agree or not agree to the report.
Mr. DUKE. Then I call for the yeas and
nays on agreeing to the report.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and
The SPEAKER said: Over forty members
have risen upon the call for the yeas and
nays, and they will be regarded as ordered.
There are generally enough members standing
upon their feet to order the yeas and nays on
any question. [Laughter.]
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 117, nays 68, not votiftg 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Arthur, Averill,
Banks. Barry, Beatty, Beveridgo, Bigby, Austin
Bbiir, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Bureh-
ard, Burdett, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton,
Crebs, Creely, Crocker, Darrall, Dickey, Donnan,
Duell.Duanell, Eames, Elliott, Finkelnburg,Charles
Foster, Henry I). Foster, Wilder D. Poster, Frye,
Garfield, Hale, Halsey, Hambleton, Hancock. Hand-
lay, Harmer. Harper, George E. Harris, Havens,
Hay, Hays, Gorry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton,
Herndon, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, ltellev,
Keteham, Killinger, King. Lamport, Lowe, Lynch,
Maynard, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew, Mc-
Junkin, Merear, Merriam, Monroe, Morey, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard, Palmer, Isaac C. Par-
ker, Peok, Aaron K.Perry, EhPerry,Peters, Poland,
Priadle, Ellis H. Roberts, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield,
Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherwood. Shoe-
maker, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, R.
Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stoughton,Stowell, Sutherland,
Sypher, Taffe, Washington Townsend, Turner,
Tyner, Upson, Wakeinan, Walden, VValdron, Wal-
lace, Whiteley, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Wil-
liams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T.
Wilson, and Wood—117.
HAYS—Messrs. Auker, Barber, Beck, Biggs, Bird,
Braxton, Bright, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Con-
ner, Cox, Crosshmd, Davis, Dox, Du liorfe, Duke,
Eldredge, Ely, Garrett, Gets!, Golladay, Goodrich.
Griffith, Hardeman, Hanks, JolinT. Harris,Hawley,
Hibbard, Kendall, Ivorr, Lamison, Leach, Lewis,
Manson, Marshall, McClelland, Mcllenry, Moln-
tyre, McNeely, Morriok, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Mitchell. Kiblaek, Potter, Price, Hand all, Iload,
Edward Y. Riee, Ritchie, William B. Roberts. Rog-
ers, Roosevelt, Slater, Sloeum, Sloss, Stevens, Storm,
Swann, Terry, Dwit'llt Townsend, Van Tiump,
Vaughan, Voorhees. Waddell, Wells, Wliitthome,
and Young—63.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Barnum,
Bell, Bingham, James G. Blair, Boles. James Brooks,
Benjamin I'. Butler, Roderick It. Butler, William
X. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Commgo, Critcher,
Dawes, I)c Large, I^arnsworth, Farwell, Forker,
Hereford. Holman, Kellogg, Kinsella. Lansing, Me-
Kee, McKinney, Moore, Morgan, Mornhis, Packer,
Hosea W. Parker, Pendleton, Perce, Piatt, Porter,
Rainoy, John M. Rico, Robinson, Rusk, Seeley,
Sheldon, Shobcr, Worthington C. Smith. Snapp,
Snyder, Strong, St. John, Thomas, Tuthill, Twichell,
Walls, Warren, Wheeler, and Winchester—55.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BRAXTON said: I desire to announce
that my colleague, Mr. Critcher, is called
home by sickness in his family.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. MERCUR. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. KERR and Mr, BECK called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, is not this ques-
tion divisible?
' The SPEAKER. It is not. The House is
not called upon to vote on two motions at the
same time. The pending question is on lay-
ing upon the table the motion to reconsider.
Should the House refuse to lay the motion on
the table, the question will then be taken on
the motion to reconsider.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 65, not voting
78; asfoJlows:
YEAS—Messrs. Banks, Barber, Barnum, Barry,
Beatty, Bigby, Austin Blair, George M. Brooks,
Buckley, Buffinton, Burohard, Burdett, Coburn,
Coghlan, Conger, Cotton, Creely, Darrall, Dawes,
Dickey, Donnan, Duell, Dunnell, Eames. Elliott,
Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder P.
Foster, Goodrich, Hambleton, Harmer, Harper,
George E. Harris, Havens, Hawley, Hay. Hays,
Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hooper,
Houghton, Kelley, Killinger, Lamport, Lansing,
Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, MeCormiek, McGrew, Mc-
Junkin, Mercur, Merriam, Moore, Leonard Myers,
Orr, Packard, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck,4 Pen-
dleton, Aaron F. Perry, Petors, Poland, Prindlo,
Ellis H. Roberts, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions,
Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shoe-
maker, H. Boardman Smith, Thomas J. Speer,
Sprague, Starkweather, Stoughton, Stowell, Sypher,
Taffe, WashingtonTownsend,Turner,Tyner,Upson,
Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wallace, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, and Jeremiah M.
Wilson—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Beck,
Bell, Bird, Braxton, Bright, Caldwell, Campbell,
Conner, Crebs, Crocker, Dox, Du Bose, Duke, Gar-
rett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith, Hancock, Handley,
Hanks, John T. Harris, Hibbard, Kerr, King,
Lamison, Leach, Lewis. Manson, Marshall, Mc-
Clelland, McHenry, MclDtyre, McNeely, Merrick,
Benjamin E. Meyers, Mitchell, Niblack, Hosea W.
Parker, Potter, Price, Read, Edward Y. Rice,
Ritchie. William R. Roberts, Roosevelt, Shobor,
Slater, Sloss, R.Milton Speer, Sutherland. Swann,
Terry, Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell,
Warren, Wells, Whitthorne, Williams of New York,
Wood, and Young—65.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Averill, Bevendge, Biggs, Bingham, James G. Blair,
Boles, James Brooks, Benjamin F.Butler, Roderick
Ii. Butler, Carroll, William T. Clark, Freeman
Clarke, Cobb, Comingo, Cox, Critcher, Crossland,
Davis, De Laige, Eldredge, Ely, Farwell, Forker,
Henry D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Haldeman, Hale,
Halsey, Hereford, Herndon, Hoar, Holinan, Kel-
logg, Kendall, Keteham, Kinsella, McCrary, Mc-
Kee, McKinney, Monroe, Morey, Morgan, Morphis,
Negley, Packer, Perce, Eli Perry, Piatt, Porter,
Rainoy, Raudall, John M. Riee, Robinson, Rogers,
Rusk, Soeley, Slocum, John A. Smith, Worthing-
ton C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Stevens, Stevenson,
Storm, Strong, St. John, Thomas, D.vvight Town-
send, 'Tuthill, Twichell, Walls, Willard, John 1\
Wilson, and Wmohestor—78.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
baltimore and potomac railroad.
The House resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 2057) to confirm the ac-
tion of the board of aldermen and common
council of the city of Washington, designating
a depot site for the Baltimore and Potomac
Railroad Company, and for other purposes.
The pending question was upon the motion
of Mr. Kerr, that when the House adjourns
to day it be to meet on Thursday next.
Mr. BECK. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I want to make
a proposition. If gentlemen who are opposed
to this bill will allow the previous question to
be seconded, 1 will agree to give them two
thirds of the hour to which I shall be enti-
tled ; I will give the opponents of the bill forty
minutes, which they may divide among them-
selves as they please.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow
amendments to be offered?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Some seven or
eight amendments have already been printed,
and there are others which gentlemen desire
to propose. Of course we cannot allow votes
to be taken on all those amendments; but we
will agree to give gentlemen two thirds of the
hour which will be allowed for debate after
the previous question is seconded. Then let
us have a vote on the merits of the bill.
Mr. BECK. I do not understand whether
the gentleman consents to allow the amend-
meats to be voted on.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I say we cannot
allow all these amendments to come in ; but
we will give the gentlemen on the other side
two thirds of all the time that will be allowed
for discussion.
Mr. BECK. We do not so much want time
for discussion as opportunity to test the sense
of the House on amendments. Gentlemen on
the other side will have the right to vote down
the amendments if they want to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The gentleman
cannot claim that there is any right to have
seven or eight amendments come in and he
voted on.
Mr. BECK. Well, there is a right to ad-
journ.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I propose to give
gentlemen oil the other side two thirds of the
time if they want it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest to the gen-
tleman from Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather}
to allow such amendments as would be in
order under the rules of the House ; that is to
say, one amendment and an amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have made my
proposition, and it is not accepted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is all the par-
liamentary law allows. Suppose that is done ;
I am in favor of allowing gentlemen to move
an amendment and an amendment to the
amendment, which is all the rules of the House
allow.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope an
amendment will be permitted to be offered to
provide at a very early day, within a few days,
by some commission properly appointed, for
the selection of a place to which this road, the
Baltimore and Ohio, and all other roads, may
go to build their depots.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I object to that.
The proposition of the gentleman from Ohio
is the most preposterous one 1 have ever
heard.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. He may call
it preposterous, but he refuses to allow us
an opportunity to show whether it is pre-
posterous or not.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have agreed
to give to the other side three fourths of the
time allotted to me under the rules after the
previous question has been seconded, in order
to show that it is not preposterous; but gentle-
men refuse to accept even that offer.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I only want a
minute to show that it is not preposterous.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will give you
five minutes now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not choose
to allow the gentleman to call my remarks
preposterous.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I withdraw the
adjective, and ask for a vote on the pending
question
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion to adjourn, made by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. KERR. 1 move that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Thurs-
day next.
The SPEAKER. That motion takes, pre-
cedence.
The House divided : and there were—ayes
39, noes 91.
Mr. KERR demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 14, nays 147, not voting
79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Arthnr, Beatty, Campbell,
J>uke, Hambleton, Kerr, McNeely, Niblack. Read,
Ritchie, Swann, Terry, and Van Trump—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Aoies, Banks, Barber,
Barry, Beck, Bell, Beveridge, Bigby, Biggs, Bird,
Braxton, Bright, (George M. Brooks, Buffinton,
Burchard, Burdett, Caldwell, Coburn, Coghlan,
Conger, Conner, Cotton, Creely, Crocker, Crossland,
Darrall, Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, Dox, Duel!, Bun-
nell, Eames, Eldredge, Elliott, Ely.Farn&wortii, Far-
well, bmkelnburg, Charles Foster, Henry D. IWer,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garrett, Getz, Golladay,
Goodrich, Hancock, llandley, Hanks, Harmer, Har-
per, John X. Harris, Havens, Hawley, Hay, Hays,
Gerry W. Hazelton, John "\V. Hazelton, Herndon,
Hibbard, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley,
Kendall, Keteham, Kiihnger, Lamison, Lansing,
™eTils' i^oye. Marshall, Maynard. Mc-
Clelland, McCormick, McCrary, McGrow, McHonry,
Mclntyre, Mercur, Merriam, Benjamin F. Mejer^,
Mitchell, Monroe, Crr, Packard, Palmer, Hosea W.
Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Peek, Pendleton, Aaron F.
Perry Eh Perry, Peters, Potter, Price, Prindle, Ran-
dall, Edward Y. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, Rogers, Sar-
ou  ; lawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon,
bneliabarger, Sherwood, Shober, Shoemaker, Sla-
ter, bloss, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, R.
