1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8775
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 2865) was received, and read a first and
second time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
■was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CENSUS TABLES.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee
on Printing, reported back the following con-
Current resolution of the Senate ; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concur-
ring,) That there be printed m muslin covers twelve
thousand copies of the first eight tables of the cen-
sus report, of which throe thousand shall be for the
use of the Senate, six thousand for the use of the
House of .Representatives, and three thousand for
fcho Census Bureau.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. PENDLETON also, from the same
committee, reported back the Senate amend-
ments to the following concurrent resolution
of the House:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed five thousand copies of the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office for 1870,
of which three thousand shall be for the use of tile
House, one thousand for the (Senate, and one thou-
sand tor the laud department.
Mr. PENDLETON. The amendments of
the Senate are to double the amount in each
case. The Committee on Printing recommend
concurrence in those amendments.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PENDLETON also, from the same
committee, reported the following concurrent
resolution ; which was read, considered, and
adopted:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ato concurring,) That there bo printed of the report
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office for
1871 eight thousand copies, of which four thousand
shall be for the use of tho House of Representatives,
two thousand lor tho Senate, and two thousand for
the land department.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SMITHSONIAN REPORTS.
Mr. PENDLETON also, from the same
committee, reported the following concurrent
resolution ; which was read, considered, and
adopted:
liesolved, (the Senate concurring,) That two thou-
sand copies of each of the reports of the Smithsonian
Institution, of which the stereotype plates are now
in tho Congressional Printing Office, be printed for
distribution by the Smithsonian Institution to libra-
ries, colleges, and public establishments.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGES ACROSS THE MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to ask unanimous
consent to report and put upon its passage a
a bill further regulating the construction of
bridges across the Mississippi river.
The bill, which was read for information,
provides that all bridges hereafter to be con-
structed over and across the Mississippi river,
under authority of any act of Congress, shall
be subject to all the terms, restrictions, and
requirements contained in the fifth section of
an act entitled "An act to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Mississippi
river at or near the town of Clinton, in the
State of Iowa, and other bridges across said
river, and to establish them as post roads,"
approved April 1, 1872; and in locating any
such bridge the Secretary of War is to have
regard to the security and convenience of nav-
igation, to convenience of access, and to the
wants of railways and highways crossing the
river.
Mr. FINEELNBURG. I hope the gentle-
man from Indiana will tell us what are the
provisions of the sections which this bill pro-
poses to extend.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is what I propose
to do.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
will also tell us how much money this bill will
take out of the Treasury.
Mr. SAWYER. Not any. It is all right.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the Clerk to read
the fifth section of the act of April 1, 1872.
The Clerk read as follows:
"That the structure herein authorized shall bo
built and located under and subject to such regula-
tions for tho security of navigation of such river as
the Secretary of War shall prescribe; and the said
structure shall bo at all times so kept and managed
as to oiler reasonable and proper means for the pas-
sage of vessels through or under said structure;
and the said structure shall bo changed at the ex-
pense of the owners thereot from tune to time as
Congress may direct, so as to preserve tho free and
convenient navigation of said rivor; and the author-
ity to ercct and continuesaid bridge shall be subject
to revocation or modification by law whenever the
publio good shall, in tho judgment of Congress, so
require, without any expense or charge to the United
States."
Mr. HAWLEY. Is that the section referred
to in the bill?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly. That was my
reason for having it read.
Mr. MAYNAliD. Will not the bill give a
job to some pet bridge-builder ?
Mr. HOLMAN. How? If it would, it
ought not to be passed.
Mr. MAYNALID. A pet bridge-builder
may say, " Here is a bridge that ought to be
changed."
Mr. HOLMAN. Some one must have
control of the location of these bridges and
their regulation with reference to the interests
of navigation. We propose to confer this
authority upon the Secretary of War. If the
gentleman from Tennessee can suggest any
better means of securing the interests of the
public than intrusting the matter to the engin-
eer department of the Army, the Committee
on Commerce will very gladly accede to his
suggestion.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not see that the
control of the matter can be in better hands
than those of the engineer department.
Mr. WELLS. I object to the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I had supposed it was for
the benefit of the gentleman's constituents.
ADMINISTRATION OF NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the
report of the select Committee to Investigate Charges
against the Navy Department be printed for the use
of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. POSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the com -
mittee had examined and found truly enrolled
bills of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 373) for the relief of J. Ross
Browne, late minister to China;
An act (S. No. 765) for the relief of the heirs
of the late Captain B. R. Perkins, of the Uni-
ted States Army;
An act (S. No. 881) to provide for the abate-
ment or repayment of taxes on distilled spirits
in bond destroyed by casualty; and
An act (S. No. 1062) to change the name
of the schooner La Pette to La Petite.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MERRIAM. I ask consent to report
for action at the present time a bill which has
been unanimously agreed to by the Committee
on Banking and Currency.
Mr. BECK. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called fOr, the question is upon the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole for the consideration of the
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN GARSED.
On motion of Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
the case of John Garsed.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, was
granted a leave of absence for the remainder
of this week.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House then resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of tho bill (H. R. No. 2705)
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will report
the pending amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strikeout the following::
For improvemcntof monument grounds, grading
road, walk, draining, purchase and hauling gravel
for walks and roads, tiees, and slnubs, as per plan,
$15,000; and said grounds shall be considered as
a portion of tho public grounds of the city of
Washington, and shall be under the control of
the onicer detailed by the chief engineer of the
Army to take charge of the public buildings and
grounds in the city of Washington, in conformity
with tho act of March 2, 1807.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
a word or two on the pending motion.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate is exhausted
on the pending amendment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, I move in line
one thousand and three to strike out " fifteen"
and insert "five," so as to reduce the appro-
priation from $15,000 to $5,000.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For completing improvements of La Fayette square,
93,500.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move after the
word "improvements," in line one thousand
and fifteen, to insert the words "and for the
care."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe we have reached
line one thousand and fifteen, which makes an
appropriation of $3,500 for La Fayette square.
Now, I wish to call the attention of the gen-
tleman from Ohio to the fact that we are
appropriating large sums for the supervision
of these public reservations.
The CHAIRMAN. What amendment does
the gentleman propose?
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to strike out the
entire paragraph.
Mr. Chairman, we are appropriating over
thirty thousand dollars a year for the supervis-
ion of these reservations. The gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Gaefiei.d,] chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, who is charged with
the management of this bill, must be awarethat
