1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Scott.
Senate.
Coming down nearer to the present time I
quote on this subject from a paper edited by a
most accurate and accomplished statistician,
Mr. Benjamin Bannan, of the Miners' Journal,
Pottsville, Pennsylvania, as follows :
" That the protective system is really the working-
man's question, is apparent from the following com-
parative table of wages per day in a western mill in
1871, and in England, goid being taken at 112:
W W g o K M fd
© p O C5 O
^ § I a a g- ~
: W £ i o o 2
CO 05 to cn 00 to
o5 -^r to o o zxf
co to ox m <o o
w to to to C*
P-5'
cu
02
El
3
oa
"Thus wages of those receiving highest, lowest,
and average rates are irom two to three and a halt
times in gold th'~>se paid in England. The few lads,
le^s than sixteen to eighteen in American mills—
and there arc ten boys in British mills to one m..aP
American—earn as much as many skilled hnglisn
workmen after seven years' service. Many of the
workmen in the mills of this country m 1869 Pa*d
income tax to the Government, thus showing their
earnings exceeded $l,000'per annum. .
" Tue comparison oi wages is even more striking
if given by the ton, than by the day. Thus, pud-
dlos received, in the western mill quoted, six dol-
lars per ton, gold, against &2 37, the average price
in England, and this gain to the foreign manutac-
turer oi £3 6o per ton on this single item, represent-
ing less than one third the cost of wages per ton, is
more than many of our manufacturers have as&cu.
as their piofit on a ton ot finished iron. .
"The average wagos at the close of 18/1, in .the
item of puddling, un the Atlantic coast oHIio United
States and in England, were: United states, cur-
rency, $6 75; gold, $o IS; gold cit 110^England
gold, $2 12; oxvetg in the United States. ?2 <6; and
this after un advance in England of twenty to twenty^
five per cent, m the rate ot wages during the year.
The Comroittee on Finance have been, hear-
ing statements of practical men, capitalists
and laborers, within the last, two months, and
the testimony is uniform from them all that
the point of contest between the manufactures
of other countries and our own lies in the
higher * aires paid here ; that a reduction ot
duty himply means a reduction of the wages
of labor.
Nor is thin confined to one locality or to
one iodushv. It will no longer be said^ with
truth that protection is a Pemisjlvama inter-
est, and that duties are asked onlyto put money
into the pockets of Pennsylvania monopolists.
The cultivators oi rice i'tom Georgia and the
Caroliuas come to us and say, u ^ o can no
longer soli rice at ante-war priees. *oi oui
labor now costs us more than it did beiore the
freedmen worked for wages; we want protec-
tion for that labor by keeping up the duties."
Virginia, too, comes, and hear what her citi-
zens say. 1 read from "the petition of a
committee of manufacturers of sumac of the
State of Virginia," asking that instead of put-
ting that article on the free list, as was at first
proposed by the reported bill, 44 an additional
duty of one cent per pound be imposed upon
it." They proceed to give their reasons, and
I .ask candid consideration for the arguments
presented from south of Mason and Dixon's
line in favor of free labor as well as for the
facts they state, which are better than reams
of speculations. They say, after the introduc-
tory words of their petition : *
"Before the war, the consumption of domestic
sumac was inconsiderable, the impression prevail-
ing extensively that the American was inferior to
the imported article. This false impression is justly
to be attributed to the then imperfect mode of grind-
ing and preparing the domestic article, the low price
at which the foreign article could be purchased
forbidding the outlay for the necessary improved
machinery to prepare sumac at home. The war
brought the necessity for our making use of our na-
tive product, and the advancing premium on gold
acted as a protective tariff. The impression that
American sumac was inferior to the foreign was
demonstrated to be erroneous. The trade began to
thrive; hundreds of thousands of dollars, before
sent abroad to enrich the foreign producer, were
invested in the development of our own resources.
" With the decline of gold, however, this trade has
for some time past languished, until at present there
is just apprehension that it will wholly cease to be
remunerative. Many of the largest manufacturers
are ready to sell out their mills, and give attention
to some remunerative branch of industry. Your peti-
tioners, therefore, respectfully urge that an addi-
tional duty of one cent per pound be placed on for-
eign Sumac, for the following reasons:
"1. By a lair, though moderate protection, the
machinery, already much improved by the circum-
stances already named, may be justly expected to
produce an artiqle on our own soil in every respect
equal, for its various purposes in the useful arts, to
any imported from Europe.
"2. The production of the raw material at home,
comparatively trifling before the war, but now reach-
ing the amount of more than fifteen thousand tons
annually, or more than one half of our whole esti-
mated consumption, gives occupancy to a very large
number of freedmen, and of the poorest class of
white citizens, chiefly in Virginia."
Now comes the reason from "Virginia.
"This occupancy will entirely fail them if the
duty be removed, as the cheaper labor in s6uthern
Europe will secure thesendingin of large quantities
to this country. . §
"3. The consumer will not be injured, but bene-
fitted. by our protection, for the competition of the
American article, under the skill we have used m
its nreparation, has already caused a decline in the
price of the foreign.. The want of the protection we
ask will again raise its value."
Here are facts which those who cry
"monopoly" ought to consider:
" 4. The protcctivo tariff we ask is by no means
large, in consideration of its being the only possible
means of our improving and developing this import-
ant and growing branch of Amencan industry.
Brave words, these, and sound arguments,
from the Old Dominion, the mother of Presi-
dents and statesmen. She has breathed the
air of freedom for seven years, and now dis-
tinctly avows that her iree labor shall not be
deprived of employment and fair wages by the
cheaper woik of the sumac-gatherers of Sicily
and Italy. This is not the voice only of her
manufacturers, for her Legislature has recently
passed resolutions asking the same thing.
That is my information.^ t
Missouri, too, and Illinois, Utah, and Colo-
rado, cry out in tones which will hereafter give
a new note to those who have heretofore played
the free trade hurdy-gurdy upon the one string
and to the one note oi " pig iron. '* Pig
iron sounding familiarly as it does now not
only in Pennsylvania, but in Maryland. Ohio.
Indiana, Tennessee, Georgia, Alabama, Michi-
gan, Wisconsin, Illinois, and Missouri, has
found its twin " pig," and '• pig lead ' will
resound around the Iron mountain and 1 llot
Knob in Missouri, will be heard amid the clan-
gor of the sixty-live thousand tons of pig metal
and the ninety-one thousand tons ot rails last
year produced in Illinois, will keep on its west-
ward way and echo amid the Rocky mountains,
in Colorado, Utah, and Nevada, where the
hardy miners protest against their galena
being thrown out of a home market by low
duties on " pig lead."
Wisconsin and Michigan, too, are heard, and
the murmur of their pine forests brings us the
same petition that comes from the lowly sumac
bushes of Virginia, '' Protect our lumber from
the low wages that prevail across the border."
But it is not only in the rough work of the
forest, the forge, and the mine that labor is
asking for protection. New Jersey came with
her samples of silk, and from the mouths of
the laborers whose skill had woven them we
learned the same truth that was urged by her
other sous who are skillful in the manufacture
of glass and of earthenware, that the choice
presented to us was to receive and pay for the
products of the cheap and ignorant labor of
foreign lands or to protect the better paid and
intelligent labor of our own.
We had before us, Mr. President, in that
committee, a laborer who learned his trade
in England, who worked at Macclesfield, and
who came to Paterson, New Jersey, and is
now there engaged in the manufacture of silk.
I wish that the manner of his testimony could
be witnessed and the whole matter of it heard
before this whole Senate. I was struck with
the man's intelligence, with his practical
knowledge, and with his frankness, and took
down a few detached sentences as he went on
giving his plain, unvarnished story. What
were they ? He said:
" The wages at Macclesfield, where Iworked, were:
weavers averaged weekly in lSSij Is. 6d.; girls, 2s. 8d. ;
my own girl got that then. In Paterson, New Jcz-
sey, she now receives six dollars per week. I would,
have then been better pleased to send her to school,
but I could not. Our poorest meals here would
have been sumptuous fare there. We seldom had
animal food, and worked fifty-eight hours per week.
Prosperous times in England make it better now.
Young women get now per week five shillings;
women, nine to ten shillings; men now get fifteen
to sixteen shillings. My savings here are equal to
what my earnings were in England, after enjoying
here throe times the comforts we got there."
That is the story, Mr. President; and we
are asked 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend permit
me on that point to read to the Senate a con-
densed statement of one of England's most
I celebrated philosophers and artists, Mr. John
i Ruskin, in one of the recent lectures npon the
j topic of English labor that he delivered there,
I which is perfectly apposite to what my friend
I is saying:
i "Though England is deafened with spinning-
! wheels, her people havo not clothes; though she is
■ black with the digging ot fuel, they die ot cold; ana
j though she has sold her soul for gain, they die of
i hunger."
| Mr. SCOTT. I thank the Senator from Yes-
mont for giving me the apposite quotation.
' It lies just iu that, Mr. President. Ihis man
1 tells the whole story of our country—better
| wages, and in their train education, enjoy-
I ment of the comforts of life, self-respect, man-
i hood, good citizenship. Here lies the secret
1 of that vast volume of immigration constantly
| pouring from the Old World into the New.
| The payment of the weekly wages of the man-
' ufactories and workshops ot this country bur-
dens our foreign mails, and causes the ocean
cable to throb with the glad news to the loved
• ones left behind that money can be saved to
, bring them here to this better land for the
. laborer. ,
This man was the representative ot an in-
dustry whose history in Ijjtigland we might
follow with interest and profu. As we are
asked by the petitions from which 1 have
quoted, and to some extent by the bill which
is reported, to strike down all such industries
by letting in the products of cheap labar, let
me quote, at the risk of beiug tedious, how
