1984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 26,
reported that there were thirty-five in the
affirmative.
So (the affirmative being more than one
fifth of the last full vote) the yeas and nays
were ordered.
The question was then taken upon the amend •
ment moved by Mr. Beatty to the motion of
Mr, Kerr ; and there were—yeas 28, nays 142,
not voting 70 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Archer, Arthur, Beatty. Beck,
Campbell, Davis, Du Bose, Duke, Garrett, Hambie-
ton, Hancock, Hibbard, Kerr, King, Leach, Mc-
Neely, Merrick, Niblaek, Kitchie, Slater, Storm,
Swann. Terry, Dwight Townsend, Van Trump, Wil-
lard, Winchester, and Young—28.
NAYS-—Messrs. Acker, Avenll, Barber, Barry,
Bell. Beveridge, Bigby, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair,
Braxton, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton,
Burchard, Burdett, Caldwell, C'oburn, Coghlan,
Conger, Conner, Cotton, Cox,Crebs, Creely, Crocker,
Darrall, Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, Dox, Duell, l)un-
nell, Eames, Eldredge, Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth,
J?inkelnburg, Charles Ifobter, Henry D. Foster, "Wil-
der D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Getz, Golladay, Good-
rich, Griffith, Haldeman, Hale, llandiey. Hanks,
Harmer, Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris,
Hawley, Hay,, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W.
Hazelton, Herndon, Hill, Hoar, Houghton, Kelley,
Kendall, Ketcham, Killinger, Lamison, Lansing,
Lewis, Lowe, Manson, Marshall, Maynard, McClel-
land, McCrary, McGrew, McIIenry, Mclntyre, Mc-
Junkin, McKinney, Mercur, Merriam, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Mitchell, Monroe, Morey, Negley, Orr,
Packard, Palmer, Ilosca W. Parker, Isaac 0. Parker,
Peck, Pendleton. Eli Perry, Peters, Poland, Pottfir,
Prmdle, Randall, Ellis II.Roberts, William K.Rob-
erts, lloosovelt, Sargeut, Sawyer, Scofieid, Sessions,
Shanks, Sheldon, Sherwood. Shober.Sloss, II. Board-
man Smith, John A. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Thomas
J. Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens, Steven-
son, Stoughton Stowell, Sutherland, Sypher, Taffe,
Washington Townsend, Turner, Tyner, Upson,
Vaughan, Waddell, Wakeman, Walden, waldron,
Wheeler, Whitthorne, Williams of Indiana, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—142.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Banks, Barnurn, Bingham, James G. Blair, Boles,
Bright, James Brooks, Benjamin F. Butler, Roder-
ick R. Butler, Carroll, William T. Clark, Freeman
Clarke, Cobb, Commgo, Critcher, Crossland, De
Large, Farwell, Forker, Halsey, Havens, Hereford,
Holman, Hooper, Kellogg, Kmsella, Lamport,
Lynch, McCormiok, McKee, Moore, Morgan, Mor-
phis, Leonard Myers, Packer, Perce, Aaron F. Perry,
Piatt, Porter, Price, Rainey, Head, Edward Y. lliee,
John M. Rice, Robinson, Rogers, Rusk, Seelcy,
Shellabargor, Shoemaker, Slocum, Worthington 0.
Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Strong, St. John, Thomas,
TuthiU, Twiehell, Voorhees, Wallace, Walls, War-
ren, Wells, Whiteley, Williams of Now York, and
Wood—70.
So the amendment of Mr. Beatty was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Kerr, that the House take a recess until seven
o'clock p. ra.
On the motion there were—ayes 44, noes 81.
Mr. KERR. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 31, nays 129, not votio?
80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Arthur, Boatty, Beck.
Jamesv*. Blair, Campbell, Coghlan, Crossland,Davis,
Du Bpse, Hambleton, Hancock,Herndon, Kerr.Kinff.
Leach, McCormick, McNeely, Niblack, Potter, Ed-
ward Y. llice, Ritchie. William 11. Roberts, Slater,
Storm, Swann Terry, Van Trump, Warren, Willaid,
and Young—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Avorill, Barber, Bell, Bev-
endge, Bigby, Biggs, Austin Blair, Braxton, George
M. Brooks, Buck oy, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett,
Caldwell, Carroll, Conger, Conner, Cotton, Cox
u-eely. Crocker, Dickey, Donnan, Dox, Duell, Dun-
nell, Lames, Lldredgo, Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell
Finke nbnrg. Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye
Garfaeld, Garrett, Getz, Golhtduy, Griffith, Haldeman.
Hale, Handley, Hanks, Ilarmer, Harper, George E.
Harris, John T. Harris, llawley, Hay, Hays, Gerry
W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hibbard, Hill,
iloar, Hooper, Houerhton, Kelley, Kondal], Killin-
gor Lansmg, Leww, Lowe, Marshall, Maynard,
McUelJand, McCrary, McGrew, McHonry, Mcln-
tyre, McJunkin, Mercur, Merriam, Benjamin F
Meyers, Mitchell, Monroe, Morey, Orr, Packard'
Palmer, liosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Peck*
Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Peters!
Poland, Price, Prindle, Randall, Ellis H Roberts
Rogers. Roosevelt, Sargent, Sawyer. Scofieid, Ses-
sions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellaburger, Sherwood
fehober,Slocum, Sloss, John A. Smith, R. Milton
Speer, Thomas J. Speei, Sprague, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, Washing-
W11 Turner, Tyner, Upson, Vaughan,
Waddell, Wakeman, Walden, Wheeler, Whit-
thorne, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New
1 ork, and Wood—129.
NOl VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler,
isanks, Larnum, Bany, Bingham, Bird, Boles,
; Pgot'1/1ii,ne3i,.r0,° ts' Jtjcnjamin F. Butler, Roder-
ick K. JButier, William X. Clark, Freeman Clarke,
Cobb, Coburn, Comingo, Crebs, Oritohor, Darrall,
Dawes, De Large. Duke, Elliott, Forker, Henry D.
Foster, Goodrich, Halsey, Havens. Hereford, Holman,
Kellogg, Ketcham, Kinsella, Ijaimgoii, Lamport,
Lynch,Ma nson, McKee. McKinney, Merrick, Moore,
Morgan, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Packer,
Perce, Piatt, Porter, Rainey, Ilead, John M. Rice,
Robinson, Rusk, Soeley, Shoemaker, II. Boardman
Smith,Worthington C. Smith,Snapp. Snyder.Strong,
St. John, Sutherland, Sypher, Taffe, Thomas. Dwight
Townsend, Tuthill, Twiehell, Voorhees, Waldron,
Wallace, Walls, Wells, Whiteley, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, JohnT. Wilson, and Winchester—80.
Mr. KERR. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
On the motion there were—ayes60, noes 97.
Mr. KERR. I call for tellers.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. STARKWEATHER and Mr. DICKEY.
Let us have the yeas and nays.
Mr. KERR. Are we not entitled to tellers ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore,. The call for
the yeas and nays takes precedence of the call
for tellers.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BECK. I move that the House now
adjourn; and on that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 50, nays 109, not voting
81 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Arthur, Beatty, Beck,
James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, Caldwell, Davis,
Du Bose. Duke, Ely, Finkelnburg, Garfield, Ham-
bleton, Hancock, Handley, George E. Harris, John
I. Harris, Hay, Herndon, Hibbard, Kerr, Kmg,
Leach, Lewis, Lowe, Manson, Marshall, McGrew,
McHenry, Mclntyre, McNeely, Merrick, Niblack,
Poland, Potter, iiead, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts,
Slater, Storm, Swann, Terry, Dwight Townsend,
Upson, Van Trump, Warren, Whitthorne, and
WiUard—50.
NAYS —Messrs. Acker, Averill, Barber, Bell,
Beveridge, Bigby, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, George
M.Brooks, Buckley, Bufflnton, Burchard, Burdett,
Conger, Conner, Creely, Crocker, Darrall, Dickey,
Donnan, Dox, Duell, Dunnell, Eaines, Elliott,
tarnsworth, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster Wil-
dwV' l^ter, Frye, Getz, Golladay, Goodrich,
Griffith, Haldeman, Hale, Hanks, Harper, Hawley
Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton. Hill,
Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kendall, Lami-
son, Lansing Maynard, McClelland, McCormick,
McCrary, Mercur, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morey
Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard, Palmer,
liosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton
Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Peters, Price, Prindle,
Kandall, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sargent, Sawyer, Sco-
neld, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabnrgcr,
bherwood, bhober, Slocum, John A. Smith R
Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevens Stovcnson, Stoughton, Stowell,
bypher, lane, Washington Townsend, Turner,Tyner
Vaughan Wakeman. Walden, Waldron, Wallace,
Whiteley, Williams of Indiana,
Williams of New York, and Jeremiah M Wil-
son—109.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Hanks, Barnum, Barry, Bingham, Boles, Oamos
.brooks, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler
Campbell Carroll, William T. Clark, Freeman
Clarke, -Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan, Commgo, Cotton,
U)X, Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Dawes, De Larce
Eldredge, larwell, Forker, Garrett. Halsey, Hlr-
mer. Havens, Hereford, Holman, Kellosrg, Ketcham,
Kilhnser, KinseiU, Lamport, Lynch, McJunkin
McKee, McKinney, Merriam. Mitchell, Monroe
Moore Morgan, Morphis, Packer, Peck. Perce.
i!att- Pprtor.Rajney, Edward Y. Rico, John M.
Rice, Wilhain 11. Roberts, Robinson, Rusk, Seeley,
bhoeraaker, Sloss, H. Boardman Smith. Worthing-
ton C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Strong, St. John,
w I'wichell, Voorhees.
*\ddell, W alls, JohnT. Wilson, Winchester, Wood
and Young~81. .
80 the House refused to adjourn.
comptroller of the currency.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, I am instructed by the Committee
on Banking and Currency to report to the
House the testimony taken in investigating
the causes of failures of national banks, to-
gether with a resolution adopted by the com-
mittee. And I am further instructed by the
committee to ask that the resolution be read,
laid on the table, and printed, with the testi-
niony submitted. I ask no action ou the reso-
lution at this time.
I lie Clerk read the resolution, as follows :
Resolved. From the evidence taken thus far
belore the Committee on Banking and Currency in
regard to the failures ot national banks.it is the
judgment ol the committee that thesucceasful man-
agement of the Currency Bureau requires a change
in the officer at the head of that department.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
if that is the unanimous report of the Commit-
tee on Banking and Currency?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It is not
a unanimous report.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the gentleman
from Massachusetts will state the vote on the
resolution in committee if he states anything.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not wish
to draw out in detail the proceedings of the
committee.
Mr, RANDALL. He should state all if he
states any.
Mr. BIRD. I object to the reception of the
report.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts propose to have action on the
resolution now ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I do not.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to make an inquiry
of my colleague.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made to
the reception of the resolution, it is not before
the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I understand
the objection is withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
reception of the report 1
Mr. BIRD. I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. There being no further
objection, the resolution is now before tho
House.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to inquire if the com-
mittee arrived at this resolution alter giving
the Comptroller notice of what they were
doing, so that he could have an opportunity to
be heard before this report was made?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I do not
know how far it is proper to report to the
House what occurred in committee. I have
reported the resolution by direction of the
committee, and the rules of the House forbid
me from going into any detailed statement of
the proceedings in the committee-room.
Mr. DAWES. I do not ask that, but only
whether the Comptroller had notice and oppor-
tunity to be heard in his defense ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. He has
not had opportunity to be heard in his own
behalf.
Mr. DAWES. Do I understand my col-
league to say that the Comptroller has not had
opportunity to appear?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. He has
been before the committee.
Mr. RANDALL. And heard every word
of the testimony.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. But he
never had opportunity to reply or address the
committee in his own behalf.
Mr. DAWES. Then I understand he never
bad opportunity to reply or address the com-
mittee in his own behalf?
Mr. RANDALL. He was present at every
meeting he ought to have been at.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the resolution, with the accompanying
testimony, be laid upon the table and ordered
to be printed, to come before the House for
future action.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And to be recom-
mitted.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts.
not wish it recommitted.
The motion of Mr. Hooper, of Massachu-
setts, was agreed to.
Mr. SIARKWEATHER. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
• Tbe,rao,trion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly the House (at tour o'clock and fifteen
minutes p. m.) adjourned.
No, I do
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARTHUR: The petition of H. C.
