1088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
were not complied with, and hence, according
to my understanding, the appropriation lapsed
and fell dead. Now, I want to know if this
is not the case: that since the new organiza-
tion in this District an appropriation of $90,000
has been made on the part of the District of
Columbia, and it is now sought to revive the
appropriation made by Congress, the condi-
tions of which were not complied with.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I think I can
explain the matter satisfactorily. A bill was
passed by Congress providing for building a
new jail in, this District, and in that bill it was
provided that the District of Columbia, then
comprising the old city corporations of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, should furnish $90,000
toward the building of the jail. The Secre-
tary of the Interior, in a communication to this
House, under date of January 11, 1872, makes
the following statements:
"Congress, by an aot approved July 25, 1866,
(United States Statutes, vol. 14, p. 231,) authorized
the construction of a jail in and for the District of
Columbia, and directed the Secretary of the Interior
to select a suitable site therefor, 'on some of the
public grounds belonging to the Government io the
city of Washington/ By the fourth section of said
act the sum of $200,000,' to bo drawn on the order
of the Secretary of the Interior,' was appropriated
for the purpose, and by the sixth section the city of
Washington, theoity of Georgetown, and the county
of Washington were required 'to raise, by tax or
otherwise, and pay into the Treasury of the United
States, at or before the time of completion of said
jaii,' the sums of $70,000, $20,000, and $10,000, respect-
ively. The act of Congress approved llaroh 2,1867,
(Ibta., 428,) repeals so much of said sixth section as
relates to the respective sums to be raised and paid
into the Treasury by the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, and requires the sum of 878,000 to be so
raised and paid in by the former city, and the sum
of $12,000 by the latter." s * * * *
" Mr. Secretary Browning drew upon the appro-
priation made by the act of July 25,1866, requisi-
tions amounting to $30,194 48, of whieh the sum of
$14,987 85 was applied by the then disbursing agent
of the jail to his own uses. I understand that he is
now undergoing trial in this city upon a criminal
indictment for said defalcation. Mr. Secretary Cox
drew requisitions for $661 90 to pay for advertise-
ments ordered by his predecessor. The balance of
the appropriation on hand, therefore, is $169,143 62,
and it is applicable only to the erection of the
building."
That was done when the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown were acting aa two dis-
tinct municipal corporations. A contract was
made and some work was done, and $30,000
of the appropriation was used. The old organ-
izations here in this District entered into an
arrangement and agreement to furnish $90,000
when called upon. The appropriation has not
been coversd into the Treasury, for the reason
that the work has already been commenced.
It is an existing appropriation; it was an
appropriation under the old government of
this District, and is an existing appropriation
under the present Distrietgovernment. When
the new District government was organized it
succeeded to the same rights and the same
liabilities that pertained to the old corpora-
tions of the eitiesof Georgetown and Wash-
ington. This being an old appropriation
under the old organization in this District,
and a part of it having been expended on this
work, it has not been covered into the Treas-
ury, but is still an existing appropriation under
the new District government. This hill. sim-
ply provides that so far as that appropriation
is concerned, a part of it having been expended,
it shall stand and remain uncovered into the
Treasury, and the new District government
shall ge> on, as required by its organie act, and
complete itspartof the stipulation. No addi-
tional appropriation is made; no change is
proposed as to the appropriation already made;
and the obligation of the new government of
this District is precisely the same as the obli-
gation resting upon the old municipal corpora-
tions of Georgetown and Washington. In no
respect is the relation between the old and
the new District government, or between the
national Government and the new District
government, proposed to be changed by this
bill.
Mr. MOORE. I desire to state to the gen-
tleman from Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather]
that it is alleged that a portion of this appro-
priation has already been expended for some
other purpose than the one designed by Con-
gress in making the appropriation, and that
having thus been expended upon another
work, the further progress of that work has
been suspended, it is alleged that a portion
of the $90,000 that was to be forthcoming on
the part of the District of Columbia has been
expended upon a certain stone-work which I
understand the District of Columbia has now
abandoned; that a portion of that money has
already been squandered.
Mr. CREBS. My colleagne [Mr. Moore]
is laboring under a misapprehension to a cer-
tain extent as I understand this bill. In 1866
an appropriation was made by Congress of
$200,000 for the purpose of constructing a
jail in this District; and by that act it was
required that the city of Washington, the city
of Georgetown, and the county of Washing-
ton should raise and pay into the Treasury of
the United States the sum of $100,000, or one
half of the amount of the appropriation. By
a subsequent act, passed in 1867, the county
of Washington was relieved from the payment
of the $10,000 required of it by the act of
1866, and the city of Georgetown was required
to pay $12,000 and the city of Washington
$78,000, making $90,000, into the Treasury of
the United States. But the first appropriation
of $200,000 by the national Government was
an absolute appropriation for the construction
of a new jail in this District, and that appro-
priation was placed under the control of the
Secretary of the Interior. The Secretary of
the Interior now reports that some thirty thou-
sand dollars of that appropriation has been
drawn and used for this purpose, and that the
balance of the appropriation is still subject to
the construction of this work.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The balance of
which money—that supplied by the Govern-
ment of the United States, or that supplied by
the District of Columbia?
Mr. CREBS. The money appropriated by
the United States. The entire appropriation
was by the Government of the United States.
Of that amount the District was required to
pay back at first one half, or $100,000, and
subsequently $30,000. Of that appropriation
by the United States the sum of $80,000 has
been drawn, and the work of building the new
jail was commenced. For some reason the
work was stopped, the intention being, how-
ever, at the time to stop it only temporarily.
But the work has not been resumed from that
time to this for some reason, I do not know
what; and the Secretary of the Interior thinks
he has not authority to go ahead without an
act of this kind.
One word further. All that this bill pro-
vides_ ig that instead of the Secretary of the
Interior having charge of this work, as pro-
vided by the former act, the Governor of the
District and a judge of the supreme court
shall superintend it; and if they are not satis-
fied witli the location already selected for the
jail, they are authorized to select another;
but the appropriation is to be limited to the
amount appropriated in 1866 for this work.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Then, if I under-
stand correctly, the money already appropri-
ated cannot be used unless this bill is passed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The gentleman
is mistaken.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Crebs] so stated.
Mr. CREBS. The report of the Secretary
of the Interior,which is now before the House,
shows that there is on hand for the boilding
of this work a balance of the original appro-
priation amounting to $170,000.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The Secretary says
that in his opinion he has no authority to use
the money.
Mr. CREBS. He does not say he has no
authority to use it, but he asks the further
action of Congress. So fur as I am concerned,
I see no reason why he eannot goon under the
previous law as it stands. It is unrepealed.
It stands upon the statute-books just as it
stood immediately after its passage. Nothing
has since intervened to prevent the Secretary
of the Interior from going ahead with this
work under the law as then passed, but for
some reason he does not choose to do so.
Mr. MOORE. Mr. Speaker  
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I resume the
floor, and yield to the gentleman from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Poland.]
Mr. POLAND. 1 think from the inquiries
put by my friend from Illinois [Mr. Moore]
that he has not studied the subject very
much.
Mr. MOORE. We are studying it now.
Mr. POLAND. A law was passed author-
izing the building of a jail in this District,
the site to be selected by the Secretary of
the Interior, and an appropriation of $200,000
was made to build it. It was provided that
when the jail should be completed 3100,000
of the expenditure should be repaid by the
District,'$70,000 by the city of Washington,
$20,000by the city of Georgetown, and $10,000
by the county. An amendatory act was sub-
sequently passed reducing the sum to be re-
funded to $90,000.
As the act stood the Secretary of the Inte-
rior was to seleet- the site, provide plans and
specifications, and go forward with the build-
ing of this jail, for which $200,000 was appro-
priated, the several divisions of the District
reimbursing a certain portion of the amount.
The Secretary selected a site, and had plans
and specifications prepared. A contract was
let. Very great dissatisfaction grew up in
reference to the location selected. I think
that was probably the foundation of the diffi-
culty, aud the reason the work was stopped.
But there were also charges that there was
some fraud about the contract, and an investi-
gation was ordered by Congress. The princi-
pal contractor was a Mr. Allen, who went on
and did considerable work. Thirty thousand
dollars, as I understand, of this appropria-
tion was expended upon that work. Then
a resolution was adopted by this House pro-
viding that the work should be suspended for
forty days; and meanwhile this investigation
went on. Nothing was ever done by any aet
or resolution of Congress requiring the work
to be stopped except the suspension for forty
days. But after that suspension, Secretary
Harlan, and, after him, Secretaries Cox and
Delano, said, that inasmuch, as Congress had
taken this matter in hand and stopped the
work, they would not take the responsibility
of resuming it unless upon some new direction
or action by Congress. Nothing has been
expended. No appropriation in point of fact
was ever made by the old government of the
District of Columbia, nor has any been made
by the new government. It is not required
by the original aet to appropriate money till
the jail is built.
The difficulty originally was in reference to
location. However suitable and proper the
location may have been, the Secretary of the
Interior has declined to go forward with it.
There was very great dissatisfaction expressed
in reference to the location selected by the
Secretary, and therefore he wanted some direc-
tion from Congress in reference to this ques-
tion of location. We now provide, and that
is all the change we make in the location,
that the location shall be selected by the Sec-
retary of the Interior in conjunction with the
Chief Justice and the Governor of the District
of Columbia, making them a board to exam-
ine into the matter and fix upon the proper
location. With the change of the form of
government in this District, as the old cor-
porations have gone out of legal existence,
we provide that the obligations whieh rested
on the old government shall be ended with
them.
Mr. MOORE. I should like to ask the gen-
