1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Scott.
Senate.
1870, was $1,211,322; from December 31 to
July 1, 1871, $2,046,311. The tons imported
in 1870 were 157,215, and in eight months of
1871,158,660, or more than for the whole year
of 1870.
Now, how as to price? When that duty was
reduced it was selling at from $30 to $32 or
$32 to $34 per ton, according to quality. To-
day it is selling at from $40 to $42 and from
$42 to $44 for the same qualities.. Consult
the markets in New York, Pittsburg, Phila-
delphia, and Boston—I have the quotations
here, but will not take the time to read them—
and you will find that the promised reduction
of $2 a ton to the people has resulted in an
increase of from eight to ten dollars per ton.
That decrease of duty prevented competition
at home. Foreign demand put up the price.
We could not supply the additional demand,
and there is the first consequence of this ap-
proach to free trade. That i put as a prac-
tical answer to the allegation in the free-
traders' petition that the people pay the addi-
tional duty to the manufacturers instead of
into the Treasury. If that be the result of
free trade the people will determine for them-
selves which they prefer—pig iron reduced by-
competition, or pig iron put up to $44 per ton
by a free-trade theory carried mto practice by
a reduction of the tariff. By reducing the
duty $2 a ton, they succeeded in putting up
the price from eight or ten dollars.
This experience in pig iron, the scape-goat
upon which free-traders pile all the sins of
protection, serves as a practical refutation of
their theories as to all protected interests.
So I might proceed with coal. It is urged
that the duty of $1 25 per tou on bituminous
coal is added to the cost, and that every ton
of either bituminous oranthraeiteconsumedin
the country pays that additional $1 25. Such is
the allegation of this free-trade petition. Let
me state now the enormity of the proposition.
Look at the statistics in regard to coal. The
Coal Register for 1871 shows that the annual
product of 1870 was, anthracite sent to market,
15.368,437 tons ; home consumption, 3,847,876
tons, making a total of 19,211,313 tons of an
thracite. Ot bituminous coal there were, with-
out giving the details, 14,9(58,465 tons, making
the whole product of coal for that year 34,179,-
778 tons. The free-traders argue that the
people paid to the jproducers of coal, under the
system of duties, about forty-two million dol-
lars of tribute, urging that that duty of $1 25
was paid upon every ton. If this were so,
there would be reason for complaint; but let
us see whether it is true or not. In the year
that tariff bill wen t into effect—1860—fixing the
duty at $1 25, the average price of bituminous
coal was $8 54 per ton m Boston, and of
anthracite m Philadelphia was $5 80 per ton. I
have before me the price of'coal in New York
on the 31st of January last, as follows:
"iSiKW York, January 31.
" One hundred and twenty thousand tons ot Scran-
ton co:! t were^oid ut auction to-day. The following
prices ootaincd show a considerable dccline^ from
last month: iump coal, 8.000 tons at 5*335 to 4^?;
stoamboiit. '',(>00 tons at ?o 70 to §3 85; grate, 19.U00
tons at SO 55 to 75; egg, 18,000 tons at S3 45 to
S3 60: stone. 50.000 tons ;it S4 05 to $4 17i; chestnut,
lii.UOO tons at &3 30 to S3 45."
I he average pi ice of bituminous coal in
Boston for the year 1871 was $0 54. These
figures speak for themselves as to the duty
increasing prices.
But I wish now to come to the other point,
about the $1 25 that is put on every ton. Mr.
President. 1 have a proposition to make on
this subject. I have before me the cost of
muling bituminous coal, and it is upon that the
duly exists. The mining costs seventy cents
per ton ; it takes twenty-live cents a ton to pay
the other expenses of surperititeudence, cars,
&c., and twenty-five* cents a ton is paid for
royalty, making $1 20 as the cost of the coal
at the mouth ot the mine. It is now alleged
that $1 25 is added to that for the produce
upon every ton that is taken to market. Now,
sir, if this Free-Trade League be the benevo-
lent organization which it pretends to be, if it
wishes to relieve the people of this country from
this oppressive taxation, I feel authorized by
the statements of responsible men who are in
the bituminous coal business to say that every
ton of bituminous coal mined in the Cumber-
land region, in the Broad Top region, in the
Alleghany mountain region, in the valley of
the Monongahela and the Ohio, will be deliv-
ered at the mouth of the mine to the Free-
Trade League, if they take the contract "for
the whole of it for the year 1872, at $1 50 per
ton. Take the cost of $1 20 at the mouth of
the mine; take the cost of transportation, fix
it at the market price at Philadelphia, at New
York, at Boston, or at any other point, and
no room is left for this $1 25 that these peti-
tions allege is paid by the consumers to the
producers. The producers themselves will
deliver the coal at the mouth of the mine at
the price of $1 50 per ton, being just thirty
cents over the cost of mining, royalty, and
superintendence, leaving the rest for taxes,
accidents, and contingencies. There is an
opportunity for the Free-Trade League to give
practical affect to its alleged benevolent feel-
ings toward the tax-payers of this country.
So I might go on with every other article in
this bill-; but 1 will not'do so. You may take
them all up: you may take up lumber, pig
lead, rice, cotton, and wooleus, and other
articles that are in this bill, and upon which
it is proposed to reduce the duties, and the
history of all of them shows that the imposi-
tion of duties, not excepting those on woolens,
or cotton, or iron, or steel, gives to the people
to-day those products cheaper than they were
in 1860, before the opening of the war. It is
the competition that brings them down. What
is there in this cry of "monopoly?" They
want the duty off for the purpose of bringing
in foreign goods. They say that our manu-
facturers have a monopoly, and that when
they have monopoly they put up the price; but
the theory which they advocate is to destroy
our own manufactories, stop them, and give
the foreign manufacturer a monopoly, thus
making a distinction between American human
nature and British human nature, casting an
insult upon the American manufacturer, and
paying a compliment to the British manufac-
turer, which neither his nature nor his history
has ever deserved.
Sir, he entered into the war against free
labor in this country. We fought against his
Alabamas on the sea and the southern foe of
free labor on the laud, and having conquered
on the sea and oil the land, are we to surrender
to hiui now and place the industries of our
country at his mercy, rather than in the hands
of our own citizens, even if that were the
choice? Is it true that if American manu-
facturers commanded the market they would
oppress and rob their fellow citizens? Is it
true that if the Biitish manufacturer com-
manded the market he would be so benevolent-
as to give them goods at first cost? No,
Mr. President, there is nothing in it but this
one question of labor. AU opinions, free
.trade and protective, however they may rea-
son, reveal, if closely scrutinized, that the
whole question is one of labor.
I have here a very interesting letter written
to me by a venerable correspondent on this
subject, a man of large intelligence and'lib-
eral views, in which he gives his experience,
from 1812 down to the present time, m regard
to the various troubles and revulsions of 1837,
1817. and 1857. Without quoting him in full,
but glad to add the testimony of one who has
lived an a'ctive business life for more than half
a century to the knowledge of those who are
now willing to let well enough alone, 1 adopt
his language to express my own opinions.
He says:
" In the compromise act of 1833 we had an ijlus-
trafcion ot the working of a percentage redaction in
duties on imports and of its disastrous results and
in my judgment, we should pause for a long 'while
before trying: it over again.
" Although our present tariff is in the main highly
protective, it is not in any fair sense at ail prohibit-
ory. Our lm portations are larger than ever before
our laboring people and artisans of all sorts have
full employment at good wages; they aro well clad,
well housed; their children receiving the benefits
of education, and within the circle of my observa-
tion, which ia a pretty large one, X do not find any
who complain of the taxation paid under the tariff.
If at present it raises too much revenue, increase the
free hst still further by including in it tea and coffee,
which are the necessaries, not the luxuries, of the
poor and the laboring. The new movement for
so-called revenue reform comes chiefly from avowed
free-traders and from manufacturers whose estab-
lishments have been built up by protection, but who
now feel so strong that they think themselves able
to bear foreign competition, and desire to shut out
all others from building mills &c., where they would
be the centers of life and profit for a surrounding
population. I would prefer a repeal of all our inter-
nal taxes, except those on tobacco, maltand spirit-
uous liquors, to any modification of the tariff, and I
believe such repeal would give more real relief to
the people, and be. hailed with more joy, than any
assault on the tariff.
".From an experience now of more than half a
century in the business of this country, I am con-
vinced that adherence to the protective system is as
important to the healthy existence of the country,
both financially and morally, as the circulation of
the blood is to the human body. I have witnessed
departures from it in 1833, 1846,1857, and saw also
what came from the war of 1812, which was corrected
by the tariffs of 1824 and 1828. and in every case we
had the prostration of our industry, agricultural as
well as manufacturing, national discredit, (almost
national bankruptcy,) individual bankruptcy, repu-
diation and ruin. By every return to the protective
policy we have had prosperity, national and individ-
ual. "We have seen what it has done for us in the
last eight 'years since the war, and let us not depart
from it at the suggestion of a few wild theorists of
the free-trade school, or of those whose whole inter-
est, personal and political, is with Europe, and more
especially now with Great Britain.
"It is very plausible to say 'Buy where you can
get cheapest and sell where you can get the best
price/ but every one knows thatour wheat and corn
are only in limited demand in England as a regular
thing, while their cloth and iron are daily needs
unless we shall have them of our own production.
The New England revenue reformer says, ' Give our
tailors cheap cloth and they will give you cheap
clothes;' but he does not go far enough or he would
say, 'Buy your clothes of the English tailor, for, a3
he and his family are as near to the poor-house as
they can well be, he will work for fifty cents a day,
while his American brother, who is comfortable and
independent, and keeps you clear of poor-taxes, gets
three dollars/"
The case of the tailor and the clothes put
by my correspondent may be applied to every
other department of industry. If you import
the iron or steel, why stop there? Import
also everything made of them for the same rea-
son, shovels, forks, cutlery, and the innumer-
able implements of every-day work that are
made of them, and throw idle ihe nine hundred
and forty thousand men employed in producing
iron and the articles manufactured from it. If
you import the rough lumber, why not the
finished furniture, ihe ready-made doors and
sash, &c., and close up our lumber-yards and
stop our planiug-mills and our furniture fac-
tories ?
But 1 forbear to pursue this subject. I
close by culling attention again to toe alter-
natives that are presented by this bill, one of
which we may adopt.
First, repeal the duties on tea and coffee,
$19,000,000; repeal the internal revenue taxes,
$32,000,000, (less $6,000,000 of income tax,)
£215,000,000; retain the free list, $3,000,000,
and you have a reduction of $48,000,000. It
you insist as an experiment that coal and salt
and raw hides,' according to the Secretary's
recommendation, remain, add them, and they
make $50,017,521; but if you take off the
expenses of collection saved, it reduces it to
$48,100,000. That alternative enables us to
reduce taxes and duties $48,100,000, and leave
protection to American industry in great meas-
ure to stand.
On the other hand, if you reduce the duty
