1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3777
stantial iron structure, upon plans to be approved
by the ohief of engineers of tne Army, and under
liis supervision and direotiou.
Mr. COBURN. I move to strike out that
paragraph ; but first I make the point of order
that there is no law authorizing anything of
the kind.
Mr. SARGENT. I will state, as a matter
of fact, that this bridge belongs to the Gov-
ernment, and is now rotting, and of course
they have a right to rebuild their own prop-
erty. If the gentleman will allow me, I will
give him. a history of the matter.
Mr. COBURN. I do not care about the
history of the matter.
Mr. SARGENT. This bridge was pur-
chased by the Government years ago, and has
always been kept in repair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order. This appropriation is in
continuation of existing work.
Mr. COBURN. I move then to strike out
the clause. This bridge is not in the city of
Washington, nor in the District of Columbia,
but it is proposed to make a bridge outside the
limits of the District of Columbia into the
State of Virginia.
The people of the District of Columbia are
very rarely accommodated by the use of this
bridge; it is away out at the northwestern
corner of the District. If the people of Vir-
ginia want to use it for the purpose of coming
into the city of Washington or the District,
they can afford to maintain their own bridge.
After we have furnished them a bridge for all
this time they should be willing to support
their own bridge now. The people all over
this country should not be taxed for the pur-
pose of making a bridge merely for the accom-
modation of people who live beyond the Poto-
mac river and want to come into the District
of Columbia.
This bill proposes to give $100,000 for this
bridge, and it is provided here that it shall be
a substantial iron structure. Now, I have no
idea that $100,000 will complete a bridge of
that kind. We have done very liberally for
this District in every respect, and now the
proposition is to go outside of it and give
$100,000 for a pdrpose that never ought to be
contemplated.
Mr. SARGENT. Before 1833 this bridge
was a toll bridge. In that year it was bought
by the Government, and afterward it was
kept open as a free bridge.
Mr. COBURN. That was before the act of
retrocession of Alexandria to Viiginia.
Mr. SARGENT. That makes no difference.
It was bought by the Government, the title
was in the Government, and ever since that'
time the Government has kept it up. From
1861 to 1863 it was the only connection which
this Government had between this District and
the State of Virginia; it was the only bridge
that was open for the passage of our troops.
At that time the Government put a new floor-
ing upon this bridge, a flooring of plank sev-
eral inches thick, on account of the immense
travel over the bridge. The effect of this floor-
ing upon the bridge was to keep water stand-
ing there so that upon nearly the whole length
of the bridge there was water all the time,
which rotted away the supports of the bridge,
the flooring, &c. To such an extent did this
rotting finally go that a year or two since the
bridge fell down.
The piers of the bridge, being of rtoup, re-
main in perfect order. The wood-woi^ of
the bridge has rotted and fallen into the
stream. The bridge is used now, and can be
used till the first rise of the river, although
the flooring between the piers is almost at
right angles, the timbers having been bent
or broken down till they rest upon the bottom
of the stream, and from there reach up to the
piers on each side. With extreme difficulty
teams are still enahled to pass over this bridge.
Now, the proposition made by the engineer
42b Cong, 2d Sess.—No. 231?.
department, under whose charge this bridge
is, is that it be replaced, not by a mere wooden
structure, continually needing repairs, and
which will cost at first five sixths as much as
the other, but by an iron bridge which will
never need much repair. We had before us
plans and drawings and photographs of vari-
ous kinds of iron bridges, and we have in-
quired minutely into the exist, and we have
come to the conclusion that as this property
belongs to the Government, as it was so highly
useful to the Government, especially during
the war of the rebellion, and may be useful
again, the Government ought to put this
bridge into a permanent condition of useful-
ness. I find by reference to General Mich-
ler's report, September 30, 1800, page 5, that
the number of foot passengers who crossed this
bridge in one year was 81,395 ; of horses and
riders, 52,195; of horses and wagons, 58,400;
of teams, 07,525: of cattle, 25,550; of hogs,
7,300; and of sheep, 49,275. This amount of
travel took place while the Aqueduct bridge
was open to the public, and during a year
when the bridge was closed for several weeks
for repairs.
It is a very important bridge indeed for this
District, and a very important bridge for the
Government. I have shown that in its mil-
itary operations it was absolutely essential to
the Government during the war. It is Gov-
ernment property, and the Government should
put it in a good condition. And all that is
necessary for that purpose is to build the
superstructure, as the piers are still in perfect
order.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BRAXTON. I move to strike out the
last word, for the purpose of saying that this
bridge was taken by the United States upon
the express condition that it should be kept
up. It was formerly owned by a corporation,
and the United States took it under an agree-
ment that it would keep it up as long as it was
necessary to have a bridge there.
Mr. SARGENT. That I believe to be the
fact.
Mr. BRAXTON. Good faith requires that
the Government shall keep up this bridge.
There is no other free bridge from Virginia to
this District. All the other bridges are owned
by companies that fix most exorbitant rates of
toll, and people coming to and going from the
District are subject to their exactions. I trust
the appropriation reported by the committee
will be made.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move pro forma
to amend the amendment so as to make the
amount of the appropriation $50,000. I un-
derstand—indeed 1 may say that I know, for
I have been there frequently—that the location
of this bridge is several miles above George-
town. I have crossed it frequently during the
war and since. There is a bridge at George-
town—the Aqueduct bridge. There is abridge
across the Potomac here at Washington.
There are toll roads leading to this Chain bridge.
The bridge is undoubtedly a great accommo-
dation to the people of Maryland and Virginia,
and it is quite remunerative to those toll roads
that lead to it, if the Government chooses to
build a bridge for them. If you undertake to
go to this bridge you must pass through a
toll-gate upon a turnpike road leading to the
bridge on this side; and 1 believe there is a
corresponding toll road on the other side.
Now, if any gentleman can give a good rea-
son why he should tax his constituents to pay
$100,000 to commence this iron bridge—for
you are nut going to complete an iron bridge
acrot.b the Potomac for $100,000—if any gen-
tleman can give a sound reason why he should
tax his constituent*! to build an iron bridge
across the Potomac between Maryland and
Virginia, let him vote for this appropriation.
My constituents are not interested in those
toll roads, nor in the bridge across the Poto-
mac; and I cannot vote for the appropriation.
Mr. AMBLER. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether he ever saw an iron bridge in
such a locality anywhere?
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man from Illinois has expired.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I want to correct a mis-
apprehension of fact into which the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] and perhaps
other gentlemen have fallen. This bridge is
in the District of Columbia.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I did not say it was
not.
Mr. CHIPMAN. The gentleman stated that
it was a bridge from the State of Maryland to
the State of Virginia. It is not so.
Now, it seems to me that the salient points
in this question are, first, that this is the prop-
erty of the United States 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the District
of Columbia take in the southern end of the
bridge?
Mr. CHIPMAN. I will speak of that in a
moment. The Government of the United
States provided by an act of Congress some
years ago that the turnpike leading to that
bridge should pass into the possession of the
United States, so that the right of way over
the turnpike as well as over the bridge should
be in the Government. The statutes now so
provide; the right to that turnpike was aban-
doned by the persons who built it, and is in
the United States.
Now, this bridge is a national bridge, not a
local bridge. The estimate of crossings over
the bridge, as read by a member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, [Mr. Sargent,]
shows that the foot-passengers, horses, cattle,
sheep, and wagons that travel over this bridge
are nearly half a million annually. The bridge
is not for local purposes. It is a means of
transit from the Southwest to the Northwest,
and to the East.
There is another point in this case. The
Government of the United States absolutely
wore this bridge out during the war; and it
owes 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Government
of the United States built it.
Mr. CHIPMAN. Very well; and the United
States ought to rebuild it. The United States
have property there to the amount of about
two hundred thousand dollars, and it is a
question for the House to decide whether this
property shall be swept away and destroyed
utterly, or whether it shall be saved by an
expenditure of $100,000, thusputtingthe Gov-
ernment in possession of a valuable bridge.
I am not advocating this measure merely
because it is of local importance. It is of
local importance, but it is also of national
importance. As explaining the reasons why
this bridge should be rebuilt, I submit the
following letter from the engineer ia charge
of public buildings and grounds:
Office of Public Buildings and Grounds,
Washington, D. C , .January 30,1872.
Sir : I am in receipt of your communication of the
25th instant, making certain inquiries relative to
Chain bridge, and i have to report in reply thereto
the following:
1. The title of Chain bridge rests in the United
States.
2. The cost of restoring the bridge according to the
plan upon which it was built was estimated to bo
$60,000. An appropriation for this amount passed
the House at the last session, but failed to receive
the support of the Senate.
3. To replace the present superstructure with an
iron bridgo it is estimated will cost seventy-five
dollars per lineal foot, and as the bridge is thirteen
hundred feet long, it will cost &97.500.
As the stone piers are in fine condition, and will
require no change but to prepare the upper course
to receive the iron structure, but a small amount
will bo necessary for that purpose, and an appropria-
tion of $100,000 it is believed will be sufficient to erect
a durable bridge of iron, complete. Pliotographio
plans of an iron bridge are herewith sent you, which
is estimated can be erected for the price named,
namely, seventy-five dollars per lineal foot.
"While it is estimated that an iron bridge as per
photographic plan, can be built and put atthefigure
named, it is possible a more advantageous offer
might be seoured by public advertisement for pro-
posals.
