142
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 16,
Ho. of Reps.
Civil Rights—Mr. Blair.
42b Cong....2d Sess.
on tea and coffee $7,000,000, manufactures
$11,000,000, make the free list stand at $3,000.-
000; and reduce internal taxes $16,000,000
only, you reduce but $38,000,000, and leave
a margin of $12,000,000, which I do not under-
stand exactly how the chairman intends to
dispose of.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will repeat again the
statement I made. The amount of reduction
of internal revenue is $31,000,000. Part of
that is the income tax, which falls of itself
without a repeal; and then the tax on gas and
the tax on banks and bankers other than
national banks—all the items amounting to
$31,500,000. I gave the details in the remarks
that I made.
Mr. SCOTT. Thus the practical question
is presented, which will you favor, foreign or
home labor? Will you take off domestic taxes
paid by our own people and encourage their
industry, or will you take off duties paid by
foreigners who come to compete in our mar-
kets, and give employment to foreign labor
and deny it to American citizens?
We need not attempt to delay or evade this
question. It is before the people. The issue
is made up. The first verdict has been ren-
dered by New Hampshire; and it has but re-
recorded the continuous verdict rendered every
time the same question has been submitted
since free and intelligent, labor joined issue
with the owners of servile ignorance by their
respective representatives the Monitor and the
Merrimac. " Cotton iskingu Iron isking
iL Money is king," were the cries that were
heard at various times and from different quar-
ters in the land before the rebellion came ;
but the iron-clad Monitor, the combined pro-
duct of trained, educated labor, and free, in-
dependent intellect, representing the mine,
the forge, the workshop, and the school, and
the Merrimac, representing the large property-
holder with his dependent serfs, grappled in
armed conflict. The Merrimac went down in
the struggle, and from lhat day through, all the
bloody battle fields of the rebellion, free labor
won its triumphs, and they are recorded in the
Constitution and laws of a redeemed nation of
freemen who demand and will have among
their equal rights the right to good living wages
for good honest work. Labor will be king. ♦
Civil Rights.
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES a. BLAIR,
OF MISSOURI,
In the House of Representatives,
March 16, 1872.
The House having met for debate as in Committee
of the Whole on the state ot the Union—
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, said:
Mr. Speaker: The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Frye] some weeks since introduceda bill
pertaining to civil lights, and which is now pend-
ing before the House, in the words following:
A bill supplemental to an act entitled "An act to
protect all citizens of the'United States in their
civil rights, and to furnish the means for their
vindication," passed April9, 1866.
Be it. malted hy the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That no citizen ot the United Statessiiali,
by reason of race, color, or previous condition of
servitude, be excepted or excluded from the full and
equal enjoyment ot* any accommodation, advantage,
facility, or privilege furnished by innkeepers; by
common carriers, whether on land or water; by
licensed owners, xnanagcis. or lessees of theaters or
other places of public amusement; by trustees,
commissioners, superintendents teacheis, and other
officers of common schools and other public institu-
tions of learning, the same being supported by
moneys derived from general taxation, or author-
ized by law; by trustees and olHeers of cemetery
associations and benevolent institutions incorpor-
ated by national or State authority. But schools,
cemeteries, and institutions of learning established
exclusively for white or colored persons, and main-
tained respectively by the contributions of such per-
sons, shall remain according to the terms of the
original establishment.
Sec. 2. That any person violating any of the pro-
visions of the foregoing section, or aiding in their
violation, or inciting thereto, shall, for every such
offense, forfeit and pay the sum of $500 to the person
aggrieved the reby, to be recovered in an action on
the case, with full costs, and shall also, for every
such offense, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and, upon conviction thereof, shall be fined not less
than $500 nor more than $1,000, or shall be im-
prisoned not less than thirty days nor more than otie
year: Provided, That the party aggrieved shall not
recover more than one penalty; and when theoffense
is a refusal of burial, the penalty may be recovered
by the heirs-at-law of the person to whose body burial
has been refused.
Sec. 3. That the same jurisdiction and powers are
hereby conferred and the same duties enjoined upon
the courts and officers of the United States in the
execution of this act as are conferred and enjoined
upon such courts and officers in sections three, four,
five, seven, and ten of an act entitled "An act to
protectall persons in the United States in their civil
rights, and to furnish the meansof their vindication,"
passed April 9,1866, and these sections are hereby
mode a part of this act; and any of the aforesaid
officers failing to institute and prosecute such pro-
ceedings herein required shall. for every such offense,
forfeit and pay the sum of 8500 to the person ag-
grieved thereby, to be recovered by an action on
the case, with full costs, and shall, on conviction
thereof, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and be
fined not less than SI,000 nor more than $5,000.
Sec. 4. That every discrimination against any citi-
zen on account of color by the use of the word
"white" in any law, statute, ordinance, or regula-
tion, is hereby repealed and annulled.
Sec. 5. That no citizen possessing all other qualifi-
cations which are or may be prescribed by law shall
be disqualified for service as juror in any court, na-
tional or State, by reason of raca, color, or previous
condition of servitude; and any officer or other per-
sons charged with any duty in the selection or sum-
moning of jurors who shall exclude or fail to sum-
mon any citizen for the reason above named shall,
on conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor and be fined not less than &1,000 nor more
tlion $5,000.
Sec. 6. That it shall be the duty of the judges of
the several courts upon which jurisdiction is hereby
conferred to give this act in charge to the grand jury
of their respective courts at the commencement of
each term thereof.
I dislike to attempt, in the short time
allotted me, the discussion of this bill: but as
it is liable to be called up and passed at any
time, and passed without full discussion under
the five minute rule, I propose to notice it
somewhat to-day.
constitutionality.
Mr. Speaker, in the first place, then, permit
me to say that I deny the right or power of
Congress to pass such a bill. Never until re-
cently was such a power supposed to be con-
ferred upon Congress by the Constitution or
any of its amendments. Certainly the framers
of our Constitution never thought of conferring
such power upon Congress. They in their
simplicity thought that such a power belonged
to the States in their sovereign capacity.
The control of theaters, inns, taverns,
hotels, and public schools has ever been the
subject of State municipal regulation.
As the power to pass this bill is claimed
under the preamble and fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution, and as I had occa-
sion to discuss the power thus claimed last
spring, upon a similar measure known as the
Ku Klux bill, I shall not detain the House
with any further remarks upon that branch of
the subject.
civil eights.
Mr. Speaker, in order that we may have a
full and comprehensive understanding and
view of the purposes, objects, and effects of*
the bill, I propose to inquire into the legal
signification of the words "civil" and "rights"
as used in and applied to the subject-matter
of the bill. Webster defines the word '' civil"
as follows:
411. Pertaining *o a cits7 or State, or to a citizen in
his relation to his tellow-eitizen, or to the State; as
civil rights, civil government.
"2. Pertaining to an organized community; re-
duced to order; subject to government; civilized;
as civil society."
Bouvier, in his Law Dictionary, volume one,
page 231, says:
"Civil. This word has various significations.
First, it is used in contradistinction to barbarous or.
savage, to indicate a state of society reduced to:
order and regular government; thus we speak of
civil life, civil society, civil government, and civil
liberty."
I will now give Bouvier's definition of
"rights." He says :
" Rights might with propriety be also divided into
natural and civil rights, but as all the rights which
man has received from nature have been modified
and acquired anew from the civil law, it is more
proper when consideiing their object to divide them
into political and civil rights."—2 Bouvier's Law
Dictionary, page 484.
Prom these definitions, Mr. Speaker, we
must conclude that the two words when con-
nected, as in this bill, must be construed to
mean such rights and only such rights as are
vouchsafed to every citizen under the laws
of the land—civil rights by civil law.
object of bill.
I shall not stop here to inquire as to whether
inn and hotel-keepers should be placed under
the same obligations to receive travelers as
are public carriers; nor shall I stop to inquire
as to whether the managers of theaters are
under legal obligations to receive citizens
irrespective of color. If the common law rule
governing public carriers shall be applied to
them by our courts, then there will be no
escape lor them.
Upon tbe supposition that our courts will
hold that the common law applies to them,
then I would ask the friends ot this bill, what
the necessity for its passage? It creates no
rights and imposes no duties that do not already
exist at common law. What, then, 1 again ask,
the necessity for its passage? Tnere can be
but one answer, and that is:
1. To secure to the negro, beyond perad-
venture, not less than $500 in case he should
be refused admittance into ships, boats, rail-
way and street-cars, hotels and theaters ; and
that the negro child may also recover from the
school teacher a like sum of $500 in case it
shall be refused admittance into white schools.
2. To force the negroes into social equality
with the whites under tine of from five hundred
to one thousand dollars, or imprisonment in
the penitentiary from three days to twelve
months; and
3. To give the npgro the right to sue in the
Federal courts; and to give jurisdiction to
those courts over the tine and penalty im-
posed by the bill.
Thus, sir, should any one against whom the
bill is aimed violate its provisions, instead of
having a trial in his own county, before his
own courts, as in case of a contest with a
white man, he will be dragged from his home
at enormous expense into the Federal courts
of the country to litigate liis difficulties with
his colored brother. Whether the complaint
be real or imaginary, or prompted by a desire
for justice or revenge, the white man must
make his pilgrimages to ths Federal courts to
answer the complaint of his colored adversary.
hotel-kekpeks, &c.
_ But, give to the negro all the civil or legal
rights that the white man has to enter ships,
boats, railway and street-ears, hotels, theaters,
and public schools, and impose all the duties
upon the public carriers, hotel-keepers, man-
agers of theaters, and teachers of public schools,
and tbe question then arises as to what those
duties are. I state them to be :
1. It is the duty of the public carriers to
receive passengers and carry them to their
place of destination with ordinary diligence
and care, giving them such accommodations
as are reasonable and just under the circum-
stances.
2. It is the duty of hotel-keepers to receive
travelers, giving them healthy diet and com-
fortable quarters and reasonable accommoda-
tions.
3. It is the duty of managers of theaters to
