2882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
who are making war upon us, who were in
favor of the proposition of the Senator from
Pennsylvania, by undertaking to defeat it and
circumvent it by another proposition as to
legislation upon appropriation bills. That was
the point. And now we find that every Demo-
crat who has yet spoken comes forward in
favor of this proposition on the subject of
general legislation, ably seconded by their
ally, the honorable Senator from Illinois, and
I only called attention to the fact which had
arisen in the debate before I spoke of it, that
these same Senators, when they had an oppor-
tunity to enter into this method of reforming
legislation upon appropriation bills, took pains
unanimously and as a body to resist it. I did
not assert that all Republicans had voted in
favor of it. I did not introduce a party ques-
tion about it. I only undertook to hold up
the mirror to those Senators who had suddenly
become so very anxious upon the subject of
legislation on appropriation bills, and so anx-
ious that they were able to reverse their former
action, like the Senator from Illinois, and go
for things which they had condemned within
two years as being unsuitable ; that was alj.
Mr. President, [ do not want to enter into
any controversy with the honorable Senator
from Illinois. He says that I am sore about
this matter, and have been for two years. Well,
Mr. President, if I have joined the party of
soreheads, I submit that it is not his business
to undertake to read me out of that party. I
can tell him that I am just as good a sore-
head as if I lived in Illinois I can tell him
that I have just as good a right to be sore be-
cause my amendment is not adopted as he has
or any other Senator has a right to be sore
because he cannot dictate appointments. Why,
Mr. President, this is the land of equal rights,
and my honorable friend need not arrogate to
himself the right to have blisters on his back
without my taking some of them. [Laughter.]
There is no personal allegation about this
thing which entitles him to precedence that
I know of over a member even from the State
of Vermont. So that I accept with entire
cordiality his description of myself as being
sorenpon the subject of amendments to appro-
priation bills. 1 am sore, and I am glad to
join his party, even in order now, as wo have
got a spasm of virtue, it seems, to protectthese
bills from improper legislation, and so 1 give
notice that if the honorable Senator's amend-
ment is rejected in the form that it is, as it is
altogether crude, I will move, not as a substi-
tute for the pending resolution, this amend-
ment which was reported two years ago making
it absolute instead of dependent upon a two-
thirds vote, and the amendment will then
read:
And no amendment to any such bill making legis-
lative provisions other than such asclirectly relating
to the appropriations contained in tho bill shall be
rcoeivod or adopted.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. That would
apply to existing amendments. That would
apply to the Morrill amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, it would not apply
to any amendment of the bill that is already on.
Mr. FRELINGIIUYSEN. The amendment
says " adopted."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I will say "re-
ceived" simply.
Mr. POMEROY. I am in favor of the
resolution offered by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania; and if it could be moved as an
amendment to that, rather than as a substitute
for it, I would vote even for this. It is in the
direction we have been trying to labor lor
years, and that is to confine our appropriation
bills to the subject-matter of appropriations
and have the amendments to them germane and
legitimate. I cannot vote for it as a substitute
for the proposition of the Senator fromPennsyl
vania; but if the Senator from Illinois will
move it as an amendment to it by way of ad-
dition, I will vote for it. I have always voted
for it. I am opposed to making the appropri-
ation bills carry everything in the world that
Senators have a right to move to them ; and I
will move any hour of the day to put the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois on
to our rules for that purpose. I will vote to
put it on this rule limiting debate to five
minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois, on which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. STOCKTON. I am paired on this
question with the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Carpenter,] who desired me to state
that if he were present he would vote "yea,"
and [ should vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Casserly, Davis of "West
Virginia, (ioldthwaite. Hamilton of Maryland,
Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Stevenson, Trum-
bull, and Vickers—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boroman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Chandler, Clayton, Conkling, Cra-
gin, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Mich-
igan, Flanagan, Frelingliuyson, Gilbert, Hamlin,
llitchcock, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pratt, IXamsey,
Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Brownlow, Cam-
eron. Carpenter, Cole, Cooper, Corbett, Davis of
Kentucky, Fenton. Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Osborn, Patterson, Pool,
ltansom, llice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Spen-
cer, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
man, Tipton, and West—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to add to the
pending proposition:
And no amendment to any such bill making legis-
lative provisions other than such as directly relate
to tho appropriations contained in the bill shall be
received.
Mr. SCOTT. I inquire of my friend from
Vermont the effect the adoption of that would
have oil the amendment which has already
been discussed for seven days oil the defi-
ciency bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will have no effect on
that, for that has already been received, and
has been subjected to the jurisdiction of the
Senate. I do not propose to go back on any-
thing that the Senate has done.
Mr. STEVENSON. I should like to make
aa inquiry oi the Chair. If the proposition
of the honorable Senator from Vermont is
adopted, will the amendment of tlje other
Senator from Vermont, known as the Mor-
rill amendment, be in order as an amend-
ment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amendment
has been received, acted upon in Committee
of the Whole, agreed to there, that action re-
versed in the Senate, rejected there, and a
motion to reconsider pending, and therefore
it would not be subject to its provision; but
any other amendment moved hereafter would
be subject to the provisions of this addition
if it should be agreed to by the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish simply to say that
if this amendment is adopted, and I think it
ought to be in the interest of the whole coun-
try, I believe it will be the most important
progress to keep our appropriation bills free
of extraneous matter that has ever been
adopted. 1 think it will probably be the most
useful act of legislation to the people of this
country at this session.
Mr. BOREMAN. Is this an amendment
to the rule permanently or simply for this
session ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is qualified
by the^ opening part of this resolution, which
is confined to "during the present session."
But for that it would be an amendment lo the
rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not say " the thir-
tieth rule shall be amended so and so?"
Mr. EDMUNDS. All that is understood
when you read it in connection.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the Chair has already
said that this will be governed by the words in
the previous part of the resolution, "during
this session."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know it is limited by
that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it ought to be an
amendment to the thirtieth rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My object in putting it
in that way was this: there is so much opposi-
tion to undertaking to take any_ step which
facilitates business, particularly in the year
when a President is to be elected, that I want
to try it for this session in order to see, just
as you do the five-minute rule, how it will
work.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to ask the Chair
does this language, " any such bill," mean the
bill as it comes from the House or as it comes
from the Committee on Appropriations?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It refers to
appropriation bills.
Mr. POMEROY. It is an appropriation
bill when it comes from the House and an
appropriation bill when it comes from the com-
mittee. The committee proposes amend-
menis. I want to know whether that will
apply to the bill as it comes to the Senate
from the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that neither House has ever made points
of order, within the recollection of the Chair,
on amendments made by the other House ex-
cept as to the disputed question on revenue
bills. The Chair is not aware of any point of
order made in the Senate upon an amendment
of the House of Representatives to a Senate
bill, or in the House upon an amendment of
the Senate to a House bill; except on the dis-
puted question as to revenue bills.
Mr. POMEROY. That is not whatl mean.
Our appropriation bills go to the Committee
on Appropriations; then they come back to
the Senate with a large number of amend-
ments sometimes. When this amendment
speaks of the bill, does it mean the bill as we
take it up after the report'of the Committee
on Appropriations? I shall vote for it with
the understanding that the language contained
in this amendment means the bill as it is
reported to us from the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit to the Senator
from Kansas that all ambiguity might be re-
moved by striking out the word " such" and
say "appropriation bill."
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; that puts it into the
thirtieth rule for all time.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 understand this to mean
the bill as we have it after the Committee on
Appropriations report it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas has propounded a question as to the
effect of this amendment if adopted. It will
certainly bind the committee of the Senate as
it binds the members of the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN and others. Itought to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to ask a ques
tion of the Senator from Ohio, whether it
would not be better to try this for this ses-
sion anyhow, and not seek to amend the rule
permanently?
Mr. SHERMAN. Either form would do
it; but the word "such" could only refer to
an appropriation bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not try it for the
rest of this session, and we can amend the
rule afterward if"it works well.
Mr. SHERMAN. Either form of language
will do to make it apply to this session.
Mr. MORTON. I ask whether notice has
to be given of a proposition to amend a rule
of the Senate?
The VICEPRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. Upon notice given to
amend one rule, is it competent to amend
another ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. In the first place
this is not a notice to amend a rule. It is_ft
resolution in regard to the order of business in
the Senate ; and being before the Senate, there
