L872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
42d Cong....2d Sbss.
Civil Bights—Mr. Blair.
Ho. of Reps.
receive citizens and give them comfortable
accommodations.
4. It is the duty of school trustees, &c., to
provide comfortable houses and seats and
competent teachers for the children going to
school.
Now, then, Mr. Speaker, I submit to the
members of the House whether or not captains
of boats, &e., may not provide separate rooms
and tables ; superintendents of railways sep-
arate cars ; hotel keepers separate rooms and
tables; managers of theaters separate galle-
ries, and trustees, &e., of public schools sep-
arate houses, rooms, and teachers for colored
people and colored children, and discharge
every duty imposed upon them by law? Sir,
unless the' law imposes upon public carriers
and hotel-keepers the duty of providing " white
associates for their colored_ passengers and
guests, there can be no question but that these
officers and persons may discharge^ every duty
enjoined on them by law by providing separate
accommodations for the colored people.
SOCIAL EQUALITY.
Mr. Speaker, by discriminating between
" civil" or "legal rights" and "social priv-
ileges " we can see that the object of the bill
is to force " negro social equality" upon the
white people under the most remarkable pen-
alties.
It is not the particular wording or phrase-
ology of this bill alone that leads me to this
conclusion. I have not forgotten that it was
on last Monday the gentleman from West Vir-
ginia [Mr. Hereford] introduced into this
House the following resolution :
" Be it resolved, That it would be contrary to the
Constitution and a tyrannical usurpation of powerfor
CoDgress to force mixed schools upon the States, and
equallv unconstitutional and tyrannical for Con-
gress to pass any law interfering with churches,
public carriers, or innkeepers, such subjects of
legislation belonging of right to the States respect-
ively."
And well do I remember that ninety-four
Republicans of this House voted against that
resolution and defeated it. The bill itself and
that vote shows clearly a settled purpose not
only to force negroes into railway and street-
cars, hotels, and theaters, but it also shows that
it is the intention of the Republican members
upon this floor to force the negro children into
the white schools of the country, and espe-
cially in the southern States. Thus. sir. by act
of Congress are the white people of this coun-
try to be coerced into social equality with the
negroes.
Mr. Speaker, well do I remember how I have
time and again, in my own State, laughed to
scorn the charge of the Democracy that the
Republican party intended to force negro
equality upon the white people. Myself and
other Republicans have time and again, in
private and public, denounced the charge as
false and unfounded ; but, sir, the truthful-
ness of that charge is now about to be estab-
lished by the passage of this bill. In my
own State we now have, established by law,
separate schools for black and white children
alike. , , ,,
By this bill if the black pupils should see
cause to present themselves for admission into
white schools, the teachers must admit them
or subject themselves to a fine of from five hun-
dred to one thousand dollars or imprisonment
in the penitentiary from thirty days to twelve
months, and also" be liable in action by the
children lor £f>00each, in addition. This, sir,
is compelling the white citizens of republican
America to pay dearly for the precious boon
of negro social equality. .
1 have known persons who have had priv-
ileges conferred upon them when asked tor,
but it is rather an unusual thing m republican
Governments to have privileges conferred
■without asking, and which the citizen is bound
to accept or submit to a felon's doom.
This bill says to the citizens of republican
Am erica, " You must accept negro social equal-
ity, or you shall be fined in from'five hundred
to one thousand dollars, or be imprisoned in
the penitentiaries of your States."
Mr. Speaker, I will go as far as any Repub-
lican upon this floor in giving to the colored
people their legal rights. I presume that I
have gone through more and withstood more
denunciation than nine tenths of the Repub-
lican members of this House in my efforts in
my own State in behalf of the colored people.
Well do I remember that when I first advo-
cated the education of the negro children, after
they were freed, of being told, not by Demo-
crats, but by my own Republican friends, that
I was the " blackest of the black." But, sir,
Republican as I have been, and am, and not-
withstanding that I expect to live and die by
the great principle of universal freedom and
the equality of every citizen before the laws
of my country, yet, sir, I feel it to be my duty
to rise in my place upon this floor and enter
my solemn protest against the passage of this
bill, as being not only tyrannical and oppres-
sive in its character, but subversive of the
principles of republican Government and de-
structive to the common schools of my own
and other southern States; and injurious to
the welfare and best interests of the colored
people.
SCHOOLS AND HOTELS CLOSED.
Should this bill be passed, and it be held
constitutional by our courts, you close the
doors of our hotels and drive the white chil-
dren from the public to private schools. This
done, and what interest will the white people
have in the public schools of the country ? Do
the Republican members upon this floor think
for a moment that any people would suffer
themselves to be taxed to keep up schools
from which their children have been driven
by the odious provisions of a law like_ this?
Under compulsion they may ; but willingly,
never.
The bill passed and the school system abol-
ished, and the black children will be left with-
out education.
Mr. Speaker, in those States having separate
schools for colored children, I would ask, what
legal rights have the white children that the
colored children have not, or what legal rights
to or in the schools have the white children
more than the colored children? I would ap-
peal to my Republican friends to tell me. Both
have houses to go to school in, have benches
to sit upon, desks to write on, books to learn
from, teachers to teach them, and neither
pays anything for his schooling. Then, sir,
the colored children having all the^ legal
rights and privileges of the white children
already under State laws, it is made still more
obvious that the object of this bill is to force
negro social equality upon the white children
of the country.
Mr. DICKEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I have no time
1 to spare. Had 1 time I would be pleased to
! allow the gentleman to ask me as_ many ques-
i tions as he wishes ; at another time, and oil
! a proper occasion, I will cheerfully respond to
' all of the gentleman's questions aud hold roy-
I self ready to answer all his arguments upon
! the subject now under discussion. It I am to
j have a contest upon this subject. I prefer to
I have it with my Republican friends,
i Mr. STEVENSON. You prefer to fight
! them, then? ,
I Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. Yes, sir; when
they are wrong and I know I am right.
PREJUDICE OF RACE.
Mr. Speaker, 1 was proceeding to say, when
interrupted, that the question before us is one
of association—society. That a prejudice does
exist from the whites toward the blacks, with
reference to association, there can be no doubt.
Whether it be right or wrong, reasonable or
unreasonable, 1 care not to inquire. The fait
is patent, and I am here to deal with facts.
As long as the white children are opposed to
having negro children associate with them in
our schools I will never force or coerce them
to it, especially when the negro children can
get the same education in separate schools.
Nor would I, Mr. Speaker, force the white
children upon the negro children contrary to
their wilt.
The time never was, and I hope never will
be, when any man, white or black, or any race
or nation of people, will have the legal right
to my society or the society of my children.
The black and the white man alike, whether
under the natural, civil, or common law, have
ever had the Heaven-born privilege of choos-
ing their own society, and I hope it may ever
continue so. I was raised with colored peo-
ple, worked day by day and side by side with
them, and sat in the same house and upon the
same seat with them. But because I have
done this of ray own choice, volition, will, is
no reason why I should coerce others to do it.
But, Mr. Speaker, I am asked why this
prejudice? In response I would say, look at
•'man." Why these divisions into races, tribes,
and nationalities? Why this peculiar love
of race, tribe, and nation; and why our pre-
judices against those of other races and na-
tions? Look into natural history. Why do
we find the animal creation divided into
classes, orders, families, genera, and species ?
Why these distinctive characteristics, and this
association of species of the same family of
animals? Why does the Indian love his own
tribe and refuse association with any other
tribe or race of human beings ? Why is it
that the black, the white, and the grizzly bears
do not associate together? Why do not the
deer and the elk?
Now, sir, let us cast our eyes into the vast
deep, lakes and rivers; see there the untold
millions of fishes. Why those classes, orders,
families, genera, and species? Why do they
associate with none other and seem to love
none other than their own species and genera?
Look into the air and see the feathered tribes
or flocks as they sail over our heads. Why,
again I ask, do we see this same class, orders,
families, genera, and species among them?
Tell me why the raven refuses association with
the crow, the English dove with the American
dove? Why does the blackbird with a small
red tinge on its wing refuse association with
his solid black brother? And above all, Mr.
Speaker, I would ask why does the snow-white
swan of America refuse association with his
jet black brother of Australia?
Let gentlemen who think there should be no
difference in feeling and association between
the white and black race answer these ques-
tions: and with the same answer will I tc 11 them
why the white man likes a white man better than
the negro, and why that which we call prejudice
exists towards the races. Call it prejudice
if you will, yet it is nevertheless a law ot
nature. Call it prejudice if you will, yet
nevertheless it exists as a part of our physical
nature by creation; and it was this same law
of nature, love of race and of nations, that
caused Moses to smite the • Egyptian unto
death for maltreating his Hebrew brother.
Tell me not that the white man can receive
into his affections as freely, and engrave upon
his heart as deeply, the black man as the
white man. No, sir, it cannot be done ; and
the white man who asserts that it ca.n, but
ignores this great natural law of association,
stultifies his owu conscience, and libels his
own race. .
And, Mr. Speaker, what I say of the white
man is equally true of the'negro. If he says
he loves the white man more than his own
