1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1987
him yesterday, which was objected to then,
and asks for its present consideration.
Mr. BAYARD. A single objection to its
consideration was made by the honorable Sen-
ator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan.] He has since
that time examined the bill and withdrawn his
objection.
Mr. HOWE. I will not object upon the
same condition as in the other cases, that the
bill shall not give rise to debate.
By unanimousconsent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It requires the ninth circuit court of the
United States, of California, to hear and decide
upon the merits, the claim of Thomas B. Val-
entine, claiming title, under a Mexican grant
to Juan Miranda, to a place called the Rancho
Arroyo de San Antonio, situate in the county
of Sonoma, California, in the same manner
and with the same jurisdiction as if the claim
had been duly presented to the board of land
commissioners under the provisions of the act
entitled "An act to ascertain and settle the
private land claims in the State of Califor-
nia." approved March 3, 1851, and an appeal
had been duly taken from their decision to the
district court of California by Valentine. On
the hearing the testimony heretofore taken be-
fore the board of commissioners in relation to
the claim on behalf of the claimant, or of the
United States, may be read, subject to all just
exceptions to its competency; and additional
testimony, on either part, may betaken, under
the order and direction of the circuit court, as
to the validity and extent of the claim. An
appeal may be taken from the final decis-
ion and decree of the said circuit court to the
Supreme Court of the United States, by either
paity, in accordance with the provisions of
the tenth section of the act of March 3, 1851.
within six months after the rendition of such
final decision; and a decree under the pro-
visions of this act, in favor of the claim, is
not-to affect any adverse right or title to the
lands described in the decree'; but in lieu
theieof the claimant, or his legal representa-
tives, may select, and is to be allowed, patents
foi an equal quantity of the unoccupied and
unappropriated public lands of the United
States, not mineral, and in tracts not less than
the subdivisions provided for in the United
States land laws, and, if unsurveyed when
taken, to confirm, when surveyed, to the gen-
eral system of United States land surveys;
and the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, is authorized to issue scrip,
in legal subdivisions, to Valentine, or his legal
representatives, in accordance with tiie pro
visions of this act; but no decree in favor of
Valentine is to be executed nor be of any force
or effect against any person or persons; nor
is land scrip or patents to issue as hereinbe-
fore provided, unless Valentine shall first exe-
cute and deliver to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office a deed conveying to the
United Slates all his right, title, and interest
to the lauds covered by the Miranda giant.
The bill'was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
874) to incorporate the National Union Sol-
diers' and Sailors' Orphan Industrial Training
School Association; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill without previous notice for
the relief of J. & C. M. Daily, and move its
reference to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
states that a bill ou the same subject was
reported by the Committee on Indian Affairs
yesteiday.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then I withdraw the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimouscon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill- (S. No.
875) for the relief of certain settlers on the
public lands; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAVVYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 876) to authorize the building of a light-
house on Hunting Island, South Carolina;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed
Mr. CALDWELL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 877) to create an additional land district
in the State of Kansas; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
ORDKIt 01' BUSINESS.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 522. It is a bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to provide for the sale
of the lands of the United States containing
coal.
Mr. CARPENTER. There is a bill now
before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require
unanimous consent, as the Senate have already
by unanimous consent given the Senator from
Wisconsin the right to call up the St. Croix
and Bayfield bill, subject only to the morning
business. He has yielded to' several other bills
which were takeu up by unanimous consent,
but stated that he could not give way to any
others this morning. If there are no other
bills or resolutions, that bill is now before the
Senate.
expenses of arms committee.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have a resolution to offer.
There is a necessity for its passage, and I
imagine it will incur no opposition :
Resolved, That the sum of $5,000, or so muoh
tilt reof as may be necessary for the expenses of th©
committee to inquire into the sales of ordnance
stores for the year ending 1871, is hereby directed to
be paid out of the contingent fund of the Senate,
under the order of the chairman of said commit-
tee, the vouchers therefor to be approved by the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This being an
appropriation out of the contingent fund, if,
must be treated the same as a bill.
The resolution was read three times, and
passed.
st. croix and superior railroad
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 5G5) to extend the time to the State
of Wisconsin to complete a road from Lake
St. Croix to Lake Superior is now before the
Senate. Tiie Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pom-
biioy] withdraws his motion to amend the
House amendment, and the question recurs on
the motion of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] to concur in the House amendment,
the Senator from Wisconsin in front of the Chair
[Mr. Carpenter] having previously moved
non-concurrence and the appointment of a
committee of conference, of which, however,
the motion to concur has priority. The first
question is upon concurrence with the House
of Representatives. Does any Senator desire
the amendment of the House to be again
reported?
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to hear it
read again.
I he Chief Cierk read the amendment of
the House of Representatives, which was to
strike out all after the enacting clause, and
insert in lieu thereof the following:
That all the lands which were granted by Con-
gress, in the year 185t5, and the year 180-1, to the
State of Wisconsin, to aid in the construction of
a railroad from St. Croix river or lake to Late
Superior, with a branch load to Bayfield, the said
grant having expired by limitation, be, and hereby
are, forfeited to the United States, and shall hence-
forward he subject to homestead entry and settle-
ment, under the act of Congress approved May 20,
1862, to secure homesteads to actual settlers on the
public domain, and shall be disposed of according
to the provisions of said act. * But no part of said
lands shall be selected bv or inure to the benefit of
any railroad company under any assumed grant
from the United States; and said landsare expressly
reserved for the benefit of actual settlers under the
provisions of said homestead act: Provided, That
no land embraced ill the grant to tho St. Croix Bail-
road Company shall, in any case, revert to the
Northern Pacific Railway Company; and all acts,
or parts of acts, inconsistent with this provision,
are hereby repealed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have read the
amendment of the Senator from Kansas,
which he announces this morning that he
withdraws.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas did not send it up at the time.
He proposed it verbally.
Mr. POMEEOY. The amendment which
I suggested the other day was an amendment
that would provide for the actual settlers who
had paid for land on the line of this proposed
road $2 50 an acre, and the Government had
received their money. My amendment was
that they should be reimbursed theirraoney, or,
at their option, have another piece of land
of eighty acres, so that they should not be in-
jured by not having the railroad. They have
gone on to these lands with a view to having
a railroad. The Government having with-
drawn tliem from market, and sold the even •
sections at §2 50, of course it is a great wrong
and outrage to those men if they are deprived
of the road and have to pay double price for
their land. My amendment was to make it
equal for those men by either refunding one
half their money or adding eighty acres to their
homesteads. 1 thought that was the fair thing
to do.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I learn that, there are
very few men who have settled on this land. I
learn from credible persons that the land is
worth from ten to twenty-live dollars an acre
for the timber alone. Hence, these persons
are not, hurt if they gave only $2 50 for the
land, and I would almost guarantee to say
that 1 would give ten dollars an acre for the
land myself to those who have bought it at
$2 50. So they cannot be badly hurt if they
gave only $2 50 an acre, and the land is worth
from ten to twenty-five dollars.
Mr. LOGAN-. I merely wish to suggest that
the Senator from Minnesota, [Mr. Wikdom,]
who is absent, being a member of the com-
mittee, said to me yesterday that he was very
desirous when this bill came up to say some-
thing in reference to it. He was desirous that
the bill should not be disposed of until he could
have an opportunity of saying what he had to
say. 1 understand he is friendly to tbe Sen-
ate bill. He said this to mc, ahd I feel it my
duty to mention it to the friends of the bill ?
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the Senator from Kansas
if these lauds are not within the limits of the
land grant to the Northern Pacific railroad?
Mr. POMEIiOY. My understanding is that
a portion of them are, the northern portion.
Mr. BLAIR. Would not that fact enhance
the price of those lands to §2 50 an acre?
Mr. POME ROY. It would. The northern
portion of this grant, according to my under-
standing, is within the limits of the grant made
to the Northern Pacific railroad; but the
northern portion of these lands has not been
settled upon, because that was the remote
portion. The southern portion of this grant
has been settled upon. The Senator from
South Carolina is mistaken in saving there are
only a few settlements. My information fi oni
the Department is that there are aWge num-
ber of them ; but- no matter for tl.at, if there
is only one 1 would protect the poorest and
weakest. We have not any right to legislate
against the very poorest and weakest man in
Wisconsin or any other State. I shall insist
that he shall have his money back if he has
paid $2 50 and does not get any railroad.
