lm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 18,
rend a first and second time, referred to the
Committee ou Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
PROPERTY USED BY UNITED STATES ARMY.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 669) to amend the act of April
3, 1871, so as to allow pay for reut of prop-
erty used by the Army of the United States,
and where used by contract to pay without (
proof of loyalty; which was read a first and ;
second time, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
SAVANNAH HARBOR AND RIVER.
Mr. McINTYRE introduced a bill (H. R. I
No. 670) to reimburse the city of Savannah i
l'or all expenditures made in the improvement j
of [he haibor of Savannah, Georgia, since the J
late war: which was read a first and second I
time, referred to the Committee on Commeice, :
and ordered to be printed. i
Mr. McINTYRE also introduced a bill (H. !
R. No. 671) making appropriation for the im- j
provement of the harbor of Savannah, Georgia. 1
and the improvement of the navigation ot the I
Savannah river from the city to its mouth : •
which was read a first and second time, 1
referred to the Committee on Commerce, :
and ordered to be printed. 1
prjELIC BUILDING AT BRUNSWICK, GEORGIA. i
Mr. McINTYRE also introduced a bill (H. \
R. No. G72) to appropriate money to construct j
a custom-house and post office at the city of j
Brunswick. Georgia: which was read a first !
and second time, referred to the Committee j
on Public Buildings and Grounds, and ordered ]
to be printed.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES
Mr. YOUNG introduced a bill (H. R. No.
078} to remove all legal and political disabili-
ties from David Irwin. Louis Tumlen. Warren
Akin, and James W. Harris, of the State of
Georgia; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. and ordered to be printed.
CLAIMS 01' INDIAN- TRIBES.
Mr. DU BOSE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
074; to permit certain Indian irii-es to prefer
their claims against the United States, and
have adjudication thereof; which was read a
lit st. and second time, referred to the Com mittee
on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
KErexe OF COTTON TAX
Mr. WHITELEY introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 58j to extend the time within
which applications may be made to re'und the
cotton tax : which was read a first and se"".,id
time, referred to the Committee of Civ.ms.
atnl ordered to be printed.
GEORGIA JUDICIAL OFI-TCERS.
Mr. WHITELEY also introduced a bill (II.
R. No. 075) to provide an additional district
judge, district attorney, and marshal for the
State of Georgia, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, refeired to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
REMOVAL OP POLITICAL DISABILITIES
Mr. WHITELEY aim introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 676) to relieve from poI:nc;'l disabili-
ties certain persons in the second congres-
sional district of Georgia• which was read a
first and second time, referred 'o the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BIGBY introduced a bill (EI. 11. No.
677) to relieve certain persons therein named
from the legal andpolitical disabilitiesimposed
by the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TURNER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
678) for the removal of the political disabili-
ties of J. A. Crook and James B. Jones, citi-
zens of the State of Alabama ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to ;
be printed.
SALE OF PUBLIC LANDS
Jflr. DOX introduced a bill (H. R. No. 679)
to repeal an act, approved 21st June, I860,
restricting the sale of public lands in the Stiites
of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, ,
and Florida; which was read a first atid sec- j
ond time, referred to the Committee on the j
Public Lands, aud ordered to be printed. j
THE 1IOMHSTEAD ACT. j
Mr. DOX also introduced a bill (II. R. No.
680) to extend the benefits of an act entitled •
"An act to secure homesteads to actual set-
tlers on the public domain.'' approved May 20,
1802 ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee ou the Public Lands,
aud ordered to be printed.
WIDOW OF II. C. FILL15BP.OWN.
Mr. DOX also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
681) authorizing the payment of a sum of
monev to the widow of Henry C. Fillebrown,
a civil engineer, who lost his life by drowning
in the Coosa river, in the State of Alabama,
while engaged in the service of tiie I nited
States; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. DOX also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
682) removing the political disabilities of \V.
A. Vincent and T. J. Burgess, of the county
of Etowah, in the State ot Alabama; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN ALABAMA.
Mr. HAYS introduced a hill (H. R. No.
6831 for the more convenient transaction of
business in the courts of the United States
in the State of Alabama; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
1 printed.
| Mr. SLOSS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
684: in relation to the district court of Ala-
i baraa ; which was read a firn nnd second time,
i referred to the Committee cm the Judiciary,
and ordered to be piinted.
LAND liKIXT TO ALABAMA AND MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. SLOSS also introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 68*)) granting'public lands in the States
of Alabama and Mississippi to the Decatur
and Aberdeen Railroad Company, to aid in
the constructors of a railroad to be built from
!j D-je'-<H;r, Alabama, to Aberdeen. Mississippi :
ij which was rend * first and second time, referred
; to ihe Committee on the Public Lauds, and
ji ordered to be primed.
SOLDIER* Of TIIH WAR OF 1S12.
1 Mix SLOSS also introduced a bill ^H. R.
<1 No. 680 i to amend an act entitled "An act,
,i granting pensions to certain soldiers and snil-
ors of the war of 1812, and the widows of de-
ij ceased soldiers;" which was read a first and
j| second time, referred to the Committee on
>i Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812, and
J ordered to be printed.
I REPEAL OP A JOINT RESOLUTION,
ji Mr. SLOSS also introduced a joint resolu-
:j tion fH. R. No. 59) repealing a joint resolu-
ij tion approved March 2, 1867; which was read
j! a first and second time, referred to the Com-
;! mittee on Revision of Laws of the United
<j States, and ordered to be printed.
!l REMOVAL OF POLITICAL, DISABILITIES.
ij Mr. HANDLEY introduced a bill (II. R.
■ I No. 687) for the removal of the civil and polit-
ical disabilities of Eldridge Barker, a citizen of
Coosa county, Alabama; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN MISSISSIPPI
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 688) to change the place of
holding the district court of the United States
for the northern district of Mississippi; which
j was read a first and second time, referred to
i the Committee ou the Judiciary, and ordered
! to be printed.
j PAY OF fK.HALB EMPLOYES.
I Mr. PERCE introduced a bill (II. R. No.
; 689) to regulate the payment of female em-
ployes of the Government, and lor other pur-
poses ; which was read a first ami second time,
referred to' the Committee on Education and
; Labor, and ordered to be printed.
NORTHERN JUDICIAL DISTRICT OF MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. MORPU1S introduced a bill (II. 11.
• No. GU0) to divide the northern judicial dis-
'' trict of Missisrippi into an eastern and weat-
ern division; which was read a first and
i, second time, referred to the Committee oil
; the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed,
j; UNITED STATES CIRCUIT COURT OF LOUISIANA.
; Mr. SHELDON introduced a bill (H. R.
h No. 601) to confer jurisdiction upon the Uui-
'! ted States circuit court for the fifth circuit in
i; the district of Louisiana in a certain case
therein specified, and for other purposes; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
ji the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
II to be printed.
ij DANIEL M. PAIGE.
1 Mr. BEATTY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
! I 6',>2 i for the relief of Daniel M. Paige, late first
| lieutenant of the thirty-eighth United States
li infantry; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims, and
i ordered to be printed.
! CHARLES TRICHLKK.
I Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, introduced a bill
!i (H. R No. 603) forthe relief of Charles Trich-
j ler, of the county of Adams, Ohio ; which was
i! read a first and second time, referred to the
; Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
j be printed.
ji TRANSPORTATION OF ANIMALS,
1 Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, also introduced a bill
(H. R. No 691:) to prevent crueltyto animals
j! while in transit on railroads or other means
i! of transportation within the United States ;
jl which was read afirst and second time, ordered
I] to be printed, and referred to the Committee
!' on Agriculture.
ji CIVIL SERVICE.
jj Mr. STEVENSON introduced a bill (EL. II.
j No. 00-j) to prevent the appointment to office
'■ or employment under the Government of dis-
honor. and incompetent persons, and to ren-
der officers appointing, and Senators and Rep-
resentativps in Congress recommending them,
responsible for their conduct; which was read
i a fii-ht and second time, and ordered to be
printed.
'•j Mr. STEVENSON. I ask that the bill be
.j read at length, and referred to the select Com-
Ji mittee on the Civil Service.
:! The bill was read. The first section pro-
jl vides that it shall be unlawful for any officer
,1 of the United States to appoint, or for any
j| Senator or Representative in Congress, to rec-
ommend any person for appointment to any
office in or employment under the civil service
of the United States, knowing such person to
be dishonest or incompetent to perform the
duties of such office or employment. Thesec-
!j ond .section provides that it shall bo unlaw-
j| t'ul for any officer of the United States to
1 appoint, or for any Senator or Representative
ij in Congress to recommend any person for
j; appointment to any office in or employment
I, under the civil service of the tinned Sta'es
ij for any other reason or upon any other eon-
,! sidciation. promise, inducement,or expectation
I! than the public good, ami the performance ol
1, the duties of such office or employment The
