1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
third section provides that any person violating
the provisions of this act shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof
in any circuit or district court of the Uni-
ted States be fined in any sum not exceeding
$10,000, or imprisoned for any time not ex-
ceeding ten years, or both, at the discretion of
the court, and shall be liable to the United
States for all damage and loss caused or occa-
sioned by the dishonesty or incompetence of
such officer or employe.
The bi'l was referred to the select Committee
on the Civil Service.
hayden's geological survey.
Mr. MONROE introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 60) providing for printing the pre-
liminary report of Professor E. B. Hayden's
geological survey ; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
survey op nebraska.
Mr. MONROE also introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 61) providing for the print-
ing the final report of the United States sor
vey of Nebraska; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Printing.
bonded warehouses for tobacco.
Mr. ARTHUR introduced a bill (H. R. No.
690) to abolish export bonded warehouses for
the storage of manufactured tobacco and snuff
in bond; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
destruction of forfeited tobacco.
Mr. ARTHUR also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 697) to provide for the destruction of
tobacco legally forfeited and seized by the
United States for fraud against the laws for
the raising and collection of the internal rev-
enue ; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
tax on sales of tobacco.
Mr. ARTHUR also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 098) for the repeal of all acts and parts
of acts creating and imposing a special tax on
sales of dealers in tobacco, manufacturers of
tobacco, and manufacturers of cigars; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
TAX ON' WHISKY DESTROYED BY FIRE.
Mr. ARTHUR also introduced a bill (II.
R. No 699) to remit the internal revenue tax
upon five hundred and forty nine barrels, con-
taining twenty-three thousand four hundred
and sixty-six gallons, destroyed by fire while
in bond in a distillery warehouse, on the 24th
of June, 1869, in the county of Harrison, in
the State of Kentucky ; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
refunding cotton tax.
Mr. GQLLADAY introduced a bill (13. R.
No. 700) to refund the cotton tax collected
under the provisions of the acts of Congress
approved March 7, 186-1, and March 2, 1807;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be piilited, and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Mf-ans.
Mr. GQLLADAY also presented joint, res-
olutions of the Legislature of the State of Ten-
nessee, in favor of the passage of a law refund-
ing the tax paid upon cotton in the years 1865,
1866, and 1807; which were ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
pension? for vta It of 1812.
Mr. GQLLADAY also presented joint res-
olutions of the Legislature of the State of Ten-
nessee, in favor ol an act granting pensions to
the widows of soldiers of the war of 1812;
which were ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
and War of 1812.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE.
Mr. GOLLADAY also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 701) to provide for the erection of
buildings suitable for the use of the United
States courts, post office, custom-house, and
other necessary Government offices at Nash-
ville, Tennessee; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. GOLLADAY also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 702) to remove political disabilities
from certain persons therein named ; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
EXEMPTION LAWS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, introduced a
bill (II. R. No. 708) to make uniform the
exemption laws ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
MARY J. STANE,
Mr. GARRETT introduced a bill (H. Pi.
No. 704) directing the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Mary J. Stane upon the
pension-roll, and to pay her a pension ; which
was read a first and second time, and, with the
accompanying papers, referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
george A. AMIES.
Mr. GARRETT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 705) to authorize the restoration of
George A. Armes to the rank of captain in the
Army ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
LEWIS SCHRAMM.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, introduced a bill
(H. R. No.706) forthe reliefof Lewis Schramm,
late a second lieutenant of the one hundred
and twenty-fourth regiment Indiana volunteer
infantry; which was read a first and second
time, referr-'d to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
LANDS FOR ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a bill (II. R. No.
707) to secure the public lands to actual set-
tlors under the provisions of the homestead
and preemption laws ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
■TAMES C. RATES.
Mr. SHANKS introduced a bill (II. II. No.
708) to place the name of James C. Bates, of
Indiana, on the pension-roll; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered-to bo
printed.
STIi A MSIIir-CANA L.
Mr. SHANKS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 709) directing a preliminary survey and
report on the practicability and cost of the
construction of a steamship canal from the
southern portion of Lake Michigan to the Mis- j
tissippi river at or near the mouth of the river
Ohio; which was rapd a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Railways and
Canals, and ordered to be printed.
ADAM R. WALKER. >
Mr. KERR introduced a bill (H. R. No. ;
710) for the relief of Adam R. Walker; which |
was read a fit si ami second time, referred i
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and ;
ordered lo be printed. i
wuj,rvuw si'eirs. 1
Mr. KERR also introduced a bill (H. R. No. \
711) for the relief of William W. Speirs, late i
assistant surgeon United States Army; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
william ii bridges.
Mr. MANSON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
712) granting a pension to William H. Bridges;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
hermann raster.
Mr. FARWELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 713) for the relief of Hermann Raster,
collector of internal revenue first district of
Illinois; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
john k. iiannay.
Mr. FARWELLalsomtroducedabill(H. R.
No. 714) for the relief of John K. Hannay ;
which was read a first and second time, re
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, aud
ordered to be printed.
pulsion's war of 1312.
Mr. BURCHARD introduced a hill (H. R.
No. 715) granting pensions to certain widows
of soldiers and sailors of the war of 1812:
which was read a first, and second time, referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
and War of 1812, aud ordered to be printed.
w. p and s. is. holiday.
Mr. CREBS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
710) for the relief of W. P. Holiday and S. B.
Holiday, of Cairo, Illinois ; which was read a
first and second time, and, with accompanying
papers, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
soldiers of war of 1812.
Mr. HAY introduced a bill (H. R. No. 717)
to amend an act entitled ''An act granting
pensions lo certain soldiers and sailors of the
war of 1812. and the widows of such deceased
soldiers," approved February 14, 1K71 ; which
was read a. first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensionsand
War of 1812, and ordered to be printed.
granting of swamp lands.
Mr. PARKER introduced a bill (II. R. No
718) granting certain swamp lands in Holt
county. Missouri, to said Holt comfy for
school purposes; which was r-'nd a first and
second time, referred to the Commi'tee on th«
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
john mat.vkv.
Mr. PARKER also introduced a bill (H. It.
No. 719) for the relief of John Matnev, of St.
Joseph, Missouri, late a private in the thirty-
fifth Missouri volunteer infantry ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee, on Military Affairs, aud ordered to
be printed.
courts at springfield and st. joseph.
Mr. PARKER also introduced a bill (II. Ii.
No. 720) to provide for the holding of terms
of the district court of the United Stater, for
the western district of Missouri at St. Joseph
and Springfield, in said State, and to increase
the juiisdic'ton of said di«l net con it; wliir-h
was read a first and si-cond time, referred to
the Committee on the. Judiciary, and ordered
lo be printed.
LEGALIZATION OF POLYGAMOUS MARRIAGES.
Mr. BLATR. of "Missouri, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 721) to legalize polygamous mar-
riages in L't?h, and to dismiss all prosecutions
on account thereof in the courts of s=.id Ter-
ritory : which was r^ad a first and second
time, referred to the Conimitiee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
AMENDMENT TO THE COXSTifUTiOX.
Mr. COM1NGO introduced a joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 62) proposing an amendment
