1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1098
extent the distribution of power to different
branches of the Government contemplated by
the Constitution has been practically abolished.
It is, thirdly, that these appointments are
made at the pleasure of the Senator Irom the
State in winch the office is to he filled'. This
implies a usage between members of the Sen-
ate with each other practically narrowing the
power and responsibility to individual mem-
bers of the Senate. But, if they make bad
selections, the responsibility to the public at
larco is fictitiously imputed to the President
and to the whole Senate.
It is, fourthly, that the President may have
personal knowledge of the unfitness of certain
persons whose appointment is sought, but if
the Senators from the State are in favor of
those persons, the President must yield his
knowledge to their pleasure, or the offices
must remain unfilled.
This implies that a usage has been adopted
by that body, by which it is in the power of
two Senators, or sometimes one Senator, insist-
ing upon an unfit appointment or any appoint-
ment, to compel the whole Senate to refuse its
consent to any other appointment, however
excellent in itself, and thus indirectly to com-
pel the President to forego his own choice and
adopt theirs. It. implies an abdication of the
public duty of the Senate in favor of the pri-
vate interests of its members.
The civil service board reports the estimated
number of officers in the civil service, ap-
pointed, nominally at least, by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, at about three thousand. There being
in all seventy four Senators, this would give
each Senator an averageof fort,y appointments.
In States having but one Republican Senator,
that one controls from eighty to a hundred.
Were there no other senatorial patronage, the
control of Senators over these offices would
give each one an enormous advantage over his
parly friends. He could not be ousted by any
competitor unless with some great effort nearly
equivalent to revolution. Each of these three
thousand officers has subordinates, and some
of them many. There are supposed to be fifty
thousand other officers in the civil service,
each one presumably holding his place by a
personal tenure which obliges him to seek the
success of his pariy chiefly through the success
of his patron. It is a sort of feudal system in
the region of politics, ill fares the man who
aspires to public service, yet neither supports
nor is supported by feudal relations! Such a
system, the growth of nearly half a century of
usage, forbids individual censure, it holds in
its grasp the strongest as well as the weakest.
Neither constable nor President can escape.
The habit of using such vast machinery by
public men for personal objects is suggestive.
In large commercial cities the chief officers of
the revenue service are known to receive inor-
dinate emoluments, altogether beyond the pos-
sibility or pretext of benefit to the country.
At the same points are centered the financial
operations of railroad and other corporations,
whose influence reaches from ocean to ocean,
and up and down many parallels of latitude.
They control appointments and revenues on
a seale equal to some of the great political
divisions of the country, such as States and
cities. They are necessarily vigilant of Gov-
ernment influences, and can pay, without
publicity, sums larger than the salaries paid
by the United States to the justices of the
Supreme Court, to legislators, heads of Depart-
ments, or to the President. Usually at the
same centres the leading subjects for taxation
aic actively represented; the tobacco and
whisky interests; importing and manufactur-
ing interests. Bearing in mind the general
condition of the civil service, receiving or
capable of receiving its impulse from personal
aims; bearing in mind the emoluments ex-
pected to be wielded for somebody, what is to
prevent the representatives of these numerous
interests from attending to their personal aims
by convenient bargains with each other?
What is to prevent such bargains from con-
trolling the election of Senators or Represent-
atives ; the action of nominating conventions
and legislative bodies? What, except that
sense of the sacredness of their trust, on the
part of public men, which, on the facts shown
in the evidence referred to, is resting on inse-
cure maxims and impaired, if not indeed
already lost ?
Who doubts that the unequaled, suffocating
stench of Tammany corruption was the logical
development, the flower and fruitage of bad
maxims in the civil service by the Democratic
party, long ago introduced and fastened upon
the country ? But do such abuses exist with-
out reaching more than one party ? Before
they can live at all have they not to create an
atmosphere which permits them to live? Do
you imagine that a New York Tammany as it
is could live without the companionship of a
New York custom-house as it is, or a New
York custom-house without a Tammany? Or
that either could live without a felonious rail-
road ring, or a felonious railroad ring without
a Tammany and a custom-house?
Did it not require all these things to make
a black Friday," and did not " black Friday "
represent thom all? Arg these colossal sores
upon the body-politic, do you think, the whole
extent of the mischief, or do they represent
a diseased general condition, ulcerating in
cankers and pimples all over the country? Is
the New York Tammany the only thing of the
kind to be treated invidiously, or are the cities
and county seats of the country practicing on
a smaller-scale the maxims of that huge con-
spiracy?
One thing I beseech you not to forget. If
these mischiefs exist, or only even threaten
to exist, the refusal on our part to see them
will not change the fact.
The remedy proposed by the civil service
board, and adopted by the President, is exper-
imental. It contemplates the probability of
changes from time to time, and provides for
them. It avows ageneral purpose to be worked
out, and a disposition toaccept such modifica-
tions as experience may suggest. So far, at
least, it is not chimerical. The board has wisely
dropped from its plan one feature conspicu-
ous in similar plans in other countries. I
allude to the life tenure or good behavior ten-
ure of office. Such a tenure of office would
be always in discord with the maxims and
habits of this country. But they have pro-
posed another rule which seems to me inad-
missible as involving some of the same objec-
tions. After grouping the positions in each
branch of the civil service, they require that
"admission to the service shall always be
to the lowest grade in the group." Officers
already in place shall not be required to com-
pete in examinations for promotion except
with each other. Better candidates shall not
be permitted to take the office unless those in
office are not only less competent, but incom-
petent. This rule would exclude from the
higher grades of each group for an indefinite
time all persons not now in the group, and
exclude for all time persons who from age or
other causes are not willing to begin at the
foot of the ladder and await the slow chances
of regular promotion. No man competent to
conduct a private business would employ sub-
ordinates in that way. I am aware that the
boaid was influenced by reasons which I shall
not have time to discuss.
In the civil service systems of other coun-
tries security of the tenure of office is a
prominent feature, and would naturally be so
for dynastic and political reasons. I have no
idea that the board were influenced by any
reason except the expectation of increased
efficiency from that source. But this idea of
increased efficiency from secure tenure of
office I think is inherited with many other
traditions, and not well founded. Were there
no other objections to it, I believe it would
beget opposition which maybe wisely avoided
to the entire reform. But I am frank to say
that my objection to this feature of the plan
is fundamental.
The outlines of the general plan are con-
tained in thirteen proposed rules, subject to
such changes from time to time in the rules
as may be dictated by better information and
experience. They are founded on the general
idea of withdrawing appointments to the civil
service from the influence of personal patron-
age or favoritism, and placing them on the
ground of merit. They are intended to make
these appointments signify not personal com-
pliance and luck, but character—honor. To
this end the rules make them depend on proof
tof character and upon capacity, tested in part
by competitive examinations.
For the most part, the arguments against
the plan seem to be arguments against the
object; that is to say, against reform, rather
than against the manner of it. They assume
that the examination is to be an absurd one,
directed to scholastic and not practical inqui-
ries; which is exactly the thing not contem-
plated by the plan. They assume that the
proposed tests would not be infallible; and
therefore imply that we should adhere to the
present system, which is admitted to be not
infallible. The question whether or not the
proposed plan would improve the civil service
escapes them. The whole plan and necessity
of reform depend upon the fact that public
men, yielding to inordinate pressure or in
order to secure their own ends, advise to be
made wrong appointments. Yet a common
argument against the proposed reform is
that these public men are from their situa-
tion capable of giving good advice. This
argument implies that no reform is admis-
sible, except one which will not strike at
the mischief to be remedied. It implies
the need only of a reform which shall leave
everything in the same condition as if no refoim
had been made.
Another view is sometimes pressed which is
confessedly melancholy and affecting. Com-
petitive examinations, it is said, will fill our
offices with Democrats. This argument implies
that the Republican party is uppermost for
some reason other than superior capacity to
serve the country. It implies that the strength,
of the Republican party lies chiefly in its infe-
riorities. if such be the fact, no stronger argu-
ment can be made in favor of putting some
other party in power, lfsuchbethe fact, some
other party cannot be kept out of power. Any
system which callsfor that style of defense must
have passed beyond the reach of manly support.
Any party 'fit to lead the American people
must earn its leadership by an open, continu-
ous challenge for its opponents to do better if
they can. The race of the parties is itself an
open, competitive examination before the
people.
The next inquiry is, what can Congress do
in aid of this reform? The Constitution of
the United States requires of the President
that—
"He shall nominate, and by and with the adrica
and consent of the Senate shall appoint, embassa-
dors, other public ministers and consul*, judges of
the Supreme Court, and atl other officers ot the
United States whuse appointments are not herein
otherwise provided for, and which shall be estab-
lished by law. iiut the Congress may by law vest
the appointment of such liiierior officers as they
think proper in the President aione, in the courts
of law, or m the heads of Departments."
The appointing power is therefore vested by
the Constitution. Where it was placed it
must remain. It was the opinion of Mr. At-
torney General Akerman that so much of
this power as i3 vested m the President can-
not be circumscribed by a law requiring him
to select according to the report of an examin-
ing board. The discretion must remain after
all with him, where the Constitution places it.
In cases where the power has been vested
by an act of Congress in the courts of law, or
in heads of Departments, it was yet vested
