2886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
settlement 01? railroad accounts.
Mr. NEGLEY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2599) providing for the settlement of the
accounts of sundry railroad companies ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
ross winans and thomas winans.
Mr. SWANN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2600) for the reliefof Boss Winans and Thomas
Winans; which was read a first and second
time. , , ,
Mr. ELDREDGE. I ask that the bill be
read in full. M.y friend from Maryland never
prepares anything that is not good reading.
The bill was read at length, and was referred
to the Committee on Patents, and ordered to
be printed.
port of brunswick, georgia.
Mr. McINTYRE introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 2C01) to declare the poit of Brunswick,
Georgia, a port of entry and delivery ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee oil Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. SLOSS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2602) to remove the legal and political dis-
abilities of Wade Keyes, of Florence, Ala-
bama, and other persons therein named;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
grant of lands to alabama.
Mt. 1IANDLEY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2603) to grant to the State of Alabama all
the public lands within the Slate remaining
undisposed of for the benefit of the free public-
school fund of said State ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to tlie Com-
mittee oil Education and Labor, and ordered to
be printed.
horticultural gardens.
Mr. HAYS introduced a bill (H. It. No.
2004) to regulate the control of the horticul-
tural gardens ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture, and ordered to be printed.
william lott.
Mr. MOltPHIS introduced a joint resolution
(H. It. No. 146) to refer the claim of William
Lott, administrator of the estate of Aaron Lott,
to the Court of Claims; which was read a first
and second time, and, with the accompanying
papers, referred to the Committee of Claims.
joseph james.
Mr. PERCE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2605) granting a pension to Joseph James ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
public schools.
Mr. PERCE also introduced a bill (H. It.
No; 2606) to provide for the greater efficiency
of the public schools in the several States, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I ask that that bill be
read.
The bill was read at length, referred to the
Committee on Education and Labor, and
ordered to be printed.
louisiana, etc., railroad.
Mr. LAMISON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2607) to incorporate the Louisiana, Ark-
ansas, and New Mexico Railroad Company;
which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Railways and
Canals, and ordered to be printed.
bounty to soldiers.
Mr. McKINNEY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2608) granting bounty to certain soldiers
therein named ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
flexible ocean telegraph shield.
Mr. READ introduced a bill (H. It. No.
2609) appropriating money to James Story
for the purpose of enabling him to perfect
his discovery and patent known as the flexible
ocean cable shield; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I ask that the bill be
The bill was read at length, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed. 0KI)]sb 0j? business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired. The Chair will entertain proposi-
tions to refer bills and joint resolutions by
members who were not in their seats when
their States were called.
steel guns for sea-coast defense".
Mr. STOUGHTON introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2610) to provide for the sale of useless
arsenals, and the construction of an arsenal
for the manufacture of steel guns for sea-coast
defense; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
frances c. elliott.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2611) to grant a pen-
sion to Frances C. Elliott, widow of Commo-
dore Jesse D. Elliott; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
antoine brossa.
Mr. AVERILL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2612) for the relief of Antoine Brossa, of
company I, eighty-third regiment New York
volunteers ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
uniform system of bankruptcy.
Mr. BOLES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2613) to amend an act entitled "An act to
establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States," approved
March 2, 1867, and the several acts amend-
atory thereof; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Re-
vision of the Laws of the United States, and
ordered to be printed.
st. louis, salem, and little rock railroad.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 2614) granting the right of
way through the public lands of the United
States to the St. Louis, Salem, and Little
Itoek Railroad Company ; which was read a
first and second dine, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
aaron archer.
Mr. MANSON introduced a bill (H. K. No.
2615) restoring Aaron Archer to the pension-
roll ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
troubles in cherokee country.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved, That the President be requested to in-
form the House of all the facts connected with the
recent difficulties m the Cherokee country, in the
Indian torritory.
public building at rockland, maine.
Mr. HALE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2616) authorizing the
construction of a public building at Rockland,
Maine; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to purchase at private
sale a lot of land situate in the city of Rock-
land, Maine, suitable for a site for a public
building to accommodate the custom-house,
post office, and any other office of the General
Government in said city, and to erect thereon
a building, the cost of site and building being
limited to $50,000, of which amount $25,000
is hereby appropriated, provided that no money
appropriated shall be expended until a good
title to the land is obtained and the State of
Maine shall cede jurisdiction over the same to
the United States.
Mr. HALE. I will say that the port of
Rockland, one of the largest in the State of
Maine, has no custom-house or post office
building. This bill has been submitted to all
the members except one of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, who have con-
sidered it informally and authorized me to
present it now, which is the only opportunity
of doing so.
There being no objection, the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reappointment of a west point cadet.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 147)
to authorize the appointment to the West Point
Military Academy of Paul St. Clair Murphy;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I ask unanimous
consent that this resolution be put on its pas-
sage now.
The joint resolution was read. It authorizes
the President, in his discretion, to reappoint
Paul St. Clair Murphy, of New York, is a
cadet in the United States Military Academy,
provided that he be nominated for such re-
appointment by the Representative in Congress
of the district in which he may be an actual
resident.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of this joint resolution now?
Mr. STOUGHTON. I object.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I move that the
rules be suspended and the resolution passed.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
motion, there were—ayes 64, noes 58; less
than two thirds voting in the affirmative.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I call for tellers.
I am satisfied that if this resolution were un-
derstood there would be no objection to it.
This young man was six months in the
Academy, and was declared deficient on ac-
count simply of some recitation marks. In
everything else, personal conduct, character,
&c., he was unexceptionable.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
charge of just such a case, in which I would
like to have the same action taken that is now
proposed here.
Mr. \V. R. ROBERTS. I have not the
slightest objection to the adoption of a similar
resolution with reference to that case. Thisres-
olution provides simply for the reappointment
of this young man upon the recommendation
of the member from his district.
Mr. COBURN. Why not refer the resolu-
tion to the Committee on Military Affairs? '
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. It cannot be reported
back in time.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I under-
stand this young man comes from my district,
and I will say that I am perfectly willing to
reappoint him. A mere informality prevents
his reappointment.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Coburn and
Mr. W. R. Roberts were appointed.
Mr. RANDALL. I understand it is not
