1990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27,
more time, although I was not speaking for
that purpose. My amendment, as the Senator
from Kansas has suggested, is not as mature
as it would have been if I had not had to
write it in about two minutes. I should like a
little time to prepare a proper amendment. I
accept the suggestion of the Senator from
Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state before the bill passes away that the next
motion, after non-concurrence, would be the
motion of the Senator from Wisconsin for the
appointment of a conference committee on the
disagreeing votes disclosed between the two
Houses. The Senator from California, how-
ever, when he withdrew his amendment, re-
served the right, to move to concur in the
House amendment-with this amendment, and
that was accorded to him by unanimous con-
sent. That will therefore be by consent of
the Senate the prior question when the sub-
ject is again resumed. The Senator from
Ohio now demands the regular order.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senator from
Indiana proceeds, I desire to state that if a
majority of the Senate will stay wilh ine and
support rue, I hope to get a vote on the tariff
bill to-night, especially us the Indian appro-
priation bill and the deficiency bill are very
pressing, and there is an earnest desire to pass
them soon. I hope, therefore, a majority of
the Senate will to day sit out the taiilf bill.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to make one sugges-
tion to the Senator from Ohio and the Senate.
Here is a bill which passed the Senate some
time ago and has come back from the House
of Representatives amended, Mid on the merits
of that amendment the Senate has already
expressed its opinion. All we ask on behalf
of the State of Wisconsin is a committee of
conference.
Now, the Senator from California desires to
debate this question. That is conclusive evi-
dence that the morning hour never will sulfice
to get action oil that amendment. We cannot
get it oft' I'rom the table, we cannot get it away
from the Senate, in the morning hour; we
must take a session for it some time. Will not
the Senator from Ohio allow us to hear the
residue of this debate at the present time and
take this vote to-day?
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator will
not ask me to consent to that. The circum-
stances are such that I cannot consent unless
a majority of the Senate shall decide to lay
aside the tariff bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The tariff bill
being before the Senate, the Chair will recog-
nize the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,]
who can lestthe. sense of the Senate by moving
to lay the tariff bill on the table. If not, it
must be before the Senate, and two Senators
have apparently risen to debate it or to offer
amendments.
Mr. HOWE. I think I will try the sense of
the Senate. I shall then have discharged my
duty.
'J he VICE PRESIDENT. The tariff bill
being before the Senate, the Senator from Wis-
consin moves that it lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask whether the
Senator from California has concluded his
ieuituks ?
Mr. HOWE. No j he has not concluded his
remaiks.
Mr. CONKLING. I would suggest to the
Senator from Wisconsin, if he will allow me,
to try, first, general consent. The other vote
was a test vote. This vote follows as a matter
of course.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio objected to informally passing over
the tariff bill any longer.
Mr. CONKLING. My suggestion is that
the Senator from Wisconsin try consent in
thit way to the tariff bill being laid aside and
Che vote on this question being taken now. I
think under the circumstances, although I do
not wish to interrupt the Senator from Cali-
fornia, perhaps it is quite likely the Senator
from Wisconsin might get consent from all,
including the Senator from California, to allow
this vote to be taken, as there will be a future
opportunity for him to express his views on
the bill.
Mr. HOWE. Nothing would delight me
more than just such a consent as that.
The VICE _ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin asks unanimous consent that
the tariff bill be informally passed over to take,
without further debate, the vote on the propo-
sition in regard to the Bayfield and St. Croix
road.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not aware that the
Senator from Wisconsin understood me to
say that I had had no tirrfe to prepare my
amendment. I am sure th6 Senator from New
York did not hear that.
Mr. CONKLING. Ididnot. On the con-
trary, I supposed the Senator might hand his
amendment to the committee of conference,
and very likely get for it as much attention in
that way as any other, and that that might be
satisfactory to him.
Mr. CASSERLY. The sanction of the
Senate to this amendment would be a great
deal more valuable than any weight it would
have as emanating from any single Senator.
Therefore I should greatly prefer to have
the vote of the Senate upon it. 1 believe that
it will command a larger vote than the motion
to concur, because it is one that must com-
tnenditself, I think, on principle, to every Sen-
ator. I did not suppose after the statement that
I should be very glad to have further time to per-
fect my amendment there would be any dis-
position to press the matter to a vote to-day.
As I said, it was a bill brought up in the
moaning hour; it was known that the bill
would lead to debate; and therefore I think
that no Senator should take it ill that the debate
has been and promises to be protracted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to make a state-
ment, and appeal to the Senator from Califor-
nia. According to the parliamentary law and
the practice of the Senate, when the Senate
agrees substantially to the amendment of the
House it is then open for debate upon an
amendment to the amendment of the House;
but where the Senate by a vote show that they
do not agree to the substance of the amend-
ment of the House, as a matter of course there
is an end of attempting to perfect it by an
amendment. It is usual, therefore, to send it
to a committee of conference to see whether
any amendment can be proposed, or whether
there can be any agreement on the main sub-
ject-matter. Hence, it strikes me that the
course now proposed by the Senator from
California is extraordinary in the Senate.
The Senate have already by a vote on concur-
rence voted down the amendment of the House
of Representatives. Now he proposes to sub-
mit the same question in a little different form.
It seems to me that he can accomplish noth-
ing by his motion, and it will only create delay
and embarrassment.
Tbe VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
that it was not in exact accordance with the par-
liamentary law ; but the Senator from Califor-
nia seemed to desire, when appeals were made
by the Senators from Wisconsin and others to
withdraw the amendment, to reserve the right
to offer it afterward, so that he could test the
sense of -the Senate upon it. Therefore, the
Chair was compelled to state that although
not in accordance with parliamentary law, tbe
next question after the disagreement being
on appointing a committee of conference,
the Senator had reserved the right to offer
this amendment. The Senator from California
is now upon the floor on the bill with the
amendment pending by the consent of the
Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I owe it to myself
to recognize the kindness of the President
in restating the position that I occupy in
regard to this amendment. The amendment
was withdrawn for a moment by me with the
understanding that I might offer it after the
Senate had voted to concur or non-concur in
the House proposition. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio, with great diffidence, how-
ever, on account of his longer experience,
whether he is correct in supposing that there
is anything unparliamentary in my offering an
amendment to the House bill, even after the
Senate had refused to concur ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not say it was un-
parliamentary ; I said it was unusual, because
I think the Senator has a right to offer a'n
amendment to the amendment of the House ;
but after the Senate have refused to concur in
the House amendment, refused to consider
the subject of the House amendment, the
motion for a committee of conference is the
uniform custom, and, according to my. experi-
ence, the universal custom of the Senate. I
have no doubt the Senator's motion js parlia-
mentary, but I do not thiuk it is according
to the usual course of proceedings in the
Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from California that the
motion made by him is not parliamentary ; but
it was received because he reserved the right to
offer it with the assent of the Senators inter-
ested in the bill. After non concurrence with
the other House, if you could then move
amendments to the action of the other House,
you would never finish a bill in the world.
The next question after a non-concurrence
is on sending the bill back either with or with-
out a request for a committee of conference ;
if without such request, and the House do not
ask it, the bill fails; if with that request, the
House can concur or non-concur ; if they non-
concur, then it is for the Senate to recede.
But the Senator from California reserved the
right, which the Chair has endeavored to pro-
tect him in, of offering this amendment even
despite the vote of the Senate on concurrence.
It will involve in the journalizing of these pro-
ceedings an entry of a reconsideration of the
vote on concurrence. The Senator from Wis-
consin, as the Chair understands now, does
not desire to cut out the amendment. He
simply desires to ask that the vote shall be
taken upon that amendment, and also upon
appointing a conference committee, without
further debate. The Senator from California
having the floor has a right to object. His
amendment being received, he has a right to
debate it if he insists upon it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not so well in-
formed on the parliamentary law as perhaps I
should be. My time here has been short,
however, and it has been occupied with the
substantial things of legislation more than
with the practice and rules of parliamentary
law. 1 suppose that every day unparliament-
ary things take place by unanimous consent
or by unanimous understanding.
The V1CE PRE SI DEN1'. They do.
Mr. CASSERLY. And for the time being
the agreement makes the law, whatever that
may be. I feel called upon to say that much,
because I do not mean ever to occupy know-
ingly an unparliamentary position on this floor.
The ViCE PRESIDENT. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from California to
object to the proposition of the Senator
from Wisconsin? The Senator from Ohio
yielded to allow the vote to be taken on the
proposition of the Senator from California,
and also on appointing a conference com-
mittee. Then the Senator from Wisconsin
obtained the floor on the tariff bill, moved to
lay it on the table, and withdrew the motion
to allow the question to be decided. If the
Senator from California desires the floor, he
has it for debate on the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope tbe Senator from
