1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2887
proposed to put this young man back in his
old class, but merely to let him commence
over again.
Mr. VV. f£. ROBERTS. Certainly; that is
all.
Mr. RANDALL. So that no injustice will
be done to anybody.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes sixty-two, noes not counted.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I am willing this
joint resolution shall be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, with leave to report
it back at any time.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I object to that.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I move to suspend
the rules, so as to allow the Committee on
Military Affairs to report back this resolution
at any time.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. W. R. Roberts, there were—ayes 84,
noes 45; less than two thirds voting in the
affirmative.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. W. R. Rob-
erts, and Mr. Butler of Massachusetts, were
appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 79, noes 43 ; less than two thirds
voting in the affirmative.
So the motion of Mr. W. R. Roberts was
not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. -The Chair will state to the gentleman
from New_York [Mr. W. R. Roberts] that as
the committee is next but one on the call of
committees, the adoption of his motion would
not materially have expedited the resolution.
DISABILITIES OF SION H. ROGERS.
Mr. PETERS. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, who have had under consideration the
case of Mr. Rogers, a member-elect from the
State of North Carolina, have directed me
to report a bill (H. R. No. 2617) to remove
the legal and political disabilities of Sion H.
Rogers.
_ The bill, which was read a first and second
time, proposes that, with the concurrence of
two thirds of each House of Congress, all polit-
ical and legal disabilities be removed from Sion
H. Rogers, of the State of North Carolina.
Mr. PETERS. I will state that the gentle-
man who has been contesting the right of Mr.
Rogers to a seat retires from the contest, and
the friends of Mr. Rogers on both sides of the
House are very anxious that this bill shall be
passed.
Mr. DICKEY. Was not Mr. Rogers a mem-
ber of Congress at the time of secession?
Mr. PETERS. No, sir; he was attorney
general of Noith Carolina during the rebel-
lion. He has petitioned for the removal of
his disabilities, and the petition is indorsed
by Governor Holden, Governor Caldwell, the
judges of the State courts, and other influen-
tial citizens.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and, two thirds
Voting in favor thereof, was passed.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH; by unanimous con-
Bent, submitted the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to :
. -Resolved, That the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds are hereby directed to inquire and
report to this House to what extent purchases have
been made for public buildings erected, repaired,
or furnished, otherwise than in pursuance of adver-
tisements and bids duly made for the same.
CENTENNIAL INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION.
^ Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2618) relative to
the centennial international exhibition to be
held in the city of Philadelphia, State of
Pennsylvania, in the year 1876 ; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. L. MYERS. I desire to say but one word.
This bill has been drafted by "the centennial
commission, is printed, and presented here at
their request. I desire to accept any amend-
ments which may be offered to the names
included in the bill, and for that purpose I ask
that the bill be read.
The Clerk read the bill, as follows:
(4 Whereas Congress did provide, by an act entitled
An act to provide for celebrating the one hundredth
anniversary of American independence by holding an
international exhibition of arts, manufactures, and
products of the soil and mine in the city of Phila-
delphia and State of Pennsylvania in the year
1876/'approved March 3, 1871, for the appointment
of commissioners to promote and eontrol the exhi-
bition of the national resources and their develop-
ment, and the nation's progress in the arts which
benefit mankind, and to suggest and direct appro-
priate ceremonies by which the people ot theUnited
States may commemorate that memorable and decis-
ive event—the Declaration of American Independ-
ence, by the Congress of the United Colonies assem-
bled in the city of Philadelphia, on the 4th day
of July, A. D. 1776; and whereas such provisions
should be made lor piocuring the funds requisite for
the purposes aforesaid as will enable all the people
of the United States, who have shared the common
blessings resulting from national independence, to
aid in the preparation and conduct of said interna-
tional exhibition and memorial celebration under
the direction of the commissioners of the United
States: Tfaerefoie,
seclion 1. Be it enacted by the Senate and House
of Representative* oj the United States in Congress
assembled. That Robert M. Patton, Levi W. Lawler,
John Held, John W. Durr, Joseph If. Bradley, David
P. Lewis, Jauies Fitt-*, G. X. McAfee, of Alabama;
Levi Bashford, C. T. Hayden, of Arizona; Frederick
Kramer. Charles Miller, II. P. Coolidge, of Arkan-
sas; William Alvord, Thomas 11. Selby, Peter Don-
ahoe, Tyler Curtis, Richard Ogden, Olaus Sprekles,
John Bidwell, Charles Maclay, Edgar Mills, Wil-
liam C. Ralston, A. S. lialhdie, Milton 6. Latham,
D. Jarrett White, of California; Edward M. Ma-
Cook, Jerome B. Chaffee, James Archer, Henry M.
Teller, George M. Chilleott, William Gilpin, of Col-
orado; Ward Cheney, Charles Parker, Charles
Benedict, Nathaniel Wheeler, John W. Slater, E'i
Whitney, ot Connecticut; C. Thompson, S. B.
Stough, Albert Smith, of Dakota; Job A. Jack-
son, Washington Jones, Edward Betts, Joshua
T. Ileald, John W. Evans, Abraham Shannon,
James H. Russell, John Ponder, of Delaware; li.
D. Cooke, A. R. Shepherd, N. 13. Fugitt, J. L.
Home, John 0. Evans, R. C. Fox, Moses Kelley, of
District of Columbia; Ambler D. Grifnfrh. C. Park-
hurst, William Curry, J. Brosnahan, A. Hopkins,
of Florida; H. Bricbam, G. E. Thomas, jr., Octavus
Cohen, John McDearmid, E. W. Crocker, S. T.
Coleman, J. B. Ross, of Georgia; J. W. Griffin, Mor-
gan Morgan, of Idaho; William F. Coolbaugh,
Norman B. Judd, William B. Ogden, J. M. Adsit,
H. 0. Armour, D. J. Ely, J. W. Bunn, John Wil-
liams, George Brunei-, Charles Fisher, Johu C. Proc-
tor. L. C. Bull, of Illinois; W. C. DePan, John C.
Culbertson, H. C. Newcomb. John S. Newman, J. P.
Siddall, of Indiana; B. F. Alien, James F. Wilson,
James M. Tuttle, of lovva; Joan J. lugulls, C. W.
Babcock, of Kansas; John S. Walton, John G.
Gaines. C. H. Slocomb, of Louisiana; M. F. Dick-
inson, jr., John G.Diake, Sauiuel AbbottGreeu, Wii-
S. Appleton, Francis B. llayes, James Savage,
Charles W. Upliam, Oliver Wendell Holmes, Samuel
Foster Haven, Charles Doane, Lorenzo Sibine, Ed-
mund Hamilton Sears, Charles Brooks, James lias-
sell Lowell. of Massachusetts; Samuel F. Hersey,
Charles P. Kimball, of Maine ; Enoch Pratt, George
E. Franklin, William II. Goodman, James Andrews,
Horace Abbott, F. L. Braims, A. S. Abell, Alexan-
der Brown, of Maryland; R.A. Alger, J. A. Jerome,
George F. Bagley, of Michigan; Russell Blakeley,
Dorilus Morrison, of Minnesota; William G. Elliot,
Matthew Foster, C. F. Lohman, Beauvais Reno,
Samuel C.Davis, of Missouri; A. Warner, John A.
Klein, Thomas E, Helm, J. A. Miller, W. J. Sykes,
ot Mississippi; Frank C. Deimling, of Montana;
Alvin Saunders, John F. lledick, William H. James,
of Nebraska; J. 0. Hampton, R. S. Egbert, J. P.
Smith, S. Cole, A. W. C impbell, of Nevada, Samuel
W. Hale, Joseph B. Walker, of New Hampshire;
Charles S. Olden, John R. Mullancy, Marcus L,
Waid, Joul Parker, Courtland Parker, Theodore F.
Randolph, Alexander G. Cattell, A. S. Hewett, Ben-
jamin G. Clark, Thomas R. McKeen, Jesse E. Pey-
ton, John H. Lyon, Thomas M. Gopsill, D.B. Grant,
George Peters, William Moore, of New Jersey; Wil-
liam H. Appleton, John Taylor Johnston, Moses
Taylor, Cornelius Yanderbilt, Nathan C. Ely, Sam-
uel J. Tilden, William A. Whitebeck, Henry San-
ger, Peter Naylor, William M. Vermilye, Henry
Clews, Howard Potter, A. T. Stewart, William B.
Astor, William C. Fowler, Demas Barnes, John A.
Griswold, John Crouse, J. M. Wairen, Charles
Bliven, S. F. Pratt, Sidney Shepard, Homer Rams-
dell, Samuel Shethar, E. Keteham, J. F. Ternil,
James Bogardus, Samuel II. Vance, George H.
Moore, James Lennox, John 13. Moreau, Edward L.
Henry, C.Baldwin, of New York; JamesB. Hughes,
L. JI. Adams, James II. Chadbourn, L. A. Hart, of
North Carolina; John Welsh, J. Edgar Thomson,
Adolph E. Borie, Morton McMichael, William M.
Tiyun,oi°^lu 9' James. B. F. Jones, Matthew Baird,
John Sboenberger, William Sellers, A. J. Drexol,
0?°£&e-,Y' C£s?' Cooke, Thomas A. Scott, George
W. Childs, John L. Shoemaker, Edwin II. Fitter,
William Semple. Robert F. Tayior, William W.
Harding, Daniel M. Fox Samuel fl. French, James
James A- ireemau, JohuPrice Weth-
erill, William Frew, J. Vaughan Merrick, William
Thaw, John W. Forney,George W. Hill, J. Gilling-
ham iell, GeorgeG. Meade, Charles S. Wood, Frank
M. Etting, William J. Horstman, Eli K. Price
James Thompson, Alexander M. Fox. Joseph F
Tobias, Theodore Cuyler, Franklin B. Gowen.H. f!
Kenney, L. M. Thompson, James M. Robb, Henry
M. Phillips, Henry C.Gibson, JacobRiegel. William
L. Scott, Frank Wells, Dr. E. H.Morwitz, Frederick
Fraley, A. II. Franciscus, John H. Michener, John
Rice, 1. A. Comly, M. Hall Stanton, Thomas H.
1 owers, Conrad S. Grove. Samuel M. Felton, Joseph
Wharton, Henry C. Carey, A. L. Crawford, Charles
H. Stinson, Dr. Joshua T. Jones, Joshua Lippincott,
of Pennsylvania; William S. Slater, Alberts. Gal-
lup, Ambrose E. Burnside, Seth Padelford, AmosC.
Barstow, James T. Smith, of Rhode Island; George
W. Williams, Andrew Simonds, 1). T. Corbin, L. D.
Chjlds, R. K. Scolt, C. W. W. Dudley, 11. P. Ham-
mett, Thomas J. Pickins, Reuben Totnlinson,
of South Carolina; Oliver P. Temple, Edmund
Cooper, Henry G. Smith, William H. Brown, W.
M. Farrington, R. W. McClell.in. R. S. Jones,
of Tennessee; W. Jockusch, H Rosenberg, J. P.
Davie, T. T. House, W. J. Ilutchins, of Texas;
Samuel S.Walker, John P. Taggart, of Utah; Horace
Fairbanks, Lawrence Barnee, James Saxe, Joel
Fletcher, D. Taft, Stephen L. Herrick, of Vermont;
Williams C. Wickham, Joseph R. Anderson, J. G.
Cecil, Hugh Blair Grimsby, J. E. Roller, John B.
Minor, A. B. Cochran, Edward Mayo, Barton Hax-
all, Peter V. Daniel, jr., of Virginia; Lewis Apple-
gate, James McOJunoy, 0. C. Dewey, J. N. Camden,
John Hall, John P. Hale, Allen T. Carpenton,
Charles J. iaulkner, Benton Despard, of West Vir-
ginia; C. C. Washburn, Alexander Mitchell, Phi-
Ictus Sawyer, John Lawler, D. A. Baldwin, James
H. Howe. C. G. L. Meyers, James Campbell, of Wis-
consin; John A. Campbell, Stephen F. Nuckolls,
Frank Walcott, William T. Jones, William A. Car-
ter, Edwin Dawsou, Luther Fillmore, Orlando North,
George W. Corey, of Wyoming Territory, their asso-
ciates and successors, are hereby created a body-
corporate, to be known by the name of the cen-
tennial board- of finance, and by that name to
have an incorporate existence until the object for
which it is formed shall have been accomplished, and
it shall be competent to sue and to bo sued, plead
and be impleaded, defend and be defended, in all
courts of law and equity in theUnited States; and
may make and have a coiporale seal, and,may pur-
chase, take, have, and hold, and may grant, sell, and
at pleasure dispose of all such real and personal
e-tate as may be required in carrying into effect the
provisions of an act of Congress entitled " An act
to provide for celebrating the one hundredth anni-
versary ol American independence, by holding an
international exhibition of arts and manufactures
and products of the soil and mine, in the city of
Philadelphia, and State of Pennsylvania, in the
year 1876," approved March 3, 1871, and ail acts
supplementary thereto.
Sec. 2. The said corporation shall have authority,
and is hereby empowered to secure subscriptions
of capital stock to au amount not exceeding
SI0,IJ()(),000, to be divided into shares of ten dollars
each, and to issue to the subscribers of said stock
certificates therefor under the corporate seal of said
corporation, which certificates shall bear the sig-
nature of the president and treasurer, and be trans-
ferable under such rules and regulations as may be
made fortlie purpose. And it shall be lawful for
any municipal or other eoporate body existing by
or under the laws of the United States to subscribe
and pay tor shares of said capital stock, and all
holders of said stock shall become associates in said
corporation, and shall be entitled to one vote on
each share; and it shall be the duty of the United
States centennial commission to prescribe rules to
enable absent stockholders to vote by proxy. The
proceeds of said stock, together with the receipts
from all other sources, shall be used by said copora-
tion for the erection of amiable buildings, wi! li their
appropriate fixtures and appurtenances, and for all
other expenditures required in carrying out the
objects of the said act ol Congress of March 3,1873,
and which may be incident thereto. And the said
corporation shall keep regular minutes of its pro-
ceedings and full accounts, with the vouchers there-
for, of all the receipts and expenditures, and the
same shall be always open to the inspection of the
United States ccntennial commission or any mem-
ber thei eof.
Sec. 3. Books of subscription shall be opened by
the United States centennial commission, under
such rules as it may prescribe, and an opportunity
shall be given, dunnga period of onehundied da>s,
to the citizens of each State and Territory, to sub-
scribe for stock to an amoutnot exceeding its quota,
according to its population, after which period of
one hundred daysscock not taken jpay be sold to
any person or persons or corporation willingto pur-
chase the same.
Sec. 1. After the expiration of said period of one
hundred days the United States centennial com-
mission shall issue a call for a meeting, by pub-
lication iu one or more newspapers published at the
capital of each State and Territory, not less than
thirty days prior thereto, of those who may then
have subscribed for stock, to be held in the city of
Philadelphia, for the purpose of electing a boaid of
directors, to consist ol twenty-five stockholders,
