1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1991
Wisconsin will not embarrass the tariff bill,
on which there is great anxiety to have the
final action of the Senate. This railroad bill,
which has survived for sixteen years, I think
will stand for another day.
Mr. HOWE. This bill may or may not
stand for another day. The tariff bill will. I
■will withdraw my motion in a'moment. Let
me explain why I made it. I am struggling
here for an extension of this grant. The
amendment that comes from the House does
something infinitely worse than to take the
grant from the State of Wisconsin. I shall
not consent to any imputation being heaped
upon Wisconsin for the discharge of the trust
which was imposed upon her in 1856. If we
are forced to debate this thing ever, which I
hope we never shall be obliged to do, I shall
show to the Senate that it was your act, con-
gressional action, which prevented the State
of Wisconsin from executing the trust reposed
in her in 1856. But I am not struggling with
that point now. I say the amendment which
came to us from the House of Representatives
does a wrong to the State of Wisconsin infi-
nitely worse than denying to her that right, be-
cause you withdraw a large body of land from
market, which is one of the great inducements
to settlement.
Now, it is manifest to every one of us who
have sat here this morning that there must be
more than the morning hour given to the con-
sideration of this matter some time. I thought
it might as well be afforded to-day as on any
other day. The Senator from Ohio is anxious
to go on with the tariff bill. 1 know very well
that when he gets through with the tariff bill
my friend from California [Mr. Cole] will
have a large family of appropiiation bills that
he will want nursed immediately. You see
this thing never can be considere<!hwithout in-
conveniencing somebody's bill. But the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Casseiilt] says he
has not had time to consider his amendment.
Now, when any man is suffering for want of
time, I am not the one to deny it to him. 1
shall therefore withdraw the motion to lay the
tariff bill upon the table, and in view of what
I have already said I hope the Senate will not
think me unreasonable if to-morrow, in case
I am lucky enough to get the floor, I shall ask
their attention to this matter, and ask them to
give attention to it long enough to dispose of
it. I withdraw the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The tariff bill
is before the Senate.
presidential approval,
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the act (S. No. 94) for
the relief of Miss Keturah Cole.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheiison, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report of
the committee of confereucc on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (S.
No. G81) to provide for the reporting and print-
ing of the debates in Congress.
executive communication.
The Y1CE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting additional papers relative to the pro-
posed telegraphic communication between
various military posts in Arizona ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
tea and coffee duties.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1537) to repeal existing duties on tea and
coffee.
Mr. SCOTT. I stated yesterday that if any
of the amendments proposed to this bill should
be adopted it would frustrate the object I had
in bringing it up—speedy action on the tea
and coffee duties—and that in that event I
would yield this bill and surrender to the
chairman of the Committee on Finance the
conduct of the general tariff bill. In a con-
ference with him this morning, however, he
states that as the second section of the com-
mittee's amendment to House bill No. 173
has been adopted as an amendment to this
bill, which substantially brings the merits of
the whole tariff bill before the Senate, he
prefers that I should not take that course,
and that it should remain before the Senate,
thus bringing the whole subject before it. It
is because of his desire that I do not carry
out the intention which 1 announced yester-
day.
Mr. MORTON. Yesterday I gave notice
that to-day I should renew the amendment
which 1 had offered to abolish all internal taxes
except those on tobacco, spirits, and fermented
liquors, including the tax on stamps; but in
deference to the wishes of a number of friends
with whom I am accustomed to act on this
floor, I will not present that amendment. They
express the apprehension that its adoption
might, endanger the bill in the other House
upon a constitutional ground which I think has
no valid foundation. Though that is my opin-
ion, still, fo avoid embarrassment, I will not
present the amendment. These Senators, how-
ever, express their purpose to vote for this
amendment when attached to another bill—-
theirpurpose to abolish the internal taxes with
the exceptions which have been named. I have
said this simply to explain the reason why I
fail to present the amendment this morning.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the attention of the
Senate now to the condition of the bill, be-
cause I hope it is in that stage when, without
any further amendment or auy farther debate,
we can pass it.
The House of Representatives sent us a bill
to repeal the duties on tea and coffee, which
is a surrender of revenue to the amount of
$16,500,000. We have added to that a free
list which surrenders revenue to the amount
of $3,734,000; we have added to that the
second section of the committee's report on
the other bill, which surrenders a revenue of
$8,274,000, making a total reduction of
§28,508,000. The alterations made by the
adoption of the House tea and coffee bill have
changed to some extent the plan of the com-
mittee ; but all the provisions of the bill re-
ported by the Committee on Finance have
been agreed to except the first section. If the
first section should be adopted, it would
involve the surrender of $3,449,000 more.
We have gone now to the extreme to which
any prudent man desires to surrender revenue.
The internal tax bills, when they come to us
in the proper way, so that we can consider
them without raising any controversy with the
House of Representatives, will in all human
probability surrender $25,000,000 of revenue.
Indeed, every member of the Senate will vote
for the repeal of the tax on adhesive stamps
and on gas, which, with the residuum of the
income tax which falls this year without
further action of Congress, will amount to
$6,500,000. That will be a surrender of in-
ternal revenue to the amount of $25,700,000:
so that the amount surrendered by the two
bills will be $54,208,000.
Now, sir, that is more than we ought to sur-
render; that is more than we ought to repeal;
but the position in which we are involved is
caused by the action ofthetwo Houses in repeal-
ing the revenue duty on tea and coffee. I trust
now that the Senate will take the bill as it
stands and pass it. I gave notice last night
of my intention to offer the bill reported from
the Committee on Finance just as it was re-
ported. I do not believe it would carry, or I
would do it. I do not wish to consume time
by offering it. But now it is impossible for us
to go one step further in repealing taxes with
any reasonable prudence and care. 1 trust,
therefore, the Senate will just take the bill as
it is and send it to the House of Representa-
tives, and I believe the House will concur
with us in the amendments we have made,
and that -will be the end of the tariff question
for this session.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio mean to take the bill with the
second section of the committee's proposition,
which cuts off $8,000,000?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I h,ope the Sen-
ate will never do that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us have the vote.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I shall have
something to say on that when we get into the
Senate.
Mr. SHER.MAN. When we get into tha
Senate the Senator can have a separate vote on
that. That is the only disputed question now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Preliminary to
the Senate concurring in the second section in
the^ Senate there can be amendments moved
to it.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Is it now
in order to amend the second section ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not. It
will be when the bill is reported to the Senate.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to add to the free
list " arsenate of aniline."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
have to reserve that until the bill is reported
to the Senate, as these are specific amend-
ments already agreed to, and they will be re-
ported each one separately, so that each Sen-
ator will have the opportunity to amend them
prior to the vote on concurrence.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole will
be reported in detail, so that each one can be
treated separately, each one being important.
The first amendment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the first amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole, which
was to strike out "from"and insert "on"
in the third line; to strike out "passage of
this act" and insert " 1st day of July next
and in the fifth line, to strike out " and the
same are hereby" and insert "and that all
tea and coffee which may be in the public
stores or bonded warehouses on the said 1st
day of July shall not be subjected to duty upon
the entry thereof for consumption, and all tea
and coffee remaining in bonded warehouses
on said 1st day of July, upon which the duties
shall have been paid, shall be entitled to a
refund of the duties paid."
The amendment was concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole was
to insert the free list. This amendment covers
thirteen pages of details of the free list, includ-
ing the filth section of the amendment of the
Committee on Finance, reaching from the
seventh to the twentieth page of the print of
House bill No. 173. The Senator from Ala-
bama desired to amend the section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think he does not desire
that now, because arsenic in all forms is put
on the free list.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
will be on concurring in the free list of the
Committee on Finance, from the seventh to
the twentieth page, inclusive, including the
fifth section at the end of that amendment.
Mr. FilELlNGHUrSEN. I desire to offer
as an amendment an addition to the free list,
"flax valued at twenty-two cents'a pound."
I am informed that there is a kind of flax not
made in this country at all which is used
exclusively in the manufacture of twine.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senate will
be very careful in adding to this free list.
With regard to this particular subject-matter,
the manufacturers of linen in this country
appeared before the Committee on Finance,
and at their request we declined to make ai\y
change in the duties on their manufactured
