3784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Mr. SiON H. Rocusks appeared at the bar,
and qualified by taking the oath prescribed by
law.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the sundry civil appropriation bill, and pend-
ing that motion, I move that debate on the
pending paragraph terminate in five minutes.
The motion to close debate was agreed to.
The motion that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole was also agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Scofield in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. 11. No. 2T05) making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1873, and for other purposes.
Mr. MOKEY. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Strike out the pending paragraph, and insert the
following:
That the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and
Abandoned Lands shall be discontinued from and
after June 30,1872 ; and all employes, except such
clerks as may be retained by the Secretary of War
for closing up the accounts of said bureau, shall be
then discharged, and the sutn necessary to pay the
salaries of such clerks is hereby appropriated, and
all acts and parts of acts pertaining to thecollection
and payment of bounties, or other moneys duo to
colored soldiers, sailors, and marines, or their heirs,
shall remain in force until otherwise ordered by
Congress, tho same to be carried into cffect by the
Secretary of War, who may employ such clerical
force and agencies as may be necessary for the pur-
pose, and the amount necessary for the payment of
such force is hereby appropriated.
I believe that this amendment will obviate
all the objections that have been urged against
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Indiana, [*Mr. IIolman,] and at the same time
provide a sure and expedient way of closing up
the affairs of the bureau.
I think that under the Secretary of War and
the regulations he will prescribe, the payment
of these bounties can be made much more
expeditiously than they can be under the pres-
ent machinery of the Freedmen's Bureau. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Butlcu] said
that a part of this money was necessary to pay
agents to go up and down the States in search
of these colored soldiers. Now, it is within
my knowledge that no such work is done in
the State of Louisiana. There is great diffi-
culty, after all the legal requirements have
been met and fulfilled, for the colored soldiers
in remote portions of the Stale, distant from
New Orleans, to receive their money. From
my part; ot' the State they have to go to New
Orleans at an expense of thirty dollars, two or
three times, in order to ascertain that their
claims have been allowed. Then frequently,
as it is within -my knowledge and the knowl-
edge of iny colleague from the third district,
the money has been put in the Freedmen's
- Savings Bank in New Orleans, and the officers
of the bank have said that it was not there, and
that money while retained in the Freedmen's
Savings Bank has frequently been loaned to
the Canal Bank of New Orleans at six per
cent, per annum. It has been to the interest
of the agents of the bank to keep the money
there and not to pay it promptly. Now, I wish
to see this matter put under the charge of the
Secretary of War. This amendment allows
him all the necessary force and all the neces-
sary agencies that in his judgment may be
necessary : but I wish to see this system broken
up by which the money of the colored soldiers
and sailors of the southern States is detained
in savings banks when it should be paid to the
sailors and soldiers themselves.
Mr. GAKFIELD, of Ohio. This is an
indefinite appropriation, and I hope it will
not prevail.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate upon this
paragraph is now closed by order of the House.
The question was put upon the amendment
of Mr. Speer, of Pennsylvania, to strike out
" $100,000" and insert " $80,000," and it waa
disagreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Morey's
amendment; and being put, there were—ayes
69, noes 76.
Mr. MOREY. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HANKS. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the word "proviso" in
line ten hundred and eighty-five:
And who is hereby authorized to send a special
officer to Helena, Arkansas, to pay to the soldiers
of the sixty-third regiment United States colored
infantry the amount found to be due them for
bounty and back pay.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That amend-
ment has been voted down once in the same
words.
Mr. HANKS. No, sir. The point of order
was raised on it by the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Sargent,] but he withdrew it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
point of order now.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. McNEELY. I offer the following
amendment:
Strike out al! after the word " proviso," in line
ten hundred and seventy-nine, to the word " Secre-
tary," m line ten hundred and eighty-four, and
insert tho words, "and all bounty, prize-money,
and other legitimate claims of colored soldiers and
sailors shall be paid in the same manner, under the
same laws, and subject to all conditions and restric-
tions under whioh bounty, prize-money, and other
legitimate claims are paid to white soldiers and
sailors."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
point of order that that amendment changes
the existing law.
Mr. McNEELY. It puts upon the same
footing the white and colored soldiers.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The amendment changes the
existing law for the payment of these boun-
ties.
The Clerk read as follows :
For support of Freedmen's Hospital and Asylum
at Washington, District of Columbia, namely: pay
of medical officers and attendants; medicincs, med-
ioai supplies, andrations; clothing; rent of hospital
buildings, fuol, and lights; repairs and transporta-
tion, $74,000: Provided, That no part of said appro-
priation shall bo used in the support of or to pay
any of the aforesaid expenses on account of any
persons hereafter to be admitted to said hospital
and asylum, unless persons removed thither from
some other Government hospital: Provided, That
after June 80,1872, the Freedmen's Hospital in the
District of Columbia shall, until otherwise ordered
by Congress, be continued under the supervision
and control of the Surgeon General of the Army,
who shall submit all estimates and pass all accounts
through the Secretary of War, and be accountable
to the Treasury of tho United States for all expendi-
tures.
Mr. RAINEY. I offer the following amend-
ment :
Strike out all after the word " the," in the eleven
hundred and eighth lino, page 46, and insert the
following: "Secretary of War, who shall make all
estimates and pass all accounts, and bo accountable
to the Treasury of the United States for all expendi-
tures;" so that it will read:
Provided, That after June 30, 1872, the Freed-
men's Hospital in the District of Columbia shall,
until otherwise ordered by Congress, be continued
under the supervision and control of the Secretary
of War, who shall make all estimates and pass all
account?!, and be accountable to the Treasury of the
United States for all expenditures.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is no
objection to that. It leaves it substantially as
it is now. It is the same thing.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk road as follows :
Signal office:
For manufacture, purchase, or repair of meteoro-
logical and other necessary instruments; for tele-
graphing reports; for expenses of storm-signals an-
nouncing probable approach and force of storms:
for instrument shelters; for hire, furniture, and
expense of offices maintained for public use in cities
or posts receiving reports; for maps and bulletins,
to bo displayed in Chambers of Commerceand Boards
of Trade rooms; for books and stationery; and for
incidental expenses not otherwise provided for,
$225,000: Provided, That no part of this appropria-
tion, nor of auy appropriation for the several Depart- ,
meats of the Government, shall be paid to any tele- ]
graphic company which shall neglect or refuse to
transmit telegraphic communications between said
Departments, their officers, agents, or employes,
under the provisions of the second section of chap-
ter two hundred and thirty of the statutes of the
United States for the year 1866, and at rates of com-
pensation therefor to be established by the Post-
master General.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to in-
sert after the word " storms," in line eleven
hundred and sixteen, the following:
Throughout the United States for the benefit of
commerce and agriculture.
That is to improve the language.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am also in-
structed to offer the following proviso to come
in at the end of the paragraph now pending:
Provided also, That whenever a telegraph com-
pany shall have filed its written acceptance with the
Postmaster General of the restrictions and obliga-
tions required by the act approved July 24,1866,
entitled "An act to aid in the construction of tele-
graph lines, and to secure to the Government the
use of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses/' if such company, its agents or employes
shall hereafter refuse or neglect to transmit any
such telegraphic ccftnmunications as aie provided
lor by the aforesaid act, or by the joint resolution
of the Senate and House of Representatives No.9,
approved the 7th day of February, 1870, to authorize
the Secretary of War to provido for taking meteor-
ological observations at military stations, and at
other points of the interior of the continent, and for
giving notice on the northern lakes and sea-board
of the approach and force of storms, such telegraph
company shall forfeit and pay to tho United States
not less than $100 and not exceeding $1,000 for each
refusal or neglect as aforesaid, to be recovered by an
action oraction&at law in any district court of the
United States. • *
Mr. BROOKS. Why recite all this in the
amendment ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio It refers to the
acts that gave privileges to a telegraph com-
pany, as 1 explained a few days ago. The
amendment provides that if any telegraph
company, having accepted the terms of the
acts referred to, shall refuse to do the work
according to the terms agreed upon, they shall
be liable to a fine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the paragraph
so as to make the appropriation $250,000.
And I ask the Clerk to read it as it will stand
if so amended.
The Clerk read as follows:
For manufacture, purchase, or repair of meteoro-
logical and other necessary instruments ; for tele-
graphing reports; for expenses of storm-signals
announcing probable approach and force of storms;
for instrument-shelters; for hire, furniture, and
expense of offices maintained for public use in cities
or posts receiving reports; for maps and bulletins to
be displayed in Chambers of Commerce and Boards
of Trade rooms; for books and stationery ; and for
incidental expenses not otherwise provided for.
$250,000.
Mr. HALE. This is undoubtedly a large
increase over the appropriation of last year.
•But I doubt whether in- any single matter'that
has been initiated and adopted by the Gov-
ernment so much general interest has been
felt and so much _ general good been obtained
as from this distribution all over the country,
at the expense of the General Government, of
the weather reports. The North, the South,
the East, and the West are all alike interested
in them. It is of course a thing that has in-
creased and grown upon our hands as the
necessity and want for it have been developed.
The Department estimated for $250,000.
The Committee on Appropriations, which I
may say has been very much inclined where
ever it could to cut down the estimates, cut
down that estimate to $225,000. I do not claim
that I- offer this amendment restoring the
amount of the estimate, $250,000, by the au-
thority of the Committee on Appropriations.
Yet I believe that no member of the com-
mittee, after having heard all that we heard
upon that subject, will oppose it. I believe
they are fully as much convinced of the im-
portance of the work, and that $250,000 is not
too much, as I am; but that may not be so.
I hope my amendment will be agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
