148
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
Senate.
The Tariff—Mr. Hamilton.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
in the section declares who shall vote and at
what elections, whatever results iu depriving
any one within that rule from exercising that
right is a denial thereof.
Then, what is an abridgment of the right to
vote? I answer any addition to the require-
ments of the section is an impairing or abridg-
ing of the right therein guaranteed? Can we
say that a rule adopted by the State by which
each voter must pay $100 tax before he could
vote would not be an impairing of his right to
vote; and does the fact that he complies with
the law and pays the amount change the char-
acter of the law, or make that just which was
before payment unjust, or make that which is
an abridgment, if you please to so call it, of
his right to vote when not paid no abridgment
when paid? It seems to me that such reason-
ing confounds the nature or character of the
law with the ability or willingness of the citi-
zen to submit to and comply with its demands;
and is totally at variance with the letter and
spirit of the second section of the amendment.
I understand the second section to mean
that no additions or requirements not police
in their character and effects shall be added
by a State to the qualifications of a voter as
declared incite section without incurring the
penalty provided. The only reason why re-
quirements police in their nature and effects
are allowed, is that they are required to pre-
serve and protect the purity of the ballot. The
exercise of the elective franchise is of no value
to the citizen without the purity of the ballot
is preserved, and whatever is necessary to
attain that end and that end alone, is consist-
ent with the rule declared, and not to beheld
an abridgment of the right of the citizen.
From what has preceded, the Ilouse will
understand that I maintain that the right to
vote is denied in all cases where a denial results
i'rem the operation of the law, and that denial
cannot be confined to that class of cases where
the law requires an impossibility, but that the
true test is does the person vote or not ? If he
does, it is no denial; if he does not because of a
non-compliance with the State law, it is adenial;
that the true distinction between a denial
of the right to vote and an abridgment of
that li^ht is not does the State law reduce the
number of voters entitled by the section to
vote m the State, but does the State law add
to the qualifications declared in the section,
qualifications other in their nature and effects
than ihe purity of the ballot demand.
MEANS BY WHICH THE PENALTY IS TO BE ENFORCED.
1 will now proceed to consider the means
whereby the penalty declared in the section is
to be administered.
The idea advanced in the debates that the
facts necessary to establish the extent of the
denial or abridgment of suffrage by the States
could and should be secured through the cen-
sus is entirely erroneous. The past effort in
that direction has signally failed, and must
forever foil for reasons not within the control
of the officials in charge of that work. No
series of questions can accurately determine
even the true effect of a property qualification ;
and if they could in 1870, and it resulted in
denying suffrage to five thousand in a State,
the same would not be true in 1875 ; and yet,
under the censes idea, the right of tbe"bitizen
to vote under the second section would only
be protected once in ten years, an absurdity
too glaring to insist upon.
I submit that the only mode by which the
facts can be ascertained is to have the number
of votes rejected at each election named in
the section, with the grounds of rejection care-
fully recorded and returned, and the records
of the same kept subject to the call of the two
Houses of Congress, whenever the condition
of the elective franchise in a State demands
their intervention. This would give an exact
record of the number of persons actually
deuied the ballot, and couid not work evil,
while the abridgment can be more easily
determined, inasmuch as the law itself, as
applied to the voters in the States, would at
once dispose of that question ; for where there
is an abridgment it applies to every voter,
and as it consists in such additional qualifica-
tions in addition to those named in the second
section as are not police in their nature and
effects, Congress can enforce it from the State
law as applied to the voters in the State.
The adoption of this construction enables
Congress to meet all attacks on suffrage in
the spirit that suggested and adopted the pen-
alty declared in the second section, and thus
secure what was intended and desired by the
two Houses in its adoption, and by the States
in its ratification.
IMPORTANCE OP THE ENFORCEMENT OF THE SECOND
SECTION.
If it is agreed that the States not affected
directly by a denial or abridgment of the right
of their own citizens to vote are still deeply
interested in the enforcement of the rule as
to others, by reason of the undue influence
such States would have in this House and in
the Electoral College as compared with the
States that do not deny or abridge suffrage,
then the propriety and necessity of providing
for the enforcement of the second section—to
say nothing of the solemn duty of the nation
to protect the right of every male inhabitant
of the States and citizen of the United States
twenty-one years of age in the enjoyment of
the right guarantied therein—becomes self-
evident.
But in view of the coming elections this fall,
and the serious consequences that may possibly
follow the denial of suffrage by one or more
of the States, extending possibly in its effects
to the control of this House in the Forty-Third
Congress, and even to the determination of
who shall be the next Chief Magistrate of the
nation, as well as the deep interest the States
have and must feel in knowing how and to
what extent this section is to be enforced, it
becomes our solemn duty to provide by legis-
lation at this session of Congress for its due
enforcement.
If such shall be the sense of this House, the
Senate, and Executive—and thereby the States
are put upon their guard, the citizen further
protected in his rights, and the content of the
country further assured—all will have cause to
rejoice. If, on the contrary, it is deemed best
to leave the ballot to the mercy of a partisan
spirit that will not hesitate to deny or abridge
it, that political powermaybeattained thereby,
I can but submit, and look to the outrages that
will inevitably follow for that reawakening that
is, on the one hand, a terror to evil doers, and
on the other the hope ofthe weak and oppressed.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. W. T. HAMILTON,
OF MARYLAND,
1st the Senate of the United States,
March 20, 1872.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. ft. No. 173)
to repeal the duty, on salt—
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, said:
Mr. President: The tariff has been the
theme of statesmen, politicians, and political
economists for centuries. It has been used for
all the purposes of a nation and to subserve
the interests of individuals and classes in soci-
ety. It has played its part in all the relations
of society, and still promises to continue so to
do for some time to come. There appears to
be no diminution in the enchanting power of
this simple word. No sooner is it named, iu
legislation especially, before interests begin to
stir to their depths, classes move with vigor,
passions flame up, and speculation and philos-
ophy and statistics are armed with all their
available enginery of both assault and defense.
This simple word, rather singular to an Eng-
lish ear, had its origin, it is said, from the little
town of Tarifa, named in honor of Tarif an
Malik, a Berber chief, and situated in the
narrowest part of the straits of Gibraltar, and
which commanded the trade of the Mediterra-
nean passing'through those straits, and where
the Moors in centuries past levied tribute on the
passing vessels of other nations, at fixed rates.
As the feudal system, with its peculiar sys-
tem of government, disappeared ou the conti-
nent of Europe, and a self-supporting military
personal service and aids and taxes in kind
began to give way before the establishment of
armies and subsidies and taxes, ^his custom
of the Moors brought to the minds of the
sovereigns of Europe a very easy method of
raising a very considerable revenue. Upon
trial it was soon discovered that it was the
easiest way of raising revenue, giving little or
no discontent, because with the mass of the
people, then, as even now, in this more culti-
vated and enlightened day, the tax or tariff,
when paid upon an article, is not separated in
thought from the real value of the article it-
self, but all is mixed up iu the price paid for
it. The article is only dear or cheap in the
mind, as it happens to be when bought, without
a thought or comment as to the amount of the
tariff upon it, or whether there be any upon it
at all.
As I before remarked, Mr. President, the
tariff since its origin has been applied to many
purposes, and at times diverted almost entirely
from its original purpose. When the Moors
levied this tribute, and thus gave rise both to
the custom and the name, it was done simply
for the tribute money; and so also when it
was first imposed in Europe, it was simply and
purely for revenue ; it was to raise money for
the State. No idea of protection was at all
involved in it; in fact no other idea than that
of money.
Protection in these early days stood upon
another footing, particularly in England. It
was no mixed idea then, of revenue and inci-
dental protection, or of proteciion per se in
laying a tariff ostensibly for revenue ; but the
Parliament of England came to the point at
once ; it forbid exportations, prohibiied import-
ations of speeial articles of manufacture or of
the raw material, as it suited reigning inter-
ests, or was disposed to protect or nourish or
encourage them. As early as Edward III it
prohibited the export of wool and corn, and
cattle; and again prohibited the impoitation
of woolen manufactures, silks, cotton, corn, and
salt provisions. Protection was then regarded
as an independent proposition, not, connected
with the raising of revenue in anywise, and
subject to the control of the legislation of an
omnipotent Parliament. But as the tariff
came into common use, and was found so val-
uable a resource of raising revenue without
creating discontent, itw-ag'soon discovered that
it might be put to other most effective uses.
As commerce revived and increased and
extended, and, with agriculture and manufac-
tures, became one of the great, and, we may
say_, _ rival interests of mankind, a set of
poliiical economists or philosophers of that
early day, disported themselves on the theory
of the Balance of trade. They taught that
the balance of trade ought to lie wiih each
trading nation, and that that balance ought to
be in the precious metals, gold and silver;
they taught that the nation that at the end of
the trading year had no balance of gold and
silver in her favor was on the way to ruin.
The only way to retain this balance was to sel 1
more than you buy; get the balance in gold
