2888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
whose term of office shall be one year, and until
their successors shall have been qualified ; at which
meeting those who may be present in person, or by
proxy, shall be competent to organize and elect said
officers. The said board of directors, and every sub-
sequent board, shall be chosen by the stockholders
out of a list of one hundred stockholders, selected
and nominated by the United States centennial
commission. Nine members of the board of direc-
tors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction
of business, but no election or change or oincers
shall take place unless at a meeting of the board ot
directors, at which a majority shall be present.
Skc. 5. Said board of directors shall elect, from its
own number, a president and two vice presidents,
•whose term of office shall be one year, and until
their successors shall have been duly qualified, and.
shall appoint a treasurer, a secretary, and such other
officers as may be required to carry out the purposes
of the corporation, which elected and appointed
officers shall hold their respective offices during the
pleasure of the board, receiving such compensation
as the board may prescribe; and the board shall
also adopt such by-laws, rules, and regulations for
its own government, and for the government of its
officers, as may be deemed expedient, provided, that
the same shall not be inconsistent with any act of
Congress, or the rules adopted by the United
States centennial commission.
Skc.6. As soon as the board of directors shall have
been duly organized, as provided ibr in section five
of this act, it shall be the duty of the United States
centennial commission to deliver to the said board
all stock subscription books, with the papers and
records of any kind in its possession, pertaining to
the same. , „ , . ,, ^
Skc. 7. The grounds for the exhibition shall be
prepared and the buildings erected by the said
corporation, in accordance with plans which shall
have been previously adopted by tho United States
centennial commission, and the rules and regula-
tions of said corporation, governing rates for ''en-
trance," and 44 admission" fees, or otherwise affect-
ing the rights, privileges, or interests of the exhib-
itors. or of the public, shall be fixed and established
by the United States centennial commission; and
no grant conferring rights or privileges of any de-
scription connected with the said grounds or build-
ings, or relating to said exhibition or celebration,
shall be made without the consent of the United
States centennial commission, and said commis-
sion shall have power Co control, change, or ro-
voko all such grants, and shall appoint all judges
and examiners, and award all premiums.
Seo. 8. The centennial board of^ iinancc shall
have authority to issue bonds, not in excess of its
capital stock, and secure tho payment of tho same,
principal* and interest, by mortgage upon its prop-
erty and prospective iucouio.
Sec. 9. it shall bo tho duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury of tho United States, as soon as practica-
ble after the passage of this act, to cause to bo pre-
pared, in accordance with a design approved by the
United States centennial commission, a sufficient
number of certificates of stock to meet tho require-
ments of this act, and any person found guilty of
counterfeiting, or attempting to counterfeit, or
knowingly circulating false certificates of stock,
heroin authorized,shallbe subject to the same pains
and penalties as are or may bo provided by law for
oounterfoiting United States currency.
Skc. 10. As soon as practicable after the said ex-
hibition shall have been closed, it shall be the duty
of said corporation to convertits property into cash,
and, after the payment of all its liabilities, to divide
its remaining assets among its stockholders, pro
rata, in full satisfaction and discharge of its capital
stock. And it shall bo the duty of the United
States centennial commission to supervise tho
clOBing up of the affairs of said corporation, to audit
its accounts, and submit, m a report to the Presi-
dent of the United States, the financial results of
the oontennial exhibition.
Sbc. 11. The commission crcatcd by the act referred
to in the preamble of this bill is hereby made and
constituted a body politic and corporate in law,
with power to do such acts and enter into such obli-
gations as may be promotive of the purposes for
which such commission was established. Its title
shallbe "The United States Centennial Commis-
sion." Itshall have a common and corporate seal,
and possess all the rights incident to corporate
existence.
Sko. 12. The alternate commissioners appointed
pursuant to section four of the act approved March
3,1871, referred to in the preamble to this act, shall
have all the powers of a commissioner when the
commissioner is not present at any meeting. When
the commissioner is present the alternate may par-
ticipate in the debates andserve on committees, but
shall have no vote.
The appointments of all commissioners and alter-
nate commissioners made since March 3,1872, are
hereby ratified and confirmed; and all vacancies
now existing or which may hereafter exist shall bo
filled at any time hereafter in like manner as is pro-
vided in said act of March 3,1871, for the appoint-
ment of commissioners.
Sec. 13. It shall be the duty of the United States
centennial commission to make report from time to
time to the President of the United States of the
progress of the work, and in a final report present a
full exhibit of the result of the United States cen-
tennial celebration and exhibition of 1876.
During the reading of the bill,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, said: There are
a large number of members who propose to
offer amendments to the names included in this
bill. I ask my friend from Pennsylvania to
allow the bill to be recommitted to some com-
mittee with leave to report at any time.
Mr. BINGHAM. We can finish it here
now. , ,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me that
the bill should be left at the Clerk's desk until
every member can have an opportunity to see
the names from his own State.
Mr. CONGER. I move that the bill be
committed to the Committee oil the Judiciary.
Mr. L. MYERS. I do not yield for that
purpose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In order to
save time, I hope the gentleman will refer the
bill to some committee.
Mr. L. MYERS. If the House will hear me
for a moment, I will make a suggestion. The
desire is that all proper names shall be ac-
cepted. There is a very proper anxiety on
the part of members to amend it. Now, in
order to save time, I will myself move that
the bill be recommitted to the Committee on
Foreign Alfairs.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What has it to do
with foreign affairs?
Mr. L. MYERS. Because the centennial
exhibition is an international one. I move that
"it*- be recommitted to that committee, with
leave to report at any time.
Mr. CONGER. I move that the committee
be instructed to report a provision that the list
of incorporators shall comprise one name
from each congressional district.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like to in-
quire of the mover of this bill why he proposes
this immense corporation with $10,000,000 of
stock?
Mr. Ij. MYERS. If this were the time for
discussion I could easily satisfy the gentle-
man.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I suggest an amendment
to my colleague. The ninth section of the
bill provides that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall issue stock in ten dollar shares. That
will make a million of certificates of stock. I
do not know how much it will cost, but the
amount must be considerable.
Mr. L. MYERS. He can issue one certifi-
cate for a large number of shares.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think the corpora-
tion ought to print their own stock. I hope
that whatever committee has the matter under
consideration will look to that matter.
The SPEAKER. The motion is that the
bill be referred to the Committee ou Foreign
Affairs,and the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Conger] moves, as instructions to the Com-
mittee, that when the bill is reported back the
list of incorporators shall be confined to one
from each congressional district.
Mr. CONGER. I will modify that motion
by striking out one and inserting two from
each congressional district.
Mr. KELLEY. I should like to suggest
an amendment that it should read not less
than one or two, or whatever the number
may be.
Mr. CONGER. My motion fixes the num-
ber at two.
Mr. KELLEY. I trust the motion will be
so amended that there shall not be less than
two from each congressional district.
Mr. KING. And that those names shall be
furnished by the member representing the dis-
trict in Congress.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope that will be left
to the discretion of the committee.
Mr. LOWE. Allo^ me to make this sug-
gestion, that the member shall be according to
the new apportionment, as there are many States
entitled to more Representatives under the
new apportionment than they have now, and
if it be according to the congressional districts
as at present, it will not be just to those States.
My own State, which has only one member, is
entitled under the new apportionment to three
members. I therefore suggest that it be so
amended that there shall be not less than two
from each congressional district according to
the new apportionment.
Mr. CONGER. That is the object of my
motion.
Mr. LOWE. That it shall be according to
the number of members under the new appor-
tionment, and not according to the number of '
rt i nf*hl rtfo
Mr. CONGER. Certainly.
Mr. L. MYERS. Let me say one word.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And we should also
add one member each for the States of Ver-
mont and New Hampshire. [Laughter.]
Mr. POLAND. 1 should like to suggest in
reference to these various plans that they are
quite unimportant. If these gentlemen m the
bill sign for stock they become members of
the corporation, and if they do not, they cease
to be members of the corporation, so that the
putting in of these names is quite unimport-
ant. "" N
Mr. L. MYERS. I wish to say that the\
admission of whatever number of names does j
not hurt. The very object contemplated is j
that this great national undertaking suould be j
represented from every State and Territory in I
the United States. I am willing, therefore, tof
accept the suggestion of the gentleman from
Michigan, to provide that there shall not bft
less than two from each congressional district
in the United States. No power is particu-
larly vested in these men. The act itself
confers powers for the legitimate purpose for
which the commission has been created, and
that power is in the commission itself, and not
specially in these incorporators.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I must demand
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. This is proceeding by
unanimous consent.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to make this state-
ment: if this is to be a national corporation
it should be represented by congressional dis-
tricts, and not all be swallowed up by a great
crowd of names from New York or Pennsyl-
vania or any other locality. If it is not, then
let us take all the incorporators from the city
of Philadelphia.
Mr. L. MYERS. The object is to make it
a great national undertaking. That was the
original design, and that is the reason why this
bill is now introduced. The gentleman has a
very narrow vision if he sees anything else, as
he generally does.
Mr. CONGER. My amendment is that
there shall be two from each district.
Mr. L. MYERS. I say not less than two.
Mr. TYNER. I move to amend that there
shall be from each State four at large in addi-
tion.
Mr. SARGENT. And two from each Ter-
ritory.
The SPEAKER. The question will be put
upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Tyner,] that there shall be four
from each State at large in addition.
The amendment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question nextrecurs
on the motion of the gentleman from Michi-
gan as amended.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to further amend
by providing that there shall be two from each
Territory.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move to amend by pro-
viding there shallbe not less than two from
each district.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. COBURN. As the gentleman from
Michigan has not yet put his amendment in
shape, as it stands now there may be more
Representatives from some States than there
are districts in those States. In some States
members are elected at large. From Illinois
one Representative is elected at large. I sug-
gest that the motion be so amended as to pr0"
vide there shall be double the number of
