1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1993
mittee have struck out the regulus, but have
left the antimony, crude. I believe the com-
mittee have no objection to this amendment.
There is now only a duty of ten per cent, on
this article. There is a new enterprise just
being inaugurated in Nevada where they can
manufacture little else, and it is a very im-
portant article there. It is manufactured, I
believe, by only two or three English con-
cerns. It is an article of considerable import-
ance to this country.' I believe the committee
do not object to strike this out in order that
this industry may be protected at least to that
extent. There ought to be an increased duty
placed on the article, but my motion is simply
to strike it out from the free list and allow the
duty to remain at ten per cent, upon it as it
now stands.
Mr. SHERMAN. Perhaps I ought to ex-
plain to the Senate that when line forty was
inserted we admitted duty free the regulus of
antimony, and having struck that out, I am
not sure but that the motion of the Senator
from Oregon ought to prevail, to strike out
crude antimony. That leaves on the free list
"antimony, ore, and crude sulphuret ofso
that the ore comes in duty, free and crude
antimony.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
think it is of any importance at all whether it
is in or out. This is merely the ore. It is a
heavy, cumbrous article that would never, in
my judgment, be brought here ; but if the
Senator from Oregon desires to have it out, I
have no objection.
Mr. CORBETT. I think it had better go
out.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
amendment by adding what is contained in
lines twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty, and
thirty-one, on the second page of the bill as
it was offered by the Committee on Finance.
In order to make it appropriate I suppose I
shall have to offer as an amendment the first
part of the report of the Committee on
Finance, commencing at line five—-
That on and after the 1st day of July, A. D. 1872,
in lieu of the duties heretofore imposed by law on
the articles mentioned in this section, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid on the goods, wares, and
merchandise in this section enumerated, imported
from foreign countries, the following duties and
rates ot duty, that is to say:
On salt m bulk, and on all rock Sitlt, or mineral
salt, nine cents per one hundred pounds.
On salt, in bags, sacks, barrels, or other packages,
twelve cents per one hundred pounds.
I believe that reduces the present duty on
salt just one half. Am I right?
' Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Having tried yesterday
to put salt on the free list unsuccessfully, I now
propose to add the salt duty to the present
amendment in the same form as the Commit-
tee on Finance recommended it. If the bill
passes as it is now pending, there will be no
reduction whatever of the duty upon salt. My
amendment proposes to reduce the duty on
salt just one half, if I am correct, and the
chainnan of the committee will inform me
if I am correct.
Mr. SHERMAN. Just one half.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The report of the com-
mittee was to reduce it one half, and I offer
that as an amendment, to the pending bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Illinois that the
pending amendment now reported from the
Committee of the Whole, as each amendment
is taken up separately, is simply the free list.
Alter that will then come up the second sec-
tion, which enumerates a number of articles
reducing the duty upon them ten per cent. It
will then be in order to move this amendment,
which is not a proposition to add to the free
list, or, after that shall have been disposed of,
to move it as an independent proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The vote will first be
taken, then, on agreeing to the amendment
adding the free list ?
The VltJE PRESIDENT. The free list by
itself.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to the Senator
from Illinois that after the amendments that
have already been agreed to in committee
have been acted upon, he can then offer this
as an independent section.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose to
offer it at this moment if it embarrasses the
proceedings. I will withdraw it for the present.
I think the better place probably will be to
offer it on the second section.
The VICE PBESIDENT. The Secretary
will reserve it until the time comes when the
Senator desires to offer it.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to insert "salt" on
the free list. I do so because I think that is
the most odious of all the taxes that are im-
posed by the tariff or by any other process of
taxation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois has suggested an amendment,
which he Las reserved, proposing the same
reduction on salt which the Committee on
Finance reported; but the Chair understands
that the Senator from Missouri desires to have
the question taken now on the absolute free-
dom of salt.
Mr. BLAIR. I heard the suggestion of the
Senator from Illinois, and as a matter of course
I should have voted for his motion had he seen
proper to offer it. I desire now to offer the
same amendment that was offered by the Sen-
ator yesterday, to insert salt upon the free list,
and I do so because I regard the tax on salt
as a most iniquitous tax; one that is utterly
indefensible.
The ground upon which Senators have
placed the defense of this tax is that it is a
vast benefit to certaii* laborers ; that it en-
ables certain persons to obtain employment
who would not otherwise have it at high
rates of wages for their labor. In my opin-
ion none of these industries that are pro-
tected have anything to do with raising the
wages of labor. In my judgment, the price
of labor in this country is regulated, not by
the protected industries, but by that much
greater interest, the unprotected industries;
industries that are not only unprotected, but
that are plundered for the protection of other
interests. These are the great industries that
give value to the labor of this country and
have always given value to it. Those are
the industries that regulate the price of labor.
It will be a sad day for the laborers of this
country, if it should ever come, when these
monopolies will have it in their power to reg-
ulate the rate of wages in this country.
We can look back to the time when we had
no tariff, and we find therateof wages of labor
in this country at those times was just as much
above the rate of wages in the old countries
as it is now under the protective tariff. There
are a hundred laborers engaged in other occu-
pations to every one who is employed by these
monopolies. It is the value of labor in all
these unprotected industries that gives value
to the labor of those that are engaged in these
manufactories that are protected; and yet
Senators would have us believe that all the
laborers of this country owe their prosperity
to these monopolies 1
How much do the laborers of this country
owe to the salt monopolies of New York and
the Saginaw and the Ohio companies? Are
they indebted to them for paying a rent of
§75,000 a year to the Kanawha salt-worksand
closing them up? These united monopolies
have closed up the Ivanawha salt-works. They
pav an annual rent of $75,000 for those works,
and have shut them up to prevent production
in order to enhance the value of the products
of their other works.
Mr. BORiiMAN. The information of the
Senator is at variance with mine in regard to
the Kanawha salt-works. A portion of the
works have been suspended temporarily, but
there is a portion of them at work manufac-
turing salt. That is my information.
Mr. BLAIR. I speak upon the authority of
persons very well informed on this question,
who state that these works were rented or
leased at what is called a dead rent of $75,000
by the combined companies of Onondaga,
Syracuse, the Ohio company, and the Saginaw
company.
Now, how many laborers are employed in
these salt-works? There are not above ten
thousand laborers in this country employed in
the production of salt. " Theproduction of salt
has gottobea monopoly in this country. Yes-
terday the Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pome-
eoy] informed us they had a little salt-work
in the State of Kansas; that they were attempt-
ing to build up an industry of that kind, and
he described the difficulty that this young enter-
prise encountered. These old monopolies pro-
tected by the Government of the United States
had gone into his State and undersold them,
and put down the price of salt so low that the
new company could not produce it in compe-
tition with them.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me a moment, thatl may obtain some inform-
ation from him ?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING-. I understand him to
say that the salt business is a monopoly in
this country. Is he aware of the relation
which the quantity of imported salt bears to
the quantity of home-manufactured salt?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir, I am quite aware of it.
Mr. CONKLING-. Then in what sense,
if the Senator will be good enough to ex-
plain, can he say that the salt production is a
monopoly?
Mr. BLAIR. The descriptions of salt im-
ported into this country are descriptions of
salt that cannot be manufactured and that
would come into the country if the tariff were
four or five times what it is now; but of the
quality of salt that is manufactured in this
country these three associations have a mo-
nopoly, because they exclude the salt of the
same quality which is brought from other
countries.
Now, sir, there is no necessity for this pro-
tection. I have shown upon the authority of
the Senator from Kansas that these monopolies
have entered into a conspiracy to prevent any
other persons from producing salt in this coun-
try; that they will actually take their salt and
sell it at low prices for such a time as will
enable them to destroy any new companies
who have not accumulated an immense capital
as they have by their long monopoly of the
market.
EWthermore, this protection or duty is not
necessary, as shown by the fact that these com-
panies sell enormous quanties ot salt in the
Canada market, where they have no protec-
tion ; and they actually sell in the Canada
market for one half the price that they demand
from the people of Syracuse themselves where
their salt-works are located. The salt-works
that belong to the State of New York, and are
leased to a set of monopolists, will not sell ihe
citizens of their own State for less than double
the price that they exact from the Canadians.
The patriotism of the Senate is appealed to to
give these men protection to enable them to
compete with the .foreigner, and to enable
them to sell salt to the citizens of our own
country at double the price they demand from
the Canadians 1
It is equally true, and equally well known,
that these salt companies sell to the New^ Eng-
land fishermen for the same price as is de-
manded for the imported salt; showing that
without a tariff they are able to compete on
the sea-coast itself with the importers of for-
eign salt. And yet, sir, the ten thousand
laborers engaged in the manufacture of sali
