1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IG97
tution or relation and the contract essential
to entering into that institution or relation is
entirely lost sight of; as also the distinction
between the contract of maniage and the
celebration or solemnization of the contract.
They take the power that simply regulates the
contract and the relation for the contract itself.
Hence, where it is regulated by the civil power,
it is called a civil contract; by the ecclesiastical
power, an ecclesiastical contract; and where
neither of these exist, a contract undei- the
law of nature.
Mr. Speaker, to Suppose that marriage or
the contract of marriage is the creature of
either civil or ecclesiastical law is to suppose
that civil and ecclesiastical governments ante-
date marriage. The institution of marriage
was ordained by God; and the contract to
enter into that institution or relation arose
necessarily in a state of nature, before civil or
ecclesiastical law existed. No civil or eccle-
siastical authority has the power to abolish
marriage or the contract of marriage. To con-
cede such power would but be to defeat the
purposes of God in the creation of man. All
either can do is to regulate them. Where
civil law is in the ascendency, marriage and the
contract of marriage are regulated by it; if
the ecclesiastical, by it. If the civil power be
supreme it may confer the right to regulate
it upon the church, and vice versa.
Marriage being of divine origin, and the con-
tract of marriage originating in a state of
nature, we must go to the earliest and most
ancient histories to learn what it is. Mr.
Speaker, ill a state of nature we find it monog-
amous and polygamous ; under divine law we
find it monogamous and polygamous. Upon
almost every page of the old Bible we iind
polygamy wriiten. Not only so, the Bible
gives us marriage in a more detestable form
by a hundred fold than in Utah. Utah has
its polygamy; the Bible its polygamy and
concubinage By tradition, marriage in a
state of nature has been polygamous, and con-
tinues so to this day; by the divine law we find
it commencing with Lamecb, thirty-eight hun-
dred and seventy five years before Christ; and
conceding, for the sake of the argument, that
it ceased m the davsof the Apostles, itcovered
a space of thirty-nine hundred and twenty-five
years, by the express approval of God.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 am prepared to submit
a proposition to Christians and students ot
moral philosophy. "'If it be true that moral
principles never change, and that marriage is
based on moral principle; and it be true thai
polygamous marriages existed for thirty nine
hundred and twenty-five years, or a less
period, by the approval of God, is polygamy
morally right or wrong?" But polygamy
tiaces itself fuither down than that. While
we have no express account of it in the New
Testament, it is equally true that we have 110
express prohibition of it therein. In this opin-
ion I am not only sustained by many divines,
but by 1 he author of the New American Ency-
clopedia. He says in volume thirteen, page
405, in speaking of polygamy, " There are 110
positive injunctions in the Bible against the
practice."
Mr. Speaker, between 1853 and 1856, only
sixteen to nineteen years ago, a number of
ministers of the gospel, sent as missionaries
to India, and belonging to the Baptist, Con-
gregational, Episcopal, Methodist, and Pres-
byterian churches, assembled in Calcutta in
convention arid declared that polygamous mar-
riages were not contrary to divine law. (D.
0. Allen on India, page 601.)
Now, then, in view of these faets, who can
dogmatically affirm that polygamy is contrary
to the law ol God? And who, 111 view of these
facts, can declare that marriage is the union
of one man with only one woman in the holy
estate of matrimony? I ignore from this dis-
cussion polyandry, as it principally exists in
Thibet.
Mr. Speaker, think not that my ramble
through the Bible and sacred history is simply
to show polygamy not contrary to the law of
God; far from it. My object is to elucidate
the subject of marriage, and to throw these
facts before the minds of the members of this
House that they may see that our law writers
have not defined marriage at all; in other
words, that they have taken the "contract"
of marriage for "marriage" itself, and have
also confounded the power that regulates the
contract with the contract itselfi Civil and
ecclesiastical law regulates man, but does not
create him. Civil and ecclesiastical law regu-
lates marriage and marriage contract, but cre-
ates neither. Marriage and the contract of
marriage exist independent of either.
Sir, our law writers upon marriage lay down
the law to be that the lex loci contractus—the
law of the place where the contract is made—
must determine the legality of the marri&ge;
and this rule applies as Well to nations where
marriage is controlled by the ecelesiastical
and civil law as the law of nature.
By this just and reasonable rule this whole
question might be settled.but for the exceptions
made by some with reference to polygamy.
Wheaton, however, in his Law of Nations, page
181, in treating of this subject, makes no excep-
tions. After stating the law to be that the
lex loci contractus must govern, lie says:
"Infinite confusion and mischief would ensue with
respect to legitimacy,succession, and other personal
and propnoty rights, it' the validity of the marriage
contract was not determined by the law of the place
where it was made."
That the exception does not obtain as to
polygamy in the United States, see also 11
Alabama, 826; 5 Humph., ( Tennessee,) 13;
10 Met., (Massachusetts,) 457; 23 Missouri,
561; 30 Missouri, 72. And, by note on page
183 of same author, it will be seen that Hon.
Caleb Cushing, in giving his opinion as Attor-
ney General of the United States, November
4, 1854, was not prepared to subscribe to the
doctiine that polygamy is an excepiion to the
general rule that the lex loci contractus rnu>t
govern marriage. He says, "perhaps" it is.
It then clearly appearing, from sacred and
divine history, that mariiage is the union of
one man with one or more women in the holy
estate of matrimony, and taking the law to be
as laid down by Wheaton and the Alabama,
Tennessee, and Missouri cases cited, that the
lex loci contractus must govern, whether it
be the law ot uature, civil, or ecclesiastical,
we are bound to I.old polygamous marriages
among the Mormons at the date of our treaty
with Mexico, and since, valid.
I now propose to notice the law of conquest,
or acquisition, as governed by the law of na-
tions. I lay down ihe law to be that when a
whole nation is conquered, and its lerntory
ceded to the conqueror, the laws of the Con-
quered nation remain intact, as well as its
wlnile machinery of government, until they
are changed, modified, or abolished by the
conqueror; and where a part of its territory
with the people thereon only are ceded, as
in the case ot' Mexico to the United States,
then that the laws and customs of the con-
quered Government at ihe date of the treaty
control the rights, privileges, and immunities
of the people, and their relation to each other,
until the Government of the conqueror inter-
poses itslaws. (Wheaton, Law of iN'ations, 54 ;
2 Merivale's English lieports, 156 ; 4 Modern
English lieports, '222; I Jacob and Walker's
English lieports, 27 ; and note "A.")
Then, sir, whether the laws of Mexico ex-
pressly recognized polygamy, or whether they
failed to prohibit it at the date of the treaty,
is immateiial. In either case, the law of na-
tions governing conquest or acquisition makes
the polygamous mainages of the Moimonsat
the date of the treaty with the United States
legal and valid. To say that bad the Mexican
laws expressly recognized polvgamy at the date
of the treaty we would have been bound under
the law of nations to recognize the polygamous
marriages of that people then existing, and
then to say that we are not bound to recognize
them because the laws of Mexico did not ex-
pressly recognize them, is, in view of the fact
that their polygamous marriages were known
almost over the world at the time, but denying
justice upon the sheerest technicality, and of
which any lawyer would be ashamed to avail
himself in the courts of our country. Shall
the legislative and judicial, departments of
our Government do that which an honorable,
high-minded practitioner at the bar would
scorn to do?
England, in dealing with her conquered prov-
inces in India and elsewhere, does not only
sustain me in the general principle of the law
of nations, but as with reference to its special
application to polygamy also. England at
home is monogamous, while England abrqad,
as in India, is polygamous. Sir, conceding
the law of nations to be as I have stated,
then, outside of and uncontrolled by treaty
stipulations this Government had the power
and right one year after the date of the
treaty with Mexico to have prohibited future
polygamous marriages among the Mormons,
it failed to do it; but acquiesced in them
until July 1, 1862, (and longer, as I will show,)
and now. is taking advantage of its own laches.,
of its own criminal neglect, to persecute or suf-
fer that people to be persecuted and harassed.
Mr. Speaker, our neglect to prohibit polyg-
amy among that people for thirteen years
amounts to a confiimation of it under the law
of nations. In the absonce of civil law the
law of nature and ecclesiastical controls. Sup-
pose that we were to cede that territory to
England, and the Mormons should remain
011 it, and we, having recognized polygamy
for thirteen years, would not ihe law ot na-
tions compel England to recognize existing
marriages as legal and valid? I assert most
positively that it would, and have the exam-
ple of England with her conquered and ceded
provinces and the decisions of her courts
already cited to sustain me. Shall England
be more regardful ol the obligations imposed
upon her by the law of nations and public
policy'than the United States, or skail Eng-
land be more generous and indulgent to her
polygamous citizens iu India than the United
States to her polygamous citizens iu Utah?
Sir, I shall now proceed to another point
in the line of my argument. The treaty to
which I have relerred, between the United
States and Mexico, was signed at Guadalupe
Hidalgo, February 2, 181S. By the provisions
of that tie ity the Mexicans upon the ceded
territory had one year from its date to elect
to continue citizens of Mexico; and in case of
a failure to do so they then became citizens
of the United Stales. As stated, the United
States passed no law interlering With polygamy
until July 1 1862; and that was against
bigamy simply, without defining it.
Now, then, 1 wish to call the attention of
gentlemen upon this floor to two remarkable
phenomena in the history and legal jurispru-
dence of oui Government.
Sir, what law controlled marriages in Utah
from the date of the treaty up to one year
next thereafter, the time when the people
became citizens of the United States Gov-
ernment'.' Was it the law of Mexico or the
United States,, or was it the law of nature or
ecclesiastical?
From one year after the date of the treaty
up to July 1, 1862, did the civil law of tha
United States, the ecclesiastical, or law of
nature control mariiages in Utah?
When these questions are answered, it seems
to me that the minds of gentlemen will not be
free from doubt as to the propriety of the
present policy pursued toward the Mormons.
From the date of the treaty to the expiration
of one year thereafter they must be regarded
as in a transition state, and without civil law.
From one year after the date of the treaty to
July 1,1862, they must be regarded as without
