202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December ,1ยง
respecting and industrious men whose labors, when
properly directed, are the mainspring of the national
material welfare. On their behalf we have the right
to speak, and in their name, as well as m the name
of their employers, whose real interests are identical
and harmonize with those of the whole country, we
address to you this memorial, notdoubting that you
wiJl receive it in the same serious and considerate
spirit in which it is offered.
MORTON McMICHAEL,
Chairman of Representative Council.
FREDERICK FRALEY, #
Representing Transportation.
SAMUEL J. REEVES,
Representing Steel and Iron-Makers, East.
JAMES PARK, jr..
Representing Steel on,d Iron-Makers, West.
J. G-. FELL.
r Representing Coal.
CHARLES LENNIG,
Representing Chemicals* Paints, &c.
WILLIAM SELLERS,
Representing Iron- Workers.
R. GARSED,
Representing Textiles.
WILLIAM ADAMSON,
Representing Leather. Glue, &c.
SAMUEL RICHARDS,
Representing Glass.
JOSEPH WHARTON,
Representhu/ Metals other tha.n Iron.
HENRY C. LEA,
Representing Boolcs.
E. R. COPE,
Representing Paper.
JOHN MOSES,
Representing Pottern and Chinaware.
WILLIAM P. STEWART,
Representing Morocco, Dressed Leather, dcc.
Mr. PERRY, of New York. I ask unani-
mous consent to offer a resolution of inquiry.
Several members called for the regular
order.
The House then (at two o'clock and forty-
eight minutes p. m.) adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
underthe rules, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARTHUR: The petition of Senour
& Simsall. P. McNamara & Co., and others,
to abolish the duty upon mass or block licorice,
and place the tame on the free list.
Also, the petition of Bernard Dowling, TV.
L. Wright, and others, for the repeal of all
laws authorizing the sale of stamped envelopes
by the Government.
By Mr. BIGGS: The petition of H. W.
Laws, Governor Ponder. H. B. Fiddeman,
and 500 others, praying for the reestablish-
ment of a light-house at the mouth of Misi-
piliion river, Delaware, togetherwith thereport
of J. C. Smith (engineer) of the examination
of the mouth of said river, and also a letter
from Colonel J. C. Woodruff on the same
subject.
By Mr. BUFFINTON- The memorial of
John Munroe and 13 others, trustees of the
savings bank at Barnstable, Massachusetts,
praying for the repeal of the tax on savings
banks.
By Mr. BURCHARD : The petition of Wil-
liam H. Saddler, of Grand Detour, Ogle
county, Illinois, for his pension to be made to
date from time of his disability.
By Mi. BURDETT: A petition for the
establishment, of post routes from Altona, Bates
county, via Cove City and Mingo, to Lucas, in
Henry county, Missouri; from State Line. Cass
county, via Jonesville and Brosley, to Burdett,
in Bates county, Missouri.
By Mr. DOX: Petitions for the removal of
the political disabilities of S. J. Burgess and
W. A. Vincent, of Et&wah county, in the State
of Alabama.
By Mr. FRYE: The petition of G. H. Roak
and others, for the repeal of the tax on savings
banks.
By Mr. GOLLADAY: The memorial of W.
F. Berry & Co. and others, booksellers, &c., in
Nashville, Tennessee, remonstrating against
the sale of stamped envelopes by the Post
Office Department.
By Mr. HALE : The petition of S. B. Hume
and others, for the repeal of the duties on salt.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia: The peti-
tion of A. Anna Hughes, praying compensa-
tion for property destroyed by the United
States army under General Sheridan.
By Mr. HOAR: The petition of Susan E.
Alger, of Worcester, Massachusetts, for a
pension.
Also, the petition of T. W. Wellington and
others, of Worcester, Massachusetts, for repeal
of the tax on savings banks.
By Mr. KELLEY : The petition of Mrs.
Emma M. Moore, for interest on a dilatory
claim.
By Mr. KELLOGG: A petition of the
Waterbury Savings Bank and of several New
Haven savings banks, for relief from taxation.
By Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri : The
petition of John R. Woodside, of Thomasville,
in the State of Missouri, asking to be relieved
from disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution.
Also, a petition of citizens of St. Francis
county, in the State of Missouri, asking that the
children of John G. Harris, a soldier of the
war of the rebellion, be placed on the pen-
sion-roll.
By Mr. MITCHELL: The petition of Dr.
James Crugour, praying for a law to allowhim
arrears of pension.
By Mr. MOORE: The petition of Isabel
Moran, asking for arrears of pension.
By Mr. NEGLEY : The memorial of Charles
Lanman, of Georgetown, District of Columbia,
asking compensation for his copyright.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of J. A.
Lemke and 43 others, praying certain amend-
ments to the law of February 28. 1871, con-
cerning vessels propelled by steam.
Also, the memorial of James Carev, guard-
ian of the minor children of Kenneth D. Rowe,
deceased, late of the one hundred and forty
fourth regiment ot' Indiana volunteers, praying
for a pension to such minor children.
By Mr. PLATT : A petition of freedmen
of Clay county, Kentucky, for aid in estab-
lishing schpols.
By Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania: A peti-
tion of over seven hundred soldiers and citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, for a change in the law
granting bounty land to soldiers so that actual
settlement thereon shall not be required.
By Mr. WALDRON: The petition of J.
G. McBride & Co., of Monroe, Michigan, for
the abolition of duty on licorice.
By _Mr. WHITTHORNE: A petition of
the printers and stationers of Clarksville, Ten-
nessee, protesting against the manufacture and
sale of envelopes by the United States Gov-
ernment.
By Mr. YOUNG: A memorial from the citi-
zens of Atlanta, Georgia, petitioning Congress
to make Atlanta a port of entry, and also ask-
ing an appropriation for the erection of a cus-
tom-house and other public buildings.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 19, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings
was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MKMOBIALS.
Mr. KELLOGG. I present, the memorial
of Harlow J. Phelps. The memorialist repre-
sents that in 1864 Congress passed an act
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury, with
the approval of the President, to appoint agents
to buy cotton for the Government in the south-
ern States; that such agents were authorized
to pay three fourths of the value of the cotton
in New York at the date of the purchase, or.
in other words, the owner ot the viotton was
required to pay the Government a bonus of
twenty five per cent- for the privilege of ship-
ping his cotton from a disloyal to a loyal State.
The same law conferred authority upon the
President, in bis discretion, to abolish this
restriction on trade. In pursuance of this
authority the President issued a proclamation
on the 13th of June, 186-5, abolishing trade
restrictions east of the Mississippi river, and
the agents were instructed to close up their
offices at once ; but the agent at New Orleans
the memorialist alleges, disiegarding the Presi-
dent's proclamation and the instructions of
the Secretary of the Treasury, compelled the
memorialist, who was doing business in New
Orleans, to pay $41,974 80 as Government tax
on cotton in warehouse at that place, which
was paid under protest, and application made
to the Secretary of the Treasury for the refund-
ing of the money thus exacted. The memo
rialist further alleges that the law officer of the
Treasury Department,pronounced judgment in
his favor, but, that there is no money in the
'Treasury applicable to the refunding of the
amount claimed. He therefore prays for sneh
relief asmaybejust and lawful in the premises
I move the reference of this memorial to the
Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT presented the petition of
Commodore James M. Watson, praying, as a
measure of relief, that he be placed on the
retired list,of commodores; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of Rich-
ard H. Garrett, ot' Caroline county, Virginia,
praying compensation for the loss of his harn
and other property by United States troops
while in the act of capturing J. Wilkes Booth
and D. C. Harold ; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Maine, publishers, stationers, &c.,
praying that the sale of stamped envelopes by
the Government be discontinued; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post, Roads.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
i On motion of Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered. That t ho memorial of "Rev. H. V. Brown,
pastor and trustee of the St. Peter and St. Paul's
Catholic church, at Chattanooga. Tennessee, praying
compensation for the destruction of their church
building, in 1863. by the United States Army, be taken
from the files of the Senate and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. SPENCER, it was
Ordered, That Mrs. Msrgaretta Becker, widow of
Leopold Becker, have leave to withdraw her petition
and papers from the tiles of the Senate.
P. IS. ALLEN AND COMPANY.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 349) to
provide for the payment of D. B. Allen & Co.,
for services in carrying the United States mails,
to report it back without amendment; and I
ask the indulgence of the Senate to put the
bill upon its passage now. It lias three times
passed theSenate, and if the report of the com-
mittee. which is very brief, is read, I think the
bill will pass now, as it always has heretofore,
without objection. I desire to state that the
bill appropriates the precise sum that the Post-
master General finds to be due to these parties,
the sum that ho would pay them if he had the
money to do so. It should rather be an item,
perhaps, in a deficiency bill, than the subject
of a special bill; but the same bill has already
passed the Senate three times. Let the report
of the committee be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The bill will be
read and then the report of the committee,
after which the Chair will ask for objections to
the consideration of the bill, if there be any.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It proposes
to appropriate the sum of ยง21,543 for the pay-
ment of D. B. Allen & Co.. for carrying the
United States mails between New York and San
Francisco m 1864 and 18H5, during the suspen-
sion of the overland mail service on the over-
land route; which is to be in full paymeut for
the service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report of
the committee will now be read.
