1994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 27*,
demand that the forty million people of this
country shall be taxed for their benefit. The
great laboring population of the country, the
people who are engaged in business, who are
engaged in the production and preservation
of meat, of food for the people, are taxed to
support these monopolies, when it is demon-
strable that they do not need any protection
whatever. They can compete upon the sea-
coast itself with the imported article.
The pretense is put forward that they have
an immense capital involved. I have seen the
statement of Mr. Wells, who got his informa-
tion from these manufacturers themselves upon
oath, that they have not more than $160,000
invested in these salt-works, and that, all the
stock which they say represents $1,600,000 is
watered stock. That is the distinct statement
made by Mr. Wells, who says he obtained it
from these men when he examined them upon
their oaths. They have watered their stock.
In the first place, they obtained a magnificent
franchise from the Stateof New York. They pay
but a small royalty for t he use of the State works.
One hundred and sixty thousand dollars, the
original investment, is all their capital, and
they have realized ten percent, a month, as is
shown by the examination of Mr. Wells, upon
all the capital they have invested ; and jet
they come here with a cry that they are im-
poverished, and mast needs tax the entire
population of this country in order to enable
them to compete with foreigners, although it
is notorious that they can go abroad and
compete in the Canadian market, that they can
go down to the sea-shore and sell salt to fish-
ermen who are entitled to a drawback when
they buy foreign salt. I have here a paragraph
from Mr. Wells in reference to the salt-works
at Syracuse, which 1 will read to the Senate.
Mr. Wells says:
"In the case of one company, located at Syracuse,
Now York, fcho record—too remarkable to be passed
by unnoticed—is substantially as follows : the com-
pany was formed in 1860, by leasing and consolidat-
ing alt previously existing interests. ui a valuation
of $3,200,000, or iroui twenty to thirty per cent, above
their true value, on which an annual interest of
twelve per cent, was guarantied. The stockholders
then contributed $160,000 aa a working capital. The
first tiling that was done by the new organization
was to discontinue and abandon a very considerable
proportion of the leased property, but upon the
accepted valuation of which they have nevertheless
continued to pay, from that time to this, twelve per
cent, per annum, as per agreement, on 1381,000. The
first dividend was made in 1861, of seven per cent.;
after that the company paid m cash as many as six
dividends in one year, one of which was twelve and
a half per cent. Subsequently a stock dividend
was made of one hundred per cent., increasing their
working capital thereby to $320,000; and in 1870 a
fresh stock dividend, which increased the $320,000 to
31,200,000, with additional property, estimated at
$600,000, on nil of which regular dividends have been
paid, without the assessment of the stockholders of
a single dollar beyond the iflbO.OOO first contributed.
And it is also to be noticcd, as showing how com-
pletely the fiscal legislation of the country has been
given over to these and kindred monopolies, that at
tlie very time when the large profits referred to
were being accumulated and distributed this same
company, with others, petitioned Congress, in 1866,
to further increase the duties on foreign salt from
eighteen aud twenty-four conts to thirty and forty-
two cents per hundred, on the ground that, it was
necessary t,o still further protect this branch of
American industry from loreigu competition"—
Aud this, too, when they were making six
dividends a year, one of them a dividend of
twelve and a half per cent.—
"And in accordance with the prayers of the peti-
tioner, the House of Representatives did vote to
increase the duties from eighteen and twenty-four
cents to twenty-four and thirty-six cents—yeas 86.
nays 32. The bill, however, by non-concurrence of
the Senate, (mainly for want of time) failed to be-
come a law; and the duties have since remained as
they were at the termination of the war."
Mr. President, this statement gives to the
Senate and to the country a just conception
of the character of these soulless monopolies.
Almost before the close of the war they came
before Congress and demanded that the tariff
should be stili further raised upon their pro-
duct, at the very time they were making six
divrdends a year, one of them being twelve
and a half per cent.
Sir, under no circumstances would I consent
to vote a tax upon this article, an article which
is so essential not only to the comfort, but to
the health and to the life of our people. We
hav6 voted to put tea and coffee upon the free
list. Everybody knows that neither tea nor
coffee is a necessary of life. Everybody knows
that either, so far from being a necessary of
life, is a luxury, in very common use, I admit,
among the people of this country, butbelieved
by many to be anything but conducive to health,
believed by many to be deleterious to the health
of those who use it. And yet in order to give
a free breakfast, as it is called, to the people
of our country, these gentlemen come forward
and vote to put tea and coffee upon the free
list, arid at the very same time all of tlieui
stand firmly in defense of protecting and
thereby enhancing the price of salt, which is
necessary to the comfort, health, and life of
the people of the country.
The reason fortius, undoubtedly, isthe desire
of those who are in favor of the principle of
protection to take away that revenue which is
derived from the taxation of tea and coffee
from the Government, and thus make it neces-
sary to raise the revenue demanded for the
expenses of this Government from other arti-
cles which are manufactured in this country.
In that the protectionists have been triumph-
ant. It is their triumph. It remains to be
seen how long they witi enjoy this triumph.
In my judgment, the longer they continue this
system of oppression, of taxing the people of
this country three Qr four dollars for every
dollar that goes into the Treasury to pay the
expenses of the Government, the sharper will
be the retribution which will come upon them.
Other matters have occupied the people of this
country for many years, questions very differ-
ent from the economical questions to which
their attention is now being turned ; questions
of reorganization, questions of reconstruction,
questions which aroused bitterness and ani-
mosity between the two sections.
I rejoice to believe that these things are
passing away, and the attention of the people
of the country can now be fixed upon the
enormities and the iniquities of the tariff, by
which Our people have been plundered right
and left, by which they are made to pay from
three to five dollars for every dollar that is
raised to go into the Treasury to pay the debts
of the country. Of these measures the most
iniquitous is this salt tax. Colonel Benton,
in one of his speeches, denounced the taxa-
tion of salt, as an impiety, as an extortion from
the whole body of the people upon a neces-
sity of life in order to feed a few monopolies
under the name of supporting eight or ten
thousand laborers.
Do these laborers share in any of this
watered stock or these dividends? Are their
wages any higher, or are they as high as the
wages of common laborers in the West. Do
not the western States to-day, where there
are no. manufactures, give higher wages than
do any of these manufacturing States? It
is an absurdity to say that the wages in this
country are raised by the manufacturers.
There is nothing in it. It is absurd and
false. Throughout the West, throughout those
States where we have little or no manufac-
turing, we pay higher wages than any manu-
facturing State pays. It is the new and the
vigorous West that regulates the rate of wages
in this country, that renders it necessary
for the manufacturers of the eastern States,
in order to retain their labor, which would
otherwise go to the West, to pay higher
wages.^ That is an answer to the absurd
proposition that these monopolists are rais-
ing wages for the people of this country.
¥"ou have by this tariff business stricken
down some of the greatest industries of our
country. Whathasbeeome of yourship-build-
ing interest? Dead, killed stone dead by the
spirit of protection. Where are your woolen
manufactures? They have been protected to
death by your legislation, and I observe that
these gentlemen whose compassion is so great
for the laborer, who talk so much about the
wages of labor and about the necessity of
establishing manufactures in order to raise the
wages of labor, are those who have carried
forward these measures.
I call the attention of the Senate to the fact
that their tariff is always the highest on the
goods which are consumed by the poor peo-
ple of the country. The tariff upon coarse
woolens, the tariff upon blankets, is double
that upon fine cloths; that is to say, the
coarse blankets and the coarse woolens that
are worn by the poor people, for whom the
gentlemen have so much compassion, are
taxed double the fine cloths which are worn
by the wealthy classes. So looking through
the whole list of the tariff, upon this article,
salt, which is consumed universally by all the
people, and in as large quantities by the poor
as by the rich, the duty is very high.
Mr. President, I shall not detain the Senate
longer. I simply call attention to this tax.
Inasmuch as this free list contains many arti-
cles placed upon it because they enter into
manufacturing and give advantages to our
manufacturers, I wish at least to add one
article, the most necessary of all the articles
for the people and the whole people of the
country, which is more necessary than any
other article upon which we collect a tax for
the health and the well-being of our people,
and which cannot be taxed without doing in-
justice to millions of people for the benefit
of a few. I trust that my motion to put this
article on the free list will be agreed to.
Mr. CONliLING. Mr. President, nothing
could have been further from my expectation
than to enter this morning, or at any time
hereafter, into a discussion of the duty on salt.
The matter seemed to me disposed by the
vote the other day. I should not say a word
in regard to it but for the very animated, not
to say excited, remarks of my honorable friend
from Missouri, [Mr. Bj.air,.] He seems this
morning to have experienced a free-trade inspi-
ration, and to have selected salt as furnishing
a copious and instructive text to preach from.
His remarks were evidently designed entirely
for the Senate, intended to convince Senators,
not for effect elsewhere.
Assuming facts convenient to his conclusion,
he states a ease which may seem imposing to
those who know nothing of the facts as they
exist.
Without going at large into the subject, let
me ask the attention of the Senate to the lack
of provocation for the denunciatory and elo:
quent, oration we have heard. The facts touch-
ing American salt, are in part these; there
is manufactured in the country a useful article
which pays annually into the coffers of the
nation a million and a half of revenue. In
producing this article, $15,000,000 of capital
is invested. The manufacture employs not
eight or ten thousand workmen, as the Senator
suggested, but twenty thousand it is said ; and
not fewer than one hundred thousand men,
women, and children are directly connected
with it or dependent on it. This capital thus
invested does not produce twelve per cent, a
month. I think the Senator from Missouri
became at one point so enthusiastic as to say
on somebody's authority that it yielded twelve
per cent, a month.
Mr. BLAiB. I said upon the authority of
Mr. Wells, who is confessedly the best author-
ity oil this subject, that in one year they made
six dividends, and one of the dividends was
twelve and a half per cent.
Mr. CONKLING. Did not the Senator say
twelve per cent, a month?
Mr. BLAIR. I do not recollect that state-
ment. I read it from a statement of Mr.
Wells, and I will read it again to the Senator
if he desires.
