1100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 17,
peoples must be deprived of Gospel grace; or
subjected to the lesults so graphically pietured
by Mr. Allen. I have done.
COMMERCE AMONG THE S'iATES.
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, a few weeks
since the House, by resolution, instructed the
Committee on Commerce to inquire "whether
the commerce ainongthe several States of this
Union is injuriously affected by any inade-
quacy in the present means of land transporta-
tion, or by any combination or monopoly in
tlrf control or ownership thereof, or by means
of any excessive or inequitable rates of freight
Or fare charged by common carriers, or by
means of other improper burdens or restraints
imposed uoon such commerce by carriers."
This is a subject of importance to the whole
country, and ot vital interest to the people I
have the honor to represent. I refer to a dis-
trict in the interior of Iowa, separate from the
large rivers on either side, and in which the
chiefinterest is agriculture. Iowa is eminently
a grain-producing State. As shown by the last
monthly report from the Department of Agri-
culture, that State ranks above all others in
her capacity to produce corn, oats, and barley,
and stands high m respect to other products
of the farm; while, as shown by the same
report, the extreme southern States rank lowest
in this respect. In Iowa ihe average yield of
corn last year was 42.5 bushels per acre; oats,
41.1; barley, 29.6. For the same year the
average yield of corn in Louisiana is given at
14.4 bushels per acre, and other States oil the
lower Mississippi about the same. The same
report gives tbe average price of corn in Iowa
last year at twenty-three cents per bushel,
while in Louisiana it was $1 12.
Iowa should therefore offer extra induce-
ments to farmers. The soil is rich and pro-
ductive. Tbe surface is gently undulating,
thus enabling the farmer to use labor-saving
machinery. Only a small per cent, of the land
is untillable; and two grand rivers flow past
her borders, to float the grain to a southern
market, where, as we have seen, the same
cannot, be produced, and is therefore in great-
est demand. Bat you will be surprised to hear
that tbe papers of central Iowa, on lines of
railrOad running east and west, where there is
no choice of market other than Chicago and
the East, are quoting corn at fifteen to twenty
cents per bushel. Why is this? Why, in that
land so favored by nature, do farmers stand
on the streets with wagons laden with grain,
and beg for buyers ? Why are they oppressed
with debt, when the harvest lias been so bounti-
ful, and while five lines of railroad cross the
State, connecting all sections with the great
rivers that were designed by nature as high-
ways for the commerce of that fruitful country ?
The answer, Mr. Speaker, is found in tbe fact
that the railroads are in the hands of parties
interested in the growth of Chicago and east-
ern cities : and their schedules of rates are so
framed that it costs only a fraction less to ship
a bushel of grain from a point in the interior
of Iowa to the river, than from the same point
to Chicago. And in this way are we deprived
of the cheap freights that otherwise would be
afforded by the river.
Take a point on one of the eastern and west-
ern roads in Iowa and you will find the charges
almost as much from there to the river as from
the same point to Chicago, three to five times
as far. The effect of this unfair discrimina-
tion is to compel the farmers to ship their
grain to Chicago or convert it into live stock,
and in either case their profits are largely
diminished. Where is the remedy? Partial
relief may, and doubtless will be found in the
construction of a ship-canal around Niagara
Falls, and the opening of water commu-iica-
tion from the Mississippi rivn- to the Atlantic
sea-board, via the lakes and St. Lawrence. In
my judgment, however, the only way to give
epeedy and effective relief is in the passage of
a bill providing that railroads shall be limited
to reasonable rates, on local charges at least.
Has Congress the power to enter on such
legislation? Is there a necessity ? The Con-
stitution declares in express terms that ''Con-
gress shall have power to regulate commerce
among the several States," and we have emi-
nent legal authority for the statement that the
right to regulate commerce implies the right
to regulate the means of commerce, and even
the persons engaged therein. We should also
bear in mind that railroads, as means of com-
merce, have come into general use since the
formation of the Constitution. Mr. Justice
Miller, in the Clinton bridge case, as found
in volume two United States Circuit Court
Reports, page 150,
"Any means by which passengers and merchan-
dise.are transported is an.elementof commerce.
" This has been repeatedly held in respect ot navi-
gation, and Congress has legislated on the subject
accordingly.
"The railroad* as much as the steamboat, is a
paeans of interchanging persons and property, which
interchange is comincree itself." * * * *
" When railroads become portions of the great
highways of our Union, acting an important part in
a commerce which embraces qaany States, to regu-
late them is to regulate commerce." * * *
"In this view of the subject Congress has passed
statutes regulating steamboats, their construction,
equipment, officers and crews, prescribing qualifi-
cations of pilots and engineers, limiting the num-
ber of passengers they may carry, and prescribing
the signals they shall use in passing each other; m
short, it ha3 established a minute code for building
and navigating those vessels. The right to do this
depends wholly on the power vested in Cohgress to
regulate commerce, and has never been disputed.
"Navigation, however, is only one of the elements
of commerce. It is an element of commerce because
it affords the means of transporting passengers and
merchandise, the interchange of witich is commerce
itself. Any other mode ot effecting this would be as
much an element of commerce as navigation."
******* * * * *
"Another means of transportation, equal in im-
portance to the si eamboat, has also come into exist-
ence since the Constitution was adopted. By it
merchandise is transported across States and king-
doms in tbe same vehicle in which it started. The
railroad now shares wuh the steamboat the monop-
oly of the carrying trade. The one has, wuh great
benefit, been subjected to the control of salutary
congiessional legislation. Is there auy reason why
fhe other should not be? However this question
may be answered in regard to that commerce which
is conducted wholly within the limits of a State, and
which is therefore neither foreign commerce, nor
commerce among the State*, it seems to me that
when these roads become parts of the great high-
ways ot our Union, acung an important part in a
commerce which embraces many States, and des-
tined, as some of these roads are, to become the
channels through which the nations of Europe and
Asia shall interchange their commodities, there can
be no reason to doubt that to regulate them is to
regulate commerce both with foreign nations and
among the States, and that to refuse to do this is a
refusal to discharge one of the most important duties
ot the Federal Government. As already intimated,
the shackles wii h which the different States fettered
commerce in their selfish efforts to benefit them-
selves at the expense of their confederates, was one
of the main causes which led to tho formation of
our present Constitution. The wouderful growth
of that commerce since it has been placed exclu-
sively under the control of the Federal Government
has justified the wisdom of our fathers. But are we
to remit the most valuable part of it to the control
of the States through whose territories it must be
conducted, and to all the vexations and burdens
which they may impose? And must all this be per-
mitted, because the carrying is done by a method
not thought of when the Constitution was framed?
" For myself, I must say that I have no doubt of
the right of Congress to prescribe all needful and
proper regulations for the conduct of this immense
traffic over any railroad which has voluntarily be-
come part of any of those lines of inter-State com-
munication, or to authorize the creation of such
roads, when the purposes of inter-State transporta-
tion of persons and property justify or require it."
* * * * "And, again, ' It is the power to
regulate, that is, to prescribe, the rule by which
commerce is governed.J" * * * *
"And while conceding to the States the power to
authorize the construction of bridges, turnpikes,
streets, and railroads, in answer to the objection that
such a concession to the States would arm them with
a power potent for evil and liable to abuse, it was
expresslysaid, that' Congress may interpose, when-
ever it shall be deemed necessary, by general or spe-
cial laws?'" •***$**#*
"In these cases the judges have been speaking
of navigation. But the terms of the Constitution
arc not con lined to that mode of conducting com-
merce. Any other means ot commerce are obvi-
ously within its terms, and the language of the
extracts above given either distinctly state or
clearly import such fact. I have shown that rail-
ways are now means of inter-State commerce as
well as stoamboats. Their iron tracks, extending
from ocean to ocean, are no more limited by p< i«t-
ical boundaries than are the river* which rise in one
State and flow through others to the sea. Ovex the
former, propelled by one application of the motive
power of steam, roll many cars laden with the pro-
ducts and fabiicsof one section of the country for
the supply of the wants of a distant section. Through
the latter, propelled by another application of the
same power, ply the steamers, laden in like man-
ner, and discharging a like bencficcnt office. Where
lies the difference between them? Why should not
the power which regulates one extend to the control
of the other?"
Such, Mr. Speaker, is the language of Mr,
Justice Miller, a member of the highest court
in the United States, as set forth in his Cir-
cuit Court Reports.
Abundant evidence of similar purport can
be found in the decisions of the courts, to
justify the conclusion that Congress has ample
power to enact laws on this subject. And
why not? If it is within the province of a
legislative body to limit the rates of toll on a
turnpike or plank road, can there be any good
reason why the same should not be done in
the case of a railroad?
But it may be said that this whole subject
should be left with the Legislatures of the sev-
eral States. In other words, that an attempt
on the part of Congress to grapple with this
question is only another step toward central-
ization. On this point I invite your attention
to the language of Hon. Charles Francis
Adams, jr., one of the railroad commissioners
for the State of Massachusetts, in an essay
on the subject of railroads and their manage-
ment. He says:
"So far as railroads are concerned, competition
puts both certainty and responsibility out ot ques-
tion; it renders the first impossible, and by division
destroys the last. Most conclusive illustrations of
all these propositions, as well as the utter insuffi-
ciency of the State Legislature to deal with the
sut^ect, may be found in the experience of the year
1870. During that year competition was bitter in
the extreme; the rates made Bast and West were
pimply ruinous. On certain descriptions ot freight
they were literally reduced to nothing. Of course
this could not last. Early in September, 1870, repre-
sentatives of the competing lines met in New York
and proceeded to put a stop to competition in the
only way possible among monopolists, by combina-
tion. The parties in interest were the New York
Central, the Frio, and Pennsylvania Central. The
competition was mainly Irom Illinois to New York.
In both Illinois and New York laws forbidding the
consolidation of competing lines were in force, and
all these roads were carrying on operations in one
or both of these States. At th$ meeting in question
it was decided to ' pool'the earnings oi the lines to
all competing points. In other words, all receipts
from that business which was supposed to receive a
peculiar benefit from competition were to be paid
into a common fund. Competition was to immedi-
ately cease, fixed rates to be charged, and thus, at
least, all the great trunk lines were to be practically
consolidated, in so far as the business community
was concerned."
And the railroad commissioners for the State
of Illinois, in a late and very able report on
thi3 subject, say :
" The regulation of the railroad system by legisla-
tive enactments is a great problem, waiting its suc-
cessful solution in the future. Whether it will over
be successiully solved by the aotiou of the se\oial
States is doubted by many. Our most important
railroad lines having become national—in fact, it
might be said "international—some ot ihe best minds
in tho country, which have attentively studied the
subject, have intimated that as Congress has the
undoubted constitutional power to regulate com-
merce with foreign nations and among the several
States, the whole control of the railroad manage-
ment, 'is relates to the interests of the people at largo,
should be committed to the national Legislature.'"
is there a necessity for such legislation? I
know it may be said that fault-finding is easy,
and that wrongs are easier found than reme-
dies; yet I insist that reform is demanded;
and such reform cannot be too thorough nor
come too soon.
What are the evils of which we complain?
Men possessed with sufficient brain and energy
to win success in any department of life have
combined together and seized the railroad as
a s epping-stone to wealth and power. Less
: than a score of these persons meet, in secret
; conclave and resolve to increase the rates of
| charges on every line of road represented by
i them. The telegraph informs the station
