204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
that, that was done in the condemnation of
pronerty in Boston for the post office there.
Mr. CARPENTER. That was abaci pre-
cedent. which I would not have the Govern-
ment follow.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President. Chicago
has suffered so dreadful!}' that I think the Sen-
ator from Michigan, and every other member
of the Senate, if any error were committed as
to the question of amount, would rather be
liberal than to fall below the requirement of
the case: and certainly I have no purpose to
interpose an? objection to the doing of all that
may be necessary, and doing it with a hand of
great liberality. I have received, however,
letters and information upon this subjcct which
I think I ought to bring briefly to the attention
of the Senate in order to discharge my dutv;
and the point to which the letters that I refer
to relate is that in part suggested by my hon-
orable friend from Wisconsin.
I have now in ray hand a letter from a gen-
tleman whom ( know very well, a very promi-
nent mtmb'.T of the community in Chicago :
and it is said that a'i apprehension prevails
there that under this bill as it will stand if the
amendments propose'! by the Senator from
Veimont are adopted—because I have taken
pains to go and see that they in no way correct
the liabilities t.> evil here pointed out—in lieu
of a location upon the square, a part of which
belongs now to tlie Government, and the situ-
ation of wnich, it seems to be very generally
agreed, is the most convenient one. such results
mav take place as will not only transfer the
b.aiding to another site, but do it for reasons
and wirh consequences which ought to be
avoided.
It i-; said tha* west of Clark street, which I
purpose of a post office. If so, the condemna-
tion of the remaining portion of this square
can be effected just as well as the condemna-
tion of any other square in the city, and it
would seem to me, if that is so, and there is
no difficulty in that direction, that the bill
ought to provide that this building shall bo
located upon that square, and if the property
cannot be obtained at a reasonable price by
purchase, that it, shall be condemned.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Wis-
consin is quite right insuppo-dng that thepeo- :
pie of the city of Chicago desire the new build- j
ing to be located upon the same square where j
the old one was. I have had many letters i
and telegrams in reference to that subject, it :
is the intention of all-of us that it shall be ,
located on the present square. This provision j
allowing the Secretary of the Treasury to take !
any one of twenty-four squares in a certain j
contingency is inserted in the bill for the |
safety of the Government, nothing ebe in the j
world—to prevent a combination of the prop- j
erty owners upon this particular square "from I
exacting an unreasonable price. The State !
of Illinois has provided, as 1 understand bv
thepapera. forcorulemning this property, fhis
bill requires the Secretary of the Treasury to
buy the present square if he can r;o so at, pri-
vate purchase. Ifhecanr.ot.il requires him
to condemn it under the law oi Illinois: but
we were apprehensive, the amount being so
large, that even in the condemna'ion jmies
might bo tampered with, and a very unreason-
able pric" put upun the lots; and we did nor
like, while legislating for the Government of
the United States as well as tor the city of Chi-
cago. to compel the Secretary to take it if. after
all, the condemnation was an unreasonable
one in his judgment. The language is that if
the price isfairand reasonable lie is compelled
to take the present square: if it is an umea-
sonable one, the Government sha'i not be
absolutely bound to take it. If however, Con-
gress think it 18 best to compel ihe Govern- [j the property there, and with the expectation jj from Michigan wishes
ment to take that hazard, of course we in lili- jj that, this building being moved from the present |! Mr. CHANDLER.
Bui without going into that, my purpose was
to sugirest to the Senator irotn Vermont that
if it be true that the building should stand
where it was, and if it also be true that h large
part of the square belongn to the Govern-
ment, and that the owners of four fifths of the
residue have agreed in writing either to sell
it at a price agreed upon, or, if there is any dif-
ference about that, to leave it to an impartial
umpire to fix the value of the property, then it
might be safer to aim the provisions of the bill
at an erection upon that site: because then it
seems to me that the facts would be  o strong
that, it would hardly bo worth while to com-
mit an option to anybody to place ii elsewhere,
when there is the disquiet that there seems to
be in regard to it.
As I said, I do not wish to interfere with
this bill. I simply wish to dischatge a dut<-
! which I feel bound to discharge, having heard
j this from gentlemen whom I know, and there
j being in Chicago very many re-id'-nt.s who were
j once residents of the State of New York, and
j who in that way, I suppose, came to write to
[ me. among many others, iu regard to this
I matter.
i Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to suggest to
J my friend from Vermont that he let us get
j through the morning business, and we can take
| up this afterward. Evidently we <diail not be
| able to go through the morning business if we
continue this debate, I suggest to him that
he let us go through the morning business, and
afterward we can take up this question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If there be
a general understanding thai, this shall come
up after the morning business I shall not, of
course, object.
Mr. CONIvLING. I would not have that
understanding, because there are other things
to come up. \\ e can take this up whenever
nois shall not object to it: but this clause is
put in simply to prevent the possibility of an
imposition upon the Government
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is th* .re any statute in
Illinois which authorizes a condemnation for
this purpose?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Iunderstand the Legis-
lature at its present session, it being now in
session, has passpd such a.n act. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury requested the Governor
-o bring the matter to the notice of the Legis-
lature, and I s^o by the papers that it has been
{lone, find I understand, thoutrti I have not
seen the act. that provision is made for con-
demnation under our State law. This bill
provides that the property shall bo condemned
under the statute of Illinois, assuming that
such a one has been passed, as I understand
by the papers is the fact. That was what was
done. I believe, in Massachusetts, in the loca-
tion of the post office at Boston: and it has
been done before m other cases. The inten-
tion, 1 will state again to the Senator from
Wisconsin as I sit down, is that the location
shall be upon tea ore-eiit ground.
Mr, UAiiJfLME'li. If the bili provides—
I did not so understand i*—tij.n the Secretary
shall proceed to condemn tin., block before
going to the others 
Mr. Hi I MBl LL. lhat is the language.
Mr. CARPENj.ER, i hen that is so far
in Ae interest of the point i make.
There is one other objection that I have to
the bill which I suggest to the Senator and to
the Senate. I do not like these proeef'.lings
on the part of this Government to condemn
property tor its pub'ic use by the aid and
instrumentality of State legislation, and 1 do
not idee to set a precedent by which we seem
to admit that we Cannot condemn laud our-
selves for a public purpose of toe Government
of the United States. ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is aware i
| understand to be removed only half a block,
! perhaps, from the post office, speculation in ,       .. „    
j real estate and lots has set in, and that pur- j! it is convenient to do so.
i chases have been made and conditional pur- !| Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
I chases have been made with a view to control |j think it will take much time. If the Senator
wishes to speak 
No, I have not a word
11 site and going in that direction, an oppor- j
j! tunity to speculate upon the Government will !
: j thus be created. !
j It is said also in this let'er " that four fifths ;
j of the owners of the block upon which the old j
| ~'.ts is located have agreed in writing to sell to j
| the Government at fair prices, to be fixed by j
j disinterested parties it it cannot be agreed j
1 upon. The remaining fifth is understood to I
1 be owned by an estate, and is therefore not in- !
; eluded in the proposition : but it can be con- |
i demned under the law recently passed by our ;
j S'ate Legislature." and then follow reasons ■
! showing the importance of retaining the site j
i where it is. 1 am not of the Committee on •
; Puh.ie Buil lings and Grounds, and this is a 1
i matter local in another State. I do not feel 'i
i called upon to suggest, indeed 1 should fear J
; that I might be deemed intruding if I were to i!
| suggest any provisions in the t>"ll calculated ;!
! effrcuially to provide against the contingency ji
S'l/g-sted by tlrs bill, and by other communi- j|
, canons which 1 have received—I submit, how-
] ev>-r. with great uoterenee to the honorable
j Senator from Vermont, that if it be true that
i four tilths of the owners of this square have
j agreed in writing, or have agreed at ail. that
! they will submit to d. iutere<t«d parties the
; question! of the \alue of their tights, it is ttie
j apnroptiate foundation of someUiins stronger
| thai) the alternative presented in the" bid.
I Now, the provision, as 1 understand it, is
that if the residue of this square can be ob-
, tained moderately, either by private, purchase
, or by condemnation, then thehmlding is to be
erected there ; and if it ca mot be, o?herwi-e.
1 do no' quite understand how proe- e lui:'s can
be hail to eondemn 'diii property u"ii iinvniode
ac the simietiii.e re-orteo to (■nt-o'iti.i* iu ad-
vance. or to ascr.fiam at nil wituout ihe actual
condemnation, whether by reason of tamper-
ing with juries, a.s was suggested, or in any other
way, an extortionate price may be put upon it.
I to say.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely
wish to say in reference to the point suggested
by the Senator from New York that there U
no purpose on the part of the Secretary of the
Treasury, or any other officer of the Govern
ment, to remove the building from its present
site, and I think that the provision here sug-
gested is a provision such us the Senator nvra
New York is very much in the habit of insert-
ing in such bills, to give the Go.-ernrue',: con-
trol of the subject in order that they may not
be circumvented by any combination by which
to obtain more than ought to be paid for this
land. I take it there is no purpose either at
Chicago or here to change the site, and any
fair-minded man will come to the same con-
clusion on that point as the Senator from New
York. I have no doubt the Secretary of the
Treasury will reach the same conclusion.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President 
/The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to state, in response to the Senator from
Michigan, that this happening to be, on" of the
days when there is no special order, and when
there is no umiuished business—for the motion
to proceed to the consideration of a resolu-
tion which was made last night fell with
yesterday s session—■the morning budnets will
continue ail dav u'de,-.* sooner disponed of.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
The _ VICE PRESIDENT. i'h : Senator
from Illinois is entitled the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. In answer to what has been
said by the Senator from New York 1 have
but a word to say.
i his bid was prepared after a eot.f'roof"1 b"-
tween ;i portion of the m-mbi 1-. el :!;•■ Hon-""
of itf pre-,>uta:;ves tnim :u;.; my eel-
leii'iue am! myself, and the reason n,r putiing
in this provision was what has been Mated by
my colleague. I believe there i-s no Represent-
ative or Senator from lilitioiswhodoesnol wish
