3788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
point of, order. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is ruled out of order, I insist he
has no right to speak unless he takes an appeal
from the decision of the Chair, and then he
has a right to speak.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has so in-
formed the gentleman from Massachusetts.
There will not be any misunderstanding be-
tween the gentleman from Massachusetts and
the Chair. If he desires to go further than is
provided for under existing laws, he goes
further, then, in his amendmentthan is admis-
sible under the rules.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
wish my amendment to go any further. I will
make a new amendment, to insert after line
eleven hundred and fifty a proviso that no
payment shall be made out of this fund until
the claims are audited by a commission ap-
pointed by law.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to that, because it
is not in order, as it changes existing law.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. They are aud-
ited now.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does the
Chair overrule the point of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, but overrules the amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to provide that no portion of this shall be
paid on claims not authorized by existing law.
Mr. DtCKBY. I agree to that.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
ask your acceptance. Mr. Chairman, is that
amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If it be
in order, then I propose to speak to it, unless
some one steps in before me.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will be
protected in his right.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let us
see where we are. There have been many
claims for raising and equipping volunteer
troops not authorized by law paid. There
have been a great many of them. Pennsyl-
vania has already been paid to such an extent
that she could afford to give a quarter of
a million dollars to her agent to get her
claims through. Illinois had such, whether
rightly or wrongly I do not know, and they
have been paid. Kentucky attempted to get
hers, but the Secretary of the Treasury said
there was no law for it. I am not now asking
to pass any law about these claims. Iowa got
hers paid under au appropriation bill. These
claims seem to be ruled in one day and out
the next at caprice. Now Massachusetts
comes in with a small claim of $200,000 for
doing what, when the Alabama and other con-
federate cruisers were on our coast, the Gov-
ernment had not the funds to do, and that is,
erecting fortifications and mounting thereon
the necessary big guns. The General Govern-
ment called upon Massachusetts and New York
to do it. They did defend by earth works that
long line of sea coast at their own cost, exactly
what the General Government ought to have
done at its cost. AH this was done by the
direction of the General Government under
a promise to pay the expenses, and the works
were done under the direction of the Federal
officers.
In 1866 Congress appointed a commission
to audit the claims of Massachusetts for this
class of expenditure, and to ascertain how
much was justly due. That commission re-
ported, and I have the report in my hand,
stating that so much was due to the State of
Massachusetts for money advanced to protect
the sea-coast of the United States during the
war from the Alabama and other pirates. We
have been trying to get this claim considered
by Congress for eight years, and six since the
claim was audited ; but when we appeal to the
justice of the House for an appropriation for
that purpose, the gentleman from Ohio, which
State is here with a claim for two per cent,
for not making a national road years ago, and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania also, which
State has been here with its claim, which has
been paid, object, not on the justice of the
matter, but. raise some point of order, which
is raised whenever this just claim is brought
up for consideration. If it was larger we
might get it, but it is too small apparently to
command the proper attention.
Now, sir, all I desire is that we shall be
squarely dealt with by the House, and that
alter we have had our claim audited we shall
be paid, what the commissioners have found to
be justly due. If these sums are not to be
paid, what did you appoint that commission
for ? Was it merely to put us to the expense
of appearing before the commission, and not
to get payment of our claims when they were
duly audited, allowed, and approved?
It is said on the other side that there is no
law for the payment. If there was a law for
the payment of our claim, it would be paid at
onee I suppose, and I would not be here ask-
ing for one to authorize the payment. The
object of my motion, which was read, is to
have a law.
I withdraw the present amendment.
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
To fin able the Secretary of "War to pay the ex-
penses incurred on the part of the United States in
tlic arbitration had between the United States and
the Green Bay and Mississippi Canal Company,
$11,206 98.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to
amend the paragraph by striking out " $11,-
206 90," and inserting " $13,713 97."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COBURN. Ioffer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the paragraph last
read:
For the erection of head-stones upon the graves
of soldiers in the national cometeries, the Bum of
$200,000.
Mr. SARGENT. Has the bill providing
for this passed both Houses ?
Mr. COBURN. The bill has passed this
House.
Mr. SARGENT. This isavery large amount,
and I-must make the point of order on the
amendment unless there is legislation author-
izing it.
Mr. COBURN. There is such legislation.
The act of 1867 provides as follows:
" That in the arrangement of the national ceme-
teries established for the burial of deceased soldiers
and sailors, the Secretary of War is hereby directed
to have the samo inclosed with a good and substan-
tial stono or iron fence, and to eausc each grave to
be marked with a small head-stone or block."
I will state that the head-boards which have
been erected are rotten and must be renewed.
It is highly proper that this appropriation
should be made.
Mr. SARGENT. I withdraw the point of
order.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
For the establishment of an astronomical base,
and continuance of military and geographical sur-
veys and explorations west of the one hundredth
meridian of longitudo, under the direction of the
Secretary of War, $75,000.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, some
months ago, on the question of printing, when
the legislative bill was under consideration, 1
called attention, by way of illustration, to the
work of Clarence King and accompanying
maps. Among other statements which I made
at that time was that the maps printed in the
volume were reproductions of the working
drawings of the mining engineers on the Com-
stock lode, and were not the result of original
explorations by the King corps. The state-
ment was subsequently challenged, and I took
pains to verify my previously entertained ideas
on the matter. The result is that I am satis-
fied that I was correct in stating that the ori-
ginal working drawings were used, but incor-
rect in undervaluing the work done by the
corps in creating new maps from these mate-
rials. The original maps only showed de-
tached mines. The maps published group
together the mines and give a connected show-
ing-, from which experts and scientific obser-
vers can form conclusions as to the nature of
the great Comstock vein, and get a perfect
idea of the workings. The results are valu-
able to science. The exhibition of the sur-
veys before was fragmentary, now it is a con-
nected whole. T-he work seems to have been
done patiently and with great fidelity, and the
result is a valuable contribution to mining
knowledge. To the.general merits of Mr.
King's work, and that of his corps, I desire
to testify; and I did not intend to detract
from it in my former remarks. My criticism
was to its dress and not to its value. As my
remarks may have tended to detract from the
well-earned credit of Mr. King and his assist-
ants, and have implied that such credit was
assumed where it was not due, I wish cheer-
fully and generously to do him and them the
reparation in my power. To this end I ask
that the letter I send to the desk, from one of
his principal assistants, may be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington, March 18, 1872.
My Dear Sir r I have little to add to whatl said
to you in our conversation last Saturday evening,
but I beg leave to submit a brief written statement
concerning the atlas plates which were the subject
of discussion, as I think it very desirable that their
true purpose and character should be clearly appre-
hended by you or any one disposed to criticise them.
When Mr. King's party went to Virginia City it
became partof their plan to make acoinplete study,
description, and discussion of the Comstock lode, its
geological features, structure, and mode of occur-
rence of its ore bodies. To do this efficiently it was
not only necessary to study it underground at the
time of our visit, but to collect all the available
material in the form of past surveys and records.
Fortunately, we found the best of data of thischar-
acter, lor nearly all the leading mines have em-
ployed for eight or ten years the excellent survey-
ors whose names are given on the title page of our
atlas, in keeping up the survey from month to
month. *
These surveys, however, (especially the ground
plans, for longitudinal elevation existed before,) were
all or nearly all disconnected, each mine being dis-
tinct and separate from its neighbors. As such they
were mere fragments of a whole, the relations of
the several parts beingveryimperfectly studied, and
not affording the desired foundation for any careful
reasoning or generalization as to the form of the vein
or its general structure.
To collect all these heterogeneous materials, to
study them carefully, reducing them all to uniform
scale, map them so as to present a comprehen-
sive view of tho vein as a whole, was Mr. King's
work. The fragmentary surveys existing before
would be of no use or interest to persons not con-
cerned in the particular mine to which they referred,
but brought together as a whole, as in our atlas,
they became a valuable contribution to the world's
knowledge of the character of mineral veins in gen-
eral, and specially of one of the most remarkable
silver veins ever known. In this form the structure
and character of the vein can be studied by profes-
sional men all over the world, and the atlas con-
taining these plates will thus have a permanent
value, since it contains records and surveys that
a few years hence, or even now, it would be very
difficult to collect. I am assured that this very work
placed in the hands of the recent Sutro tunnel com-
mission most valuable material which would have
cost much time, trouble, and money to obtain if the
results of Mr. King's labors had not been at their
command; and I am told that eight of these atlas
plates are to be oopied to illustrate the report of
that commission.
Now, the credit of this work—as to its conception,
purpose, and general execution—is entirely due to
Mr. King. Mr. Emmons, one of his permanent as-
sistants, spent some weeks in collating and studying
the old surveys aided by theseveral local surveyors of
Virginia City and Gold Hill; and Mr. Stretch, whose
special experience was the largest, and whose skill
in drawing very great, was employed to prepare the
plates for the engraver. AU these gentlemen re-
ceive due credit, either on the title page of the atlas
or in the main volume.
I trust that this statement will relieve your mind
of the impression you have hitherto had that these
plates are presented under any false pretense. They
are compiled chiefly from preexisting data; they
must be to be authentic and useful; but they are
compiled with a purpose far more comprehensive
than that for which the isolated .fragments were
made; and in this respect the work has all the merit
of originality in design and execution.
I need not repeat whatl said of the fidelity and
patient labor with which the main volume and its
illustrations (chiefly my own) were prepared; nor
need I remind you of the serious effects which your
late comments may.have upon my professional rep-
utation among business men in this country and
iingland. The candid and friendly manner in which
you acknowledged the justice of my remarks the
other evening assures me that you wilt be as earnest
in repairing an injustice wiiiu you ouco apprehend
