1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
the building to be erected on the same ground
upon which the former building stood. 1 be-
lieve that is the desire of the citizens of Chi-
cago, and certainly it is the desire of our-
selves ; but it was thought best by those who
were in consultation to put in this provision for
the reason given by my colleague, that combin-
ations might be made with reference to the
property there of such a character as to require
an extravagant price to be paid for it. I
believe the property can be purchased at a rea-
sonable price. What I mean by a reasonable
price is a reasonable price for property in that
locality in Chicago.
I am pretty well satisfied, however, that it
cannot be purchased at such a price as I have
heard it suggested by some persons ought to
be paid for it. Property in that locality has
always been held at a tolerably fair price.
Hence I presume the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, under the circumstances, would not be
unwilling to give that which was considered a
fair price by persons who laiew something of
the value of property in that, vicinity. Believ-
ing that, we thought it was best to put in tbis
provision, so that if extravagant prices were
demanded of the Government the Secretary of
the Treasury might have an opportunity of
saying to these people that if they will not
sell to the Government at such prices as the
pioperty would be sold for to citizens there
then he should have an opportunity of select-
ing a site somewhere else within a limited
area of twenty-four blocks.
I believe that it is well enough to give the
Secretary of the Treasury this option, with no
view, however, that he will chauge the loca-
tion of the building. I believe that to change
the location of the public buildings of the
United States in Chicago would be detrimental
to the interests of many persons there who have
investedlarge sums of money. 1 thinkit would
be very wrong. The buildings around the pub-
lic. property in Chicago were on a very grand
scale. They were very expensive buildings.
Those people who invested largely there, drawn
there, I know not why, but perhaps on account
of the location of the public offices, put up
buildings which were occupied for offices and
rented at high prices, so that they were very
profitable to the owners; and to change the
location now, in my judgment would be very
detrimental to iheir interests; would be such
a wrong as ought not to be perpetrated by either
Congress or the Secretary of the Treasury. As
I said, having this confidence in the Secretary
that he would locate it there, provided a fair
compensation should be placed upon the prop-
erty, we deemed it advisable to put in this bill
the clause spoken of, ho that he might have
the opportunity of saying "If you wiil not lot
the Government have the ground at such a
price as you would seil it to individuals tor, the
Government will go elsev.here.' That is all
the reason there was for it. There was no
desire on the part ot' any of us tnat a change
should be made. II 1 believed that under this
bill there was any probability whatever of a
change of location, I should vote ag'ainst the
bill raj self, because I know that the wish of
the citizens of Chieugo is to have the location
where it has been hcretofnre. 1 have stated
the reason why the hill was drawn as it is.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Allow me to inquire of
the Senator whether lie understands it to be a
fact that four filths of 1 lie persons owning the
residue of the square have agieod, and in
writing, as the statement is, to sell it at a fair
price, or, if there is a failure to agree, to refer
it to impartial third persons to fix the price?
Mr. LOGAN. 1 have no understanding, as
far as that is concerned, from any one except
one person. Theie is a gentleman by the
name of Lombard who owns a large amount
of pioperty m that block, from whom I under-
stood, before L left Chicago, that he wojld sell
to the Government at a lair and reasonable
price. I have heard also th.it others would;
but 1 have no knowledge on that point. The
presumption, however, in my mind is that they
will all take a fair price. I believe so; at least
I hope so.
As far as any of this property belongs to an
estate, I only know the fact that there is a por-
tion of it which belongs to an estate, but what
estate, or what amount of the property, 1 do
not know. That, of course, will have to be the
subject of condemnation. The residue can be
taken by contract between the Government
and the parties owning it, provided the con-
tract is made in the manner prescribed bylaw.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the first amendment proposed by the
Senator from Vermont, from the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, which will
be again read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in line eleven, after the word " price,'' to
insert the words "for the ground;" so as to
read:
If the same can be obtained either by private
purchase or condemnation at what, in his judgment,
id a fnir and reasonable price for the ground.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the next amendment of the Senator
from Vermont.
The Chief Clerk. The next amendment
is in lines twelve, thirteen, and fourteen, to
strikeout the words "some other square of
ground in the city of Chicago not more than
two squares distant from," and in l'ieu thereof
to insert "one of the twenty-four squares of
ground nearest to and immediately surround-
ing so ab to read:
And if not, then it shall be his duty to purchase,
in one of the ways aforesaid, one of the twenty-four
squares of ground nearest to and immediately sur-
rounding the square on which said buiidmg destroyed
by fire wad located.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
BEMUTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
reported by the Committee on Privileges and
Elections, declaring Thomas AI. Norwood enti-
tled to a seat as Senator from Georgia.
Mr. SHERMAN. The morning business is
not yet through, and 1 desire to introduce a
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Wisconsin that
although the matter which he desires to call
up is a question of privilege the rules of the
Senate expressly provide that the Presiding
Officer, after doing certain things—
"Shall then call for—
Petitions and memorials;
Reports of committees;
The introduction ot hills;
Joint resolutions;
Resolutions ;
all of which shall be received and disposed of in such
order, unless unanimous consent shall be otherwise
given.''
Mr. POMEROY. An election ease is not of
so high privilege as is the doing of the morn-
ing business.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not insist upon
calling it up now, under those circumstances.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are still in order.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
351) to fix the compensation of the Second
Comptroller and Register of the Treasury,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The same committee
direct me to report back the bill (S. No. 253)
to promote the "collection of internal revenue
adversely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
regarded as indefinitely postponed, unless theie
be some dissent to that disposition of it.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title of the
bill will be reported from the desk.
The Chief Clei«. A bill (S. No. 253) to
promote the collection of internal revenue.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a bill introduced at
the last session to provide a police force.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
regarded as indefinitely postponed.
Mr. SCOTT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back the bill (S.
No. 362) declaratory of an act entitled "An
act to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 14, 1870, withanamend-
ment in the nature of a substitute, accompanied
by a written report, and a letter from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, stating the amount of
income tax probably due for the last five
months of the year 1870, if that income tax
be collected. I move that the report and this
letter, with the bill, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
mlls introduced.
Mr. EDMUNDS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 407) to punish stock-gambling by public
officers, and for other purposes: which was
read twice by its title, referied to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, aud ordered to be primed.
Mr. FLANAGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtaiucd, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 408) to establish a post route in Texas;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices aud Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 409) for the relief of Rear
Admiral Thomas Turner ; which was read twice
by its title, and, with the accompanying papers
presented by him, referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 410) appropriating money
to pay the unsatisfied claims of the State of
Kentucky growing out of the late civil war:
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
411) to establish the salaries of the collectors
of customs at certain ports of entry; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 412)
to fix the compensation of the Third Auditor
of the Treasury ; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Appropiia-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. VICKERS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 413) to appropriate a sum of money ibr
the placing of lange-lights along the ship chan-
nel in the Chesapeake bay aud Patapsco river,
111 the S'ate of Maryland, commonly called the
Craighill channel: which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
lie also asked, aud by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 414)
for the relief of William S. Mitchell; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (6.
No. 415) to expedite the survey of private land
claims ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move the reference of
the bill to the Committee on Private Land
Claims ; aud 1 wish to state for the inform
ation of the committee that it. is the same bill
which was reported favorably from thai com-
miuee at the last session of Congress to this
body, with some amendments to better effect-
uate the object of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
