1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2893
ride the same horse one must ride behind, and
where the House has voted one way and the
Senate another there must always be a giving
upon one side altogether, or a mutual giving up.
The Senate put into this bill a clause that re-
pealed, after the end of the present session, all
laws for printing statutes in newspapers. The
Senate conferees were very firm in the matter,
and although I myself, as a matter of personal
opinion, would have been willing to let their
view of the matter prevail, yet my associates on
the conference will bear me witness that I
insisted that some giving away on the part of
the Senate should be had, and on my own sug-
gestion it was finally agreed that the day of
repeal should be put off until the 4th of March,
1875, instead of the 4th of March next.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Another
question on another point. Did we ride be-
hind in the matter of the civil service commis-
sion ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Unfortunately,
in my view of the case, we were ahead in that
matter. The Senate gave way from $50,000
down to $25,000, and the House gave way
from $10,000 up to $25,000; that is, the Sen-
ate gave way $25,000 and the House gave way
$15,000. I think- the Senate rode behind in
that case.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
the voice of the House was the other way.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield to
the gentleman fromlllinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
for Eve minutes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think this confer-
ence report is made up very much as the
Dutch justice in New York decided his cases.
His plan was to weigh the parties to the case,
and give his decision in favor of the one who
weighed the most, and divide the costs accord-
ing to the weight. And in those cases where
' the parties were of the same weight he decided
that the costs should be divided between
them. That seems to be the plan upon which
the committee of conference has made up the
report which we ^re now asked to adopt.
But this report contains two or three things
to which I cannot assent. The Senate amended
the bill bv increasing the salaries of all the
district judges of the United States. The con-
ference committee have changed that amend-
ment so as to provide for increasing the sala-
ries of the judges in the District of Columbia,
but cutting off everybody else. That is the
shape this question almost always takes. If
any salaries are to be increased we always
begin right here in the District of Columbia.
This report proposes to increase the salaries
of the judges o! the Court of Claims, as well
as the judges of the United States court in this
District, these gentlemen, some of whom are
scarcely warm m their seats, some of whom
have resigned positions of even more dignity
to accept these offices, are to have their sala-
ries increased. Mr. Speaker, I am opposed at
the present time to increasing the salary of
anybody, unless occasionally where you may
find amoverworked judge, and there are some
such to my knowledge; there is one in the
north-rn district of Illinois. Where there is
presented to us a case of an overworked judge
who is obliged to labor day and night, taking
no vacation either in the heat of summer or at
any other season of the year, who must work
constantly to keep up his docket, and whose
duties require exalted talents and great judicial
experience, it may be well fcr us in such case
to grant an increase of salary. But to provide
for increasing the salaries of the judges of the
Court of Claims, and for making a distinction
between the presiding judge and the associate
justices, appears to me all nonsense.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is no
such distinction made. All the judges are
placed upon a level. The gentleman is read-
ing fiom an old report, not the last. The last
report does not provide for increasing the sala-
ries of the judges of the supreme court of the
district. The salaries of the judges of the
Courtof Claims are increased; butthose judges
are all placed on a level.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I of course
take back what I have said about an increase
of the salaries of the judges of the other court.
But my objection holds good as to the Court
of Claims. The judges of that court are not
very much overworked ; their labors are not so
arduous as to entitle them to this increase of
salary.
Sir, I do not believe in this method of in-
creasing salaries by riders on appropriation
bills, and I think the House should not assent
to any such proposition. If the salary of any
judge ought to be increased, let the Judiciary
Committee so determine, and let the House
act upon their recommendation. If the sal-
aries of the officers of any other,department
are to be increased, let there be a report from
the appropriate committee. There are some
officers in the Post Office Department who are
certainly as much entitled to an increase of
salary as some of the gentlemen named in
this bill. But the increase of the salaries of
those officers is struck out; on that point the
Senate recedes.
I object also to that part of the report of the
committee of conference which allows the
Senate amendment to stand, authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to appoint commis-
sioners or agents for the purpose of gathering
up certain property. I understand that the
Secretary of the Treasury does not wish the
enactment of any such provision. I am op-
posed to a proposition of that kind on the
ground I have always advocated that we should
abandon the system of spies and informers.
These commissioners are, as I understand, to
be appointed as spies or informers..
Mr. AMBLER. And the proposition is not
for a general system of spies, but for a monop-
oly of spies, if I may so express it. Certain
gentlemen are to have a monopoly of the spy
system of the United States.
Mr. RANDALL. Now, when we are pro-
posing to abolish about two thousand revenue
officers, here comes a proposition to increase
them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suppose that per-
haps, if we are to have any spies, we might as
well have a monopoly of them.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If we are going
to have any, the fewer the better, I think.
Mr. AMBLER. It seems to me that the
thirty-fourth amendment ought not to be
agreed to. The House has voted. I do not
know how often, in distinct opposition to the
moiety system and the spy system. This
proposition, it is true, does not contemplate
the moiety system properly so called, but a
system by which the Secretary of the Treasury
may divide with three gentlemen to be named
'by him the proceeds of prosecutions. Such a
provision seems to be entirely wrong.
Mr. GARF1JELD, of Ohio. I yield to my
colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, I can -readily
understand that a committee of conference on
an important bill like this must labor under
very great difficulty as to some of the amend-
ments. So far as this report goes I agree, 1
believe, in almost every particular with the
conclusions to which the conference commit-
tee has arrived.
But the object of that has just been men-
tioned. I wholly dissent from amendment
thirty-four, and that amendment came in this
way: the proposition first catne to the Com
mittee on Appropriations in the House, and
was voted down. It was put on in the Senate.
It came back to the House, and being sent to
the Committee on Appropriations, was struck
out. The committee going further in the right
direction, not only struck out the Senate
amendment, but struck out and repealed that
act of June 21, 1870. When it went back to
the Senate that body insisted, and in the con-
ference the committee of this House, for the
sake of harmony, and acting, I have no doubt,
as they believed judiciously, consented to put
this clause in.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what is it? It provides
that from and after the passage of this act the
Secretary of the Treasury shall have power to
employ not more than three persons to assist
the proper officers of the Government in dis-
covering and collecting any money belonging
to the United States whenever the same shall
be withheld by any person or corporation,
upon such terms and conditions as he shall
deem best for the interests of the United
States ; but no compensation shall be paid to
such persons except out of the money and
property so secured.
The history of the subject-matter of paying
informers and giving them a monopoly, as it
has been well characterized by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Ambler,] is this: in 1870
Congress did pass an act giving to the Secretary
of - the Treasury authority to contract with
persons who had knowledge about wrecked
property, abandoned property, or confederate
property which should come to the knowledge
and the possession of the United States. It
was conceived in the direction of this amend-
ment.
The history of the operation of that law has
been this: that from time to time men have
come to the Secretary of the Treasury and
have assured him they had knowledge where
there were old arrearages of money and
property due to the United States Treasury,
and by that assurance have got the authority
of the Secretary to go abroad over the land
and to make contracts to get back that prop-
erty, and from that day to this the Secretary
of the Treasury, with the exception of a few
hundred dollars which have been paid into the
Treasury, has never heard from these men.
With slight exceptions he has never secured
but a few hundred dollars for the Treasury
and never heard of these men afterwards.
These men came to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and they claimed to have knowledge of
old arrearages, whatever their character may
be, which as good citizens they were bound to
inform the Government of, hut they made a
trade of their knowledge. The knowledge of
these men is their capital. They refuse to in-
form unless they are paid for it. They present
themselves in the most offensive way as in-
formers, and when they receive the authority
of the Secretary, they go to the parties who
they claim are delinquent and they say the
Treasury will give us twenty-five per cent, if
we inform on you, and if you do not give us
fifty per cent, we will inform, and when it is
given to them they are never more heard of by
the Government. This amendment, if adopted,
will lead to that in a greater degree than under
the late law.
Mr. MAYNARD. Let me supplement the
remarks of the gentleman from Maine with an
instance which occurred some years ago. A
party came to the Treasury and wanted to com-
municate to the Treasury information of a large
deposit of money belonging to the Government
of the United States on condition t hat one half
should be given to him for lhe information.
The officers of the Government refused to
comply, and it afterward came out that the
deposit which belonged to the Government of
the United States, and which was to be recov-
ered by that information, was really an old
deposit locked up in one of the banks in this
city, which by some change m the books had
escaped the notice of the Government officers.
By merely crossing the street and giving the
information of this deposit of money in the
bank it was expected one half of the whole
amount would be received by the informer.
Mr. HALE. I can imagine a good many
modern instances of that kind.
Mr. MAYNARD. This was not a modern
instance.
Mr. HALE. What I object to is this : that
these informers should be paid for assisting
