1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1097
not attempt to improve upon what he has said
or to repeat it. I shall have accomplished my
present purpose by sending to the Secretary's
desk the statement which I hold in my hand,
which will be a further complete answer, if
one is needed, to the statement of the Sena-
tor from Missouri upon this question so far as
relates to the Onondaga Salt Company of New
York, and what is applicable to that company
is true in fact of the Saginaw Company in
Michiga.n, and the Ohio River Valley Com-
pany in Ohio and northern Virginia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The communication
will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
John W. Barker, the secretary of the Salt Com-
pany of Onondaga; Thomas Molloy, the treasurer,
and William H. Sayre, the principal book-keeper of
said company, being severally and duly sworn, de-
pose and say, a/id each for himself deposes and says,
that the said company keeps, and has at all times kept
regular, just, and true books of account which accu-
rately state and show from year to year the condi-
tion and results of the business of the said company ;
that from the said books it appears :
That iu the year 1870 the total net profits of said
company, without including interest on capital, was
$171,321 08; and for the year 1871, 8215,878 52.
That in arriving at tile above results the charges
for cost and expense were the following, and only
thcfollowing items:
1. The prime eost of fuel. 2. The prime cost of
labor in manufacturing. 3. The actual expenses of
package, of packing, shipping, transporting, andsell-
ing. 4. Town, city, county, and State taxes actually
paid upon the property used in the manufacture.
5. interest actually paid upon money borrowed.
That the capital stock of the company is $1,250,-
000; ofwhioh there ispaidin.in money, $1,176,263 16.
That the capital in property, that is to say, in salt-
works and erections used by the company for the
manufacture of salt is as follows ; blocks or boiling
works, $2,111,597 69 ; solar works. $2,226.850; dairy
salt-mills, S1J0,U00; which severally represent the
actual valuations of such property appearing on the
said books, and are not, in the confident opinion of
these deponents, at alliwcxcess of what it would cost
now in money to erect the said works.
Adding together the said sums, the total capital
used by the company in salt-manufacturing erec-
tions and in eash paid in upon the capital stock is
&0,664,710 85, and for the use of all this capital no
compensation whatever was earned the two last
years, 1870, 1871, except the sums above stated, of
§171,321 06, for 1870, and $215,878 52 for 1871; for both
of those years, ©387,199 58; and the true lesult is that
for the said two years the profit on capital invested
has been only three and lour tenths per cent, per
annum, less than seven per cent, in the whole of the
two years.
Deponents further say that in the year 1871 the
said company, as appears from its books, manufac-
tured 8,374,8ll bushels of salt; that it had on hand
at the close of said year 3,745,416 bushels unsold,
situated at home and in various parts of the coun-
try, to which the salt is sent for markets; and that
in making up the accounts of the company, show-
ing the annual profits as above set forth, the salt on
baud is reckoned and included at its actual cost of
manufacture, with the other expenses added, where
ever such salt is situated. And further these depo-
nents say not.
JOHN W. BARKER, Secretary.
THOMAS MOLLOY. Treasurer.
WTLLIAM H. SAYRE, Book-Keener.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 1st day of
March. 1872.
R. M. BEECIIER,
Notary Public, Syracuse, New York.
Mr. MORTON. What does that make the
annual profit ?
Mr. CONKLlNGr. Three and a half per
cent, for each of the last two years.
Mr. FBNTON. Less than seven per cent,
for the last two years.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President, whenever one
of these monopolies comes before Congress to
get an extension of their privileges to live at
the expense ol other people, they are prepared
to make this sort of showing of how little they
make upon the capital invested. The senior
Senator from New York, although perhaps the
youngest in years, in addressing the Senate
told us that in I860 there were only imported
into this country some sixteen million bushels
of salt.
Mr. CONKLING-. Fourteen millions.
Mr. BLAIli. Fourteen millions, and now
there are only twelve millions. At that time
the tax was only a cent and a half a bushel,
whereas now it is much nearer three or four
times that amount, and more than that. It is
eighteen cents and twenty-four cents to the
hundred pounds, about sixty pounds to the
bushel. It is nearly eight or ten cents a
bushel. In 1860 it was only a cent and a half
a bushel, or, as the Senator from New York
characterized it, it was almost upon a free-
trade basis; and yet these salt companies at
that time manufactured and sold all the salt
that was used in this country, with the excep-
tion of fourteen million bushels imported.
They were able to do it at that time, and I
presume they were able to do it and make
money. I have not a particle of doubt that
they made money out of it. Nevertheless,
they cannot get along now without a tax of
eighteen cents and twenty-four cents on the
hundred pounds.
The Senator informs us that although they
have received this enormous protection they
have been able to drive out only two million
bushels of the foreign article ; that the for-
eigners continue to supply twelve million
bushels. They have only reduced the im-
portation by two million bushels. I explained
to the Senate at the time I had the honor to
address them before, the reason of that; that
there are descriptions of salt that are abso-
lutely essential to the cure of meat, that we
must have, the Turk's Island or the rock salt,
and if you were to put the tariff upon it at a
hundred cents a bushel, it would still come
in, because the salt made at Syracuse does
not compete with it and cannot compete with it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from Missouri if he is not aware
that the Navy Department has made tests
of the quality of different kinds of salt, and
they do not sustain the position that he now
maintains?
Mr. BLAIR. I understand that the pack-
ers have made experiments that tell a very
different story. Such is the belief of the coun-
try in which I live, where this business of
packing, in which enormous quantities of salt
are used, is carried on to such an immense ex-
tent. Our people who are carrying on that
business, and who are taxed in order to sup-
port this monopoly at Syracuse, hold the
opinion—and I believe their opinion is worth
someihing, much more than the experiments
which have been tried here and to which the
Senator alludes—that meat cannot be cured so
as to be secure in going under the tropics with
any other than imported salt. Such is their
opinion ; and if the salt tax were double what
it is now, we would continue to import it;
but at the same time it would give the Syra-
cuse monopoly the privilege of raising still
higher its price, that enormous price which it
imposes now upon all persons within the limits
of the United States, but upon which in favor
of the Canadians it makes a rebate of about
one half, and also in favor of the fisherman
who has the benefit of foreign competition.
They can go to the sea-coast of New England
and sell their salt m competition with the im-
porters of salt, and they do so at the price of
the imported salt; but the people of the West,
the packers' of pork and also the manufactur-
ers of woolen goods, iu which manufactured
salt is an ingredient, are taxed for the benefit
of the constituents of the Senator from New
York.
I piotest that this tax is unnecessary; that
as before the war this manufacture could be
made self-sustaining, and was then self-sus-
taining, it can be made so now, especially as
the salt tax'is paid in coin, wnich in itself
affords a protection. There is theretore_ no
necessity tor one cent of tariff upon this article
in order to make a good business for the salt-
makers and salt-boilers ot Syracuse and Sag-
inaw and of the Ohio company; atid I refer
again to the fact that out ot these enormous
profits which they have derived from their
monopoly they have been able to rent the
Kanawha salt-works and let them stand idle,
paying $75,000 a year rent. It seems to me
that the laborers for whom the Senator ex-
presses such deep sympathy——
Mr. CONKLLNO. May I ask my friend
just there a question ?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
_ Mr. CONKLlNGr. Considering these enorm-
ities, will he tell us how many of his constit-
uents, or others through him, have petitioned
in reference to the tariff on salt?
Mr. BLAIR. I will say one thing for my
constituents: you will find there are fewer
of the people of the West here beating at the
doors of your committee-rooms to make rep-
resentations, or with schemes and plans to
plunder their fellow-citizens, than you will of
any other class of people in this country.
They dq not come here on any such errands.
They have endured this taxation, not that they
did not disapprove it; not that they do not
know it to be a system of plunder ; not that they
do not know that they are being plundered for
•the benefit of others; but they expect their
voice to be heard here by the representatives
whom they have sent for that purpose.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to interrupt
the Senator a moment to make a suggestion.
To equalize the patriotic sentiment between
the two sections of the country, I desire to
suggest to him if the statement which hasjust
been read from the table may be taken as a
fair statement of the condition of these salt
companies, they have suffered enough already,
their capital earning less than three and a
half per cent. ; they have done their duty to
this country furnishing salt very cheaply and
handsomely. It is not proposed to put up the
tariff on salt so as to make it any more profit-
able, and if we keep it where it is two years
more, they will be ruined to a certainty. I
think justice to them requires that we should
put salt on the free list, and thus let them out
of their agony at once. [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President, 1 have another
witness on this subject. I will say that from
the evidence I have had laid before me I do
not believe a single word of the statement that
was read herefrom Mr. Baxter and these other
parties, for I have here a speech of Judge
Biinckerhoff, of Ohio, on this subject, from
which I will proceed to read an extract to the
Senate. It shows up the transactions of this
monopoly at Syracuse:
" The great State of New York stands powerless
in the presence of this ' mighty corporation.'
AVhere this power comes from is evident enough,
when we look into the profits of the company as
soon as they got full tariff upon it. Look at their
dividends."
I was asked a few moments since, when I
read the statement of Mr. Wells, that they had
declared six dividends in one year, one of
them of twelve and a half per cent., to state
when it was. Judge Biinckerhoff states it:
March, 1862  12£ per cent.
April 23   $125 per share.
September 13  1 25 per share.
September 27  1 25 per share.
October 4  1 25 per share,
October 11  2 25 per share.
All of these dividends were made in oneyear,
in 1862. One dividend of twelve and a half
per cent, in March, 1862, and the other five
dividends running through the spring, sum-
mer, and autumn.
Judge Brinckerhoff says:
" Now, if the shares are continued the same as at
the iirst organization, namely, two dollars, these
dividends were exceeding comfortable. But, under
this state of affairs, what would a set of men nat-
urally do with a machine which coins mc-ney for
them like a mint? Of course they would want it
concealcd as far as possible from the public eye. It
would not do to let the public know that they were
making annual dividends of several hundred per
cent., and therefore by reference to the books of tlie
secretary of State I find that on the loth of Febru-
ary, 1864, the capital of the Salt Company of Onon-
daga was increased to ?j320,000, every dollar of which
was watered stock.
"This dodge, of course, enabled the company to
throw dust in the eyes of the people, and conceal
somewhat the real amount of dividends. As mat-
ters turned out, however, tho profits increased to
such enormous proportions that reasonable divi-
