1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
this commission in the rales adopted by them
is repulsive to the very idea of a republican
Government. That a commission of three,
five, or seven persons shall dictate to the
American people for all time to come who
shall fill the civil offices in this Government,
and that for a life tenure, is so totally anti-
repabliean, and subversive of an elective Gov-
ernment, that I am at a loss to know why the
President could for one moment entertain such
a proposition, thus divesting himselt of his
constitutional power to select his own subor-
dinates for the discharge of public trusts.
The law itself, forced through Congress in
the manner which I have shown, gives to this
commission no such power. It says the Presi-
dent is authorized to employ suitable persons
to conduct said inquiries, to prescribe their
duties, and to establish regulations, for what?
For the conduct of persons who may receive
appointments in the civil service. No power is
given by this law, even, to take the appointing
power from the President and constitute them-
selves the dictators as to whom the President
shall appoint to office, and the brazen assump-
tion of the commission in going beyond the
law is the strongest evidence of the dangerous
power sought to be made the universal law of
this country, proscribing from public position
the persons whom the sovereign people may
ask shall discharge the duties.
The President, to whom this law was com-
mitted, appointed and designated seven of our
most distinguished citizens to investigate and
provide rules and regulations for a more effi-
cient and correct management of our civil
service, and to secure greater efficiency and
integrity in its various departments. The
commission, I have no doubt, entered upon
their duty wi th a worthy zeal to inaugurate some
new system designed to remedy as far as possi-
ble the defects that time and experience had
demonstrated to exist in our present one. I
have the report of that commission before me,
and have examined it with considerable care.
It is quite elaborate in argument, and abounds
in misstatements of facts, and embodies over
twenty printed pages of reasons and rules to
be adopted to give to the country a system of
civil service reform, which, if adopted, it is
claimed by its authors, will to a large extent
remedy existing evils. It proposes a complete
divorcement ot all political influence from the
civil service. It makes competitive exam-
inations the test for appointment and scho-
lastic attainments the principal road to prefer-
ment and position, without regard to locality
or practical business capacity such as I deem
important for the discharge of ministerial
duties, and such only as can be properly de-
veloped by tbe practical tests in the depart-
ments to which they may be assigned.
Mr. Speaker, I am in favor of any reform
of the civil service of the country which will
add to its honesty, efficiency, or integrity, and
at the same time do equal and exact justice
to the whole people of the United States. I
understand this to be the people's Govern-
ment, made by the people and for the peo-
ple, and I entertain the opinion that when the
i'ramers of the Constitution met to adopt our
Constitution as the fundamental law of the
land, and said that the object of the people
of the United States in making it was to
form a more perfect Union, establish justice,
insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the
common defense, promote the general wel-
fare, and secure the blessings of liberty to
themselves and their posterity, they never
dreamed, sir, of delegating to an examining
board of schoolmasters or new-fledged col-
legiates the power to dictate the officers in
tbe civil department of this Government.
Indeed, sir, they were careful to guard their
own rights in the Constitution by vesting in
the President of the United States, to be
chosen by themselves, the appointing power,
holding him responsible for the faithful dis-
charge of his subordinates. To him only was
this power delegated, and by him only, in my
opinion, should it be exercised. For an abuse
of the power so conferred by the Chief Execu-
tive the people at the ballot-box have a full
and complete remedy every four years.
And to hold the President responsible to the
people, the Constitution, article two, section
two, provides to whom these powers shall be
exercised as follows.:
" He shall have power, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided
two thirds of the Senators present concur; and he
shall nominate, and, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, shall appoint embassadors,
other public ministers and consuls, judges ot the
Supreme Court, and all other officers of the United
States whose appointments are not herein otherwise
provided for, and which shall be establishedby law;
but the Congress may by law vest the appointment
of such inferior officers as they think proper in the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads
of Departments."
Mr. Speaker, this provision of the Constitu-
tion shows what powers in the civil department
of the Government are vested in the President,
and how far the law-making power may dele-
gate the offices not specifically mentioned. It
says:
" Congress may by law vest the appointment of
such interior officers as they think proper in the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads
of Departments."
Mr. Speaker, this civil service or examining
board are tota ly unknown to the Constitution ;
they are neither courts of law or heads of De-
partments, and any provision by which they
assume to control or dictate these civil appoint-
ments is a clear violation of the letter and
spirit of the Constitution, and is assuming
responsibilities dangerous to our republican
institutions, and an exercise of power for which
there is no -warrant in the Constitution.
It is not my purpose or design in the few
remarks which 1 shall make to discuss to any
considerable extent the constitutional power
to create such a board as the report contem-
plates. I only refer to the provision of the
Constitution bearing upon the subject, leav-
ing it to be more elaborately discussed by my
Democratic friends on the other side of the
House, who have for the last ten years been
such watchful guardians of that instrument,
and whose clarion notes have reverberated
over this whole continent when they smelt
danger, even as the horse smelleth the battle
afar off. 1 propose now to examine the reasons
assigned for this new departure sought to be
inaugurated by this commission, and as far
as possible combat the errors to which the
system would lead us.
The American people, sir, are eminently a
practical people, discarding all vague theories,
and jealous of their rights as sovereigns. They
claim as a matter of justice an equal honor of
serving their country, and a fair division of
the offices and emoluments connected with
the honest administration of the Government,
and will oppose any action by Congress look-
ing to a system of civil service in this country
which will engraft upon it a privileged class
whose office will be a life tenure, selected with-
out their approval or consent. Sir, it is against
the genius of our republican institutions, and
only fit for the iron heel of monarchical des-
potism, where the voice of the people is silent
at the ballot-box, and the sceptre of a tyrant
alone supreme.
It is urged by this commission as the rea-
son for the reform suggested that there should
be a divorce between the public servants of
the people and the civil service, and that the
President and heads of Departments must
ignore the recommendations of members of
Congress who have personal knowledge of the
character and ability of the applicant for posi-
tion, and hug to their embrace with patented
fondness the bastard offspring of the examin-
ing board. The reasons assigned is that these
recommendations are made for poliiical favors
bestowed upon the member, and is immoral in
its tendency, and that sometimes bad men are
pressed upon the President or heads of Depart-
ments for appointment. That bad or incom-
petent persons may enter the civil service un-
der our present system no one will deny, much
less, I apprehend, however, than would find
their way under the proposed plan suggested
by these reformers. What, I would ask, would
an examining board at Washington know of
the moral character or fitness of a candidate
for position from the Pacific coast of whom
they had no personal knowledge? But, say
the board, he must have certificates of health,
character, &c. Supposing lie has, what do the
board know of the character of the men who
make the certificate? Who will certify to their
standing? May notan escaped convict from the
penitemiary have his fellow convic's certify to
his moral standing, and thus armed with his
passport to public favor, appear before this ex-
amining board, clothed in citizen wardrobe,
and if he can tell the distance of the planet
Herschel from the earth, or the nearest ap-
proach of the sun to the earth in its revolu-
tions, and questions similar to these, he passes
the examination and enters the civil depart-
ment of the Government for life ; and thus
good men would be excluded.
We are told, sir, that under our presentsys-
tem of civil service, and through the recom-
mendations of Senators and members, corrupt
and bad men are forced upon the President
and heads of Departments, and that the pres-
sure is so great as to be almost irresistible,
and that our whole civil service is demoralized
to such an extent as to endanger the stability
of our republican institutions, and that these
appointments are demanded as a reward for
party services,' without regard to qualification,
character, or integrity. To this broad charge
and gross slander of our Representatives [
utter my protest, and appeal to the honesty and
efficiency of all the employes of our civil ser-
vice, and the faithful discharge of their duties
in all the Departments of the Government.
Since the Republican party came into power,
I am proud to know that in no period in our
history has the country been so prosperous,
and our financial interests so skillfully man-
aged and so high a degree of clerical ability.
I will go still further and say that tor ability,
integrity, and honesty, and the laiihiul dis-
charge of public trusts in our civil service, it
finds no parallel in the past, and no system of
civil service, in my opinion, yet suggested
would add to its efficiency or to the honesty
or integrity of its officers. Tbe offic al reports
of the Treasury Department, showing the re-
ceipts and disbursements of our public rev-
enues, is a perfect, and complete refutation to
the charges of want of honesty or integrity
under our present civil service of its officers,
when the facts are f-tated that in the receipts
and disbursements of over forty thousand mil-
lion dollars by the various Departments since
the Republican party came into power, not
two per cent, was lost, stolen, or misappro-
priated. Mr. Speaker, if our friends who are
urging a new policy of civil service reform can
improve on this, I for one, sir, wdl gi' e it iny
hearty and undivided support. In u Govern-
ment like ours, where the will of the people
is potential, and where the people are in fact
the Government, and at each staled period
under the laws express their preference for
public servants, it is sure to keep up organized
political parties. Such has been the case since
the inauguration of our first President, and
such will be the case for all lime to come;
and in the distribution of the honors and emol-
uments of public position the party in power
will more or less, to a large extent, give their
friends the preference, and lean see no great
objection to such a policy; lor if the American
people at the ballot-box express their prefer-
ence for a certain cl|tss ot political tenets by
the elevation to power of the party holding
them, I see no good or valid reason forwiih-
holding from their friends the positions to be
filled for their administration. And I know
of no better source of information as to the
