3790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
The navy-yard at Mare Island is the great
navy yard for the Pacific coast. The commit-
tee are of the opinion that we must malse large
and constant appropriations for a series of
years, until that navy-yard is brought up to
the full power and efficiency of a great navy-
yard. The gentleman will see that in regard
to all the other navy-yards we have put in but
small appropriations,only those deemed neces-
sary for the purpose of taking care of the
public property there, and carrying on the
necessary work of slight repairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 wish to ask the gentle-
man from Ohio in this connection whether it is
not the purpose of the Government to have on
the Atlantic coast one or two great navy-yards,
say at League Island, Philadelphia, and at
New London, Connecticut?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. From the action
of Congress at its last session it is, I have no
doubt, the clear purpose of the Government
to make League Island a great navy-yard.
Last year we appropriated $200,000 for dredg-
ing a channel and for building up the surface
of' the.island. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to propose an amend-
ment to this bill, adding $100,000 to the
League Island appropriation for that purpose.
No recommendation has come to the commit-
tee for any increase of the amount proposed
to be appropriated for the navy-yard at New
London. But within the last week the Depart-
ment has asked for $500,000 for League Island.
The Secretary of the Navy came before the
committee, brought his maps, and brought an
engineer with him, and pointed out to us the
kind of work that he proposed to have done
there.
On full consultation, the Secretary of the
Navy said that he could carry on the branch of
the wo'k lie was now doing at League Island
with $100,000.
Mr. DAWES. What branch of the work?
Mr. HOLMAN. It thus appears that while
our Navy declines, the appropriations for
navy-yards are actually to increase.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] asks what
branch of I he work is being carried on at
League Island. I answer that this appropri-
ation was designed to dredge out the channel
between League island and the main land,
and to deliver the eart.h thus dredged out upon
the island, which I understand is so far below
high water mark that it needs to be built up in
order to lie an island at all stages of the tide.
Mr. DAWES. Is it possible that League
Island is below high-water mark?
Mr. GARFIELD. of Ohio. I will say to the
gentleman that League Island and all the pro-
visions of law with reference to it have come
down to the Committee on Appropriations
from their distinguished predecessors, who
have delivered it over to us with the appro-
priations and laws befitting it in their judg-
ment. We have taken the legacy anil en-
deavored to treat it as well as we can. In
this proposed amendment we give only half
as much motley as the committee, under the
lead of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] gave last year.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to direct the atten-
tion of the House to the"fact that the appro-
priation heie proposed for both navy-yards at
Philadelphia is much less in the aggregate than
the appropriation for the navy-yard at Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire.
Mr. L. MYERS. In addition to that, there
are large appropriations for nearly every other
place in the United States. This is a reduc-
tion from the estimates of the Secretary of the
Navy.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair insists that
gentleman shall speak to some proposition.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. 1 would like to
know what amendment is pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not know
of any.
Mr. COX. I move to amend by adding at
the end of the pending paragraph the follow-
ing:
Provided, Thatno removal of artisans or workmen
shall be made in said navy-yard for political or
party reasons.
This was substantially adopted by the House
on another proposition. I could give a great
many good reasons in its favor, but I want to
be gentle toward the members from Cali-
fornia. [Laughter.]
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows;
Naval station at League Island, Pennsylvania;
for repairs and maintenance of embankments,
$15,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
the paragraph just read by inserting the words
" one hundred and," so as to make the amount
of the appropriation $115,000.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move to amend
the amendment by adding "and for naval
stations at New London, Connecticut" 
The OH AIRMAN. Thatis not an amendment
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. We had a distinct
ruling of the Chair on this point last year. The
Chair will see, by referring to the Congres-
sional Globe, that precisely this amendment
was offered last year to the same proposition,
and the Speaker decided, as the Globe will
show, that it was in order.
Several Members. It was not the same para-
graph.
Mr. RANDALL. The amendment of the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Stark-
weather] belongs to the next paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. Thepresentincumbent
of the Chair is responsible only for his own
rulings. He rules that a proposition for work
at New London, Connecticut, is not germane
to one for work at League Island.
Mr. S TARKWEATUER. Will the Chair
allow me to say a word?
The CHAIRMAN. Certainly.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. When this par-
agraph was reached last year I moved this
amendment. The proposition was then to
appropriate for League Island $250,000. I
moved an amendment appropriating $50,000
for New London. 'The Speaker was then in
the Chair. A point of order was made upon
my amendment in the interest of League Isl-
land ; hut, on consideration, the Speaker ruled
the amendment to be in order, saying that the
subject being appropriations for navy-yards,
it was germane.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not
question the statement of the gentleman ; but
he must see at a glance that the gentleman
from Ohio having moved to increase the ap-
propriation for teague Island by the addition
of §100,000, this proposition is not germane.
The Chair will rule on his proposition when
it is offered separately. It is not germane to
the proposition offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] This is a proposition
to increase the amount allowed by the bill for
League Island, and the question is upon the
adoption thereof.
Mr. GAHFIELD, of Ohio. I modify my
amendment by inserting the words "and for
dredging."
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move to insert
after line eleven hundred and ninety-four, the
following:
For naval station at New London, Connecticut,
building whari, grading ground, building storehouse,
and lor care and protection of stores, $25,000.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 31, noes 50 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will withdraw
that amendment and move another amend-
ment to the next paragraph.
The Clerk read as follows:
ETaval station at New London, Connecticut: .For
work on wharf, and care and protection of public
property, $5,000.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move to in-
crease that appropriation from $5,000 to
$20,000.
Mr. COX. Was not the committee dividing?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman ha«
withdrawn his former amendment.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Mr. Chairman,
the naval station at League Island and the
naval station at New London, Connecticut, so
far as legislation is concerned, and the action
of the Navy Department, stand precisely on
the same ground. Several years ago, as mem-
bers will remember who were then here, a
commission was appointed, consisting of naval
officers, to make examinations as to the proper
site for a naval station. It consisted of
Admiral Stringham, Commodore Gardner,
Commodore Van Brunt and Engineer Sanger.
This commission consisting of these able naval
officers for more than one year pursued that
investigation. They examined New London
and other places, and finally reported in favor
of New London. I am not able, of course,
in five minutes to go over this whole subject.
The Committee on Naval Affairs at that ses-
sion, of which Mr. Rice was chairman, and on
which were Mr. Pike of Maine, Judge Spalding
of Ohio, and Mr. Brandegee of New London,
Connecticut, made a most searching investiga-
tion into the whole question. They examined
Ne,w London and League Island, and other
places; and that committee by a large major-
ity reported in favor of New London. That
report, I have in my hand ; but I have not time
to refer to it at any length. That committee
one, of the ablest ever seen in this House,
reported in favor of New London. In connec-
tion with this report, League Island was offered
to the Government. The station at New Lon-
don, Connecticut, was also offered to the Gov-
ernment. It was provided that if the State of
Connecticut should present to the United States
a tract of land on the Thames river one mile in
extent for naval purposes, then the Congress
of the United States would accept it for naval
purposes. The legislation was complete. That
tract of land one mile in extent on the Thames
river was accepted by the Uni ted States for naval
purposes, just as League Island in the Delaware
river was accepted far naval purposes. The then
Secretary of the Navy, Secretary Welles, said
that the Government was obliged to make appro-
priations to carry on that naval station as New
London after the Government accepted from the
State of Connecticut that land on the Thames
river for that purpose. Secretary Welles said
that the good faith of the Government was
pledged in that regard.
I should like to have the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions. We have had but one appropriation
of $10,000 for the purpose of building a wharf
on a portion of this property. Let me read
what the present Secretary of the Navy says
on that subject:
"The act directing its acceptance provides that the
property shall 'be held by the United States for
naval purposes,' and good inith requires that action
should be taken looking to its occupancy by some
branch of the service. An appropriation will lie
needed for inclosing the land, and for the caie and
preservation of the buildings. Soon after its acccpt-
ance, Commodore X. A. Hunt was directed to take
charge of the property and see that, no depredations
were made upon it; but for want of an appropria-
tion nothing further has been attempted."
As I have said, but a small appropriation
has been made for the purpose of building a
wharf. The entire front of that wharf is
crowded by vessels from other States. Why?
I have the testimony here of Admirals String-
ham and Godon that the Government would
save $50,000 in copper and repair by trans-
ferring the vessels to the naval station at New
London, Connecticut.
The Secretary of the Navy, in his annual
report thisyear, recommended $15,000 for the
work at League Island and $5,000 for the
New London naval station. I went before the
Committee on Appropriations, and the chair-
