206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Mr. CASSERLY alsc asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 416) for the relief of Thomas B. Valen-
tine ; which was read twice b>r its title, referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRA.G1N asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
417) fixing the rank of professors of mathe-
matics in the United States Navy; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit
tee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLLNG-. 1 ask leave to introduce
a bill which 1 have been requested to intro-
duce, and I do so without expressing any
opinion in regard to it.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 418) to authorize
clerks of circuit and district courts of the
Unired States to appoint deputies; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unauimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 419) to prevent cruelry to animals while
in transit by lailroad or other means of trans-
portation within the United States ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee ou lh ; Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWARl asked, and by unauimous
coiivscnt ob'aiued, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. II. No. o) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States;
which was read twice, as follows:
Be it resolced, ti*c.. That the following article be
submittal to tiift Legislatures of the several S'ates,
and when adopted by three fourths of the Suites
shall become a part of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and shall be known as article sixteen of
amendment to the said Constitution:
Article XVI.
Sfc. 1. There shall be maintained in each State
and Territory a system of tree common schools: but
neither the United State*, nor any :>tatet Territory,
county, or municipal corporation, shall aid in the
support of any school wherein the peculiar tenets
of any religious denomination are taught.
Sec. 2. Congress shall have power to enforce this
article by appropriate legislation.
The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to give notice that
I shall to-morrow, or some subsequent day, in-
troduce a joint resolution proposing an amend-
ment to th« Constitution that no person who
has once held the oilice of President shall hold
the same a second time.
WITHDRAW W, OF PAl'iSUS
Mr. OONKLING. I have an order which
I am asked to send to the Chair, accompanied
by a memorandum, that no adverse report has
been made :
O/Jt-reri, That Alpheus Tubes, United States pen-
sion a^er.Hn New York, have leave to withdraw
from the files of the Senate his petition and papers.
tTheVICKPRESIDENT. TheSenator from
New York a>ks that an order be made fox the
withdrawal of fht^-e papeis, stating that no
adverse n-port ha> been made.
Mr. COXKLIN G. I have no personal
knowk-d^i about it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wi.h to make an in-
quiry ot tile Chair, if I aui not intenuptingmy
friend, as to wh<-ther there i-- an order of the
Senate that paper!, withdrawn shall be copied
and copies retained?
Mr. GOXKLIXU. Lf there is not. there
ought to be. There ij such a rule in the
Uou.se (if Representatives.
The CufEF Cl^uk. There is not.
Mr. EDM!"NDS. Then S move to add to
the order that _ the Secretary be directed to
take copies of the papers before they are with
drawn.
Mr. COSKLIXG. I think that is right..
1 beg to say, and I wish the Scmator from Ver-
mont would attend to it, that a memorandum
has been furnished me, which 1 have here^that
the committee was simply discharged, making
no reportin this c-ise. I know nothing about
it myself, but simply send up the order by
request.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Vermont desire that any material
paper or that all the papers be copied ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. All.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If theie is no
objection, that order will be made.
On motion of Mr. HAMILTON, of Mary-
land, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Joseph
Boswell be withdrawn from the tiles of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
On motion of Mr. RICE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Captain
Samuel Houston, praying compensation for a steam-
boat sunk and destroyed during the late rebellion,
be withdrawn from the tiles of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
iiaydsn's geological survey.
Mr. PO.MEROY submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Commit-
tee oil Printing :
Revolved by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) That then; be printed five thou-
sand five hundred copies ot Professor llayden's pre-
liminary report to the Secretary of the Interior of
the United States geological survey for the year
1870; three thousand five hundred copies ot which
shall be for the use of the House of ^Representatives
and fifteen hundred copies for the use of the Sen-
ate, and five hundred copies for distribution by the
Smithsonian Institution.
GEOLOGICAL SUKVBY OF N'rfBUASKA.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing:
Resolvedly the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring.) That there be printed and bound,
with plates and m.tp, one thousand copie- or the
final report of the United States geological survey
of Nebraska: five hundred copies of which shall be
for the use of the Secretary of the Interior, and
live hundred copies for distribution by the Smith-
sonian Institution.
AFFAIRS IN" CUB1.
Mr. SCHURZ submitted the followin^ res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to : j
Whereas the President, in his annual nies?ag<*, '
expresses the hope" that all ponding questions with
Spain growing out of the affairs of Cuba inav be* <
adjusted in thespiritof pe.iceandconcihution which
has hitherto guided the two nations in their treat- i
ment of such questions;" and whereas the President '
announces also,in his annual message, that "our i
naval commanders in Cuban waters have been in- '
structed, in case itshould become necessary, to spare I
no effort to protect the lives and property of bona j
fid* American citizens, and to maintain the dignity ;
ofrhetiag:" * :
B" it revolted, That the President be requ< sled, if '
in his opinion not incompatible with tho public
interest, to communicate to the Senate what que*- j
tions with Spain, growing out of the atiair- of Cuba, ;
and not coming within the jurisdiction of the claims ;
commission, now in session, are at present pending; i
also, the instructions to our naval commanders in >
Cuban waters for the purposes stated in the Presi- '
dent's message: and also, whether any, and what, ;
attacks on the lives and property of Americ.m eiti- :
zens and the dignity of the flag have occurred to :
make it appear that the latter are now in greater .
danger than before such instructions were is=ucd. I
T0UR0 HOSPITAL IN XEAV ORLEANS. I
Mr. KELLOGrG submitted the following I
resolution; which was considered by unani- !
mous consent, and agreed to: j
Revived, That the Secretary of War be directed to |
transmit to the Senate any information that may be '
on tile in his Depai tment, ormthntof thi* Freed-
inen's Bureau, ^howinir whether the building known
as the Touro Hospital, in the city of New Orleans
was occupied by or under the control of the United
 Sta* es Government at the time of its destruction,
: ud alpo any information showing who was respons-
ible for its destruction.
RIVER FRONTAGE AT NEW ORLEVN'S
Mr. KELLOGG I also ofFyr tho following
resolution, and ask for its present consider-
ation :
Revolcd, That the Secretary of the Navy be
directed to transmit to the Senate any informal ion
on file in 1ns Department, or that he may bo able to
obtain, showing what portion, if any. of the wharf
or river frontage at the port of New Orleans is now
claimed or occupied by the Government; and if j'O,
upon what ground and for what purpose the i-awo 13
so claimed or occupied.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know whether
it is quite right—-
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho resolution
is open to objection to its present considera-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it had better lie
over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over.
TKLBfillAPII SYSTEM.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer the following
order for adoption, and I should like to make
a few remarks in explanation of it. I ask the
indulgence of the Senate for a few moments to
allow me to do so.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us hear the resolution
first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will first be
reported.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ordered, That so much of the President'.* message
us relates to the telegraph system of the United
States be referred to the Committee oil Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this resolu-
tion, the Senator from Michigan desiring to
speak upon it this morning? The Chair hears
none, and it is before the Senate
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, in my
opinion the time has armed when the rela-
tions of this telegraphic system as now con-
ducted in the United States to commerce should
receive the careful attention of the Congress
of the United State*. If the telegraphic f_vs-
tem is ail agent of commerce, if ii i.- intimately
related to the commerce of the United States,
then it is clearly within congressional juris-
diction. The Cons'itutiou says that—
" The Congress shall have power to regulate com-
merce with foreign nations, and among the several
States, and with the Indian tribes."
And again it, provides that—
"The Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying;
into execution the foregoing powers."
If the telegraphic system is an agent of com-"
meree. Congress has the same control over it
that it has over the collection and levying of
taxes or duties on imports. I have not the
means of knowing the precise relation of the
telegraphic system to commerce, but I have
been informed that from three fouiths to four
fifths of the whole business of the teh granitic
system is either directly or remotely relative
to commercial matteis. This maybe an over-
estimate; 1 simply give it as tin estimate: but
it ii very largely u-'ed in the interest of com-
merce. It has now become the almost uni-
versal custom to use the telegraphic wires in
sending orders even from the far \Ve~t to the
East. The order is sent to-day. and is an-
swered to-day, and by the very shortest route
the merchandise ieaches its place of destina-
tion.
Mr. President, the whole telegraphic system
of this nation to-day, in tn v judgment, is vicious,
it will be remembered by you. sir, and by gen-
tlemen who were upon the static m active lite
when this system was first stinted, that numer-
ous companies were organized fill over the Uni-
ted States, and the competition was so clo-i\ so
ruinous, that those companies, almost without
a single exception, failed. Finally, in process
of time, the new organization which now exists
stepped into the market and purchased the
shares of all or neatly all these competing lines,
and established what, is now the telegiapbic
system.
But, sir, they did more than that. As they
purchased these lines for a song and consol-
idated them with their system they wittered
their stotk; in othe! vvotds, where th-y pur-
chased a line whteh perhaps originally cost
.^oOO.OOO fot a more irifle, perhaps
they would water their stork to the extent of
the half million or a million, and so they have
