1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8791
man stated to me that 110 other appropriation
could be granted. I stated to the geutleman
that the government of ray State had ap-
pointed a committee to come here, and that
they desired to have a hearing. I was informed
that neither League Island nor New London,
Connecticut, could have any additional appro-
priation above what the Secretary had recom-
mended. But after this bill was made up, ap-
propriating only $15,000 for League Island, the
Secretary of the Navy sends in an estimate of
$500,000 for dredging and filling there. And
after this bill was made up, they come into
this House, and without notice to anybody
recommend an appropriation of $100,000.
All I have now to do is to call upon the
chairman of the committee to say whether
there is any reason for this, so far as the inter-
ests of the public service are concerned, at
League Island, which does not apply with
equal force to New London.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will, with the
consent of the committee, make a statement
■which will clear the Committee on Appropria-
tions from any action that is in the least degree
unfair, and from the charge of doing anything
in the way of a surprise to the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Starkweather.] The gen-
tleman did cull upon me as chairman of the
committee to inquire whether any further ap-
propriation could be had for the naval station
at New London. linforrr.ed him that the com-
mittee had gone over the subject, and had
allowed New London all that was estimated
for, $5,000; but at his request the committee
changed the language of the appropriation so
that the dock or wharf at New London might
be finished. The gentleman then asked if any-
thing further than the $15,000 estimated for
League Island was to be recommended. I
said the committee had no information of any
additional appropriation whatever then, and I
promised the gentleman that if anything new
should occur 1 would inform him. I now ask
to have read the letter which shows what new
thing did happen.
The Clerk read as follows :
Navy Department,
Washington, May 17, i872.
Sir: I have the honor to submit the following
estimate for improvements at League Island, recom-
mended by the chief of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks, and to ask the lavorable action ot Congress
thereon, namely:
For dredging and filling in $2)0,000
For commencing quay wall ii00,UU0
For temporary buildings for workshops,store-
houses, &c  50,000
Total 3500,000
Very respectfully, &c.,
GEO. M. ROBESON.
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. James A. Gakfield, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, fiouie of Representatives.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It will be ob-
served that this communication is dated the
17th of May. On the following day it reached
the committee. The Secretary of the Navy
was sent for and appeared before the commit-
tee. And the very first opportunity I had I
informed thegentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Starkweather] that this new estimate had
cotne in, that the commiitee had heaid the
Secretary of the Navy, and had cut down the
estimate from $500,000 to $100,000. But no
estimate whatever lrom the Secretary of the
Navy or from any other quarter for any addi-
tional appropriation for New London has
come before the Committee on Appropriations.
I will say to the gentleman that so far as I
am personally concerned I have always, since
I knew anything about it, believed in New
London as a naval station; and if my vote
could determine the matter, my action would
sustain the claims of that place. But we have
no estimate for the appropriation sought by
thegentleman, and I must ask the House not
to go beyond the amount that is authorized.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend by making
the amount $10,000.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Starkweather] of course speaks,
and speaks well, as he always does, for this
navy-yard or for this locality. It may be that
he considers, or that others may consider that
as a member from New England on the Com-
mittee on Appropriations 1 should favor the
appropriation of money for New London. I
would be glad to do so if any man in the
House should point out to me now to-day, when
we are trying to economize, and when we be-
lieve that in the future our navy-yards and
naval stations will be cut down, why we should
start out into the broad field of expenditure
for another yard.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I would like to
ask the gentleman one question. He speaks
of economy. I ask him if he did not vote for
an appropriation of $250,000 for League
Island last year, and does not now propose to
appropriate $100,000?
Mr. HALE. I am coming to that. We
have now got eight navy-yards. We have
gone so far in regard to League Island that
the Government has adopted it by a large
expenditure ; but I am not here to argue for it,
and I may say that so far as I have examined
the question I doubt whether, if I had been
here years ago, I would have favored the pro-
posal for a new yard. This, however, can be
said in favor of League Island, that it carries
with it all the time the counter-project of
giving up the Philadelphia navy-yard, and it
is claimed and asserted, and perhaps demon-
strated, that if we build up League Island we
can sell the property of the Government at
the Philadelphia yard for enough to pay_ the
expenses at League Island. Now, there is no
claim of that kind with reference to New
London. It stands out there bald, bleak, and
bare.
There has been agood deal ofcontroversy here
between the two yards that excitod public
comment, and I believe more or less slander.
1 do not know that there was anything wrong
about it or what it was ; but the two stood up
here and fought it out,and while Congress did,
in order to settle the matter for the time and
get rid of the two which had hunted in couples,
declare that both should be accepted, to my
mind it would have been better if Congress
had pursued the old principle that as these two
projects had been lovely in their lives, in death
they should not be divided. But it did not; it
went on and has gone on since and appropriated
for League Island,
Now, all the committee has to settle here
to-day is whether you will start out at New
London in the same direction. I want, for
one, that our navy-yards shall be reduced. We
do not need any more. We have got eight,
and 111 my judgment we do not need more than
three. We have one in Maine, and I expect
sooner or later that will go.
We do 1101 need more than two great navy-
yards on the western coast of the country and
one on the eastern, and now the question is
whether the House will start out by a rela-
tively large appropriation for New London ;
for I warn the committee that when it ia once
made and the leverage is gained there will be
no possibility of stopping it. Give to one of
these new projects twenty or fifty thousand dol-
lars this year and you wili be in the same
position next year that you are in regard to
League Island now: you cannot go back. If
we yield the first inch there is no use in con-
tending after that.
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Chairman, the station
at New London is really only a station, and as
yet there is no navy-yard there. I see no
necessity, none whatever, for the building up
of that yard. The building of vessels now by
the United States could be done easier at the
present navy-yards which we have, and teu
tunes the number could be built that are now
being built. The navy yard at Brooklyn is in
perfect order, and the navy-yard in this city is
in perfect order, and there is no necessity that
we should inaugurate a policy which would
build up a spot which has only been designated
for a navy-yard, but which has now nothing
but the name. I trust that the yards which
we have will be cared for. I think that it is
the proper policy of the Government to care
for them and keep them in good order, and
although we may pursue the policy which the
present Administration seems to be parsuing,
that of giving out the greater part of the work
to private contractors, yet we should have the
yards in perfect order so that we may keep the
contractors within proper bounds. The work
ought to be done in the yards, as they are now
constituted and well constituted to do our work,
and no other yard should be built up, at least
for the present.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Mr. Chairman,
I desire to say 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been ex-
hausted upon the pending amendment and
amendment to the amendment, and no further
amendment is trow in order.
Mr. HALE. I will withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. STARKWEATHER addressed the
committee in remarks which will be published
in the Appendix.
Mr. ARCHER. I move to reduce the amend-
ment to $19,000. It is true that I voted for
the League Island navy-yard appropriation
last year, not so much because it was for the
establishment of a new yard as for the re-
moval of the navy-yard from the city of Phil-
adelphia to League Island.
I am not altogether certain that I was right
when I voted for that, having since become
better informed about it. But I am certain
that I am right in opposing this navy-yard at
New London. It is true (and for that reason
I doubt the propriety of my vote with regard
to League Island) that the running of the
ice in the Delaware river sunk a vessel there
last year which cost the Government nearly
a million dollars. But in view of the present
disposition of this House to prevent the en-
largement of the Navy, there can be no earthly
use in building up a new navy-yard, when
the navy-yards we already have are worked
to only one tenth of their capacity.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the committee rise for the purpose of closing
debate, unless there can be unanimous con-
sent that we shall come to a vote.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I shall object to
closing debate. We have not been heard in
the committee, and we mean to be heard here.
The motion of Mr. Garfield, that the
committee rise, was agreed to ; there being—
ayes eighty-five, noes not counted.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Wheeler reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Onion, pursuant to
the order of the House, had had under con-
sideration the state of the Union generally,
and particularly the bill (H. R. No. 2705)
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise for the
purpose of moving that the House again resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
miscellaneous appropriation bill. As a pre-
liminary to that motion I move that all debate
in Committee of the Whole on the paragraphs
concerning naval stations be restricted to tea
minutes.
Mr. RANDALL. One minute.
Mr. GARFiELD, of Ohio. No, I will say
ten minutes, in order that two gentlemen may
be heard.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. M.v colleague
[Mr. Kellogg] and I have not had an oppor-
tunity to discuss this subject properly. We
want at least five minutes apiece.
A Member, (to Mr. Gaufield. of Ohio.)
Say fifteen minutes.
