1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1999
was twenty-eight cents, with salt free or duty
moderate. From 1862 to 1870 the average was
forty-eight and a third cents, the duty being
eighteen cents per hundred pounds in bulk,
and twenty-four cents per hundred pounds in
sacks—
" The last average comes within three cents of the
Journal of Commerce average."
Here are authorities as high as any in this
country, not taken from the speech of Gen-
eral Brinckeihoff, as the gentleman supposed,
but taken from the New York Journal of Com-
merce and the New York Shipping List, news-
papers that are devoted to these subjects, that
understand them thoroughly, whose reputa-
tion stands or falls with the community on the
accuracy with which they make these reports.
Both of these authorities concur in making
the average as I have stated, showing that
while prior to the year 1861, at a low duty, a
duty of one cent and a half per bushel upon
salt, the manufacturers of salt supplied all the
salt consumed in this country with the excep-
tion of fourteen million bushels, and I sup-
pose they were able to make money at those
rates, and since that time they have enorm-
ously enhanced the price of this important
article, and have levied an enormous tax upon
the people.
I understand very well why the Senator from
New York is so anxious to vote for the bill
for free tea and coffee and to get it out of our
way. He says the House of Representatives
sentusa bill here for that purpose. The House
of Representative? have also sent us a bill here
abolishing the duty on salt, and I know of
nothing more appropriate, since that bill has
come from the House, than to unite them
together and send them back to the House.
There will bo no difficulty in the House assent-
ing to that amendment.
1 believe there is no single article in the
whole list of articles taxed the repeal of the
duty upon which will give such relief to the
people of the country as the article of salt. I
do not think it will inflict any injury on a single
human being in our country.
I do not believe any man will have the
slightest right to find fault with such a decision.
If these men can manufacture salt and send it
to Canada and sell it there, that shows they do
not need protection in order to enable them
to produce salt. If they are able to go down
to the sea-shore and enter into competition
■with the salt imported from abroad and in
bond, that shows that they do not need any
protection from the importation of foreign
• salt. At the same time making salt free would
give an immense impetus to the business of
packing pork and preserving meatin the West,
a business employing an amount of capital at
least ten times greater than that which is em-
ployed in the manufacture of salt, and employ-
ing ten times as many laborers.
Mr. CALDWELL. Let me ask the Senator
from Missouri, if the duty be taken off salt,
will that cheapen salt in Kansas? He referred
to Kansas awhile ago.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 do not think it will put it
down cheaper than the Onondaga company
could afford to put it at there and sell it in
order to break up the Senator's enterprising
countrymen who are attempting to establish
that business in that State.
Mr. CALDWELL. We have salt in Kansas,
but we are not able to compete with the Onon-
daga company. We do not want to take the
duty off foreign salt, and thus'be compelled to
compete witli foreign companies. I shall
therefore vote to retain the duty on salt.
Mr. BLAIR. In reply to the Senator from
Kansas I simply recall to his recollection this
statement of his colleague, who is my authority
for what I have said.
Mr. CALDWELL. That is what I refer to.
The Senator referred to my colleague hi his
remarks. I wanted to state that my colleague
was justified in his remarks, because we have
salt in Kansas, and we want to develop our salt
interests, and we are unable to do so because
of home competition, and we shall certainly be
less able to do so when we have foreign com-
petition. That is the point I make ; and there-
fore it is a good reason why I, as a Kansas
Senator, should vote to retain the duty on salt.
Mr. BLAIR. The authority upon which I
made the statement was that of the senior
Senator from Kansas, who said these monopo-
lies came into his State and sold salt .there for
a less price than it could be produced here,
and prevented them from establishing salt-
works. He did not say how low they pat the
price of salt. If they put it below the price
of production in Kansas, I am satisfied they
put it much lower than salt could be imported
and sold for there; for I am persuaded that
even in competition with foreign salt these
salt monopolists can make salt and sell it in
this country, because they have done it hereto-
fore, because they were doing it at the time
the war broke out, because they now carry
their salt into Canada and sell it cheaper than
the foreign article can be imported and
brought in competition with -it, because they
now go down to Boston and sell it cheaper
than foreign salt in bond. Therefore, they
could go to Kansas and sell their salt cheaper
when they had the object of breaking down
the effort of the Senator's constituents to
establish salt-works in Kansas.
I do not believe that they need this protec-
tion. They have proved that they do not. need
it. They have shown that they do not deserve
it by going into the State of Kansas and at-
tempting to extinguish a young enterprise of
this description by underselling them and sell-
ing lower than the article could be produced
there. That act alone is one which makes
them undeserving not only of the support of
the Senator from Kansas, but undeserving of
the support of anybody. The fact' that com-
panies built up and protected for a series of
years by being granted a monopoly at the
hands of the Government should be guilty of
going into a State where there was an attempt
to produce the same article and putting down
the price below the cost of reduction, destroy-
ing this enterprise, shows that they do not
deserve the support of the Senator from Kan-
sas or any one else.
Mr. CALDWELL. With the permission of
the Senator from Missouri, I will ask him if
the foreign companies do not also come into
the State of Kansas and compete with the pro-
duction of Kansas salt?
Mr. BLAIR. I have already stated that if.
these companies, by reason of the protection
which has been given them by the Govern-
ment, could drive out the foreign importations
from Canada they are stronger than the im-
porters of salt.
Mr. CALI) WELL. My reply to that is that
we cannot compete with home companies in
this country producing salt, and we do not
want in addition to that to enter into compe-
tition with foreign companies. Therefore,
inasmuch as we have got salt interests in Kan-
sas to be developed, until we do developthem
we do not want any more competition.
Mr. BLAIR. If the salt interests in Kan-
sas were the only interests there, if everybody
else was proper prey for anybody that chose
to set up a manufactory of salt, then there
might be something in the argument of the
Senator. If the moment a man undertakes to
manufacture salt, everybody else in the coun-
try ought to be made his lawful prey, and pay
any extortion that he chooses to impose, then
there is somethingin the argument of the Sen-
ator; but I contend that there are larger inter-
ests m Kansas than that invested in salt.
Mr. CALDWELL. Let me ask the Sen-
ator this question: if there was no salt at all
produced in this country, does he think the
people of the United States would get salt any
cheaper than they do now? If the foreign
companies had the monopoly of this market,
does he suppose we should get salt cheaper?
Mr. BLAIR. I do not know that any for-
eign companies could act any worse than the
friends of this company have represented them
as acting.
Mr. CALDWELL. That is not the ques-
tion I asked.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator can propose
questions, but I can answer them as I please.
Mr. CALDWELL. If the Senator declines
to answer, I have nothing to say. The point
I want to make is this : if the foreign com-
panies had a monopoly of the sale of salt in
this country, I want to know whether we
should be furnished salt any cheaper than if
they came in competition with home compa-
nies? And that holds good of iron and of
everything produced in this country. The
only question is whether we will have our own
companies to compete with foreign companies,
or surrender the business of this country to
the monopolies of foreign countries.
Mr. BLAIR. I will answer tho Senator by
reading him the prices we paid in this country
under what has been called a free-trade system
in respect to salt and what we have paid since ;
and that is the answer 1 wish to give him as to
iron and everything else. Under the free-trade
system we paid eighteen and a half and nine-
teen cents, and now we pay forty-five and
fifty cents. Does that answer the Senator's
question ?
Mr. CALDWELL. No, sir, it does not. I
asked the Senator whether, in his opinion, if
the sale of salt was thrown entirely into the
hands of foreign companies, we should get it
any cheaper than if we had home companies
competing in the production of salt. That is
the question I want to ask. I do not know
what is in that pamphlet from which the Sen-
ator is quoting; 1 have not seen it but it
strikes me if we have companies in this coun-
try producing salt and coming in competition
with foreign companies, we shall getit cheaper
than if foreign companies had the entire
monopoly of our market.
Mr. BLAIR. No matter how it strikes the
Senator, that is not the fact.
Mr. CALDWELL. I believe it is.
Mr. BLAIR. The fact is entirely different
from the way it strikes the Senator.
Mr. CALDWELL. That is a difference of
opinion.
Mr. BLAIR. It is not.
Mr. CALDWELL. I say it is, between the
Senator from Missouri and myself. I believe
that if we surrender the markets of this coun-
try entirely to foreign countries we shall pay
higher for salt and everything else.
Mr. BLAIR. Now, sir, as the Senator has
helped himself so amply to my time  
ilr. Cx\.LDWELL. I beg the Senator's-
pardon. I do not often interrupt him, and
will not do it any more.
Mr. BLAIR. I do not object to it. On'the
contrary 1 am very glad of it, because the Sen-
ator, although 1 have not convinced him, has
drawn attention to a fact which will answer
his question to everybody who can be reached
by reason on this subject; and that fact is,
that before the imposition of this tariff on salt
the people of this country baught salt at eigh-
teen and nineteen cents a bushel, and since that
time they have paid forty to forty-five and fifty
cents a bushel for it. That answers him, and
that shows that the high tariff did raise the
price ; that while we had a low tariff we had
a low price, and now that we have a high tariff
we have the highest kind of price, an exor-
bitant price. ,
Mr. CONKLING. Therefore, if I under-
stand him, the Senator proves, or thinks he
does, that- the tariff has produced the differ-
ence in price? Is not that the argument t
Mr. BLAIR. I not only think that is ac
argument, but I think it is a demonstration.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, will the honor
able Senator, who thinks it is a demonstration,
be good enough to tell us how the present price
of beef, and of nearly all the prime necessities
