r 1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2895
ine when the commissioners make their report.
The gentleman who first introduced this prop-
osition I am sure is entirely satisfied with the
present form ot' it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Allow me to say that my
object in calling attention to it was to enable
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] to
say what lie has said, and to relieve any soli-
citude that might be feit by the business com-
munity that use this track so largely.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Idesirenow 
Mr. IIANDALL. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me for a moment. It was on
my motion last Friday that this report was
postponed until to day.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How much
time does the gentleman want?
Mr. RANDALL. I never occupy a great
deal of time; but the gentleman seems to
have studiously avoided hearing my request
for a little time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. My dear sir, take
all the time you want, but do not be too long.
Mr. RANDALL. I have repeatedly asked
the gentleman to yield to me, and he did not
appear to notice it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield the
floor to the gentleman entirely.
Mr. RANDALL. What are the provisions
of this thirty-fourth amendment? I am en-
tirely unwilling that the statements of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Nibi.ack,] who
was a member of the committee of confer-
ence, shall go without any reply. He tells
us distinctly that personally he disapproved
of this provision, but found himself so much
embarrassed in the conference that he had
to yield his personal opinion in order to
secure a report. What does this amendment
propose? It proposes the creation of three
new officers, and that, too, at a time when the
honorable gentleman who was just now occu-
pying the Speaker's chair [Mr. Dawes] has
introduced here, with the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury, as I understand, a
bill to reduce the number of revenue officers
by fifteen hundred or two thousand. In view
of this fact, this proposition is to my mind
very objectionable. Admit all the good that
has been suggested, and still, in view of the
fact that this same proposition has been over
and over again before us for two years past,
and we have heard these same stories about
these mythical amounts of money that can be
secured by these spies and detectives, still I sub-
mit that the Department which proposes now
so immense a reduction in their number of
officers must certainly have a sufficient force
at present to perform all the duties contem-
plated by this amendment. This is one objec-
tion.
But there are still stronger objections to this
scheme of pouncing down upon merchants
and corporations by designing men whose
interest it is to plunder them and to black-
mail them. You will observe that it is adroitly
made to appear that the Government shall
expend no money in the way of salary. But
there is a further provision which makes it
desirable for one of these men to squeeze out
of any man whom he may be able to frighten,
just as you saw it in the early part of the
collection of the revenue, as large a sum of
money as possible. There were not a few
such cases ; there were cases in my own cit.y
where the officers had that right as is provided
in this proposition. What was the result?
Why, sir, in very many instances, these offi-
cers went to merchants and demanded their
books, and then, upon some flimsy pretext,
declared that the merchants had violated the
law and they were going to proceed to arrest
them. I know of one instance in which a
merchant, who was subsequently shown to
be an upright man, who it was subsequently
shown had never either intentionally or unin-
tentiaily committed auy wrong against the
revenue laws, in order to avoid the exposure
and arrest at that time of these black-mailers,
absolutely paid $1,000. That money was paid ;
but the merchant subsequently caused the arrest
of those two revenue officers, and they not only
gave the money back, but were tried for what
they had done; and it was only by a sort of
subterfuge that they were acquitted in the
United States court at Philadelphia.
Now, this provision may have reference to
a higher class of plunderers ; but the opera-
tion of such legislation must be the same; and
at a time when we are proposing to simplify
the collection of the revenue, to raise revenue
from a reduced number of articles and to col-
lect it solely by stamps, there can be no pos-
sible necessity for any such provision as this.
I hope the House will have the good sense to
vote down the proposition, as it has repeatedly
heretofore voted down almost unanimously
propositions of the same kind.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Speaker, I wish to add
two or three words, which perhaps I ought to
have said before taking my seat a few moments
ago. This bill is, to use a common phrase,
one of the cleanest that we have had for years
under this title. Everybody understands that
when the two Houses disagree upon a measure
of this bind, and there are numerous amend-
ments, there must be mutual concessions.
I repeat most distinctly that I am opposed
to the proposition now under discussion, as I
have been whenever it has been presented.
Still, I was overruled, as were the other con-
ferees on the part of the House, by the repre-
sentations made to us on the part of the Sen-
ate. The question now presented to the House
assumes this form: shall we reject this report
and hazard another committee of conference
on account of this single objectionable propo-
sition, when it is provided that no compensa-
tion shall be allowed to these officers unless
they recover money for the Government? In
other words, they are to get fo]*tkeir services
a portion of the mouey they recover. Under
these circumstances, I for one have felt con-
strained to yield my personal opposition to
this single provision and to sign the report. I
would regret to see the bill lost on this ac-
count, though I do not wish to be considered
as at all responsible for the provision now
under discussion.
Mr. RANDALL. There is no danger of
losing the bill.
Mr. ARCHER. Is not the Secretary of the
Treasury himself opposed to this provision?
Mr. NIBLACK. I am not authorized to
say that the Secretary of the Treasury is op-
posed to it; but he has been represented to
us as opposed to it.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to ask a parlia-
mentary question : whether it would not be
competent for the House to recommit this
report with instructions to strike out this sec-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. A conference under such
instructions would not be a free conference;
but the House, of course, can have a limited
conference if it so desires.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the Speaker guide
me in making a motion which will accomplish
my object ?
The SPEAKER. The motion which the
gentleman haj stated would be a competent
motion.
Mr. RANDALL. The bill is not in the
slightest danger by our rejection of that
amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire, before
calling the previous question, to say a word
upon two points which have been referred to
in this discussion. First, as to salaries; the
Senate sent over to us amendments increasing
seventy-nine salaries, the increase amounting
in the aggregate to $116,000. The conference
committee brings you back a report proposing
an increase of only eight salaries, and two ot
these are salaries in which the House, in other
votes on this and other bills, has already indi-
cated its purpose to increase. So that besides
these two salaries we concede an increase of
but six salaries, instead of the seventy-nine
proposed by the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN, Is not the gentleman mis-
taken as to the action of the House ? Was
not our action confined to one office, that of
Second Comptroller?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In this bill
there was in another form an increase of the
salary of the Register.
Mr. HOLMAN. Simply for a single year.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. No; the gen-
tleman is mistaken. On motion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] an in-
crease was granted to the Register in the form
of fees for signing bonds.
Mr. HOLMAN. But that was only a tem-
porary increase—not permanent.
Mr GARFIELD, of Ohio. Now, I say to
the House that we bring back to it a bill with
the increase of salaries struck out in seventy-
one out of those seventy-nine cases in which
the Senate proposed an increase.
Mr. MAYNARD. The Senate struck out
our provision for a percentage, and included
the Register in this increase.
Mr. GARFlELD, of Ohio. Certainly; so
that now the fivejudges of the Court of Claims,
the Second Comptroller of the Treasury, the
Register of the Treasury, Mr. Allison, and the
supervising architect are the only -officers
whose salaries are raised by the bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I turn for a moment to
the other point. No member of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations was more opposed or is
more opposed to the idea of moieties than I.
I was opposed to putting on the clause to which
the several gentlemen have referred. We
found the Senate making this statement. The
Senate conferees told us they had reason to
believe single corporations had covered up
under the form of stock accounts and other
bonds $500,000 which ought to have been paid
into the Treasury as an income tax. And they
had reason to believe this provision would
enable the Secretary of the Treasury to secure
the repayment of that sum. The Senate
conferees were a unit on this subject, and not-
withstanding all the representations we made,
they would not give way. 1 do not believe a
better result can be had if we vote a dozen
conferences. I have no personal pride in this
conference report; but 1 say at this stage of
the session, when this report has cost five ses-
sions of the conieieuce committee to produce
the result, I should be sorry to see it defeated
in this single point. I demand the previous
question on the adoption of the report.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the gentleman to
let me move to amend.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the previous ques-
tion will be voted down. I desire to ask a
parliamentary question, whether we have not
the right to have another conference to take
out that porlion of this report?
The SPEAKER. If the House so order it.
Mr. SARGENT. Isit nota free conference?
The SPEAKER. It is; at the same time
it is better to recommit a bill, because the con-
ference committee will know precisely on what
point the House voted to recommit.
Mr. SAKGENf. Is not that course quite
unusual ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BANKS. 1 desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether the amendment in refer-
ence to removing the railway track near the
Capitol gate provides for the removal of the
track or defers the matter entirely?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, it provides for
the removal of the track and for the sending
in of plans for any other proposed location,
which is to be subject to the approval of Con-
gress.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order to move to
recommit the bill if the previous question be
not seconded ?
Mr. GARBTELD, of Ohio. I demand the
previous question.
