208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19
lion, they reported in favor of returning to the
old system which existed previous to the estab-
lishment of the present system by Mr. Grin-
ned, and the Secretary wrote a letter to the
collector of New York recommending that he
should go back to the old system. After that
a letter was sent by more than one hundred
merchants of New York to the collector, ask-
ing him to accept the advice of the Secretary
and to return to the old system. I have here
the names of those hundred merchants, repre-
senting the principal firms of importers in
New York, among which we find the names
of Phelps, Dodge & Co. ; Paton & Co. : S. B.
Chittenden & Co. ; Arnold, Constable & Co.:
W, & J. Sloane ; B. L. Salomon & Sons; Lord
& Taylor; Henry G. Schmidt & Co. ; Benkard
& Hutton ; II. B. Ciafim & Co. ; Despres,
Hartley & Co.; Duncan. Sherman & Co.; and
so on, a hundred of ihe principal firms in New
York, asking that there might be a return to
the old system.
Mr. HARLAN. If it be no interruption, I
should like to have the Senator describe what
the old system was.
Mr. PATTEHSON, There were warehouses
on the docks ar. Jersey City and at Hoboken,
where the Bremen line lands, into which goods
under general order were put.
Mr. HARLAN. Whose warehouses were
those ?
Mr. PATTEUSON. They were leased by
the shippmz companies.
Mr. HARLAN. They were not Govern-
mea'. warehouses?
Mr. PATTERSON. No.
Mr. HARLAN. Under whose supervision
were they ?
Mr. PATTERSON. They were under the
supervision of Government officials. There
were Government officials put into those ware-
houses to gaard and watch over them.
Subsequently, on a resolution introduced by
Ihe Senator from New York, [Mr. Fextox,]
this whole subject was referred to the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment. They went to New
York and gave it a thorough, honest, impar-
tial examination. They reached the same con-
clusion which had been reached by the three
gentlemen appointed by the Secretary of the
Treasury to investigate it previously.
But, sir, I am very glad, that the Senator
from New York has introduced this resolution,
inasmuch as it has been stated in the Senate
that the finding of the committee was not cor-
rect, and that there were no abuses of this
j;enera!-ctder system. I want that the present
Committee on Retrenchment should revise,
go over rhe vi-ork formerly gone over by
the old Committee on Retrenchment; and all
the more because 1 find m a New York paper
some very serious reflections upon the acUon
oi that committee while making those investi-
gations. I will read 
Mr. SUMNER. W hat paper is it ?
^ Mr. PATTERSON. It 13 the Now York
Times of yesterday. Speaking of the old com-
mittee it says:
"It went to the custom-house and conducted a
hole-and-corner iioiuiry, nimn which ir founded a
garbled mid di-honest rei.tin, suppieasing some part
of the evidence nr.,! altering other parti, and man-
ipulating ivitnecse- iu a w.-y which viouid have dis-
graced a torch- )".vy('f'-.i of which we will prove
to the satisfaction of every reasoriaale man, another
day."
Now, sir, I pronounce that malignantly false
from beginning to end, and the statement is
made, in my judgment, to throw smut upon
the committee in order to lessen the force of
their report, and for no other earthly reason.
There was no manipulating of witnesses what-
ever. There was no garbling, no altering of
the testimony taken. The action of the com-
mittee was impartial and its report honest
and straightforward from beginning to end.
There was nothing left out of the testimony
except simply where there was a surplusage
and repetition. Some changes were made to
make the testimony as far aa possible gram-
matical, and that was all. Nothing of substance
was left out; and the committee have nothing
to condemn themselves for unless it be for one
solitary thing, and that was this: after the
taking of the testimony was completed at New
York and the committee returned to Washing-
ton, the collector, Mr. Murphy, came here and
asked permission to go over the testimony,
although iie had been permitted before to see
the testimony prior to his own examination. He
asked permission to review and revise his test-
imony. The request was granted. He brought
a gentleman with him from New "iork; the
testimony was put into his hands ; he went
over it all, made such changes as he desired
to make in the character of his own testimony,
correcting and revising his first statements.
That I have thought, possibly, was a liberty
which the committee ought not to have granted:
but so great was our desire to be entirely fair
to all parties that we thought it best, to give
him that liberty.
I find some other things in this paper, not
immediately connected with that investigation,
which perhaps I may as well speak of, as I am
up. It says:
"This 'Retrenchment Committee' furthermore
made a most agreeable journey to Caliiornia and
other places at the public expense.''
Well, sir, we " made a most agreeable jour-
ney to California," but not at the public ex-
pense.
"It took the best rooms in the best hotels, and
drank the best wines, and drove the be.-t horses, and
had a ' good time' generally; and made the people
pay the pipor."
Our rooms were very good rooms, unques-
tionably. Whether any of the committee drank
wine and drove fast horses, I do not know. I
know this very well, that nobody ever paid for
a glass of wine or for the use of any hor^e for
me when I was in California. The Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Thurmax] and the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Schurz,] who were with
me on that occasion and were membet-3 of the
committee, they can answer for themselves how
much wine they drank and how many horses
they employed at the public expense. I am
not aware that they drank any wine or used
any horse at the public expense whatever. I
will say further 
Mr. THDRMAN. If the Senator wants my
testimony on that subject, I have ori'v this to
say: that the people of California were so hos-
pitable that they did not allow us to pay for
anything we drank or for any rides we took.
[Laughter.]
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say further, sir,
that the Government was not charged one del
lar for our fare going or coming, or for a'iy
expenses of the committee, except during the
days on which we were making our investi-
gations in San Francisco, and then tlie only
charges made were for oar persona!, uiuinary
expenses while we were engaged in making
those investigations. Why. sir, my tiip cost
me ovt-r twelve htindred dollars, and all I
charged to the Government was $2-50. Was
not that something fearful?
I will say furthermore, in relation to this
committee, that it was in existence for over
five years, and all it ever expended of public
money was $28,533 91, while the Committee
on Outrages in the Southern States have spent
since January 31, 1871, $12,002 39, and I
presume they have been economical in their
expenses.
Mr. BAYARD. Some of the members are
not paid yet.
Mr. PATTERSON. All we expended for
the whole five years was $28,533 91. What
an extravagant committee ! I have no more
to say about it, sir. I hope the resolution will
pass.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire having alluded to the expenses of the
Committee to Investigate Southern Outrages,
I desire in justice to it to state that we have
examined very nearly sii- hundred witnesses,
and the large item of expense is for witnesses.
Mr. THURMAN. I was not paying atten-
tion when the Senator from New Hampshire
commenced his remarks. 1 do not knn-.v wh-tt
gave rise to this allusion to the Kelrenehiiient
Committee's expenses in Calilouna.
Mr. PATTERSON. An artiel" in the New
York Times of yesterday, which referred to our
extravagance while conducting investigations
in California.
Mr. THURMAN. Why, sir, the truth of it
is—I can speak by my own experiencs and
what is true of me is true of the rest—that that
committee did not charge one lourth. I did
not charge one eighth of my expanses. We
charged nothing at all but the moi-t ordinary
and necessary expenses for the da\s we were
actually engaged in service, deducting each
day that we were not so engaged, even it it
was to take a ride of pleasure down that beau-
tiful valley through which we went to San
Mateo. And I do not believe there was a
member of that committee who did not come
here from that trip from five hundred to a
thousand dollars out ot pocket.
Mr. MORK1LL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I desire to b-ar testimony, as 1 was in
California at the time as a looker-on andbear-
ing mv own expenses, that I know that the
committee were at work very assiduously ui on
the business with which they were charged,
and that instead of spending their lime as did
those of us who had 110 such business they
were confined for day after day at the custom-
house in investigations.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, I propose
an amendment to the pending resolution. Inas-
much as the matter is up, I think we might, us
well make the inquiry a little more sww'j.n.g.
The VICE PRESlliENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Missouri will be retrirted.
Mr.- SCHURZ. I merely want to designate
the place where it is to come in. It is to come
in at the end of the resolution, just before the
words ,:and said committee is hereby empow-
ered to send for persons and papers.::
The Chief Clerk read the words proposed
to be inserted, as follows :
And also whether any charges for storage or cart-
ing have been or are made by officers oi the eu.-toiu-
hnu-e or pefsons actins under the regulation? ot the
eustuw-house, which charges are not authorue-t by-
law ; and also whether presents have been accepted
by ofiieers of the custom-house front other ohicers
subordinate to them, or acting under their eonrio!;
and whether officers making such present.- inn r b^eu
selected with preference to attend the di-Lhi.r^-n:^
of steamships ; and also whether there have '.ecu or
are oliicers oi tho custom-hou-e C'>m.i\ri* n-aud
or irregular practices in pa::.-ir.it tli,- trav-
elers arriving in the port of New Y >•'< : <ni i aKo
whether articles of merchandise while under tl<e
control of officers of the eu-stom-hou-e have been
fthatraetcd, and whether or n-u .-a'u eit: ie: h^ve,
on implication of the owner-, ir >>-vei d rv-,..,
returned; and whether any ulh.-e;-.- ot the etwnui-
hou?e have been punished for abstract!!.-' .iric;--s
of merchandise under their e'ouri i ; .ml -a-" to
what extent the practice of coins loan-ia: \\:;h mer-
chants defrauding or attempting to uetr. ad t -ie r-v-
enue ha^ prevailed; and wh-'ther, <o:d t-,  vh-t
extent, by such compromise^ the ani"uar of reve-
nue due to the United State.-, in -ii"h h -- Swell
diminished; and whether any, and what, pecuniary
benelit hits been derived thoroirom by the oliieeis
making such compromises.
Mr. TIPTON. I move to amen I the amend-
ment by adding thereto the following;
Also, whether the patronage, office, <>r employes
of s.ai'1 eust'im-hou^e werou->t-d to intlu-'n-o or con-
trol either ur both of tho two la^t S'aix >■ ioua
ot the Iiepublican party in Xew Ydtk; .m-l whether
ot money have boon mildew eon'ribu-
rions of money exacted to bo used to control prima-
ries, secure delegates to State cuiivoutiuni, or lor
other political purposes.
The VIC53 PRESIDENT. The question is
first 011 the amendment, to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Nebraska.
Mr. CONK1JNG. Mr. President, nobody,
of course, mistakes the purpose of the latter
amendment offered; and although 1 .should
have been glad to address an inquiry to the
single matter which 1 deem a very s.-rmus one,
and at winch i aimed mv resolution, leaving
these independent propositions to stand upon
their own tooting and be treated separately
by the Senate, I shall vote for both of these
