8792
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have said ten
minutes. I will agree to occupy none of the
time myself, so that each of the gentlemen
from Connecticut may have five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
message prom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 931) authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Arkansas river
at Little Rock, Arkansas ;
An act (S. No. 1149) granting a pension to
Catharine Crowell;
An act (S. No. 1150) granting a pension to
Abigail Ryan, widow of Thomas A. Ryan ; and
An act (S. No. 1086) to change the location
of the Railroad National Bank of Lowell,
Massachusetts, to the city of Boston, Massa-
chusetts.
The message also announced that the Senate
had agreed to the amendment of the House to
the bill (S. No. 617) in relation to the Dakota
Southern Railroad Company.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed without amendment bills of the
following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 2428) granting a pension
to Samuel Shaffer, a private in company
I, seventy-eighth regiment of Pennsylvania
infantry volunteers; and
An act (H. R. No. 2433) granting a pension
to Priscilla Harrison.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed a bill of the following title with
an amendment; in which the concurrence of
the House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. 2413) granting a pension
to George W. Parris.
The message also announced that the Senate
had insisted on its amendments, disagreed to
by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 1914) to
authorize the Secretary of War to negotiate
with the chiefs and head-men of the Shoshone
and Bannock tribes of Indians for the relin-
quishment of a portion of their reservation in
Wyoming Territory, had agreed to the con-
ference asked by the House on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, and had appointed as
conferees on the part of the Senate, Mr. Wil-
son, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Edmonds.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had disagreed to the amendments of the
House to the bill _(S. No. 473) to further the
administration of justice, asked a confer-
ence with the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses, and had appointed as con-
ferees on the part of the Senate, Mr. Carpen-
ter, Mr. Conkling, and Mr. Thorman.
railroad national dank of lowjsll.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to call
up from the Speaker's table a bill (S. No.
1086) to change the location-of the Railroad
National Bank of Lowell, Massachusetts, to
the city of Boston, Massachusetts, and to put
it on its passage.
Mr. RANDALL. What is it?
Mr. COX. It is a bill that has just come
over from the Senate, and it simply changes
the location of the Railroad National Bank of
Lowell, Massachusetts, to the city of Boston,
Massachusetts.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The first section of the bill, which was read,
Erovides that the Railroad National Bank of
owell, now located at Lowell, in the county
of Middlesex and State of Massachusetts, is
hereby authorized to change its location to
Boston, in the county of Suffolk and State
aforesaid. Whenever the stockholders, rep-
resenting three fourths of the capital of said
bank, at a meeting called for that purpose,
determine to make such change, the president
and cashier shall execute a certificate, under
the corporate seal of the bank, specifying such
determination, and shall cause the same to be
recorded in the office of the Comptroller of
the Currency, and thereupon such change of
location shall be effected, and the operations
of discount and deposit of said bank shall be
carried on under the name of the Railroad
National Bank of Boston, in the city of Bos-
ton, county of Suffolk, and State of Massa-
chusetts.
The second section provides that nothing in
this act contained shall be so construed as in
any manner to release the said bank from any
liability or affect any action or proceeding in
law in which the said bank may be a party or
interested. And when such change shall have
been determined upon as aforesaid, notice
thereof and of such change shall be published
at least in one weekly newspaper in each of
the counties of Middlesex and Suffolk, in the
State of Massachusetts, for not less than four
successive weeks.
The third section provides that this act shall
take effect and be in force from and after its
passage.
Mr. COX demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to a
third reading; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
administration of justice.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, of Massachu-
setts, by unanimous consent, the request of
the Senate for a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on a bill (S. No.
473) to further the administration of justice
was taken from the Speaker's table, and
agreed to.
lands sold for direct taxes.
Mr. KERR. I desire to call up the motion
to reconsider the vote by which Senate bill
No. 780, to provide for the redemption and
sale of lands held by the United States under
the several acts levying direct taxes, was re-
committed to the Committee of Ways and
Means. I desire to put the bill on its pas-
sage.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot yield
for that purpose. Let me go on with the appro-
priation bill, and we will soon get through.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Ohio takes precedence.
The motion was agreed to.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The House then resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2705)
making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. All debate on the pend-
ing amendment has been limited to ten min-
utes.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I ask leave to
print with my remarks all the reports I have
referred to.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly. [See Appendix.]
_Mr. STRONG. New London is in the dis-
trict of my colleague, [Mr. Starkweather,]
and his constituents are more immediately
interested than mine in the question before
us. But, sir, the people of our entire State
are deeply in earnest in asking Congress for a
liberal appropriation to commence this navy-
yard._ The Connecticut Legislature of 1871
appointed a commission, consisting of Gov-
ernor Jewell, ex-Governor English, and Hon.
Augustus Brandegee, to press this matter upon
the attention of the Navy Department and to
prosecute it before Congress. I allude to this
simply for the purpose of showing the feeling
of Connecticut upon this subject, and of the
importance there attached to it.
I do not propose to go into the discussion
of the relative merits of League Island and
New London. They have been discussed over
and over again by members in this Chamber,
as well as by nearly every newspaper in the
country. The superiority of New London for
a navy yard I think will be very generally
admitted. You know her harbor is one of the
very best on the Atlantic coast, and that she
presents nearly all the natural advantages
which are desirable for a first-class naval
station.
There is no comparison between the fitness
and desirability of the two places, New Lon-
don and League Island, as sites for a navy-
yard. That matter has been fully inquired
into over and over again, and there have been
reports upon it by committees of this House
and by commissions appointed to investigate
the subject; and never, sir, has a committee
or a commission which has investigated it
hesitated for a moment to recommend New
London in preference to League Island.
But what could examinations- and reports
avail here where votes decide everything?
League Island has the great State of Pennsyl-
vania behind her, and New London can only
count upon the active support of little Con-
necticut. Yet, sir, the merits of our case were
so strong that after some years of contest Con-
gress decided to establish navy-yards at both
places, and the Government in 1868 accepted
conveyances of real estate in New London and
on League Island, which it was agreed should be
used for the purpose for which it was donated.
How has that agreement been performed?
Perhaps League Island has no reason to com-
plain. The work there is being prosecuted
with a reasonable degree of vigor. She re-
ceived from last Congress an appropriation of
$250,000, and we have just voted her another
of $100,000. But how with New London?
She has received the magnificent sum of
$10,000, and it is now proposed to give her
$5,000 more. And now, when my colleague
[Mr. Starkweather] asks to increase the
amount to $20,000, the Committee on Appro-
priations rise up as one man to oppose his
extravagant request. How happens it that
League Island is thus kindly treated while
New London is turned almost empty away?
Can it be because Pennsylvania is represented
on the Committee on Appropriations by a gen-
tleman who looks out for her interests? You
will note that in this as in other bills the para-
graph giving League Island its appropriation
must be acted upon before New London can
be considered. Of course on all occasions
League Island must be first taken care of, and
then New London may have a few dollars if
she loudly insists upon her rights. I do not
complain of the influence of the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania in his commit-
tee. It is quite natural that he should have
its sympathy. Other members of the com-
mittee doubtless have matters to look after in
their own sections of country which require
his sympathy in return. But, sir, I am sur-
prised that the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Hale] deems it his duty to oppose this small
appropriation for New London. Can it be
that he is influenced at all by the little navy-
yard on the borders of Maine, which we some-
times call Kittery? I think not; for I under-
stand him to-day to say that he supposes
Kittery will at no distant day be abolished.
I quite agree with him that it would be
sound policy to abolish several of our navy-
yards, abandon Kittery, Cliarlestown, and
Brooklyn, and make New London a substitute
for them all, and Government gain vastly by
the change. Go further, and give up League
Island, with the hundreds of thousands already
sunk there, and we should save a vast sum
still required to make land upon which to
construct a navy-yard. It will doubtless take
$1,000,000 now to fill up the spot selected so
