1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that high water will not overflow it. What
nonsense to sink money in this way ! And yet
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Archer]
and the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale]
say that having commenced the work at League
Island.it must be carried on. I tell them that
instead of throwing away hundreds of thou-
sands and possibly millions of dollars more in
addition to what has been already sunk at
League Island, it would be better for them
and for the country to make a reasonable
appropriation to New London and abandon
League Island altogether.
Mr. Chairman, our State gave in 1808 a
large and valuable property to the Govern-
ment for a navy yard, and Government ac-
cepted it for that purpose. Well might the
Secretary of the Navy say that the honor and
the faith of the Government are pledged to
the prosecution of the enterprise contem-
plated. That behigtho ease, 1 ask, shall .we
not now have the small sum of $20,000 with
which to conimence the work ? League
Island can have her $100,000. We promise
to do more with $20,000 than she can with
five times that amount. said nothing
against giving League Island the $100,000.
It would have been useless for us to-have said
anything against it. Pennsylvania nvitll her
twenty four members can outvote Connecti-
cut. She can command an appropriation; we
can only petition for it. It seems to me this
House will not refuse to grant our reasonable
request.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield the rest
of the time which remains for debate except
one half minute to the gentleman from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Kellogg.]
Mr. KELLOGG. I thank the gentleman
for his courtesy in yielding his time,' and I
will be sure to give him the last half minute
allowed for debate,, if. he desires.
1 am sure this committee does not need any
further argument to show that they should
grant this small pittance of §20,000 for the
purpose of having a naval station kept up at
New London. We have gat everything ready
there for a naval station, and your ships have
been sent there during the last winter:-and all
that we ask is that you will give $20,000 for
building wharves tlierse at which to moor your
vessels, and making such improvements as are
necessary.
This generation will have passed away, and
another generation, if not a third one, will
have come, before you will get.your clianuel
dredged out at League Island, and the island
fitted up and made solid, and your wharves
built so that you can moor a vessel there to
lie in safety. But I have no antagonism with
League Island; that is made a naval station;
so is New London. I simply say that it is
right and the duty of this Congress to carry
out the pledge of the Government, and give
us proper wharves for a naval station at New
London, as it has been, recognized as a naval
station by the Government. You have no
y.ears to wait to dig out and make a harbor;
yon have a harbor there where the whole Navy
of the country can ride in safety, and no
flood of ice will come- down to destroy your
vessels, as it has done at League Island the
past winter.
Sir, it is one of the oldest naval harbors in
the country. It has been distinguished in the
past history of the country, and there is a
historical fitness in making New London a
naval station. During the war of the Revolu-
tion Governor Trumbull fitted out some of the
most efficient cruisers that we had to fight the
enemy upon the element they claimed as their
own, and these were a large part of the Navy
that we had during that period. During the
last war with England the first British flag
upon the sea that fell before the stars and
stripes was struck to a soil of Connecticut,
and to one, if I remember rightly, who had
learned the rudiments of seamanship and the
elements of his naval knowledge in sailiug
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 238.
from the harbor of New London. You have
got "there, as the reports of your best officers
say, one of the finest harbors on the whole
Atlantic coast for a thousand miles or more.
It is ready foryour service, excepting that this
small sum of $'20,000 is asked for the purpose
of building wharves and making proper and
neccssary improvements for a naval station
and for your vessels to be moored. The water
is just right for this purpose; your copper and
iron upon your ships will not be corroded;
your vessels will not be injured; there is just
the right admixture of salt and fresh water for
their preservation, as the testimony of all these
reports shows. Now, I say that on so small
an appropriation, on a matter of $20,000
only, as asked for the purpose of this naval
station, there ought to be no question, but
that the committee will grant it, without fur
ther argument. It is to be borne in mind, too,
that when it is once fully known to the country
how superior New London is for a u3:va,l sta-
tion, and what its great advantages are,
another naval station can be given up ; and if
it becomes a navy-yard, you can dispense with
the Brooklyn navy-yard, and'several million
dollars will be saved to the Government,; be-
cause the people of Brooklyn want the land
now occupied by that yard, which is worth
millions of dollars, for other purposes than a
navy-yard. You can remove your Brooklyn
yard to New London, and do it without a dol-
lar of cost to the Treasury when the proper
time comes for it. , I will not encroach further
on the time of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I want to say a
word to the committee in relation to this mat-
ter. If we were distributing money simply to
give it to good fellows, who represent nice dis-
tricts, I should certainly vote for this appro-
priation ; if we were distributing it so as to
give every district an equal share of money,
then I should vote for it. If we were dis
tributing it according to my views of navy-
yards, then I should vote for it; but if we are
to follow the estimates of the Department, I
cannot vote for this appropriation.
The question was upon Mr. Starkweather's
amendment to strike out, in line eleven hun-
dred and ninety-six, the word "five" and to
insert in lieu thereof "twenty;" so that the
clause would read, " Naval station at New
London, Connecticut: for work on wharf and
care and protection of public property,
$20,000."
The question was put; and there were—ayes
61, noes 58.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stark-
weather and Mr. Archer were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 8!), noes 87.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows under the head
of "the Department of Agiiculture:"
Buildings and grounds:
Fur improvement of grounds : for labor. &12.000; for
heating apparatus for new gr.tnery,$2,000; tor mate-
rial for road? and walks, $1,500; for cail-iron labels
tor naming trees in nrboreuim, $1,500; tor tools, re-
pairs, and blaekflmithirig, SI,000; lor draining-tilos
i'or grounds, $500: for terrace walls, $2,500; tor re-
pairing fence around grounds, $1,000: and for a iur-
nacc in the laboratory, ciuo; in all, ^22,100.
Mr. HOAR. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the paragraph
just read ;
I'or completing the museum under the charge of
Piofessor Town send Glover, $3,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
point of order on that amendment.
Mr. HOAR. No point of order is possible.
This is a public work in course of completion,
for which appropriations are made every year.
It is a collection of insects injurious to vege-
tation.
Mr. HOLMAN. I thought the point of
order had been made that this is not authorized
by existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. It is a public work now
in progress, and is in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly no appropria-
tion has ever been tnade for it.
Mr. HOAR. If the gentleman from In-
diana will allow me to make my statement he
will see that the amendment is in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman pro-
duce the law that authorizes it ? •
Mr. HOAR. This museum has been in
course of collection in the Agricultural De-
partment, and has been paid for out of the
ordinary appropriations'I'or that Department
for several years. It is under the charge of
a subordinate of that Department, Professor
Townsend Glover, and it is the most interest-
ing and useful experiment for the promotion
of agricultural science which is now'going'on
on the face of the earth. I am quite sure, if
the gentleman from Indiaftia would attend-to
the subject, he would agreed with raei in desir-
ing this appropriation to be made • fo-r the.
purpose. •
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist that there is no
law authorizing the appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point, of order.
Mr, HOAR. This gentleman is an enthu-
siast and a man of genius. In this particular
work he )ias collected specimens of woods,
fruit, garden vegetables, cereals, and grasses,
and specimens of the insects which prey upon
each, and specimens of the birds which de-
stroy those insects, with a statement of the
remedy. He has also specimens of fruits and
other articles affected by disease?, with refer-
ences to standard works where the matter is
described, all arranged by States, showing
where the article is grown. Therefore, if any.
mail in the United States wishes to know in
regard to anything, whether it is used for in-
troduction,or for cultivation in his garden or
on his farm, all he has to do is to go to that
spot, and there he can see at a glance every-
thing that is known in regard to it, the place
where it grows, the disease or insect affecting
it, the remedy for it, and the latitude for
which it is best adapted. It is a most valuable
and most wonderful collection already. I
trust this small sum will be granted.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I desire
to indorse all that has been said by the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar.] This
is a most wonderful collection, and must take
rank with the science of meteorology in im-
portance to the country. This is a very small
appropriation, and 1 think this committee can
do no better than to adopt it.
The question was taken on the amendment
by a viva voce vote, and the Chairman de-
clared the amendment adopted.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I desire to offer
an amendment.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I' call for a division upon
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hoar.]
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late for a
division ; the Chair has announced the result.
Mr. HOLMAN. I was on the floor listen-
ing for the announcement by the Chair, and I
insist upon a division.
The CHAIRMAN. Thte Chair must insist
upon-his own statement; he declared that
the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the Chair had declared
it distinctly I should have insisted upon a
division.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman insists
upon a division it will be had.
The committee divided; and the amend-
ment was agreed to—ayes seventy-six; noes
not counted.
Mr. WALLS. I ask unanimous consent to
go back to the paragraph relating to the navy-
yard at Pensacola, in order that I may move
to increase the appropriation from $25,000 to
$50,000.
Mr, GARFIELD, ofOhio. I object to g< ing
back.
