158
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 16,
Ho. of Reps.
Tariff and its Burdens—Mr. Crossland.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
mowpr. The danger of loss of or damage to
crops by changing weather daring a protracted
harvest would be avoided. He would sow
more grass lands and plant more wheat, and
increase the productions of his farm fifty per
cent., and with less labor than he performs
nOvV with his few bungling implements. And
if the farmer was able to advance money and
buy all the implements necessary for thorough
and easy culture of crops, under the present
system they would come so highly taxed as to
make the use of them impossible; for the
natural wear and tear is an expense that he
could not hope to be able continually to meet.
The tax that he pays on iron, steel, leather,
his clothing, and all he consumes and uses,
adds to the cost of every bushel of wheat and
corn, and every pound of meat, tobacco, and
hay that he produces.
Besides, as I have said, this high taxation
on foreign products or manufactures drives
thi-m to seek markets where they are less taxed
and restricted, and to exchange them for such
articles as they do not produce in such abund-
ance as to supply the home demand; and in
this way we drive off purchasers of our large
surplus of products, and the farmer is obliged
to sell his produce at home, where the supply
largely exceeds the demand, and the conse-
quence is he receives a low price for it. And
under this most iniquitous system of exclusion
the foreign goods are taxed so high that they
do not come in quantities sufficient to make
healthy competition. The manufacturer, hav-
ing no competition, sells his goods for the
highest prices, because the people cannot buy
them elsewhere, and then, having no compe-
tition, no one to bid against him for the farm-
er's produce, he takes it at his own price;
and thus everything the people buy is high,
and all they sell is low, and they are kept in
poverty and the manufacturer made rich.
Protectionists urge what they call the general
prosperity of the people as an evidence that
the tariff does not oppress them. We do see
the people, by the hardest labor and the strict
est economy, able to live; but what we do not
see is the general prosperity that would per-
vade all classes when they could sell the
results of their labor for good prices, and not
then be obliged to pay away half or two thirds
of it to the monopolists called manufacturers.
Our farmers raised last year eighteen hundred
million bushels of grain, and we exported less
than seventy million bushels.
The home market in the United States can
never absorb this immense annual ptoducliou ;
a large surplus is inevitable, and mijst find a
market somewhere, or the prosperity of this
great class must end; and the cost of trans-
portation from the farms to the markets is
greatly increased by this unjust taxation. Rail-
road iron, cars, and engines are all made of
taxed articles; steamboats and all .other means
of transportation, from the farm-wagon to the
grand steamers that plow the ocean main, all
are taxed. The railroad companies and steam-
boat owners mils' mo.ke profirs on their invest-
ments, and to do this high freights must be
charged, and all paid by the farmer. Here is
an interest greater than all others in this land,
an industry to which all classes must look for
food: for bread and meat, identical with all
others, (except that of the monopolists;) the
class that feeds us all, ought it not above all
others to be fostered and protected? Yet
you hear no application from the farmers or
mechanics to oppress another class in their
interests. No lobbyists are here asking the
Committee of Ways and Means to tax oiher
industries to protect them ; no. that sturdy class
love justice, and all they ask for is justice and
fairness in life's great struggle. 'I hey are willing
to labor and thus earn a livelihood ; all they
ask is equality. Unlike the monopolists, they
ask for no exclusive privileges.
I ask gentlemen to refer to the statistics, and
assure themselves of the magnitude of the
agricultural interest of this country which is
trodden under foot and sacrificed for other
and far less important industries. Compare
the values annually created by agriculture
with that of all other industries, thus: agri-
culture—value of annual products, $3,586,-
964,000.
Cotton manufactures 8170,000,000
Woolen manufactures  176,000,000
Iron  202,3.^5,000
Leather manufactures  180,000.000
Value of manufactures $728,335,000
You will see that the value of all these
branches of industry amounts to only $728,-
335,000, while that of the farmers amounts to
$3,586,964,000.
This greatest of all interest is left not only
unprotected, but bears onerous burdens to
stimulate others. With alarge surplus taxed so
that its cost of production is so heavy that it
finds no sufficient market at home, suppose
it crossesthe waters and finds its way, the wheat
and corn to " Mark Lane," London, the cen-
tral grain market of the world, and enters into
competition with the wheat-growers of the
regions of the Baltic, the Danube, and the
Crimea, whose products have cost less than
half that the taxation has imposed on our
farmer ; here is demand sufficient to absorb
all the grain in the market. It is sold, and the
American farmer would here buy his supplies
at low prices, but he cannot take it home with-
out paying an average tax of forty-eight per
cent., and whatever he should bny must, pass
through the custom-house and pay taxation ;
for he would bean importer, and imports must
be taxed to protect home industry, (manufac-
tures.)
Here we see the ruinous restrictions on ex-
changes. The tax out of the way, the farmer
could buy all his supplies at half price. He
could buy his salt in Liverpool or Cadiz, or
even in Canada, and transport it home at a
cost of less than twenty cents per bushel, but
the tax that raises its worth to forty-five cents
here makes it as well to buy here as there.
He is compelled by the effect of the tariff laws
to sell his produce at home for low prices, and
buy all he consumes at home. He is not free
to seek his own welfare in his own way, di-
lected by his own judgment. He cannot con-
trol prices; prices control him. They are
forced to buy the $852,000,000 of manufac-
tures from the home producer of them, and
must pay for them with wheat, corn, tobacco,
hay, and other farm produce at whatever
price the manufacturer may please to ask for
his or give for their produce. Is this freedom ?
Are not the agriculturists slaves to their law-
protected, tariff-tavored neighbors? This pro-
tective system has utterly destroyed one of the
most profitable and useful industries in the
country.
We had once the proudest ocean merchant
marine that rode on the face of the seas; now
we have none worth the name. By a report
made some time since to this House by the
chief of the division of tonnage, it is shown
that of the total tonnage entered at the ports
of the United States during the year 1870,
only thirty-six per cent, was American against
forty-seven per cent. British, and seventeen
per cent other nations ; and in the thirty-six
per cent. American is included the tonnage of
coasting vessels, leaving our portion of the
actual foreign trade inconsiderable indeed.
While British tonnage in the commerce of Groat
Britain has risen from fifty-nine per cent, in 1855
to more than seventy-five percent, now, Ameri-
can tonnage has fallen down almost to nothing.
We have but thirty-six per cent, of the ship-
ping engaged in our own commerce, while
Great Britain has over seventy-five per cent.
of the shipping engaged in her foreign com-
merce. In I860 we owned fully one third of
the tonnage of the world, as will be seen by the
following comparison :
Ton/i.
Tonnage owned by United States in I860 5.8'-.0,Sl'l
By Grea.t Britain and her dependencies 5.898,309
By all other nations 5.800,049
We owned then nearly as much as Great
Britain, and more then all the other nations.
Where is it now? England has nearly doubled
hers, other nations have increased theirs,
while we with more increase of population
and wealth than all the rest have fallen back,
and to-day do not own twenty-five per cent,
of the shipping engaged in our foreign com-
merce! This carrying business is among the
most important interests in the country, as
we will readily see by the immense business
the Atlantic steamship lines are doing. I speak
solely of those engaged in the trade between
Europe and America.
The Cunard liie, which lias grown into a
fleet of twenty-five of the- noblest specimens
of naval architecture that ever floated on the
waters, registering from 2.000 to 3,500 tons
each, performed last year 125 passages each
way. In these trips they carried the enormous
quantity of 450.000 tons of freight, a majority
of which belonged to American shippers, and
upward of 55,000 passengers were transported
during the same period between the two coun-
tries without a single casualty.
The lnman line of thirteen vessels of from
2,000 to 3,600 tons carried last year 170,000
tons of freight and 60,000 passengers.
The Anchor line, twenty-eight, vessels, trad-
ing from Glasgow to New York, in 1870 made
102 trips, with an average freight of 1,500 tons,
and carried 40,000 passengers.
The National line has ten ships, of a tonnage
capacity higher than any other line, one of
their ships, the Queen,.being registeredat4,471
tons. This line, which makes about sixty-
four passages per annum (each way) earned
870,000 tons of freight, and 43,000 passengers.
Williams and Gion's line of eight steamers,
registering up to 3,750 tons, made fifty-five
trips, earned 150,000 tons freight, and 35,000
passengers. And many others could be men-
tioned—the French Transatlantic, the Ham-
burg American, the Royal Canadian Steam-
ship line, &c., but I have mentioned enough
to show that in one year, one hundred and seven
foreign ships made between New York and
ports in Europe 1,073 voyages, carrying to and
fro 302,148 passengers, and 1,601,538 tons of
freight, aud enough to show the immense losses
we sustain by having our carrying all done in
foreign bottoms, and the immense profits from
our own commerce all in foreign pockets.
We are indebted to the protective tariff for
all these losses of profits. The tax on iron,
cordage, and other ship-building material,
makes the cost of an American-built ship so
much above one built on the Clyde, and other
European ship-yards, that it could not possi-
bly compete with them. And wo have a law
on our statute-books that interdicts an Amer-
ican citizen from buying, registering, or using
a foreign-built vessel. We cannot build them
under the taxation of materials, and instead of
taking it off the protectionists propose to re-
vive the industry by subsidies, by taxing the
people and giving the money to ship builders.
A bill for this purpose is now pending before
this House to enable them to rebuild our worn-
out shipping. This at best would be but coun-
ter protection, relieving one class, and throw-
ing the burdens on another—the people.
We have seen the immense sums that we
lose by carrying on commerce in foreign bot-
toms. Nor is this all we lose. Having no
American ocean merchantmen, these Euro-
pean lines having, by our folly, a monopoly of
the business, discriminate against American
