1106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
moment to say. But it seems to me beyond all
question that the President, or a head of
Department, or any oilier power which is
charged by the Constitution with appointments
to office, has the right to select its own agen-
cies, to ascertain and determine the qualifica-
tions of persons who present themselves for
appointment. The President would have the
right, in my judgment, even without any civil
service commission, without the law which my
friend from Indiana [Mr. Williams] said sub-
stantially was " smuggled through" at the close
of the last session of Congress; without any
help whatever from us the President would
have the right—if he could get an appropiation
for that purpose—to appoint an advisory board
or a board of examination, or any body of men
he desired to use, for the purpose of giving
him information in refeience to applicants for
office. So the President has undoubtedly the
right, as has any head of a Department, and
as would the judges of the Supreme Court in
respect to officers whose appointmentislodged
with them, to inquire of members of Congress
as individuals, members of the House and
members of the Senate, in reference to the
qualifications of all these persons who may
"be appointed to office.
The objection to a board of examination,
when appointed by the President of his own
motion, is not in my judgment valid, on account
of constitutional difficulties. It has, however,
clearly to my apprehension an advantage, and
an advantage which can hardly be overrated,
over the practice of consulting members of
Congress and following, as a rule, their advice
in making appointments. The evil which has
come upon us from the bad practice of practi-
cally allowing members of Congress to make
all or nearly all the appointments in their own
districts, is not that members of Congruss as
individuals are not entirely qualified to give an
opinion in respect to the appointment of any
person in their districts ; it is not that the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shicll.usarger,] the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Williams,] or
any other gentleman on this floor, is not as
well qualified to determine the fitness of any
liian for office as any boiird of examiners,
whether a "board of broken-down school-
masters," of which we have heard, or aboard
of educated and respected gentlemen residing
in their district. The objection to this prac-
tice is in human nature itself, and it is useless
for you to attempt to avoid that objection. It
isutterlv impossible, Mr. Speaker, that a mem-
ber ot this House who is culled upon to express
an opinion in respect to the appointment to
office of any person in his district can wholly
maintain Ins independence and impartiality in
expressing that opinion.
While these appointments remain in the gift
of members of Congress there will be con-
tinual pressure for the appointment of polit-
ical or personal liieuds. Certainly this will
be so while merit, is not regarded as the sole
recommendation. Few members of either
House can so far separate themselves from
these influences as not to be controlled by
their in any recommendations they may make,
and thus it comes about that the offices soon
become the prizes for which the adventurous
politician works; and the Congressman who
distributes this patronage would bo something
more or something less than a man who should
not give at least the lion's share to his personal
adherents and political friends.
lo avoid this bad practice, many members
of Congress in late years, in appointments, or
recommendations for appointments of cadets
to West Point, and of midshipmen to Annapo-
lis, have called upon a board of examiners
to make a competitive examination, and then
have appointed the person who passes the best
examination as reported by such examiners.
It has been done in my State, and 1" know it
lias been done in many other States. The
opposite practice led to what we saw in the
last Congress, when, one after another, three
members of the House took their departure
from this floor to avoid expulsion because
they had put up these places for sale and had
taken money directly for the use of their influ-
ence with the appointing power in securing
places for those willing to pay for them. That
was only one of the evil results flowing from
this vicious practice of allowing members of
Congress to control any appointments. And
so long, Mr. Speaker, as members of either
branch of Congress are recognized as the per-
sons who dictate these appointments in their
own districts, or in their own States, so long
there will be inevitably more or less of this
corruption.
But, Mr. Speaker, I rose chiefly for the pur-
pose of calling the attention of the House to
an opinion that was given by Attorney General
Wirt in 1826, before this infamous doctrine
which has been so eloquently denounced by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shgllabar-
ger,] that "to the victors belong the spoils
of the enemy," was put in the political ma-
chinery of this Republic. Early in the history
of the Republic, when it was deemed of the
utmost importance that the different depart-
ments of the Government should be kept
wholly distinct and separate, and that neither
one should be put in a situation to be influ-
enced by the other in action which ought to
be independent, a law was passed prohibiting
members of Congress from making contracts
with any department of the Government.
The language of the law was general, but
it was intended more particularly to prevent
them from making contracts for the transport-
ation of the mails, or contracts of that sort.
The reason of it was evident. Members of
Congress should not be put in any such rela-
tion with the Departments as would destroy
their independence of action, as would be done
if they were in any way put in a condition of
dependence upon them for favors which they
might receive at their hands.
Subsequently, the opinion of the Attorney
General was asked with respect to the appli-
cation of that law to the case of a person's
being employed by one of the Departments of
the Government as an attorney to represent
the Government in a suit in the courts.
The opinion given by the Attorney General
was as follows:
Attorney General's Office,
July 18,1826.
_ Sik: The question which you submit for my opin-
ion is, whether your employment of members of
Congress as assistant counsel to the district attorneys
ot the United States be within the prohibitions
ot the act of April 21,1808, "concerning public con-
tracts."
I am entirely satisfied that this sort of engage-
ments was notwithin thoview of Congress when the
act was passed; but that the specie;? of contracts
which led to its passage were of a different charac-
ter, as stated in thereportofaselectcommittee of the
29th ot March, 1822, upon the subject of the employ-
ment of a Senator of the United States in the exam-
ination of certain land offices in Ohio. &c. The
practice, too, in several instances stated in that re-
port seems to have limited the construction of the
act to the specific species of contracts which were
known to have led to its enactment. But yet the
language ot the law is so broad and so explicit, not
only in its positive enactments, but in its excep-
tions, and its policy, too, is so broad and general,
that 1 cannot discover any satisfactory distinction
by which the contracts in question can be with-
drawn from its operation.
The first section forbids all contracts between
officers of the Government and members of Con-
gress. It is true that the language of this section
seems, for the most part, to be applicable only to the
kind of contracts which produced the law, and had
the question rested on this section only, there would
have been good ground for confining the operation
ol the act^to those kinds of contracts to which it
owes its origin. But thesecond reflects a larger con-
struction on the first by excepting from its action a
species of contract as far removed from the natural
sense ot the first section as the kind of engagements
now m question, to wit: the purchase of bills of
exchange from members of Congress. The excep-
tion proves that Congress intended by the first sec-
tion to use language broad enough to cover the
excepted cases, and that hence it was necessary to
introduce the positive exception. Now, if as is thus
implied by the Legislature itself, the first section is
broad enough to comprehend the sale ot bills ot
exchange, I see not why it is not broad enough to
comprehend the sale ot professional services, or anv
other species of work and labor in any other art, mys-
tery, or science, as well as that of the law. And again,
it the prohibitions do not extend to engagements
for professional services with gentlemen of the law,
do they extend to engagements with gentlemen or
the medical faculty? If not, a member of Congress
might be st« tioned as asurgeon at a military post on
an annual stipend without any violation ot the law.
But let us pursue the inquiry one step further.
The second section of the act having expressly ex-
cepted from the operation of the law two cases
only, to wit, contracts with corporations and the
purchase of bills of exchange, the fourth section
uses the following poin ted and comprehensive terms;
"That if any officer of the United States, in behalf
of the United States, shall, directly or indirectly,
make or enter into any contract, bargain, or agree-
ment, in writing or otherwise, other than such as
arc herein excepted, with any member of Congress,
such officer so offending," &c. Now, I think it can-
not be denied that an engagementwith a gentleman
of the bar, whereby, for a valuable consideration, he
is to render his professional servicesin a given ease,.
is a contract, a bargain, an agreement, in the legal
sense of these teims, (and in none other are they to
be regarded ;) and it is a bargain, contract, or agree-
ment, other than the two which had been previously
excepted by the act. It is, therefore, a contract
forbidden expressly by the fourth section of the act.
Should it be objected that this is sticking in the
letter of the law, to the disregard of its policy, 1
cannot accede to the objection.
The policy of the l;iw is to prevent the exercise of
executive influence over the members of Congress
by i he means ot contracts; and whether the contract
be for the service of a lawyer, a physician or a mail
carrier, an army purveyor, or aturnpike-road maker,
it seems to me to be equally within the policy and
mischief of the law. The only difference is in the
permanency of the engagement; but a succession of
single engagements js quite as mischievous as acon-
tract in solido, and if the distinction is to be allowed,
the law might easily be evaded.
Finally, even if the construction of the law were
dubious, yet, as executive officers, it would become
us to remember that it is a remedial law, enacted as
a bar to executive influence, that in the construction
of all such laws the rule is to give them a large con-
struction for the advancement of the remedy and
the suppression of the mischief, and that it is much
safer to err on the side of forbearance than on that
of possible encroachment.
To the Postmaster General.
Now, sir, when this business of appointing
to office is farmed out practically by the heads
of Departments, and by the President ot' the
United States to the members of Congress
representing the districts in which the appoint-
ments are to be made, or to the Senators rep-
resenting the States in which the appointments
are to be made, it clearly puts the members
and the heads of Departments and the Pres-
ident in the same relation in kind, if not in
degree, that would subsist between them if
they had a direct contract with the appoint-
ing power. The member of Congress, Mr.
Speaker, who desires that his recommendation
for office with the Postmaster General, with
the Secretary of State, with the President,
shall carry weight and conviction, will desire
to be on good terms with those officials, and
if he is to be met there, as perhaps a member
of Congress may be met by other members of
the same political party and yet of a different
faction, or clique, or ring in the party—if he is
to be met there by such persons presenting
another candidate, he will desire, and he will
see to it, if he wishes to have his own recom-
mendations successful, that whatever the Post-
master General wants in Congress, whatever
the President wants in Congress, whatever the
Secretary of State wants in Congress, shall
receive his approval. And I think no man
who has been in Congress for oue term has
failed to see that on questions which have
been pressed here urgently by peisous who
hold the appointing power under the Con-
stitution, and the veto power on the recom-
mendations of members of Congress for ap-
pointments—the persons who held that .power
have sometimes obtained votes against the
honest sentiments and convictions ot members
of Congress ; that when it was known that the
records of members of Congress on such ques-
tions would be seen in other places* and would
be quoted against the recommendations for
office from the members who gave them, mem-
bers here have hesitated long before they have .
voted contrary to the wishes of those who had
this appointing power.
It is unavoidable, while members are under-
stood and expected to hold these relations to
