1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3795
priated to enable the Secretary of the Treasury to
return to the clerk ot the United States district
court for the southern district of Illinois the one
half of $-lul,502 16 paid to said Secretary by said
clerk as prize-money, in pursuance of a decree of
said court, made on the 11th day of May, 1864. which
decree was afrerward, to wit, ou the yth day of Jane,
1865, held to be erroneous and set aside by said court,
and said money ordered to be returned to said court
for distribution to the lawful owners thercot; and to
this end that the said Secretary cause to be trans-
ferred the said sum of $225,75 1 08 from the Navy pen-
sion fund to the credit of the Treasurer of the United
States-; the moneys so directed to be returned hav-
ing been deposited to the credit of said fy.nd on the
23d of May, 1861, by warrant No. 109,
Mr. HOLMAN. I rose to make a point of
order on that section ; but I will yield to hear
what the.gentleman from Illinois lias to say.
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Chairman, the pur-
pose of this appropriation is, simply to return
a fund in the Treasury which does not belong
to (he Government. During the Porter expe-
dition in 1864 up the lied river, they seized a
large amount of cotton, which was taken to
Cairo^ Illinois. The district court for the
southern district of Illinois condemned that
coiton ap'd ordered it to be sold and (he pro;
ceeds paid into the Treasury of the United
States, as maritime prize. It was ascertained
subsequently or immediately thereafter that
the Supreme Court of the United States, in
the prize cases, reported in 2 Wallace, had
decided that cotton so seized was not maritime
prize. The condemnation was clearly unlaw-
ful, and the districteourt on motion entered an
order to return the money. In the mean time it
had been covered into the Treasury and distrib-
uted, one half as prize-money to the captors
and the other half to the credit of the naval
pension fund. The Secretaries of the Treas-
ury and Navy had, as it had been covered
into the Treasury, no authority to return it.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 4. That for the payment to Rafael Madrazo,
owner of the bark Tpresitq. wiiich was illegally cap-
tured by the United States s>toiwner Granite^ Cuy,
near the mouth of the ltio Grande, on the lfith of
November, 1863, and restitution of which was ordered
by the district court ot the eastern district of Louis-
iana, (after sale of the said bark and the deposit of
thepioceeds theieof, under the order of the court,
in tue .First National Bank of New Orlean?,) which
said judgment of restitution was afterward, at thy
Jjeeember term in 1366 of the Supreme Court of the
United States, affirmed, a sufficient sum (not ex-
ceeding $10,&>y W) is hereby appropriated to leturu
to said Madrazo or his lawful assigns, without inter-
est, the proceeds of said sale, deducting therefrom
whatever sum may have been recovered lrom said
bank either before or after the failure thereof.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am reluctant to make a
point of order on this item ; but I must do so,
because I do not see any good reason why this
should stand upon a different footing from
other claims against the Government. This
money, I believe, or most of it, was lost in
the bank.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not this money.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. GAKFIELD, of Ohio. This is in ac-
cordance with the decree of the court.
The CHAIRMAN. The decree of the
court is not law.
The Clerk read the following section :
Skc. 5. That for tire payment to W. II. Turley,
John D. Fondrew, and Isaac N. Barker,'their assigns
or legal representatives, owners of the steamboat
T. D. Hine, which was libeled and sold under order
of the United States circuit court for the eastern
district of Louisiana, issued August 3, 18(55, and
which order was reversed by adecree ofth p Supreme
Court of the United States on the first Monday of
December, 1868, the sum of $9,00o, or so much
thereof as may benecessary, is hereby appropriated
to pay said owners the amount derived from the
sale of said vessel under the sale which wasmade by
virtue of the aforesaid order of the United States
circuit court for the eastern district of Louisiana,
deducting from the proceeds of said sale any
amounts which said owners may have already
received, directly or indirectly, from the fund
realized by the Government upon said sale.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I offer an
amendment to that section.
Mr. HOLMAN. I reserve the point of
order on the section until the amendment is
read.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
reserve his point of order. If he desires to
make the point of order on the section, he
must make it now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the point of order.
I do not think an appropriation bill should
contain this item.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read the following section:
Sec. 7. That to enable the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to pay Standish and Ballard, attorneys, their
account for defending the register and the receiver,
at Ionia, Michigan,thesum of $1,000 is hereby appro-
priated.
Mr. H.OLMAN. It does not seem to me
that this is a proper item in an appropriation
bill. It'does not seem; however, to be a large
sum.
' Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I Have a letter
from the Secretary of the Interior recommend-
ing this, which I will have read if the gentle-
man desires to hear it. It is an account for
defending officers of the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not prpsq the point
of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The bill has
now been gone through, and I am instructed
by the committee to offer severalameudments.
I send the first to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
For loss and expense involved in the rocoinage of
gold coin in the Treasury which are below stand-
ard, under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe, $150,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that before this
appropriation is voted some explanation will
be given.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the Clerk
to read the letter which'I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Treasury Department, May 10,1872.
Sir : I have rcccived a letter from the Assistant
Treasurer at New York giving the amount and
classification of gold coins on deposit in his oflico,
from which it appears that he holds s0,0(ji),0u0 of
half eagles, and #16,710,000 of the denomination of
three dollars and under, a considerable portion of
which aro so much below the standard weight and
limit of tolerance provided by law that they can-
not bo reissued. These coins can be recoiued with
but little additional expense to the Mint, but it will
be necessary to provide by law for the loss occa-
sioned by the conversion of light icoins into c.oiji of
standard weight;, and I therefore recommend the
following amendment to the sundry civil Appropri-
ation bill now under consideration in the House:
"For loss and expense in the recoinage of gold
coins in the Treasury which are below standard
weight, under such regulations as the Secretary of
the Treasury may prescribe,$150,000."
Very respectfully,
GEORGE S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary.
lion. Jame-5 A. Garfield, Chairman of Committee on
Appropriations, House of Rcprcucntativcs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
To defray, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, the expenses of redeeming and re-
issuing the minor coinage of the United States,
$20,000, pursuant to the act of March 3, 1871; as
much of the same as may be necessary to bo avail-
able for expenses incurred during the present fiscal
year.
Mr. COX. I would like an explanation of
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is a let-
ter from the Secretary of the Interior stating
that a large proportion of this coin is worn
and abraded, and must be replaced.
Mr. CCTX. Does this refer to nickels or
shin-plasters? [Laughter.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment
The Clerk read as follows :
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay tho
officers and crew of the United States steamer Kear-
sargo fur tho destruction of tho rebel cruiser Alabama,
under the provisions of tlie act entitled "An act fur
tho relief ot tho officers and crew of the United
States steamer ICearsarge," approved April 17, 1872,
$1(31),777 62.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. T ask that a
letter from the Secretary of the Navy relating
to the subject of the amendment last submit-
ted be printed in the Globe.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered. The letter is as follows:
Navy Department,
Washington, Mav 13,1872.
Siu: The copy of an act for the relief of theofficors
and crow of the United States steamer ICearsarge, left
at this Department by lion. Mr. Hibhard, was re-
ferred to the Fourth Auditorof the Treasury for tho
information required, and he replies "that tho
amount of bounty to be deducted from this $190,000
is $29,227 3S, about sixteen per cent.,' leaving a bal-
ance of $100,772 62."
Very respectfully, GEO. M. HOBESON,
Secretavy of the Navy.
Hon. J. A. Garfield,
llousG'Of Iiepreneiitativc8t ~Waehiiigtont JO. C.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offer the
following amendment.
' . The Clerli jead as follows:
That the sum of $15,000 he appropriated for the
purpose of constructing a .pneumatic tube on the
plan invonted by Albert T'ripbaiio, from the Capitol
nlone North Capitol street, to the (Sivernirient Print-
ing Qllicc, for the transmission of books, packages,
&e., to bo expended under tho direction ot tho Sec-
retary of the Interior, and thetfork t/< be done under
the supervision of thcarehitect of the Capitol exten-
sion.
Mr. POTTER. -I objeet to that amend-
ment. . Appropriations of $40.000and $50,000
are put in here without any explanation. Noth-
ing shall pass without objection from me until
1 have an explanation of it. 'We have just
appropriated $50,000 for the recoinage of the
nickcl coins-
Mr. GARFIELD.-of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow me to explain 
Mr. POTTER. That is exactly what I
desire.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Secretary
of (he Treasury sent word to us in a letter
which I have handed to. the reporters to be
printed in the Globe 
The CHAIRMAN. That matter has been
passed, and it is not in order to discuss it
now.
Mr. POTTER. We cannot have any ex-
planation of that now. Will the gentleman
give us some explanation as to this pneumatic
tube?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow me 
Mr. POTTER. I not only allow, but I
insist on it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio.. Well now, Jet
us not be punctilious about it. I will explain
as long as the gentleman' may desire me to,
although I am aure the House must be tired
of my voice, and I am sure I am myself.
Mr. COX. Oh, no; it is music to us.
Mr. POTTER. I object to voting without
any reason being given.
Mr. GARBTELD, of Ohio. The committee
,on Appropriations have unanimously recom-
mended this appropriation; first, because they
want to try a measure for reducing the expense
of cartage between this Capitol and the Pub-
lic Printing Office, but chiefly because they
believe a great invention has been made and
they desire that it may be tested, an invention
which, as they think, will have great results in
the future if a fair test should be made here.
There is now in operation for a mile and a half
in the city of Paris a pneumatic tube that
carries small parcels at a rate almost out-
stripping the wind. There is another three
quarters of a mile in length in the city of Lon-
don, from the general post office to the tele-
graph olSce, that does similar work.
But an American, a man of genius has made
an invention ou a diffeient plan, which has
been explained to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and which they believe will be
found more efficient than any of the English
or French patents or plan?, and to try it the
Committee on Appropriations have unani-
mously recommended this experiment to cost
but$lo,000. I presume there will benoobjec-
tion to the amendment, certainly none from
a gentleman so astute and so much a lover ol
