1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2003
competition i ill any boots here at Home.
Certainly they canrfot with regard to any
considerable interest. I think if this could
be put on the free list an essential service would
be done; the revenue would lose very little,
and no considerable interest in our country
would suffer. I hope, therefore, there can be
no question but that the Senate will allow this
to be adopted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust this
amendment will not be adopted. It is evi-
dently an old acquaintance of the Senate. I
think the Senator from Massachusetts has
always moved it whenever he has had an
opportunity.
Now, I desire to say in relation to the book
trade that there is scarcely any trade in this
country that has a severer competition with
foreigners than those engaged in publishing
books. We have never yet been able to put
anything but an ad valorem duty upon books.
If there was a very low specific duty placed
upon them we should obviate all difficulty;
but foreign book-publishers, say in Germany
or in England, publish the edition that is re-
quired for their own country, and then they
only have to subject themselves to the cost
of paper and press-work for striking off extra
copies for America.
There is another very bad thing in^ relation
to this trade at the present time. Nearly all
our school-books can be produced cheaper
abroad than at home. Sunday-school books,
religious tracts, and other matters are almost
entirely suppressed in this country, and we
have to take them as printed abroad. But in
relation to this particular amendment, of the
books in ancient and foreign languages more
than ninety per cent, are school-books. Do we
want to have our school-books printed abroad?
I could show, if there were time to illustrate
this matter, how this thing operates in relation
to these very books. Take, for instance, a
book like Smith's Dictionary of the Bible. It
is published at a cost in London, say, of seven
guineas, and yet it is invoiced to the agent of
the British publisher at a single pound when
is comes into this country as a foreign import-
ation. Books that are sold abroad for seven
shillings sterling are invoiced at two shillings,
so that when the ad valorem duty comes to be
computed upon them it is merely nothing, and
at the present time our book trade is almost
being driven from the market.
Now, this proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts would strike down some of the
most worthy, honest, and intelligent men, and
men of fine culture, who have embarked all
of their property in the world in this business.
This would be a blow directly in their faces.
And for the reason that I have suggested, that
the school-books of America should be Amer-
ican in character and printed and published by
American publishers, 1 trust the amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the argu-
ment of my friend is against English books,
and not books in ancient or foreign languages.
At any rate, the chief point of his argument
was addressed to works in the English lan-
guage. He called our attention, for instance,
to Smith's Dictionary of the Bible, an English
work, and he knows well that as it is a recent
work it is not on our free list, and the amend-
ment which I move does not touch it. My
amendment concerns books in the ancient
languages and in foreign languages; that is,
in the languages of modern Europe; and the
single point of the Senator is school-books.
Now, 1 ask whether we should not do all we
can to make the school-books as cheap as
possible? Will the Senator put a protective
duty on school-books; make the child with
"shining morning face" as he goes to school
pay a duty ? I would have the school-book as
cheap as passible. But, then, how few are the
school-books that would come in under this
provision 1
My amendment reaches the large amount
of works concerning science and literature
and jurisprudence in ancient and in foreign lan-
guages ; and why should -these be subjected to
a duty? Why should those scholars, those
enlightened professional men who import
these books, be subjected to this additional
expense? Sir, I honor the man, whether of
scholarship, of science, or of a profession,
who imports these works of learning. He
is a benefactor to his country. Every such
work becomes a fountain in the neighborhood;
but I would not put a duty on that fountain ;
I would unseal it; I would open it, and let it
flow as amply as possible.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. X should like to
ask the Senator from Massachusetts whether
there are any books in foreign languages that
are not published in this country ? Are not
all the books in the ancient languages pub-
lished in this country?
Mr. SUMNER. I beg to call the Senator's
attention to the boundless annual literature
of Germany, where the volumes are counted
by the thousand; to the extensive literature
of France, where the volumes are counted by
the thousand ; to the less ample literature of
Spain and Italy, with numerous publications,
all of which, if imported, pay a duty. Now, I
wish to encourage that importation.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I understood the
Senator's argument to be in favor of ancient
books.
Mr. SUMNER. It is also, certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My inquiry is,
whether those books are not all republished in
this country?
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all. For instance,
take most of the considerable works of scholar-
ship in German, annually produced, bearing
on the classics; they are not republished in
our country, but our professors import them
at cost. Then take another class of works, on
science, in the German language, in the French
language, I would say also in the Italian lan-
guage, for there are some excellent contribu-
tions to science as well as to literature in the
Italian language; those, if imported, pay a
duty; but they do not come into competition
with anything printed here. Why, then, should
they pay a duty? Why not encourage their
importation? Why not help the man of sci-
ence or the learned professor that aspires to
enlarge his library in this way ? I have said
that 1 regard such a person as a benefactor. I
wish to give him my thanks and my help if I
can. The best help I can give him is to try
to save him from this additional tax.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. My attention
has been called to this matter recently by an
examination into the question of international
copyright somewhat, and my information is
that there are no books published in foreign
languages that are used in this country which
are not reproduced here. I mean that all that
class of books are, to a greater or lesser ex-
tent, republished in this country.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not speak of text-
books ; 1 am speaking of the more expensive
works which the teachers require and which
are not republished in our country, which can-
not be republished in our country because of
the great cost of republication.
Mr. PATTERSON. I can say to my friend
from Maine that there are editions of some
of the Greek and Latin works published abroad
imported by foreign scholars which are not
reproduced here. These foreign editions are
often desired by professors.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. That is un-
doubtedly true; but, as a general proposition,
it is true that the ancient literature^ is repub-
lished in this country, so far particularly as
they are used in the academies and colleges in(
the United States.
Now, here is another general fact which the
Senate would do well to take notice of in this
connection: it is true that the great producing
country for books is England, and they can be
produced so much cheaper there than they can
in this country that no publisher in this coun-
try could stand that competition if it was free.
The same is true unquestionably to a great
extent of the countries to which the Senator
refers, France and Germany; but it is par-
ticularly true in regard to England, l'he book-
selling interest in this country could not sur-
vive for a day, comparatively speaking, if it
were left open to free competition with book-
making in England particularly. My informa-
tion is not so accurate in regard to the other
countries ; but it is unquestionable that books
can be manufactured cheaper in all the coun-
tries of Europe than here. Now, if there is
any interest in the country that requires the
protection of the tariff, it is the book manu-
facture, according to my information and belief.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If any Sen-
ator will examine what we already do on the
subject of books for schools, he will see that
we have done all that is necessary. We now
permit all books imported specially for any
college or university or school to be imported
free; and all or nearly all of ancient liter-
ature, Greek and Latin, Sre emphatically
classics ; they are such as are used for school-
books. The Senator from Massachusetts de-
sires the scientific and current annual liter-
ature of France and England to be reproduced
here. Why, Mr. President, is the Senator
from Massachusetts so anxious to have the
publications of George Sand and all'that class
of writers of France brought here so as to be
read in the original tongue ?
But, Mr. President, 1 do reiterate the point
that it is of vast importance that American
school-books should be of American char-
acter. They ought to have the stamp of
American character, and not be taken through
foreign channels.
Mr. SUMNER. Would the Senator be sat-
isfied with an amendment, to be added to my
amendment, "except school-books?"
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I would
not be satisfied with anything in the way of
making any more free books than we now
have. In 1860 a law was passed, I believe in-
troduced by Senator Simmons, at that time a
Senator from Rhode Island, allowing books
that were printed prior to 1850 to come in free.
We have found for some years past that books
were imported with a false title, pretending to
have been printed prior to that date.
But, Mr. President, I do not desire at this
late hour of the day to discuss this question,
nor do I think it is necessary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call attention to the
fourth rule, and ask for its enforcement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio calls attention to the fourth rule,
which states that no Senator shall speak more
than twice in any one debate on the same day.
The question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole, inserting
a free list.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected—ayes twelve, noes not counted.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to correct an omission, I think of the
Committee on Finance. I move in line one
hundred and eighty-fourtoaddthe words "and
stripped horn cut for dress-stays."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to. _
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend by in-
serting after line two hundred and ninety-five
Statuary, whether of marble or other material,
and paintings, when imported by the owner and not
for the purpose of resale or trade.
The object of this amendment is_ to enable
those of our citizens who are traveling m the
older countries to bring back with them sou-
venirs of travel and illustrations of the culture
of foreign lauds. This will not deprive the
Treasury of much revenue, and the articles
thus imported may well be matters not only
of deep gratification to the families that may
possess them, becoming heir-looms in time.
