1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
cost of vessels on st. domingo coast.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts was recognized, and yielded to
allow this message to be received. He is now
entitled to the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. In this mood of inquiry
and investigation I ask the Senate to be good
enough to take up a resolution submitted by
me March 25, 1871, calling for information,
which, when sent to the Senate, I shall move
be referred to the Committee on Retrench-
ment. It is a resolution of March 25, 1871,
on the files.
The VrCE PRESIDENT. As the Chair
stated a few moments since, original resolu-
tions have priority, and several Senators seem
to have them.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from New York
and other Senators have had resolutions which
were not original Senate resolutions to-day,
taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; there can be
no objection to this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Massachusetts asks unanimous consent
that a resolution submitted by him on the 25th
of March last, be taken up for consideration.
The resolution was read as follows :
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to communicate to the Senate an account of
the expenditures incurred m the support and navi-
gation of the several ships already reported to the
[Senate by the Secretary as employed on the coasts
of St. Domingo since the beginning: of negotiations
for the acquisition of part of that island, setting
forth the expenditures on account of each ship and
the sum total taken from the animal naval appro-
priations on account of all these ships.
The VICE PRESIDENT. An amendment
was proposed at that time by the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Coxklino,] which will also be
reported, after which the Chair will ask for
objection to the consideration of tho resolu-
tion at the present time.
The Chief Clerk. It was proposed to
amend the resolution by adding to it :
And that the Secretary a'so report to the Senate
how much, if any, such expenditures are greater
than would have been incurred had such ships been
in service elsewhere; and also h^w many vessels aro
usually ui service in waters adjacent to the West
Indies.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to the
amendment, of the Senator. My object is to
get at the facts. I want to know how many
millions have been spent in the war dance
about San Domingo.
Mr. CONKLING. After that remark, I
think the resolution had better lie over. If we
are to have 11 a war dance " we will take it at
some other time, when we can all take part.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unanimous con-
sent is not granted.
action's of american ministers abroad.
Mr. BLAIR. I offer the following resolu-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it an original
Senate resolution?
Mr. BLAIR. It is.
Mr. SUMNER. I rise to a question of
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
entertain the quesiion of order.
Mr. SUMNER. I moved to proceed to the
consideration of a resolution; audit certainly
was not in the power of any Senator to object
to it and interpose a senatorial veto.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
already stated several times, as the Senator
will see in the Globe to morrow if he did not
hear the Chair, that the Chair was calling for
original Senate resolutions and that they had
priority. The Chair so stated to the Senator
from New York; and the Senator from New
York then asked unanimous consent, for the
consideration of a resolution previously offered
by him. That consent, was granted, tie then
asked consent for the consideration of another
resolution, which wasalso granted. The Chair
stated to the Senator from Massachusetts when
he rose, as he did to the Senator from New
York, that until Senate original resolutions
wero concluded these resolutions heretofore
offered were not in order to be. considered,
except by unanimous consent. After original
Senate resolutions are through, the majority
can proceed to the consideration of this reso-
lution. The Senator from Missouri has sub-
mitted a resolution which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution of Mr.
Blair, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Investigation
and Retrenchment be, and they are hereby, instruct-
ed to inquire whether any minister of the United
States at any foreign Court is or has been interested in
and partner of any mining company; and whether
he has used or allowed his name or official position
to be used for the purpose of promoting the inter-
ests of said company in the country to whose Gov-
ernment he is accredited; and if so, whether his doing
so was or is compatible with his duties as such
minister.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this reso-
lution ? The Chair hears none, and it is before
the Senate.
The resolution was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin an original Senate reso-
lution to present?
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask the Senate to
proceed to a question of privilege, being a reso-
lution reported by the Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections yesterday morning and
printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
again read the rule. After stating the differ-
ent classes of morning business, it says :
"All which shall be received and disposed of in
such order, unless unanimous consent shall be other-
wise given."
And the call rests at original resolutions of
the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have an original reso-
lution which I ask the Senate to consider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin desires the floor to ask
unanimous consent, the Senator from Ohio is
recognized.
INTERNATIONAL COINAGE.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
is hereby requested, if not incompatible with the
public interests, to communicate to the Senate any
correspondence with foreign Powers, not hereto-
fore communicated, on the subject of international
coinage.
cost of yessels on st. domingo coast.
Mr. SUMNER. I send an original Senate
resolution to the Chair, and ask for its present
consideration.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy bo
directed to communicate to the Senate an account
of the expenditures incurred in the support and
navigation of the several ships already reported to
the Senate by the Secretary as employed on Ihe
coasts of St. Domingo since the beginning of nego-
tiations for the acquisition of part of that island,
setting forth tho expenditures on account of each )
ship and the sum total taken from the annual naval |
appropriations on account of all these ships. And
that the Secretary also report to the Senate how
much, if any, such expenditures are greater than
would hovo been incurred had such ships been in
service elsewhere; and also how many vessels are
usually in service in waters adjacent to the West
Indies.
Mr. CONKLING. Owing to the originality
of this resolution. I think it might as well lie
over for a (lay or two.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over.
committee service.
Mr. POOL. I rise to ask to be excused
from serving on the Committee of Investiga-
tion and Retrenchment. I am on several other
committees, and I think I cannot, discharge the
duties of that committee properly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
North Carolina asksto be excused from serving
on the Committee of Retrcnchmentand Reform.
Is there objection? The Chair hears none.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us understand that.
Will that leave the committee to consist of
seven members as it was ordered?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will leave it
to consist of seven members.
senator from georgta.
Mr. CARPENTER. I now ask the Chair
to request the Senate to give me unanimous
leave to take up a question of privilege, being
a resolution submitted by me yesterday accom-
panying a report from the Committee on Privi-
leges and Elections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There being no
further original Senate resolutions, the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin now, under the rule, moves
the,t the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the resolution reported by him yesterday
from the Committee on Privileges and Elec-
tions in regard to the Senator from Georgia.
A majority can now adopt that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Wis-
consin permit me to inquire at this stage of
the proceeding whether the resolution which I
had the honor to submit some time since, ac-
companied by a report from the joint Commit-
tee on the Condition of the Southern States,
is not also a question of privilege, and at what
time I may be enabled to have the Senate vin-
dicate its dignity bv taking it up?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that is a question of privilege, but two hours
and twenty minutes have been consumed to-day
in going through the usual morning-hoar busi-
ness, there being no business set for one
o'clock, as is usual at a later period of the
session. The Senator from Wisconsin obtained
the floor and moved to take up his resolution,
which really is of the highest privilege, and
higher privilege than that of the Senatorfrom
Pennsylvania, as it affects the organization of
the body.
Mr. CARPENTER. The privilege to get
into this Chamber must override the privilege
of going to jail. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the resolution now before tho body,
reported from the Committee on Privileges
and Elections.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution as fol-
lows :
Resolved, That Thomas M. Norwood is entitled to
a seat, in the Senate as a Senator from the State of
Georgia for the term commencing March 4,1871, and
that he be admitted to the same.
The resolution was adopted.
TheVlCE PRESIDENT. The Senator-elect,
if in the Chamber, will advance to the Chair
and take the oath of office.
Mr. Norwood advanced to the Vice Presi-
dent's desk, escorted by Mr. Hill, and the
oaths prescribed by law having been adminis-
tered to him, he took his seat in the Senate.
Mr. MORION. 1 ask unanimous consent
to offer a Senate resolution in connection with
the question that has just been decided:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to pav, out of tho pay and mileage account,
to Foster Utodgett. claiming a scat as Senator-elect
from the State of Georgia, the pay and mileage of
a Senator commencing March 4, 1S71, to the pas-
sage of this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the present consideration of this res-
olution?
Mr. BLAIR. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it will lie over.
political disabilities.
Mr. SCOTT. I now ask the Senate to take
up, as a question of privilege, the resolution
attached to the report of the joint select Com-
mittee to Inquire into the Condition of the late
Insurrectionary States, directing process to
