1872.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
1107
the appointing power, and do in fact in the
majority of cases control the appointments in
the civil service, and are almost daily solicit-
ing at the Departments and at the White
House the appointment of political and per-
sonal friends, that there should not be that
absolute independence between the appoint-
ing power and members of Congress that ought
to exist in order that we may express here our
independent judgment upon every measure
that is brought to our attention. A recom-
mendation from the head of a Department, a
recommendation from the President, should
go for what it is worth; argument we should
listen to; we should give that respectful atten-
tion and consideration that a recommendation
coming from such sources should always com-
mand, but we should never allow our judg-
ments to be influenced in acting upon it by
the consideration of fear or favor. Yet, is it
possible for us always to be thus independent,
and not at least to consider whether the offi-
cial whose recommendation we favor will not
be more likely to favor our recommendations?
Mr. Speaker, 1 believe it is unfortunately much
too often the case that it is quite impossible
for us to separate ourselves from these feel-
ings, and while acting as office-brokers to
maintain our independence as members of a
coordinate branch of the Government.
Let me ask the attention of the House for a
moment more. It would be, it seems to me,
of the utmost value to the proper progress of
business in either branch of Congress if mem-
bers were entirely free from this business of
soliciting office, independent of the other con-
siderations that enter into this question. Well,
gentlemen may say m reply to this, "If you
think you can perform your duties better by
not being an office-broker, you are not obliged
to be one: you are not obliged to solicit office."
That is veiy true. It is very true that every
gentleman can set up as a reformer on his own
account if he chooses to do so ; but the diffi-
culty lies here: his constituents will say to
him, '• Other gentlemen do this business; do
you feel yourself above the common run of
Congressmen? Do you feel that what is not too
small a business for your associates in the
House to attend to is quite too small a busi-
ness for you V" And he will be charged—and
I do not say but properly charged—at home
with having refused to perform what is regarded
as one of the important if not one of the chief
duties of a member of Congress. But once we
had a law such as the bill I introduced would
be if enacted into a law—that members of
Congress are not to attend to this business
except when their opinions are asked by the
head of a Department, and a member of Con-
gress can say with the utmost propriety, "I
will attend to this matter of your appointment
when my opinion is asked ; if I am invited to
express an opinion on this subject I will do it;
but I cannot officially solicit an appointment
for you, for it. is contrary to law, and I abide
by the law;" then we will be entirely free
from the objection that we should otherwise
meet, that we are refusing to do what other
members of Congress may do.
I hope that if this subject shall come before
Congress upon the report of any committee
it will meet with favorable consideration ; and
I shall then insist that the gentleman from.
Ohio [Mr. Shkllabarger] shall not do what
he has promised here substantially that he will
do, that is, refrain from saying another word
upon the subject of civil service reform, but that
we shall again hear his eloquent voice as we have
heard it here to-day crying out for the old dis-
tribution of the powers of the Government,
and for a, divorce of the legislative from the
executive, and the executive from the legis-
lative department. And if such warnings as
he sounds in our ears fail to arouse Con-
gress to the tremendous importance of this
question, the future of the Republic is dark
indeed.
Mr. T if NEE. If no other gentleman desires
to speak to-day, I will move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at three
o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS : The memorial of Henry
E. Preston, postmaster at Tewksbury, Massa-
chusetts, with accompanying affidavit, for re-
lief from responsibility for loss sustained from
the entry of his office by burglars and the
theft of postage stamps to the value of $100.
By Mr. CRITCHER: The petition of B.
Walker and 90 others, citizens of Westmore-
land county, Virginia, praying a preliminary
survey of the mouth of Nomini creek, for the
purpose of ascertaining the practicability of
rendering the same navigable.
By Mr. HOAR: The memorial of the Amer-
ican Woman Suffrage Association, praying that
there be granted to women citizens of the Uni-
ted States the right to vote and hold office
upon the same terms and conditions as men.
By Mr. SNAPP: The petition of J. L.
Seward, publisher of the Vermillion News, in
the county of Livingston, Illinois, praying that,
section one hundred and sixty-two of the cod-
ification of the postal laws be amended so as
to read "that persons known as regular pub-
lishers and dealers in newspapers and period-
icals may receive by mail such quantities of
either as they may require, in bulk, whether
wholly or in part printed, and pay the postage
thereon as received, at the same rates prorata
as regular subscribers to publications weighing
four ounces, who pay quarterly in advance."
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 19,1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Friday
last was read and approved.
message fkom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills ;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 535) for the relief of Asa
M. Trimble ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1546) for the relief of
George H. Rupp ;
A bill (H. R. No. 692) for the relief of Daniel
M. Page, late first lieutenant of the thirty-
eighth United States infantry;
A bill (H. R. No. 1547) for the relief of
Henry A. Messenger;
A bill (H. R. No. 752) to appropriate to
Henry Clay Williams a sum of money found
due him in the adjustment of his accounts;
A bill (H. R. No. 1262) for the relief of
Charles Hipp, of St. Mary, Auglaize county,
Ohio ;
A biil (H. R. No. 1228) for the relief of R.
Nelson Gere;
A bill (H. R. No. 1548) for the relief of John
S. Waters;
Abill(H. R. No. 1549) for the relief of Jacob
H. Ela;
A bill (H. R. No. 1544) for the relief of Mar-
tin Watkms, of East Windsor, Connecticut;
A bill (H. R. No. 1550) for the relief of the
estate of Dr. John F. Hanks ;
A bill (11. R. No. 039) for the relief of Jane
A. Green;
A bill (II. R. No. 528) for the relief of
Augustine Bacon ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1551) for the relief of S.
B. Mitchell,"George W. Mitchell, and John W.
Mitchell;
A bill (H. R. No. 114) for the relief of the
heirs of Lieutenant Colonel Humphrey M.
Woodyard, late of the twenty-first Missouri
infantry; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1552) in relation to the
construction of a new jail for the District of
Columbia.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a memo-
rial of the Legislature of the Territory of
Colorado, asking the passage of an act to
enable the people of that Territory to form a
State government; which was referred to the
Committee on Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of payment for losses
sustained by the people of the Territory of
Kansas from the failure of the territorial offi-
cials to afford them protection during the
years 1855 and 1856; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FENTON presented four petitions of
merchants of New York, praying that pig lead
be admitted free of duty ; which were referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the town of Red Hook, New York, praying
that pig lead be admitted free of duty; -which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Hornellsville, New York, praying that pig lead
be admitted free of duty ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Atlanta, Georgia, praying that pig lead he
admitted free of duty ; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Wil-
liam A. Griffin, late superintendent of the
national cemetery at Andersonville, Georgia,
praying to be reimbursed for expenses incurred
and losses sustained while in charge of that
cemetery; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of book-
sellers, manufacturers of books, and music
printers, &c., remonstrating against the pas-
sage of an international law, and praying that
a specific duty be levied on foreign books not
copyrighted; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
He also presented a memorial of workers
in lumber, citizens of Clearfield county,
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against a change
of the existing tariff laws abating the duties
on such articles as are successfully produced
in this country; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of workers
in bituminous coal mines, citizens of Clear-
field county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against a change of existing tariff laws abat-
ing the duties on such articles as are success-
fully produced in this country; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of citizens
of Centre and Clearfield counties, Pennsylva-
nia, remonstrating against a change of the
existing tariff laws abating the duties oil such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Andrew
Crehan and others, citizens of Pennsylvania,
late soldiers of the Army of the United States,
praying for the passage of an act granting a
bounty of $8 83^ a month to all honorably
discharged soldiers and sailors for the entire
time served, and for an amendment to the
twenty-fifth section of the act approved July
15, 1870, so as to. permit soldiers or sailors to
enter the amount of land therein allowed with-
out the requirements of settlement and cultiva-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of A. Red-
field and others, citizens of Pennsylvania,
