1108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Februar}^ 19,
praying that a bounty of $8 33J per month be
granted to all soldiers, seamen, and marines
who served in the late war for the suppression
of the rebellion; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented a petition of R. B- Ewing
and others, citizens of the United States, ask-
ing for a prohibition of the manufacture, im-
portation, and sale of all intoxicating liquors
to bo used as a beverage; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judieiary.
Mr. WRIGHT. I present a petition of
booksellers, stationers, printers, &c., of Oska-
loosa, Iowa, asking a modification of the laws
as to stamped envelopes. I believe a bill lias
been reported involving that question* and I
move that the petition lie oil the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WltlGHT presented the .memorial of
R. M. Lane and others, residents of Black
Hawk county, Iowa, remonstrating against an
extension of the patent of the Haines Illinois
harvester; which was referred to the Commit-
tee 011 Patents.
He also presented a memorial of J. Hart
and others, citizens of Iowa, remonstrating
against an extension of the patent of the Haines
Illinois liarves.ier; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
He also presented the memorial of William
Klein and others, citizens of the county of
Black Hawk, Iowa, remonstrating against an
extension of the patent of the Haines Illi-
nois harvester; which was refeired to the
Cuinmiitec on Patents.
He also presented a memorial of W. H.
Stevens and others, residents of the countyof
Black Hawk. Iowa, remonstrating against an
extension of the patent of the Haines Illi-
nois harvester: which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. 0S150RN presented the petition of the
officers and directors ot' the Southern Inland
Navigation Company, asking aid in the con-
struciion of a canal through the peninsula of
Florida ; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lauds.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
Samuel \). J. Moore, of Tuscaloosa county,
Alabama, (indorsed by members of the senate
of Alabama,) praying the removal of his polit-
ical disabilities; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of E. J.
Woolum, of Alabama, praying the enactment
of a law for his relief, to pay for certain mail
service performed from June I to November
1, 1805, under military orders and contract;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr, WINDOW presented the petition of H.
L. Mills and forty-five others, citizens of Min-
nesota, late soldiers of the United States Army,
praying for the passage of a bill equalizing the
bounties of Union soldiers in the late war;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
He also presented the petition of George
Wells, Charles A. Drew, and (ifty others, citi-
zens of Minnesota, late soldiers of the United
Slates Army, praying an equalization of boun-
ties ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military All airs.
He also presented the petition of Henry P.
Gross, Chancey Case, and forty others, citizens
of .Minnesota, late officers and soldiers of the
United Stat"S Army, praying an equalization
of bounties; which was referred to the Com-
mi tree on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Captain E.
L. Kenny, VV. L. Briley, and thirty five others,
cifizeus of Minnesota, latesoldiers of the Uni-
ted States Army, praying an equalization of
bounties; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. WEST presented a petition of Mrs.
Clarissa Bishop, praying to be indemnified for
property taken for the use of the United States
Army; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. LOGAN presented the memorial of
John M. .Palmer, Governor of Illinois, Con-
rad Baker, Governor of Indiana, and R. B.
Hayes, Governor of Ohio, praying payment
of two fifths of the five per cent, received into
the national Treasury from the proceeds of the
public lands sold in those States; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution passed by a
meeting of a large number of influential citi-
zens of Chicago, praying for the passage of
the bill for the relief of sufferers by the Chi-
cago fire; which was"ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. CAMERON presented the memorial of
workers in iron, miners of ore, and mechanics,
citizens of Danville, Montour county, Penn-
sylvania, remonstrating against a change of
the existing tariff laws abating or abolishing
duties upon such articles as are successfully
produced in this country ; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. VICKEKS presented the memorial of
the Dismal Swamp Canal Company, for aid
for the repair and completion ot their work;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. KELLOGG presented a petition numer-
ously signed by planters of different parishes
in Louisiana, protesting against the repeal of
the tariff duty on rice ; which Was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of the mayor
and administrators of New Orleans, Louisiana,
and other prominent citizens of that city, pray-
ingthe passage of the sujjplementary civil rights
bill; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. COLE presented the petition of Jerome
B. Woodruff, prajing an extension of certain
letters-patent granted to him July 3 and 10,
1855, and December 23, 1856, and numbered
13195.18242, and 10321; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
L. J. Hissorig, of Ohio, praying compensa-
tion for services as captain of volunteers from
April 19 to August 1,18G3; which was referted
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Michigan, praying an appropria-
tion to establish a light on Poverty Island, at
tho entrance of Green bay ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, praying the substitution of a red
light for a white one at Sand Point; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of masters and
owners of vessels, praying that the fixed
light at Point aux Barques, on the west shore
of Lake Huron, be changed to a flash light;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, praying an appropriation
for a light house to be located at or near
the mouth of Thunderbay river, Lake Huron ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
He also presented the petition of C. D,
Jewell, publisher of the Escanaba Tribune,
of the county of Delta, Michigan, praying for
the passage of an act that persons known .as
dealers in newspapers and periodicals may
receive by mail such quantities as they may
require, in bulk, whether wholly or in part
printed, and pay the postage thereon, as re-
ceived, at the same rates pro rata as regu-
lar subscribers to publications weighing four
ounces, who pay quarterly in advance; which
was referred to the Committee oil Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I present the memorial
of the Board of Trade of the city'of Burling-
ton, Vermont, on the subject of the lumber
duty. As it is extremely brief, and can be
read quicker than I can state its contents, I
ask to have it read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
The following preamble and resolutions were
adopted at a special meeting of tho Burlington
Board of Trade, held in the eityof Burlington, V er-
mont, on tho 10th day of February, 1872:
Whereas the lumber trade is one of the great
sources of prosperity-to the United States, and any
change in the revenue laws of the United States that
tends to relieve the importation < f lumber of bur-
dens will directly bea benefit to tbe consumers gen-
erally; and whereas we believe that the (jovern-
ment of the United States should offer a bounty for
the importation ot lumber rather than subject it to
a duty, and thereby encourage the protection and
growth of our own timber; and whereas the lumber
dealers are very generally making an e fib it to have
the Congress of the United States modiiy or reduce
the duties on lumber; Therefore.
Jiesolved, That the Board of Trade of the city of
Burlington cordially indorse such eirort, and re-
spectlully petition and request Congress that if in
itsjudgment the revenue of the countty will admit
of such modification or reduction, that the prayers
of tbe lumber interest may be granted.
Resolved, That these resolutions be signed by tbe
president and secrettny of this board, and that the
secretary forward the same to Washington, to be
laid before the Congress of the United Suites.
LEVI UNDERWOOD,
President.
AyiLLIAM H. ROOT,
Secretary Burlington Jioard oj Trade,
jtturlint/tuii, Vermont,
Mr. EDMUND3. I move that the paper be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented a peti-
tion of citizens of New York and New Jersey,
praying for an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the channel of the Kill von Kull and
Staten Island sound; which was refeired to
the Committee on Commeice.
Mr. CALDWELL presented the petition of
Mrs. Gabiiella P. Moody, piaying that she be
allowed a pension; which was reterred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Mrs. Mary
Ann McFailand, praying that she be allowed a
pension ; which was reterred to the Committee
Oil Pensions.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of the passage of the
bill for the payment of losses sustained by the
people of the Teiritory of Kansas from the
action of the territorial officials in the years
1855 and 1856; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of
John Potts, etiief eierk of the War Depart-
ment, praying compensation for services ren-
dered as disbursing officer of the War Depart-
ment; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. CARPENTER presented the petition
of J. S. Vincent and one hundred and eighty-
five others, settlers upon tbe Cherokee neutral
lands, in Cherokee county, Kansas, piaymg
for the passage of Senate bill No. 558, for ihe
relief of actual settlers upon the Cherokee
neutral lands in Kansas; which was referred
to the Committee on the J udiciary.
He also presented the memorial of the
county officers of Crawford county, Kansas,
praying for the passage of Senate bill No. 558,
for the relief of actual settlers on the Cherokee
neunal lands ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROy prebented a resolution of
the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of the pas-
sage ot the bill for the payment of losses sus-
tained by the people of the Territory of Kan-
sas from the action of the territorial officials
in the years 1855 and 185G ; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition ot J. B, & C. W. Hall, publishers of
the Monitor, of Cumberland county, Mame,
praying for an amendment of the postal laws
so that persons known as regular dealers m
newspapers and periodicals may receive by
mail such quantities of either as they may re-
quire, in bulk, whether wholly orin part printed,
and pay postage thereon, as received, at the
