2004:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
March 27,
but will become the seeds, I think, of culture
and refinement to oar people, a thing that is
always needed most by the youDgest nations.
I trust the amendment may be adopted, and
that when persons returning from a long tour
of travel shall bring with them these souvenirs
of the pleasant and happy days, which are
only too rare in this life, they may be suffered
to have them brought into their families with-
out being disturbed in their original packages
and without the payment of duty.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not see why articles
of statuary should be admitted free of duty.
They are articles of luxury made abroad. The
duty now is but ten per cent., and certainly
we should not be too ready to repeal duties on
works of this kind when we have to maintain
duties on the ordinary necessaries of life.
Besides, it is considered a great injustice to
our own artists. We have now among us some
of the most eminent artists of the world. They
are employed in this country not only as paint-
ers and sculptors, but in various forms of
art. They have always insisted upon this
ten per cent, as a discrimination in their favor.
It seems to me it will do injustice to them to
strike it off. Those who travel abroad and
pick up works of art are able to pay the duty.
The amount is very low, although the revenue
derived is considerable. I trust, therefore,
the Senate will not put upon the free list these
articles, because, first, it will interfere with
domestic artists who produce similar works,
and in the next place it will surrender a small
revenue collected from those wlio are beat
able to pay.
Mr. BAYARD. I confess that I offered this
amendment not so much in the interest of
trade and revenue as in the interest of some-
thing that 1 thought should be equally consid-
ered—art and culture. The class of persons
to whom this amendment would be beneficial
are those who know but little of trade, and
who are not accustomed to the difficulty
of passing articles subject to duty through the
custom-house. It is a very serious embarrass-
ment for our private citizens to have to en-
counter customs duties and enter goods under
valuation at our custom-houses. The rate of
duty on such articles as these is not very easily
ascertained; and very frequently the subject
being a matter of taste altogether has its value
only in the eye of the beholder, or from some
association connected with it, as a souvenir
of travel.
Besides that, while I fully appreciate the
excellence of American art, I still believe it
can be improved; and by the introduction
more freely of works of art from those coun-
tries where art has been cultivated to a greater
and a higher extent than here, perhaps the seed
may be sown for future improvement. I do
not think there is any suggestion of discrim-
ination against native artists, but it simply
provides this opportunity of bringing into the
country objects that might elevate the taste
of our people, and bringing them in free from
duty and tree from the embarrassment of
importation which ordinary travelers under-
stand very littlo about. It is for that reason
that I would desire to see these subjects
embraced within the free list.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. When they
are made by American artists abroad they
now come in free, and it seems to me that if
we are to allow anybody to bring in anything
free, it should be that class of people who are
only able to buy the common necessaries of
life, rather than those who can afford to pro-
cure these expensive articles of luxury.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
oa the amendment of the Senator from Dela-
ware to the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SCOTT. This will now be the first
vote, I understand, upon the amendments
agreed to in Committee of the Whole—the
vote upon the free list.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first vote
was upon the Senator's own amendment, fix-
ing the 1st of July as the day when the repeal
of the tea and coffee duties should take effect.
The next vote now is on thefree list.
Mr. SCOTT. This will be the first vote on
any subject outside of the tea and coffee duties.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire, before we take that
vote, once again to call the attention of the
Senate to the position in which the bill is
placed, for I deem it the vital point of doing
anything in this bill. The argument has been
made several times that this bill as amended
here will not encounter any objection in the
House of Representatives, for the reason that
it is a bill which only reduces duties, that it
does not in any instance increase duties, that
in one part of it it puts articles on the free
list and in another it reduces duties; the second
section as it is now incorporated in this bill
reduces duties. But I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact that that section
will meet with the same constitutional objec-
tion in the House of Representatives as the
increase of duties, for this reason: their objec-
tion is not that we may not originate a bill
which reduces the rates of duties, but that we
may not originate a bill which affects the rev-
enue at all. As all will remember, when the
bill which repealed the income tax went to
the House of Representatives, that was sim-
ply a bill repealing a tax, but the ground
taken there in the conference committee was
that the Senate had no right to originate a bill
which in any manner affected the revenue.
This question has been argued as if the sense
of the constitutional provision in reference to
raising revenue was increasing revenue or rais-
ing a larger revenue than the law previously
raised. That is not the sense in which the
House of Representatives view it. They do
not view it in the sense that the word "rais-
ing" means "producing," but simply in the
sense of its affecting the revenue. The sense
which the Senate takes of it is that we have
the power to originate a bill which repeals
duties. But in the true sense of the interpret-
ation of the Constitution I hold that we have
no more right to originate a bill which reduces
the rates of duty and still puts revenue in the
Treasury, than we have one which increases
the rates of duty. We may repeal a duty, but
we may not originate a bill which undertakes
to deal with duties which still do put money
in the Treasury, the reason of the rule being
wherever a tax is to be levied from the peo-
ple the origination of that tax must come from
their immediate Representatives.
Now, then, what I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to is this: that if you continue
that second section in the bill it will meet with
the same constitutional objection in the House
of Representatives that it would if the section
were to raise the revenue. And I now wish
to appeal to the Senate to get back to the
ground on which we started, as we are back in
the Senate; to reject all these amendments
and pass the bill -repealing the duties on tea
and coffee, for I am satisfied it is the only
practical measure that will come out of this,
and we endanger that by incumbering it with
any of these amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the point is now to
be raised that the Senate of the United States
have no power to amend a bill repealing the
duties on tea and coffee by adding any other
items to be repealed, I shall begin, for one,
to contend for the power of the Senate. I
would not allow the point to be made now that
-we have no right to amend a revenue bill. We
surrender a constitutional power when we do
that. If the House of Representatives say
that they will not vote for anything except
what relates to tea and coffee, and we surren-
der to that claim, we dg what my honorable
friend from Pennsylvania said he never would
do on the occasion of the contest between the
Senate and House of Representatives a year
ago. No, sir, we have the power to propose
amendments. This is a bill sent to us by the
House of Representatives. If it is a revenue
bill of course we have the power to amend it.
If it is not a revenue bill, as was claimed at
the last session, we still have the power to
amend it in any event.
Mr. SCOTT. Will my friend from Ohio
permit me to say that I am not raising that
question? I am presenting it as a practical
question, for he knows the views I entertain,
and he knows the views the House entertain.
I do not raise the question, but I submit that
it will be raised there.
Mr. SHERMAN. I venture to say that
not a single member of the House would ob-
ject to the enlargement of the free list, when
they have put two articles on the free list and
we simply propose to put other articles on the
free list. 1 do not know of a single member of
the House who denies our power to do it. They
do deny our power to raise taxes upon a bill
of this kind, to add new taxes to a bill of this
kind, but our power to add to their free list
they do not deny, and I believe that the pas-
sage of this free list will strengthen the bill.
There are a good many members of the House
of Representatives a3 well as a good many
Senators, who doubt the propriety of repeal-
ing the purely revenue duties on tea and
coffee, more than show it by their votes. We
add to their bill this free list. Now, there
can be no doubt that what the Senator from
Pennsylvania is seeking to prevent us from
doing is the adoption of the ten per cent,
reduction. But, sir, how can we go before our
constituents over this broad couutry refusing
to reduce these protective duties in the slight-
est degree, when we have repealed all the
internal taxes which gave rise to them, when
we have given the manufacturers their raw
materials free? Under these circumstances,
how can we stand up before the great con-
sumers of the country?
While I am a protective tariff man, as much
as any one, in principle, and desire to see our
manufacturing interests maintained in all the
diversified branches of industry, yet I do not
think we ought to maintain the highest war
rates of duty upon all the protected articles when
we have relieved them from the necessity of
paying duties on any raw material and have
relieved them from paying internal taxes.
Having done that, I do think we ought to make
this reasonable reduction. That is the point
my honorable friend from Pennsylvania fears.
It is not the free list; he is as much in favor
of that as anyone; but he seeks to pass this
tea and coffee bill naked. If that is done, we
shall have no further reduction of duties during
this session of Congress.
Mr. SCOTT. Why not ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I need not go into that
discussion. My honorable friend from Penn-
sylvania knows why not. A controversy will
at once arise that will prevent the passage of
any other tariff bill. Put tea and coffee 011
the free list, and there is an end of all revenue
reduction of the t-ariff laws at this session. I
do notthinkitoughttobetheend. I think the
bill reported from the Committee on Finance,
with the sanction of my honorable friend, con-
tains in it just about a fair solution of this tariff
question, and that the amendment which has
been made putting tea and coffee on the free
list, made for divers motives and divers objects,
has embarrassed this whole question, and lias
prevented us from doing what our own delib-
erate judgment would leadustodo. I believe
that any seven members of the Senate put into
the Committee on Finance and required to
report to the Senate what would give the
greatest relief to the people of the United
States within any limit, say twenty millions
or twenty-five millions, "would come to sub-
