2900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
These statues, beautiful in design and work-
manship, representing these illustrious char-
acters, have been placed in the old Hall of the
House of Representatives, and are appropri-
ately located by the side of the marble effigy
of the great Washington, and that Chamber,
rich in precious memories, is already conse-
crated anew by their presence.
Here the illustrious dead speak to the
living, and hereafter the forum which was
filled but yesterday with the eloquent utter-
ances of the great statesmen that have passed
away is to witness in their stead the silent
assemblage here gathering from all the States
of this Republic. These, who in their lives
have made its annals illustrious, will by their
presence inspire our patriotism and animate
us by their example. The Commonwealth
since its first settlement as a colony, two cen-
turies and a half ago, in every period of its
history presented an ample field for selection.
Here were the early founders of the State,
the statesmen, the divines, and the military
heroes of the Indian and French wars.
Looking back to the first settlement of the
colony, there were Haynes, the first Gov-
ernor, and Hopkins and Winthrop, Ludlow
and Hooker, men of powerful and cultivated
minds, originating and constructing the first
written constitution in the New World; the
pattern for all that, followed and the type of
the Federal Constitution itself. Then came
the revolutionary period with a multitude of
illustrious names in civil and military life.
There were Trumbull and Sherman, and. Ells-
worth and Huntington, and Putnam and War-
ner, and Silliman and Wooster, and Knowl-
ton, the memory of all of whom is held in
affectionate veneration by the people. The
selection of Trumbull and Sherman from a
list so crowded with names that challenge the
grateful admiration of every son of Connec-
ticut is no common honor.
Jonathan Trumbull was born in Lebanon,
Connecticut, on the 12th of October, 1710.
His advantages for acquiring an education were
all that could be desired, and at the age ot
thirteen he entered Harvard College and grad
uated in 1727. "By his college-mates," says
his biographer, -'he was universally beloved.
The great solidness and sincerity of his con-
ductparticularly attracted respect." Soon after
he attained his mujmity he became prominent
in the politics of the colony, and his counsels
were highly prized. In 1783, at the age of
twenty-tin ee, he was elected by his fellow-cit-
izens of Lebanon to represent them in the Gen-
eral Assembly,. He was chosen to fill the same
office for several years in succession, and was
three times chosen speaker. It was a success
rarely attained in those days that any one at
the age of twenty-nine should be called to pre-
side over such a body.
From 1740 to 1750, Trumbull, by a vote of
the people, held the office of assistant. For
four years he was judge of the county court.
During this time he was actively engaged in
business as a merchant. He sent his own ships
to the West Indies, and to London and Liver-
pool. The difficulties that arose between Eng-
land and Spain m 1730, and between England
and France in 1744, which continued until the
peace of Aix-la Chapelle, threatened the com-
mercial interests of the colonies. During all
this period Trumbull was constantly engaged
in raising and equipping troops, and in other
active military service.
In 1756, and again in 1758, he received the
appointment of colonial agent to Great Britain,
and as a merchant extensively engaged in
foreign trade with London and Liverpool, and
with Amsterdam and Hamburg, and in avaried
public service, his lite was one of ceaseless
activity and labor. " So that," says his biog-
rapher, "with the thirty-seven years that
elapsed from 1733 to 1770^-covering thus far
the whole sphere of his public life—Trumbull
seven times represented his native town as
deputy in the General Assembly of Connec-
ticut, during three of which he occupied the
honorable post of speaker of the house ; was
chosen assistant fffr twenty two years; was
chosen for one year aside judge, and for seven-
teen years chief judge of the county court of
Windham, and for nineteen years judge of pro-
bate for the same district; was twice made
justice of the peace, was once elected an assist-
ant judge, and thrice chief justice of the
superior courts of the colony, and twice its
Deputy Governor," and in 1769 he was elected
Governor of Connecticut, and continued in
that, position until within two years of his death.
When the stamp act was about to be put in
execution in Connecticut, Governor Fitch
assembled his council. Trumbull and a major-
ity of his associates remonstrated with great
earnestness. They said :
"It is in violation of your provincial oath! By
the dreadful name of God you have sworn to labor
for the good of this colony, and you are now prepar-
ing to labor for its ruin."
From the first he maintained that the en-
croachments of the Crown would hasten sep-
aration, and he made active preparation to
defend the rights of the colony. It mfiy be
claimed unquestionably that no one among
the leading men in ihe colonies saw the ten-
dency of events more clearly than Trumbull,
or was more decided in defending their rights.
From the breaking out of hostilities to the
close of the war there was no man in civil life
upon whom Washington more fully relied tor
aid in every emergency.
On his suggestion the colony was constantly
engaged in the manufacture of clothing, arms,
powder, and other munitions of war. No col-
ony furnished so much of this material for Ihe
Army as Connecticut. His administrative
ability was equally manifest in recruiting.
Connecticut, with its limited population, fur-
nished more men for the different campaigns
than any State except Massachusetts, and,
counting the aggregate length of service,
equaled Massachusetts. At no time during
the Revolution could Connecticut number more,
than forty thousand fighting men, yet she put
thirty-one thousand nine hundred and fifty-
nine in the field. Her population was but
eight per cent, of the entire population of the
colonies, but she furnished more than four-
teen per cent, of the continental troops. Im-
mediately after the British were forced from
Boston, Putnam was ordered by Washington
to the command in New York. It was a time
of great anxiety, and Trumbull thus exhorted
the young men:
"Join yourselves to some one of the companies of
militia now ordered to New York, or form your-
selves into distinct companies and choose captains
forthwith. March on. This shall be your wariant:
play the man for Sod and the cities of our God
May the Lord of hosts, the God of the armies of
Israel, be your leader."
And llis appeal was never unheeded.
Perhaps no more just estimate of this re-
markable man has ever been made or more
fittingly expressed than by Dr. Bushtiell. He
i, "Me yjLS ono °f those patient, true-minded men
that hold an even hand of authority in stormy times,
and suffer nothing to fall out of place, either by ex-
cess or defect of serving; to whom Washington could
say, 'I cannot sufficiently express my thanks, not
only lor your constant and ready compliance with
every request of mine, but for your prudent forecast
in ordering matters so that your force has been col-
lected and put in motion as soon as it has been
demanded.
Neither let us forget in this connection what ap-
pears to besumciently authenticated, that our Trum-
bull is no other than the world-renowned Brother
Jonathan, accepted as the soubriquet of the United
States of America. Our Trumbull was to Washing-
ton what the Scripture Jonathan was to David a
true friend, a counselor, and stay of confidence-
Washington's brother."
And this mutual confidence between Wash-
ington and Trumbull continued to the close
of the war, so that the biographer of Washing-
ton truly says:
" Washington relied on him as one of his main
pillars of support, and that he was always foremost
in vigorous action, as well as in zeal and uubhe
spirit."
During his public life, and especially during
the Revolution, his influence was controlling.
His WAS the great organizing force in th-e col-
ony, and he inspired all the people with a.
grand measure of patriotism, and with faith
and zeal that were unconquerable. In private
life he was a model—a model in integrity,
public spirit, and generous charities. He
fostered common schools for t.he^general edu-
cation of the people, and the building of
churches with a faithful, educated ministry;
and he has left the sanction of his great name
and example to_ every good work. To-day,
everywhere within the limits of our Common-
wealth, the memory of Jonathan Trumbull is
revered only second to the memory of Wash-
ington.
In the brief time I am to occupy it is im-
possible to do justice to a character whose
life fills so large a space in history. His ser-
vices are his best and most enduring memorial.
On the 17th of August, 1793, at the age of
seventy-five years, in his own home and sur-
rounded by his kindred, holding with a strong
grasp the Christian l'auh which in his life he
had so well illustrated, he closed his earthly
labor. Near the old family mansion and the
" War Office" where Washington and La Fay-
ette came to hold consultation with him in the
most trying days of the Revolution ; near the
village church where gathered the patriots on
the first call to arms, and where under his in-
spiration in a day a full company of men from
thatneighborhood wasraised, armed, equipped,
and sent forward to support Putnam at the
battle of Bunker Hill; in sight of the fields on
the old homestead that he tilled, crowned
with the "cedars of Lebanon," his honored
dust reposes. No costly monument is raised
to his memory, but he lives immortal in a
nation's grateful honor.
Mr. Speaker, in considering the character
of Roger Sherman, I shall not attempt to
enumerate in detail the events of his life, for
that would require a history of the principal
events of the revolutionary period. He was
born at Newton, Massachusetts, on the 19th
of April, 1721. During bis boyhood he en-
joyed no advantages for acquiring an education
except such as the common school afforded.
His father died when he was nineteen years
of age, and the family being in moderate cir-
cumstances, he was apprenticed to a shoe-
maker. The story of his eager pursuit of
knowledge is familiar to the school boys of
this generation, and need not be repeated.
In 1743 his widowed mother and family re-
moved to New Milford, in Connecticut, and
Sherman made the journey on foot, carrying
the tools of his trade with him. And here,
while at work on his bench, he kept a book
for study constantly before him. He soon
became well read in history and made himself
master of mathematics.
He made the mathematical calculations for
an almanac known as " Roger Sherman's Al-
manac," which was published several years
in New York. By untiring application he ac-
quired a thorough knowledge of the law, and
at the age of thirty-three was admitted to the
bar. The next year he was chosen a repre-
sentative to the General Assembly.
In 1761 he removed to New Haven, and the
apprenticed shoemaker became ihe treasurer
ot Yale College, and in 1765 received an hon-
orary degree. The great events of the Revo-
lution were impending, great principles were
discussed, and Sherman soon became the fore-
most leader in the politics of the colony. Very
few ot the leading men seemed at first to com-
prehend the vital points in the controversy.
I o Sherman s logic the whole subject, with all
its difficulties, was an open, well-tiaveled road.
He demonstrated that the Parliament of Great
Britain was not vested with the light of legis-
lation for the colonies. Some of the ablest
patriots stumbled here and would have con-
ceded the es>ential point in dispute. 'Ihis is
well illustrated by a quotation from the diary
