160
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 22,
Ho. op Reps.
Public Finances—Mr. Dawes.
4 2d Cong 2d Sess.
they are the sorest? Will a single member of it
tarnish itsancientglory and renown and weaken
the faith of the people in irs justice by being
found in the ranks of theii direst foes ? This
is said not to be a party question now. The
record of the Democracy on this subject has
always been consistent and undeviating, and I
have been gratified to see Liberal Republicans
in this House standing with Democrats and
fighting the battles of the people. Yet the
President of the United States, while pretend-
ing to be the fiiend of the people and of re-
trenchment, bids us beware and approach the
interest of the monopolists (the industries)
cautiously. Some of the heads of Departments
tender gratuitously the same admonitions;
and iu the consideration of this subject eke-
where, a distinguished leader in the Repub-
lican party, admittingthe enormity of taxation,
is nevertheless so tender of the interest of ihe
industries, manufactures, that he will not con-
sent to the relief of the people at once, but a
day must be set ahead long enough to allow
the robbers to prepare for the change; but in
this House we have the power to perform this
high, holy duty,' and will we do it like faith-
ful, honest Representatives, or will we permit
the few friends of protection to overcome us?
For one, 1 do not intend to be satisfied with
less than ray figures demand.
Despairing of any relief by a generai re-
duction on all articles taxed and consumed by
the people, I have pursued the idea recom-
mended to the traditionary Irishman on his
visit to Donnybrook fair, " Wherever you see
a bead hit it." I have voted to abolish the
tax on coal and salt, on coffee and tea, and
will continue to "hit at every tariff head"
that presents itself. This the distinguished
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means promised us some time ago he would
do. Several heads have been presented which
he failed to hit.
Freedom of trade is a Bible-taught doctrine;
it was taught by Solomon when he " sat on
the throne ofi-the Lord as king instead of David,
his father, and prospered, and all Israel obeyed
him." In 2 Chronicles, chapter two, weread:
" And Solomon sent to Haram, the king of Tyre,
saying," * * * * "iSend me now, there-
fore, a man cunning to work in gold, [a, skilled
iaborer,] and in silver, and in brass, and in iron,
and in purple, and crimson, and biue, and that can
skill to grave with the cunning men that are with
me." * * * * "Send me also cedai-tree^,
iir-trees, and algum-trees outof Lebanon." * *
v * "And, behold, I will give 10 toy servants,
the hewets that cut timber, twenty thousand meas-
ures of beaten wheat, and twenty thousand measures
ot barley, <ind tweutv thousand baths of wine, and
tweaiy thousand baths of oil."
And Haram answered ill writing and agreed
to send the skilled mechanic, and said:
" Now therefore the wheat, and thebarley, the oil,
and the wine, which uiylordbath hpokenof, let him
send unto hi^ servants; and we will cut wood outof
Lebanon,as much as thou shalt need; and we will
bring it to thee in floats by sea to Joppa," <fcc.
Here was a free, fair exchange of products
without any restrictions, without any tariff.
Representatives of the farmers and mechan-
ics ot the South, Southwest, and great North-
west, your constituents have no iron-furnaces,
looms, or other manufactures to protect; and
will you longer submit and consent to the vas-
salage in which they are held ? Will you per-
mit the rapacity and selfishness of the few to
die.ate and enforce these wrongs? Chicago,
siiUiigimg to rebuild her burnt district, came
here and pleaded lor assistance. Her sufferings
moved you to deeds of profligacy. You gave
her $4,000,000, and gave her iron and other
building materials ftee. Now, in the name
ot the suffeiing millions of sons and daughters
of toil and of poverty, I appeal to you to lift
the heavy hand ot' taxation and give them
your sympathies. Theirfruga! habits have been
pushed to the extreme of self-denial.
The petitions of the people that have cov-
ered almost every gentleman's desk are full of
meaning. Thank God, the people are rising
and demanding a cessation of their wrongs.
They are uprising and rallying: from the farms
and the workshops the mighty hosts are gath-
ering. They demand honesty and economy,
justice and equality, and will hurl their irre-
sistible columns upon the battle front of the
oppressors of labor and the foes of freedom,
wherever found. God speed the day when
all the doors of commerce shall be thrown
open, and all its shackles knocked off. and
all the nations of the earth invited to come
into our ports, to bring to our markets their
manufactures free of taxation and bid against
each other for our products. Whoever lives
to see that day will see prosperity spread
from border to -border; will see a happy,
contented, thrifty people ; silver dollars will
again jingle in the poor man's po«jket, and
you will see a people full of love and patri-
otic devotion to their Government that thus
secures equality and justice to all its citizens.
Public Finances.
SPEECH OF HON. H. L. DAWES,
OP MASSACHUSETTS,
In the House op Representatives,
March 22, 1372,
In relation to the public finances.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, on the 8th
day of the present month, at the suggestion
of the committee which I represent, I felt it
my duty to call the attention of the House to
the frequent and large appropriations outside
of the regular estimates which had already
passed the House. These appropriations had,
in the aggregate, amounted to so large a sum
that, taken with the regular estimates of the
expenditures on the one side and with the
large encroachments upon the revenues by
repeal bills on the other, there was presented
altogether a balance-sheet of receipts and
expenditures for the next fiscal year not very
flattering. The object of the speech was to
call the attention of the House to the large
aggregate of expenditures which the House
itself had thus mnde on the one side, and
at the same time the great inroad upon the
receipts which by bills passed by the Iloube
they had already made, and to ra-ike it plain
that it' these bills should become the law they
must rely upon a large increase of the reve-
nues beyond the estimates of the Secretary
of the Treasury for any margin upon which
they could further reduce the revenue by
amendments of the tariff.
X notice m the Globe of Saturday last what
purpons to be a speech from the distinguished
chairman of the Committee of Finance in the
Senate, opening the discussion upon the tariff
bill there under consideration. The speech
as there reported is one of marked ability and
excellent temper, so exhaustive in argument
and so admirable in statement that I have
nothing to say except in commendation. I
refer to it only because in the course of it he
found occasion, though not necessary to the
line of his argument, to allude to the remarks
made by me in the House of which I have
just spoken. He correctly interpreted the
ooject of those remarks " as a caution to the
House against a too extravagant expenditure
of the public money,'' but, nevertheless, very
much impaired the weight of that caution by
criticising the figures which gave it any claim
to consideration. It is for the purpose simply
of showing that this criticism of those figures
is unfounded, and that a careful review of them,
instead of showing that the fears expressed
are groundless, will make it clear that the
occasion for them is more and more apparent
every day, that I trouble the House at this
time with any remarks upon this criticism.
The balance-sheet which 1 at that time pre-
sented to the House consisted on the one side
of the estimates of expenditures for the coming
year furnished by the Secretary of the Treas
ury, together with an item of omission from
that estimate, and such additions as the House
had already made by bills which had passed
this body; and. on the other side, of the esti-
mates of receipts for the coming year, also
furnished by the Secretary, diminished by such
amounts as the House itself had by like hills,
so far as they were concerned, repealed or
diverted to some other purpose. My remarks
were addressed to the House and to the con-
dition in which the House had placed this
balance-sheet. The speech which I find ia
the Globe from the chairman of the Committee
of Finance first criticises the estimates of ex-
penditures furnished us by the Secretary him-
self for the coming year, and pronounces that
estimate altogether too large and unreliable.
It is a sufficient answer to all that was said
by him in reference to these estimates to tay
that, in his own balance-sheet which he subse-
quently makes out, he takes the precise esti-
mates of the Secretary which he charged to be
unreliable in my hands, as the basis of his own
estimates of expenditures in the precise figures
I used, even to the odd cents. If, therefore,
the $273,025,773 99, which the Secretary esti-
mates as the expenditures for the coming year
was altogether too large and unreliable when
found in my balance-sheet, that precise sum
used by the Senator in his own balance was
alike unreliable there. Whatever criticism
of my use of it is just, lies with equal force
against his own.
The first item which I added to these esti-
mates was " an omission from estimates" of
31,500,000. The Senator is reported as say-
ing, " i can find none such." I will aid him
to find them. The estimates for the Indian
service were $5,445,617 97. The Indian bill
when it passed the House contained So,916,-
689 97, making $471,022 in that bill not in
the estimates. I have a statement furnished
me by the clerk of the Committee on Appro-
priations of omissions from those estimates
which the Department has asked for the In-
dian service alone amounting in the aggregate
to $1,955,264. Of this SI,087.212 was in-
cluded in the deficiency bill, leaving as yet to
be provided for $868,052. He has lurnished
me besides with ihe following items omitted
fiom the estimates:
Coast survey  §50,000
War Department, clothing for the Army  160,000
Forrutining the boundary line between Uni-
ted States and the Dominion  50.000
For the Tefauantepec canal route  2S.OJO
For wagon-roiul on Rook Ioland  100,000
For hfe-savmj* stations oil coast of Long
Island and New York  200,000
These several items of omission from the
estimates not included as yet m any bill
amount to $1,874,074. How many more are
outstanding 1 have not taken the pains to in-
quire, inasmuch as I have already shown the
Senator several hundred thousand more than
the amount stated in my speech.
The next item was the deficiency bill of
$6,200,000. The Senator thinks it is a suffi-
cient answer to that item lhat it is io be ex-
pended the presentyear. 1 reply that deficiency
bills come every year, and the uvetage of ihetn
is about the same. Last year, if 1 remember
right, the bill was a little larger than this. I
took this as a fair average. He gives no rea-
son to expect, nor does he even suggi-st that
next year we shall not have as large a deficiency
bill as this. I take this as a fair estimate of
deficiency, and 1 see no reason to change the
amount simply because this particular bill is
to be for the present year. I then added the
several items for public buildings iu bills
