1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
sergeant-at-arms and omit the testimony
of Mr. Gist himself, and of the physician
who attended his wife.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) Has the Senator from
Missouri the affidavit that he desires to have
read?
Mr. BLAIR. I desire that the report may
be read on that point. I think the Senator
from Pennsylvania has not stated correctly the
effect of the report of the deputy sergeant-at-
arms.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"James I. Christie sworn and examined.
" By the Chairman:
" Queition, (submitting a paper.) Bid you serve
that subpena on David Gist; and if so, when ?
"Answer. I did, at fifteen minutes past nine o'clock
on the 18th instant, Tuesday.
" Quevtiun, Did you serve it according to the
indorsement on the subpena?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I saw himat the depotthenext
morning just as we were coming away, and inquired
of him if he was going down. He replied in a very
defiant manner. 'No, I am not going.' X replied that
I had performed my duty, and that if he did not
appear he must suffer the consequences."
Mr. BLAIR,. It seems that all that passed
between the witness Gist and the deputy ser-
geant-at-arms was a conversation at the depot
the next morning when the deputy asked him
if he was going down, and says he replied in
a defiant manner that he was not. Mr. Gist
in his sworn affidavit, which I shall ask to have
read, states distinctly that his reason for not
going di>wn was that his wife was very ill and
that he feared to leave her, and the physician
in attendance upon his wife make*! the same
statement. Now, I ask the chairman of the
committee to send up to the desk the affidavit
of Mr. Gist, and also of his family physician,
and I ask to liave them read so that Senators
may see what his excuse was. I think this
thing of dragging people under arrest from a
distant State up here to answer for contempt
when they have an excuse as valid and as good
as the one offered by Mr. Gist is unreason-
able and unjust. I ask the Senator to give me
those affidavits.
Mr. SCOTT. When the Senator is through,
before the paper is submitted to be read, I
desire to make a brief statement to the Sen-
ate of the exact nature of the question.
Mr. BLAIR. I shall be very glad to hear it.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well; I shall do so,
taking the floor for that purpose only.
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. SCOTT. Now, Mr. President, 1 ask
the attention of the Senate to the position of
this witness before this paper is read. First,
the subpena was served upon him. Second,
the deputy sergeant-al-araia asked him, ''Will
you attend before the committee?" and he
answered '' No ! Iwiilnot.'' The third step
is, that that proceeding is brought before the
committee upon the testimony of the deputy
sergeant-at-arms, and upon that testimony
alone the committee directed the chairman to
report this resolution to the Senate, and at
the same time that, they directed the chairman
to report the resolution to the Senate, as will
appear by the journal of the committee, if it
is desired to be brought in here, notice was
directed to be sent, on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] to all the
witnesses who were directed to be reported,
this witness among the number. Thatwas
about the last of July. Upon the last of J uly,
then, in accordance with that direction, notice
was sent to that witness that the committee
had directed him to be reported to the Senate
and the chairman to ask for process to bring
him here. That notice was sent bv the clerk
of the committee in pursuance of that resolu-
tion.
The witness then had the opportunity, if he
intended to obey the subpena, to come here
and submit himi-elf to the examination; but
instead of coming and submitting himself to
tbe examination, as another witness at least
did, in pursuance of that notice, he sends an
affidavit of his physician, which is in respect-
ful language, and his own affidavit, which is
but a modified form of defamation of the com-
mittee, which appeared in the public news-
papers of South Carolina.
I submit that this witness, having had the
opportunity of appearing and answering, ought
not to be permitted to have his affidavit read
until he does come here and ask it. That will
be the proper time for the Senate to determine
whether they will hear this excuse or not. He
has been notified by subpena, notified of the
pendency of this resolution for his attachment,
and instead of coming now to answer and sub-
mit himself to the authority which subpenaed
him, he sends us an account of the existing
state of things in the month of July, instead
of sending us an answer why he does not come
at the present time. I submit that in this state
of the case the Senate ought not to hear the
affidavit of the witness until he appears him-
self.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to ask the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania whether
that subpena served upon the witness was
made returnable in Washington, or at some
point in South Carolina?
Mr. SCOTT. It was made returnable in
Columbia, South Carolina.
Mr. BAYARD. "Very well. Then ifitwas
made returnable in Columbia, South Carolina,
and the witness was never ordered to be present
at any other point than Columbia, South Caro-
lina, would it be reasonable to suppose that he
would make his way to Washington, when he
had been ordered to go to Columbia? He
never was ordered to go anywhere else than to
Columbia, and the committee soon adjourned
from that, place.
In July last this proposition was made for
his punishment for contempt, or that he should
be reported to the Senate in order that he
might be punished. I suggested that these
witnesses should all have notice of this proposed
action. He had notice that his case would be
presented to the Senate, but he never has had
notice or command to be present in the city
of Washington. If any witness when ordered
by subpena to come before the committee
shall not comply with it, I am in favor of
compelling him to comply with it and insisting
upon all the legitimate powers vested in the
committee; but I respeetfully submit to the
Senate that it would not be wise or just in this
body to punish a man for not complying and
coming to Washington when the terms of his
subpena ordered nim to attend at Columbia,
in a distant State.
This witness has never yet had any orders
to come to Washington. He never has been
summoned here. There has been no reason
why he should suppose that he ought, to come
here, because surely ha is not compelled at his
private expense to travel all the way from
South Carolina here, but should only come
under the command of a subpena, which will
justify him in having his costs taxed as a wit
ness. I think, therefore, the Senate should
certainly await the return of a subpena return-
able at Washington before they punish a man
for not coming here. If he had gone to Colum-
bia where he was ordered to report, that, it
seems, would have been useless, because the
committee had adjourned and gone from there.
I may say further that the Senate will shut
out from their minds a large and important
fact and piece of information in this case if
they refuse to hear al! that this man has said
and done before they act.. I repeat to the
Senate, if it was a case in which the subpena
had been made returnable at Washington and
there had been a defiance and disregard of
that subpena, the witness having been told to
come here and never obeying it, that would be
a different case. The Senate will observe that
the order to this man was to report himself at
Columbia. The committee adjourned from
Columbia, and he never has been called to
Washington, and yet it is proposed to punish
him now peremptorily for that.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, the chairman of the committee, has in
his possession two affidavits that were sent to
me, and by me laid before the committee. The
committee, upon those affidavits, did not excuse
this witness. Now, 1 wish to lay those affi-
davits before the Senate. I do not think the
Senate will pass upon this man's case without
hearing it, no matter how high the authority is
that seeks to have it done. I ask the Senator
from Pennsylvania, the chairman of the com-
mittee, who has in his hands the affidavits
which I placed on file with the committee, to
allow them to be sent to the table of the Sec-
retary, so that they may be read to the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 do not wish to withhold the
paper. The paper is here, and I will send it
to the table ; but I make the question whether
the Senate ought to hearit, whether they ought
not first to require the witness to come here.
Mr. BLAIR. I want the Senate to have the
opportunity of refusing it.
Mr. SCOTT. The paper is here, [handing
it to Mr. Blair. ]
Mr. BLAIR. I send now to the Secretary's
desk two affidavits, one of them by Mr. Gist,
the witness in this case, and another by his
family physician, and I ask that thev be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. "Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania object to the read-
ing of the paper?
Mr. SCOTT. I have objected to it for the
reasons that 1 have stated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing of the paper being called for and objected
to, the question must be decided by the Sen-
ate without debate.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire what the
precise question before the Senate is?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is whether certain papers which the Sen-
ator from Missouri asks to have read shall be
read. The Senator from Pennsylvania objects
to their reading.
Mr. BLAIR. The papers consist of an affi-
davit by the person who is sought to be brought
here, the recusant witness, and an affidavit, by
bis physician giving an excuse why be did not
attend when summoned in South Carolina. I
ask that this man may be heard by the Senate
before he is condemned; that is all.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the Senator
is this an explanation of some causes which
prevented his attendance?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir; that is precisely
what the patters consist, of.
Mr. SCOTT. I attempted to state to the
Senate—the Senator from New York was
evidently not in his seat when I did make the
statement  
Mr. CONKLING. I beg my honorable
friend's pardon; I was busy at the moment
and I did not hear him, as I wish 1 had done.
Mr. SCOTT. I have no desire at all to with-
hold from the Senate any reason which this
witness has to purge himself of the contempt,
but I have endeavored to show to the Senate
that he is not offering that reason. I have
endeavored to show to the Senate the same
state of things which often exists in a court,
where a witness commits a contempt, and
where the court will not permit him to be
heard after the contempt has been committed
until he appears.
This is the stale of the case : the witness was
subpenaed to come to the city of Columbia.
When asked by the deputy serjreaut-at arms
whether he would obey the subpena. lie said
he would not. The committee sat two days in
Columbia and four days in YorkviJle, in the
State of South Carolina. He made no appli-
cation to the committee t.0 excuse him. He
sent to them no reason for refusing to appear
before them. When the committee returned
to this city, before the whole committee the
testimony of the deputy sergeant-at-arms was
given, and a resolution was directed to be re-
ported to the Senate asking for this process
of attachment, and notice of that resolution
