1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
161
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Public Finances—Mr. Dawes.
Ho. os" Reps.
which had already passed the House, the first
of which was $4,000,000 for the buildings of
Chicago.
To this it .is deemed a sufficient reply, with-
out denying the fact that the House had added
this sum to the expenditures, " that our re-
ceipts have been increased more than twice
four million dollars in the destruction of duty-
paid goods in Chicago, and all the expend-
itures that will be incurred by the United States
in the rebuilding of buildings in Chicago is
more than balanced by the gain of duty to us
which must be supplied by the imports of
others." If that were a fact, and if it were
true that the destruction of $200,000,000 of
property in the city of Chicago did not impair
at all the ability of its citizens to consume for-
eign imports or to distribute them in exchange
for the products of the region about Chicago
heretofore supplied by them, nevertheless the
$4,000,000 would belong upon the side of pub-
lic expenditures, and the increase belongs
upon the side of the revenues, which I shall
consider hereafter. And there is no occasion,
therefore, to subtract this item from the aggre-
gate of expenditures.
The speech next alludes to the item of
"corporation tax to be refunded, $2,500,000,"
and replies, first, that the bill refunding it has
not yet become a law. True ; nor had any of
the other bills for the erection of public build-
ings except that of Chicago. Neither does
the Senator nor any one say that it is not a
sum that must be refunded. Indeed, it has
already passed the Senate. He says further
that it is to be taken out of the current receipts.
1 answer, first, that that depends upon the form
of the bill which finally becomes a law refund-
ing that tax; and secondly, that however paid,
in heieaftei collecting the revenues authorized
by law, that sum, which has entered into all the
Secretary's estimates, because under the ruling
of the Department it was deemed a lawful tax,
must be deducted from the estimate of the
revenues of the Government.
In addressing the House upon the aggregate
of bills which had passed this body, I called
its attention to the pension bill, which took
for the next year §10,664,685 from the Treas-
ury if it became a law. The only reply to that
was the expression of an opinion on the part
of the Senator that that bill would not pass
the Senate, an opinion in which I concurred
at the time the remarks to which he was reply-
ing were made, and which I still hope will be
true. But that is no answer to the House of
Representatives, who, so far as they were con-
cerned, had made it a law, and to whom my
remarks were addressed.
This, with the omissions from the estimates,
the deficiency bill, the bills for the public
buildings which had passed the House, the
corporation tax, the pension bill, and the
" Washington treaty," were all which I added
to the estimates of expenditures made by the
Secretary of the Treasury, and so far as the
House of Representatives, which I was ad-
dressing, was concerned, not one of these
items can be deducted. Not only that, sir,
but I did great injustice to the bill for public
buildings at St. Louis, which I put down at
§250,000, when in point of fact it contained
$'2,250,000, and the items which I thus added
to the Secretary's estimates may fairly and
properly be increased by this sum of $2,000,-
000. I, however, leave m this review this side
of the balance-sheet where I then left it, at
$299,600,458.
For the other side of the balance-sheet I
also took as the basis the Secretary's esti-
mates of the receipts for the coming year.
And first, his estimate of the receipts from
customs, namely, $212,000,000. From this I
deducted those sums which the House had,
by bills already passed, cut off, so far as they
were concerned, from the future revenues of
42c Cong. 2d Sess.—No..11.
the country, namely, the coal and salt bills,
and the tea and coffee bills, leaving that sum,
according to his estimates, thus diminished by
the House of Representatives, at $190,998,062.
To these I added, for receipts of internal rev-
enue, the receipts of last year, $144,011,176 24,
less the amount collected from articles now
exempt by law from the payment of internal
taxes; the $2,500,000 erroneously counted
upon as corporation income, and $12,000,000
for personal incomes, which expiring, by law,
with the 31st day of last December, could of
course furnish no revenue for the coming
year.
To the deduction of this item of $12,000,000.
for personal income the Senator objects that
one half of it only will be collected during the
present year, and the other half will lap over
into the next year, and should therefore go
into the estimates of the revenue for the com-
ing year. I was talking of the sources of rev-
enue under existing law, and this law having
expired there could not be thereafter any rev-
enue derived from that source. And while it
may be true that a portion of the last year's
income will not get into the Treasury until the
next year, yet it is just as true that last year's
uncollected tax lapped over as much as that
of this year, and therefore the income tax
remaining uncollected at the end of this year
is properly counted as a part of the receipts
of the present, not the next year, notwithstand-
ing the fact that because the fiscal year ends
in June the amount of income collected each
year belongs, one half, or about that sum, to
the previous year.
So, therefore, I see no propriety, when esti-
mating the receipts of each year, to be derived
from existing laws, in taking into account the
fact that in collecting the receipts of that year a
portion of it. may run into the next year. What-
ever is made in one year in that way has been
lost in the year preceding by the same method.
I did not add to receipts the amount to be de-
rived from the sale of public lands, because
the education bill which had passed this House
had diverted these proceeds to another pur-
pose.
The only remaining source of revenue was
that commonly known as miscellaneous reve-
nue. Of this source of revenue I remarked
that in its nature it was a very uncertain item
to rely upon ; and in illustration of that remark
I took up the items of which it was made up
the last year, amounting in the aggregate to
$31,566,736 53, and from them I deducted, as
the Secretary himself did, and as the Senator
also has done, the premiums on the sale of
coin. I also deducted homestead and other
land fees, direct taxes, proceeds of Indian
trust lands, accrued interest on the proceeds
of sale of Indian trust stocks, &c,, the reim-
bursements to the United States of moneys
advanced to meet interest on non-paying stocks
held in trust for various Indian tribes, as items
not likely to again be found in the miscella-
neous sources of revenue, and thereby reduced
this item from the sum heretofore stated of
thirty-one odd millions to $12,181,379 01.
In the speech of the Senator he replies,
that when "I came to examine the various
items which compose this miscellaneous item
of revenue, I find they are not uncertain."
And to show that they are not uncertain
he takes up one after the other, each of the
items which I left in the calculation, not those
I took out, and says they are certain sources
of the revenue. Being of the same opinion
with him, I so counted them, with the excep-
tion of two to which I will allude, and so
reckoned them in the calculation which I made.
I repeat these items which he says are
reliable sources of revenue. The tax on the
circulation and deposit of national banks, this
I included; the repayment of interest by the
Pacific railroad, this I also included; consular
fees I include; homestead and other land fees,
mentioned by him I did not include, because
I was addressing the House of Represent;*-,
tives, which had passed a bill diverting those
fees to another purpose; he also included
taxes on seal skins, so did I; reimbursements
of the United States for salaries of store-
keepers of internal revenue bonded ware-
houses, I also included them; parting charges
were also included by me as well as by him ;
and the only other item mentioned by him, and
not included by me was the item of direct tax.
I did not include this item, because, having
been paid once, it did not occur to me that it
would be likely to be paid again. With this
exception, what I deemed reliable items of
miscellaneous revenue, the Senator has, in
his speech, ailso enumerated as reliable itema.
He has omitted from his recapitulation of
such reliable items all the items which I sub-
tracted from the aggregate for the same rea-
son. After agreeing so exactly with me as to
the character of these sources of revenue,
there does not seem to me any occasion for
the remark added by him that his " honor-
able friend had undoubtedly fallen into an
error as to" the character and nature of these
resources of revenue."
I regret exceedingly that the distinguished
Senator has followed so exactly in rny foot-
steps as to stumble into the same pit.
It was in this way, Mr. Chairman, that I
made up the several items constituting the
other side of the balance-sheet, to wit, all
that the Secretary had estimated the receipts
from customs to be, less what the House had
cut off from them, $190,998,062; the inter-
nal revenue of last year, diminished by the
amount taken from it by the repeal and ex:-
piration of laws under which a portion of it
was collected, and such of the miscellaneous
revenues as the Senator and myself both agree
were of a permanent and reliable character,
leaving out the proceeds of the sale of public
lands, for the reason, already stated, that they
had been by the House diverted elsewhere,
and these items made an aggregate of $317,-
389,433 10 of receipts against expenditures
of $299,600,458.
In reference to this result I used the follow-
ing language:
"If, therefore, we do not receive revenue from a
great and unexpected increase of imports beyond
the estimate of their increase by the Secretary of
the Treasury, or from some other now unprovided
source, and if our expenditures are not brought
down below the figures here stated, we shall be
obliged to borrow nearly eleven million dollars to
pay to the sinking fund, without one dollar going
toward the principal of the public debt."
Upon a review of all these figures I did not
say one word in this conclusion which I desire
to qualify.
The Senator goes on to show that the con-
ditions which I stated as necessary to relieve
us from such a balance-sheet, namely, a great
and unexpected increase of imports beyond the-
estimates of their increase by the Secretary of
the Treasury, will actually come to pass, and
not only save us from this unpleasant balance-
sheet, but leave so large a margin as to enable
us still further to reduce taxes. I shall be
exceedingly gratified if this picture drawn by
him shall prove a true one.
My sole purpose in alluding to his remarks
at this time is to show that the figures I had
given were entitled to the confidence of th«
House. It does not seem to me that there was
any necessity for the criticism of these figures
in order to establish the fact that there will
actually be this great and unexpected increase
of imports, upon which alone the Senator him-
self relies for the ability to reduce taxation.
Taking, as I did, the Secretary's estimates
of $212,000,000 for the receipts from customs
the next year, the Senator has given various
reasons why, in his opinion, the receipts into
the Treasury will reach $373,000,000 instead
