1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-.
1109
same pro rata as regular subscribers to public-
ations weighing four ounces, who pay quarterly
in advance ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
C0IUIECT10N.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg leave to say that on
Saturday morning the Associated Press mis-
conceived the report of the Committee on
Finance on the Chicago relief bill, and -I have
been overwhelmed with letters and telegrams
about that. I wish to correct it. The amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Finauce
oil Friday last gave a drawback on certain raw
materials used in the burnt district within a
year after the passage of the act. The Asso-
ciated Press printed as the report of the Com-
mittee on Finance an amendment that had been
offered by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Fiohiiy.] This statement has brought me quite
a number of telegrams and letters, and I wish
to relieve those persons.
The VJCIi PRESIDENT. _ The Chair sup-
poses that this explanation will cause the cor-
rection to be made by the proper persons.
Reports of committees are next in order.
JAPANESE STUDENTS AT ANNAPOLIS.
Mr. CAMERON. Before reports from com-
mittees are made, I should be glad to be allowed
to present a letter which 1 desire to have read
and pi inted. It is a letter from the Superintend-
ent of the Naval Academy at Annapolis to the
Secretary of the Navy in regard to the Japan-
ese youth who are there as students. I wish
to have it read, and then I shall ask to have it
printed.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter :
United Statks Naval Acadkmy,
Annapolis, Maryland, January 19, 1872.
Sir: In reply to your letter of the 18th instant,
asking lor "a geneial report of the Japanese who
have been admitted into the Academy as eadet mid-
shipmen, in accordance with the provisions of act
ot Congress," I have the honor t,o state: Zun Zow
M.UztuuUa and Iso Sataro wore admitted to the
Academy in December, 1S69. At the annual ex-
amination in May, 1870, neither of them had any
demerits recorded against hiin. Their reo >rd was
equally creditable at the close of the last academic
year, in May, 1871.
During his second academic year Matzmulla,
in a class of forty-tive members, stood No. 8 in
mathematics, seven in fencing, eleven in chemistry,
filteen in French, forty-ono in seamanship, twenty-
six in drawing, thirty-three in geography, twenty-
stx in history, twenty-six in rhetoric, lie maintains
still a fair standing ir, his (second) class, and will, I
have no doubt, giaduate in 1S78 with credit.
"While 8.itaro stood lower in his cla?s, due, in
part to his impeifect knowledge of our language,
his conduct and general bearing were excellent, lie
lelt the Academy temporarily, with the sanction of
the Department, in Lho beginning of the present
term, tor the purpose of better fitting himself for
tile course :it a private school.
Kuioka Katz was admitted in June, 1871. In a
cias.-, of eighty-nine members bis average standing
fnr the last three months is: in seamanship, thirty-
eight; in mathematics, torty-onc: Frcnch, fifty-one;
In-.to'-y, filty-one; grammar, fifty-nine; fencing,
twenty-two. lie has received forty-six demerits.
The conduct of the Japanese students has been,
as I havo stated, excellent, and so far from their
interfering in any way with the discipline^ of the
Academy, the example they have set of amiability
and strict regard tor regulations has been worthy
of all praise. They have been, and aro now, sub-
ject in all respects to the sami rules and routine as
tho cadet midshipmen of the Academy, even to at-
tending morning prayers and divine service on the
Sabbath. In the latter regard, their seeming inter-
est and respectful deportment are not at all behind
those ot their nominally Christian fellow-students.
They add nothing to the expenses of the Academy,
as all charges are paid by their oivn Government.
From the character of the young Japanese who
have been admitted to the Academy, the interest they
take in theirstudies, and theirseemingsuseoptibility
to the influences by which they are surrounded, I do
not think I am wrong in arguing the best results to
American interests m Japan, as well as to the com-
mon cause of Christian civilization, from the wise
provision of Congress, by which a limited number
of her young men are permitted to be educated at
this institution.
J have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient
servant,
JOIIN L. WORDEN,
Commodore and Superintendent.
Hon. Gkorob 51. Robkson. Secretary of ike Ifavy,
Washington, 1). 0.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the com-
munication be printed and laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORT OP KtJ KUJX COMMITTEE.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I am instructed
by the joint select Committee upon the Con-
dition of the late Insurrectionary States to
make a report accompanied by testimony. As
this report is voluminous, 1 will state very
briefly that it covers only the testimony taken
by the committee sitting in the city of Wash-
ing and the testimony taken by the sub-com-
mittee visiting tho State of South Carolina.
That taken by the sub-committee which visited
the States of Geoigia and Florida, and that
taken by the sub-committee which visited the
States of Mississippi and Alabama, is not yet
in such form as to be ready to be reported to
the Senate, but will be the subject of a future
report.
This report makes three recommendations.
It recommends the extension of the powers
conferred on the President by the fourth sec-
tion of the act of April, 1870, unto the end of
the next session ot Congress; and it recom-
mends the granting of further judicial force
in those parts of the southern States which the
committee believe to be infested with the Ku
Klux troubles; and it recommends the pas-
sage of a general amnesty bill, concurring in
the recommendation of the President in his
message to make such exceptions as are therein
stated. I move that the report and the accom-
panying testimony be printed.
I will state also that, in pursuance of the
recommendation of the committee, I present
as a report a bill to extend the provisions of
the fourth section of the act approved the 20th
of April, 1871. 1 may state that 1 am informed
by the minority of the committe" that they have
views which they ask leave to submit.
The bill (S. No. G56J to extend the provis-
ions of the fourth section of the act approved
April 20, 1871, was read, and passed to the
second reading.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask leave to present the
views of the minority to accompany the report
of the majority.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be printed, and the views of the minority will
be received if there be no objection.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask that the bill be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It must first be
read the second time. The Chair will ask
unanimous consent for the second reading of
the bill for that purpose.
Mr. BAYARD. I withdrawthe suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
on the Calendar unless some Senator asks that
it be read the second time, so as to be referred.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask that it bo read the
second time.
The bill was read the second time by its
title.
Mr. BAYARD. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on tho Judiciary.
Mr. SCO IT. I only rise to say that as this
bill comes as a report from a committee, unless
there be something special requiring that ref-
erence 1 think it an extraordinary proceeding
to refer a bill reported by one committee
immediately upon its report to another.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think so, too. I do
not see why a bill reported by a committee
that has been giving its attention specially to
the subject should be sent to another commit-
tee. 1 do not know who made the motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware made tho motion.
Mr. TRUMBULu. I see no object of re-
committing this bill to another committee after
one committee has investigated the subject and
made a report.
Mr. BAYARD. This is a general public
law. It is true it is reported by a special com-
mittee; but I do not understand that to that
committee was submitted the broad question
of this law. It was not a committee raised for
the purpose of reporting a special act. I do
not desire that there shall be any delay what-
ever in the action of the Senate upon the bill;
but I think it is a matter that ought to go to
the Judiciary Committee. I do not feel very
anxious on that subject now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
printed and placed on the Calendar Unless the
Senator insists on the motion to refer.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not care about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
printed and placed on the Calendar.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Missouri
has asked that the views of the minority be
received and printed. Before that order is
made, I desire to say a word on that question.
I do not rise for the purpose of opposing the
printing of the views of the minority; 1 am
rather desirous that they should be printed;
but there are some statements in lhe views of
the minority which are within my knowledge
to which I deem it a duty, both to the commit-
tee and the public, to call attention before that
order is made.
The views of the minority as well as the
report submitted by the majority have both
been in print by order of the committee, for
the use of the members of the committee, and
it is for that reason that I state that there are
things in the views of the minority within my
knowledge to which I will briefly call atten-
tion, so that before the order is made they
may not pass to the country without this state-
ment.
On the first page of the views of the minor-
ity this statement occurs, and if I am incor-
rect in stating it as it is intended to be sub-
mitted by the gentlemen, I hope they will
correct me:
" The majority of the Committee on Alleged Out-
rages in tho Southern States having resolved to
rnako their report to the two Houses of Congress
belore the testimony taken by the sub-committees
sent to those States has been printed, and having
sent their report to the Public Printer without giv-
ing the undersigned opportunity properly to ascer-
tain its contents, or the conclusions of the majority,
it becomes necessary that the undersigned, members
of the committee, should submit their views of tho
testimony which has been taken."
This being paged continuously after the re-
port of the majority, the number of pases will
be larger than are actually contained in it.
There are only three hundred and twenty with
the views of the minority, but in consequence
of the continuous paging, on page 608 this
statement again occurs in this form :
" As we said at the outset, we have not seen the
report of the majority, and not knowing either what
they assert or what they recommend, wo have been
compelled to speak ot the evidence taken by the
committee more in detail than we inieht otherwise
have felt it necessary to do."
Mr. President, upon reading those two state-
ments they leave the inference, in the first
place, that it is because the majority of the
committee had sent this report to the Printer
without giving the minority an opportunity
properly to ascertain its contents that any re-
port is made at all by the minority, and in the
second place it is a distinct assertion on the
first page that opportunity was not given the
members of the minority properly to ascertain
its contents, and in the next place that they
liave not seen the report of the majority. Now,
sir, I desire to state distinctly what the facts
are with reference to these assertions ; and in
doing so I shall not desire to violate any rule
which prevents the disclosure of what occurs
in committee. It is the action of the com-
mittee that is now before the Senate, and the
committee are arraigned for not doing what
the minority think they ought to have done.
There is no way of meeting that charge but by
stating what has been done, and.I proceed
very briefly to state it.
Before doing so, however, I wish to call
attention to another fact. Some of these por-
tions of the views of the minority were con-
sidered so objectionable that it was deemed
due, as a matter of personal courtesy between
the members, that their attention should be
called to it, and their attention was called to
what is printed on page 292, aud as that is now
