214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
was directed to be sent to this witness, that an
attachment for him would be asked for.
The Senator frotn Delaware makes the point
that he would not know that he was directed
to come to Washington. It was just as noto-
rious that this committee was sitting in Wash-
ington as that the sub-committee was sitting
in Columbia, and perhaps a little more so ;
and certainly when he got the notice that an
attachment would be asked for he understood
it would be asked for to bring him here. The
intention of the Senator from Delaware in
offering that resolution was that he should be
permitted to come here so that the attachment
would not issue against him. Now, then, in-
stead of coming here, so that he could submit
to examination before the committee, he sends
us an affidavit to account for why he did not
come then before the committee in South
Carolina. I simply say that it is for the Sen-
ate to determine whether they will hear that
reason now, or whether they will require him
to come here that he may be examined before
they permit him to give his reason for the eon-
tempt which he has evidently committed.
I have already stated to the Senate that, in
my view, the affidavit of the recusant witness
himself (for I make no objection to that of the
attending physician so far as its tone is con-
cerned, but the affidavit of the recusant wit-
ness himself) contains statements which cer-
tainly are untrue and defamatory of the com-
mittee itself. I shall take occasion to say that
if the Senate permit, the affidavit to be read. I
do not wish to withhold anything that may ex-
cuse this man, for I have no personal feeling
whatever in the matter. I simply bring the
question here in obedience to the resolution
of the committee, and to discharge my duty as
its chairman.
Mr. BLAIR. I will state, in addition to
what has fallen from the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, that I offered a resolution that this
witness should be summoned to attend here,
and the committee refused to agree to ii, and
went on with this proceeding to obtain an
attachment. So far from the witness having
any notice that he was wanted here, the com-
mittee refused to summon him here. And now
the chairman of the committee, as far as his
voice goes, refuses to allow him to he heard to
give the excuse which he has for not attend-
ing in South Carolina. I wish he would not
stand so much on his dignity in this matter.
I think we ought not to accustom our people
to such arbitrary proceedings as are indicated
here. This man had a good excuse for not
attending. There is no man on this floor sit-
ting on that committee who would not have
excused him from attendance if the circum-
stances had come before htm at the time. I
think it is nothing but right that the Senate
shall hear what excuse he has to offer for him-
self. The committee reiused to summon him
here upon my application. I believe that he
would have been here now in attendance if he
had been so summoned. Ail I ask is that this
man may be heard in his own language tor
himself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has allowed tuis discussion to go on without
interruption, there being no objection, it re-
quiring unanimous consent, as the rule pro-
vides that when an objection is made to a paper
being read the question must be taken with-
out debate. The Chair, however, will not in-
terrupt the debate unless some Senator objects.
Mr. 1 H CRM AN. I do not wish to discuss
the question about these papers particularly.
If dt-cumon on the resolution itself is now in
ord.-r, 1 have some words to submit on than
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. This ques-
tion must be decided first.
Mr. IIIURMAN. ihen, with the leave of
the Senate, I will say one' word upon that
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. TJ3 Li RMAN. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania says that it is inadmissible to receive
matter of excuse or justification from a per-
son who is in contempt, until he appears to
purge himself of his contempt. I think that
is not stating the rule with entire accuracy.
In courts that have some regard for the lib-
erty of the people, and in all cases where there
is no reason to suppose that the person is
about to abscond the practice is, first, to move
for a rule on the party to show cause why an
attachment for contempt should not issue, and
that rule is served upon him, and he is per-
mitted to show against, the issuing of that rule
any circumstances which would show that he
was not in contempt. If he does not show
sufficient cause, then the rule is made abso-
lute, and the attachment issues, and he is
brought up and is put upon his trial for the
contempt; but in all courts that have a due
legard for the liberty of the citizen, before an
attachment issues for contempt a rule against
the party to show cause why he should not be
attached is the first measure that is taken, and
the granting of that rule may be resisted by
any evidence that is sufficient. Now, a legis-
lature certainly ought to be as careful as a
court.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not the practice.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not say that it is the
practice in legislative bodies. We do not issue
a rale, it is very true; but if a court would allow
a party to show cause against the issuing of
the rule, as, for instance, that he was confined
to his bed by sickness and could not attend
according to the process of the court, and
therefore was not guilty of contempt, and that
would be a good cause why the rule should not
so out. a legislative body ought to be equally
liberal in receiving testimony that would show
that there was no contempt. Therefore it
seems to me that my friend from Pennsyl-
vania is begging the whole question. He is
assuming that the man is guiity of contempt,
and that that fact is found, whereas it is not so.
Mr. CARPENTER. Wiil my friend allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask honestly for
information. Suppose those affidavits are
false; is there any law to punish the parties
for perjury?
Mr. THURMAN. I will answer much
broader than that- after awhile. In my judg-
ment, there is no law to punish for perjury for
nearly nine tenths of the testimony takfen by
this committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you mean by that
' that the committee was not authorized to
administer oaths?
Mr. THURMAN. I will tell you what I do
mean. Although I voted without knowing
what I was about for the resolution in the
Saunders case, I mean to move to reconsider
it as soon as I can get a chance to do so ; for
I say that upon any proper interpretation of
the resolution appointing this committee there
was no authority on the part of a sub-committee
to take testimony.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you mean that there
wa« no authority to administer oaths?
Mr. THURMAN. The nub-committee had
none.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is. " Will the Senate allow this paper to be
r&ai?''
The question being put, was determined in
the afiirma'ive.
The Chief Clerk thereupon read the following
affidavits:
South Carolina, Unioa county :
Personally appeared before me David C. Gist, of
the county and State aforesaid, who after being
duiy sworn deposes and says: that on the night of
the — day of July, A. D. 1871, between the hours of
ten and cloven o'clock, and while this deponent was
in attendance upon a Masonic lodge, a person, whom
he opposes to hnvq btcn ao otlicial attached to the
congressional sub-investitcat.ng committee which
Lad been takingtesumony at Union Court-ilou-e for
two dayy, hevintr first had him called of the
lodge, read to this deponent what purported to bo a
summons to appear before ^nid sub-committee in
the city of Columbia, poi.h- h-ixiy -ciuiit mii-« distant,
on the following tlav: that .caid p--rsori. wboM, name
is unknown to thi-* deponent, refa-c.l deliver Paid
summons to this deponent;that harii>,> heaid that he
was to be examined by Paid committee he had at-
tended at Union Court-House duritis? the time the
committee remained there, and ui> to the time the
summons to appear at Columbia «- rend to him as
aforesaid, which was on the uigot preceding the
moruintt on which the committee left Union for
Columbia; that Onion Court-House i.- near to his
home, and if examined lie desired to be examined
there, so that he could remain near im family, hi,
wife beinsntthe time s i-l:, and in a condition in
which it would have been inhuman in toe deponent
to have lett her at such a distance not to be able
speedily to reach her; that tiii* deponent was in-
tortned, early on the Morning loHowin^ th" reading
ot the summons abator"* ud, by our Jeremiah Lar-
kin«. a member of *he Republican paity. postmaster
at Union Court-House, and supposed to be in the
confidence of the majority of the committee, that he
was present when the subject ol summoning this
deponent was spoken of, and that it wa-; then stated
that it was not desired to take the testimony of this
deponent, but that their object was to «et thi^ depo-
nent to Columbia where lie could not bo bailed out
of jail. Larkm did not say who made this declara-
tion. but gave this deponent to understand thatsueh
was the object of suuimoninz him to Columbia.
This deponent is not aware that any other person
was summoned in this county to appear before the
committee in Columbia.
Under these circumstances he was advised by the
said Larkiti and several of his friends that he ought
not to go to Columbia.
This deponent declares that he intended no dis-
respect to the committee or to Congress.
l>. C. GIST.
Sworn tobeforeme, this the 1st day of October, 1S71.
A. D. SPEARS,
Clerk and OMciul Magistrate'
South Carolina, Union county :
personally appeared Dr. A. \Y. Thomson, of the
county and State aforesaid, and after being duly
sworn deposes and says: that he is the regular family
physician of David C. Gist, of the same State and
county: that at the time the sub-comnntree of the
congressional investigating committee, consisting
of Messrs. V.is Trump and Stevesson of Ohio, and
Scott of Pennsylvania, were taking testimony at
this place, the wife of the said David C. Gist was
dangerously sick,  he was suffering from a severe
attack of fever, and wan at the same time iu daily
expectation of being delivered of a child ; that she
was in this condition while said sub-committee was
at this place, and when her said husband was sum-
moned to appear before said subcommittee iu Co-
lumbia, and at the time the committee remained in
Columbia ; that hearing the said David C.Gist would
be summoned be advised hiin to go to Lmonvilie,
which is only a few miles from hi-* home, daily for a few
hours to pave hi* wife the agitation that she would
probably undergo if he should be sumaioned from
home with her knowledge; and that the said Gist
did attend at Unionville for a few hours daily while
the said committee were there ; that "aid Gi^t was
summoned to appear in Columbia on the night be-
fore the committee departed for that place.
A. W. THOMSON.
Sworn before me, this 1st October. 1871.
A. 1). SPEARS,
Clerk and OjjicI'll M<(j■.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. Piesident. I ask the
attention of the Senate to the resolution ap-
pointing this committee. Ail these witnesses
were summoned to appear, not before the com-
mittee, but before a sub-committee of the com
mittee. Now, nothing is better settled than
that if a body has not jurisdiction to examine
any subject, there can be no contempt of a
witness for failing to appear before it. If, for
instance, a court has no jurisdiction of a sub-
ject at all, no person can be in contempt for
not obeying the process of that court, because
a court thai is without jurisdiction is the same
as no court at all. The question then is. had
this sub-committee jurisdiction to compel the
attendance of witnesses, or even to summon
them and require their attendance and to take
their testimony ? I say it had not. I say that the
resolution appointing this committee limited
the power to take testimony to the committee
itself, and did not give power to a sub-commit-
tee to take any testimony whatsoever. That
is to be determined by the language of the
resolution.
Before reading it. let me remind thf Senate
that we haw heard a great deal said within the
last week about the sanctity of persons and
papers, and how injurious it would !><• and how
Contrary to the principles of constitutional
liberty it would be if wo w< ro to have roving
commissions so drag persons and seurcli papers
at its pleasure. Without subscribing to all
