2902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29
approach the subject with trembling solicitude,
for I know I must fall very far short of doing
justice to their character and their fame. 1
shall be pardoned if 1 speak somewhat of
the history of Connecticut at the period in
■which they lived; for the biography of these
two men and the history of their State for
forty years are nearly one and the same.
Governor Trumbull was born in 1710, in Leb-
anon, Connecticut, a town which may be well
styled in that State as the "mother of Gov-
ernors," and which his biographer supposes
to have been named, like the ancient Lebanon,
from a grove of goodly cedars. In a period
of one hundred and two years, Governors born
in that town have held the office thirty-four
years.
Entering Harvard College, Trumbull grad-
uated with high honors when only seventeen
years of age. He prepared himself for the
ministry, and with a ripe scholarship and
attainments in all branches of knowledge sur-
passed by few at that day, he was just enter-
ing upon his work of life when the death of
an older brother changed all his plans. He
assumed the charge of his brother's affairs,
in connection with his father, and became a
merchant. At the age of twenty-three he
was elected to the Colonial Assembly, and
was often reelected, and was several years
speaker of the house. At the age of thirty
he was assistant or member of the council,
or upper branch of the colonial Legislature.
With his love of all useful knowledge he also
pursued the study of law, and was for many
years a judge of one or more of the courts in
the colony. He was chief justice of its high-
est court in 17C6, Roger Sherman being one
of his associates upon the bench. For nearly
fifty years, until he voluntarily laid off the
robes ot office, after the peace which secured
to the colonies their independence as States,
he was constantly kept in public life by the
people of his colony and State.
In ihe war of England with France, which
began in the colonies in 1754, .Jonathan Trum-
bull was one of the most earnest and energetic
men in raising troops and supplies. Nearly
every year during that war he was one of t.he
commissioners of the colony of Connecticut
to confer with the Governors and commission-
ers of other colonies in planning campaigns,
and procuring Ihe means to carry them on,
while he was constant in his efforts at home
for the same purpose. Twice during this
period was he appointed colonial agent to the
court of King George, but he preferred to
remain in the colony and give his energy and
time to the work of the war. Though the
colony of Connecticut was more remote from
the danger of hostile inroads by the French
and Indians from Canada than the other New
England colonies, and though their houses and
their firesides were comparatively safe from
the torch and the scalping-knife, yet the little
colony of Connecticut, by the energy of Trum-
bull and his associates, furnished about thirty
thousand men from its humble villages and
scattered hamlets for the different campaigns
of that war.
The men were enlisted for a single campaign
only, as hostile operations were then seldom
carried on in the winter season ; and year after
year did the young colony send its quota of
five thousand men, and more, into the contest.
Ihoughthe provincial troops at the outset were
sneered at as raw militia by the British offi-
cers, yet they proved their efficiency in many
a tangled ambuscade and many a hand-to hand
conflict with the French and their savage allies,
when British officers with their regular troops
were powerless. Not a forest in all the broad
wilderness between Connecticut and the Can-
didas, that was not threaded and trodden by
Putnam and his Connecticut rangers. And
from the day of disaster and gloom, when the
news came of Braddock's defeat in the wilder-
ness, down to the hour when Wolfe fell amid
the shouts of the final and crowning victory
on the plains before Quebec, Trumbull devoted
himself to the work of defending the colonies
and carrying the war into the enemy's country,
with an energy that never wearied and a faith
that never faltered.
But it was the period of twenty years suc-
ceeding ihe close of that war that gave Trum-
bull his high place in our history. Though
engrossed with public duties, he was a success-
ful and wealthy merchant, largely engaged in
commerce with ships of his own. Ardent in
his patriotism, he was among the first to resist
the acts of Parliament for taxation of the col-
onies. He refused to take the oath required
under the stamp act, and would not remain in
the room when the Governor and some of his
associates in office proposed to take it. He
was deputy Governor in 1766, and became
Governor of the colony in 1769. He saw his
wealth all swept away by disasters at sea, and
by the measures of the British Government
that destroyed the trade of the colonies. He
might have enriched himself by taking sides
as every other colonial Governor did with the
mother country.
While his old college classmate, the tory
Hutchinson of Massachusetts, was harassing
that colony ; while Tryon of Ne v York, Dun-
more of Virginia, and the Governors of the
other colonies were doing their utmost to
defeat the purposes of the patriots, and keep
the colonies in subjection to the English Gov-
ernment, Trumbull alone of them all resisted
its oppressive measures. It is true that he
was elected hy the people of his colony, while
the others were generally appointed by the
Crown; but some of them had been born,
and others had lived long in the colonies; one
ot them, even, a son of the patriot Benjamin
Franklin was Governor of New Jersey. While
they were instruments to crush the rising spirit
of patriotism, Trumbull was industriously gath-
ering magazines of powder and ball and mil
itary supplies of all kinds ; lor he early foresaw
the conflict that was sure to come. To his
unwearied exertions is chiefly due the gratify-
ing fact iti her history, that as in the old French
war, so Connecticut again furnished during the
Revolution mote men and supplies, m propor-
tion to her population and means, than any
other State, and more men in fact than any
State except Massachusetts.
And there is another equally intereslingfact
in her history, that with repeated invasions by
the enemy during that war, and with so many
men absent in the Continental armies, no hostile
force was ever suffered to remain hardly a week
within her limits. Though her regiments held
the Highlands under Putnam; though they were
in the northern army under Gates; though
they were in the scanty lines of Washington's
army; the energy of 'Trumbull was such that
no invading force was ever able to hold itself
but a few hours or days at most within the State
Yet she was peculiarly liable to invasion ; for
there was always an enemy within a few hours'
sail of her coast. New York, in her immedi-
ate vicinity, was held by the British forces
from its capture in 1776, down to the close of
the war, and their close proximity led to re-
peated incursions into Connecticut. Trum-
bull infused his own spirit into her people, and
the advancing footsteps of the enemy were still
fresh upon her soil in every instance of inva-
sion, when they were forced to retrace them to
escape ignominious defeat; and her blazing
towns and villages were still burning to light
their retreating footsteps to the shelter of the
vessels that, had brought them to her borders.
_ Trumbull bore the honored title and dis-
tinction of "the rebel Governor" in Eng-
land. Washington gave him the good old
homely name of "Brother Jonathan," by
which he and his country have been and will
be known the world over. Washington relied
upon him, as on an elder brother, for counsel
and aid all through the war. When he first
assumed command of an army without ammu-
nition and without supplies, and his council
of war could devise no means to procure them
he "consulted Brother Jonathau," and tkt
supplies came. When his army was starving
at Valley Forge he again appealed to the Gov-
ernor of Connecticut, and the choicest of he^
cattle and the fattest of her flocks were sent
to their relief. Again, in the winter of 1780
he relied upon Trumbull to supply his northern
army with provisions, and relied not. in vain.
And the final campaign that broke ihe power
of the English armies and culminated in the
surrender at Yorktown, was planned by Wash-
ington, with Trumbull and Count Rochambeau
in council, in a house near the banks of the
Connecticut.
The war was ended. Trumbull in the return
of peace saw his own rest from the unremit-
ting toil of years. He had sat in the State
council of war one thousand days during its
progress, with all his other duties as Gov-
ernor and chief organizer of the work of
war. Though a grateful State would have
retained him in the office which he had held
fourteen years, he was now past three-score
and ten, and he felt that his work was done.
He retired with honors such as were never
paid to a retiring Governor m his State before
or since his day ; and two years after, the peo-
ple of his State were mourning as bereaved
children over his grave.
I shall not attempt by any poor words of
mine to portray his character, further thau
this brief sketch will disclose it. Bushnell,
in his historic estimate of Connecticut, a
speech that ought to be preserved and read
by every fireside in the State, says of Trum-
bull:
" He was one of those prudent, truc-mindcd men
that hold an even hand of authority in stormy times,
and suiter nothing to tali out of place, either by
excess or defect of service; to whom Washington
could say, " 1 cannot sufficiently express to you my
thanks, not onfy for your constant and ready com-
pliance with every request ot mine, but for your
prudent forecast in ordinary matters, so that your
force has been collected and put in motion as soon
as it has been demanded.''
Washington wrote of him, also, after his
death:
A long and weli-spent life in the service of his
country places Governor Trumbull among the first
ot patriots.''
His biographer sums up his character:
j. "If .strong intellect and extensive knowledge,
fixed industry, the conception of great ends, and
perseverance and success m their execution; if an
exalted sense ot honor, incorruptible integrity,
energy of purpose, consummate prudence, impreg-
nable fortitude, a broad, generous, and quenchless*
patriotism, cnarities ever active, wise,and fervent-
it all these qualities, in union with a most amiable
temper and the gentlest manners, and in affiliation,
too, with all the noble graces of the Christian faith;
it these constitute a great and a good rnaD, that man
was Trumbull."
Fortunate as was the country in Governor
Trumbull's own life, he and his country were
also fortunate in his children. His son ill law
wa«. with Sherman, a signer of the Declaration
of Independence, His four sons, he gave
them all to his country's service. One of them
was the first Commissary General of the armies
of the United States, a place at that day of
almost insurmountable difficulty, as the young
States were mostly without tents, magazines,
or supplies. His labors and anxieties in that
trying position broke him down in health, and
he died in the midst of' the struggle while
disaster and uncertainty hung over the cause.
Another son, of his own name, rose to the rank
of Paymaster General, and was selected by
n ashington as his confidential secretary ; and
after the close of the war he was elected lo
the House of Representatives in the First
Congress under the Constitution. He was
Speaker of the House in the Second Congress,
and * af'erward a Senator. His State then
called him home to fill the executive position
his father had so long honored. He was elected
Governor, and filled the office by successive
reflections eleven years, and died in the office,
i he mantle of the father had descended upon
the son, arid never since the days of the
prophets had it fallen upon one more worthy
