1110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
intended to be reported, as I understand, it
reads thus:
"We do not fear successful contradiction when we
say that thero never was a disguised band in one
tenth part of them, or in over forty of these four
hundred and twenty countics. Simply in a county
here and there, or at most in one or two counties to-
gether in several of these States, have such bands
committed depredations, and we will show to all men
not blinded by prejudice or passion that theKuIilux
bill, and the proceedings thereunder, arc the gross-
est outrage, the foulest calumny ever perpetrated or
circulated upon or against a helpless people by their
rulors, who ought, for that reason if for no other, to
be their friends instead of being their relentless
enemies and calumniators."
That is the form in which the views of the
minority are now proposed to be presented.
But I hold in my hand the New York World
of Sunday, February 18, 1872, in which the
committee and their conduct are arraigned
in a quotation from what was intended to be
the minority report, in these words :
" IVe will show to all men not blinded by preju-
dice or passion that the Ku Klux bill and the eon-
duct and report of the majority of this committee,
as inaugurated, continued, and reported, is the
grossest outrage, the foulest calumny ever perpe-
trated or circulated upon or against a helpless peo-
ple by their rulers, who ought, for that reason, to
be their friends instead of relentless enemies and
calumniators."
I read this, as I think I should in justice due
to the gentlemen of the committee, who upon
their attention being called to this certainly
unwarranted and unprecedented attack upon
a committee have stricken out from the views
intended to be submitted that portion of the
minority report which h'as gone to the public
in this offensive form.
Now, sir, having called attention to these
portions of the minority report,, I wish merely
to state briefly what are the facts in order that
they may accompany the views of the minority.
Those views, as 1 have already said, from the
form in which they are stated and the spirit
which characterizes them, I desire to go to the
country, so that the issue upon this vexed ques-
tion may be fairly and clearly made by pre-
senting the opposite views; but 1 do wish it to
be known that full and ample opportunity has
been given to the gentlemen of the minority to
know everything which the majority proposed
to report, and 1 propose to make a statement
of facts which f think will not be contradicted.
And first, as to the allegation implied on the
first page that this minority report is made
only because of the majority report being with-
held from the committee or their not having
had proper opportunity to examine it.
On thoGth day of December, very soon after
Congress mot, the minority of the committee
applied to the majority for a clerk, stating at
the time that it was for the purpose of prepar-
ing a minority lvport. This was at a time
before any majority report was submitted and
before it was thought of .submitting the report.
"Whether it was an abundant liberality or not,
at least the demand was complied with, and
the clerk was furnished very soon after that on
the nomination of the gentlemen who desired'
his services. So that it is not because the report
was not submitted that the minority report
has been prepared, for a minority report was
contemplated before the majority report was
writteu or preseuted to the committee, and full
opportunity was presented to those gentlemen
to prepare their views.
On the 10th day of February, being last
Saturday a week, the committee was called
together fortlie purpose of hearing the report.
It was then in manuscript. It was large; it
was voluminous; and the suggestion was made
that instead of spending several hours in read-
ing the report from manuscript it should be
printed in confidence for the use of the com-
mittee, and when printed should then be sub-
mitted to the committee. Before the com-
mittee separated at that time it was further
agreed that the views of the minority should
iu like manner be printed in confidence for
the use of the committee, and that they should
go to the Printer as soon as the report of the
majority was at press.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator from Pennsylvania that in
these remarks he is bringing up what was the
action of the committee, which is not within
the usual parliamentary rule except by unani-
mous consent, because of course it opens the
door for members of the committee to dissent,
and there may be a long debate on what did
or did not occur in the committee. The usual
way is for a committee to report through the
chairman or some one designated by the com-
mittee whatever they see fit to report to the
Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. I have been stating dates
more than anything else ; the time the reports
were submitted; and as the report is now made
and the journal accompanies it, which is made
public, I think I have not thus far transgressed
the rules, and when I do misstate any fact I
hope I shall be corrected, either now or by
the members of the minority, if they desire to
do so, after I have concluded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
stated the parliamentary rule. He of course
does not object himself, and having stated the
rule, if no Senator objccts the Senator from
Pennsylvania will proceed.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 hope it will be under-
stood that after our friend from Pennsylvania
has made his remarks, the same opportunity
may be given to the minority.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be, of
course, by the Chair, but the Chair cannot
state at what time some Senator may object to
the discussion of matters happening in com-
mittee.
Mr. BAYARD. I draw the attention of
the majority to the fact, that of course both
sides should be heard.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, of
course, will hear both sides, he having stated
that he himself would not object, and no Sen-
ator objecting.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope they will be heard,
certainly. I have stated that on the 10th of
February this arrangement was made, and
accordingly the report of the majority in man-
uscript was sent to the Printing Office. It was
completed about Wednesday, 1 think, and im-
mediately the views of the minority were sent
to the Printing Office. On Thursday morning
last the committee was again called together
and the printed report of the majority laid
before it. It was then suggested that instead
ot'spending several hours in reading it in com-
mittee, a copy of the printed report be fur-
nished to each member of the committee, and
accordingly a copy of the printed report was
furnished to each member of the committee,
and the committee adjourned until Saturday
morning before they would take action upon
it. Thus each member of the committee had |
in his possession a printed copy of the report j
of the majority from Thursday morning until 1
Saturday morning, forty-eight hours ; and yet j
I find the statement on page 508 "we have l
not seen the report of the majority." That ;
language relates to the time of presenting these 1
views,.and it goes to the country in that form : |
" we have not seen the report of the majority." ,
Mr. BALIR. I will state to the Senator
from Pennsylvania that wheu those words were
written, as a matter of course, we had not
seen the report of the majority ; the manu-
script containing those words was in the hands
of the Printer before we saw it.
Mr. SCOTT. That much is an explanation
of the meaning of the language; but it goes
out to the country as made now that "we have
not seen the report of the majority." lam
very glad the gentleman has made the explan- I
ation.
On Saturday when the committee met no
objection was made that there had been no
time to consider it, and the report was submit-
ted and adopted. On tbe same evening the
views of the minority were in like manner
presented and put in the hands of the members
of the committee. On Saturday morning the
report of the majority was adopted. On Sat-
urday evening the views of the minority were
placed in the hands of all the members of the
committee.
I have no other desire in making this state-
ment than to exonerate the committee before
the Senate and before the country of the
charge which is certainly here contained, if
not intended, that they have submitted this
report without giving the minority ample op-
portunity to know both their conclusions and
their reasoning, and ample opportunity to sub-
mit their own views. 1 think it is due to any
committee, especially one charged with a sub
ject as delicate as this one and likely to excite
party feeling, that the members should act to-
ward with each other with as much forbearance
and courtesy as possible, and Iliad rather that
the report and the views of the minority should
come in without rendering it necessary that I
should say a word of this character. 1 do it
simply in justice to the committee, and with
no unkind feeling toward members of the
minority, but to call attention to what are as-
sertions on the face of the paper that will be
received by the country as complaints against
the fairness of the action of the majority of
the committee.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to say that the state-
ments made by the minority of the committee
are that this report was submitted without
being read, and sent to the Printer, and that
the minority had no proper opportuniiy of
examining it. It was intended to say that for
that reason, and that reason alone, the minority
were compelled to submit their views of the
testimony as they did. It was offered as an
excuse, ihat for that reason, not knowing what
the majority had commented upon, what por-
tions of the testimony they had relied upon,
and what recommendations they had made,
the minority were compelled to go more into
detail and to comment upon testimony which
perhaps it would be found that the majoiity
did not rely upon. The Senator would find at
page 507, if he had continued the sentence,
that the minority declared that for that reason,
because they had not seen the report, they
were compelled to go more into detail. It
was offered as an excuse to the Senate and to
the country for the very elaborate report which
the minority found it necessary to submit upon
the whole testimony, not knowing what por-
tions of the testimony the majority ot the com-
mittee relied upon. I think the Senator is
unnecessarily nervous about this matter. He
was told by the members of the minority that
there was no intention to reflect upon him. I
admit that it was almost an impossibility for
us to read and consider his report, and it was
necessary to have it printed; and that made
it necessary for us to go more into detail and
to comment upon testimony which we did not
know whether the majority would rely upon in
their report or not. Ihat is the sense m which
the minority intended the phraseology which
they have used. I make this explanation
because I do not desire (and I think it was not
the purpose of any member of the minoiity of
theeommittee) to reflect on the majority for
taking the course they did in that matter.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, buttorthe
remarks of the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, who introduced the subject at-this
time as explanatory of certain language used
by the minority in conveying their views to
the Senate, it would not have occuirod to me
to say anything in regard to the action of the
minority in this case. I also submit that my
honorable friend from Pennsylvania has been
over-sensitive on the subject in regard to the
reasons which prompted the minoiity of the
committee to differ from the majoiity, and
express their views in relation to that differ-
ence as they have done.
The testimony in this case is almost unpre-
cedented iu its bulk; it is a perfect pile of
matter, such as I doubt will ever be read by
any one human being in the United States.
