1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3799
ther consideration of the petition of Edward
L. Young for a pension; and that the same
be ieferred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
The motion was agreed to.
MRS. MARY C. BELL.
Mr. SCOFIBLD moved that the Committee
on Naval Affairs be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorial of Mrs.
Mary C. Bell, of Evansville, Indiana, praying
an increase of pension, and that the same be
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
The motion was agreed to.
MRS MAltY A. DODD
Mr. SCOF1ELD moved that the Committee
on Naval Affairs be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of Mrs. Mary
A. Dodd, of Portsmouth, Virginia, widow
of Matthew M. Dodd, late a carpenter in the
United States Navy, praying for a pension,
and that the same be referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
PILOTS OF MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved that the Committee
on Naval Affairs be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 38) for the relief of the pilots of the
Mississippi squadron and their surviving fami-
lies, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
ANNA A. M'MANUS.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved that the Committee
on Naval Affairs be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of Anna A.
McManus, widow of A. C. McManus, late of
Boston, Massachusetts, who was killed while
making repairs on board the United States
ship Kearsarge, and that the same be referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
LEWIS CHESTER.
Mr. SCOFIBLD moved that the Committee
on Naval Affairs be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the papers in the case
of Lewis Chester, formerly assistant surgeon
in the United States Navy, praying for a pen-
sion, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
RECONSIDERATION OF REFERENCES.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to reconsider the
votes by which these various petitions, &c.,
have been referred ; and also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WIDOW OF ADMIRAL FARRAGUT.
Mr. SCOFIELD reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs a bill (S. No. 746)
granting a pension to the widow of the late
Admiral Farragut.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-roll the name of Virginia L. Farragut,
widow of D. G. Farragut, deceased, late
admiral of the United States Navy, and to
allow and pay her from the interest on the
Navy pension fund a pension at the rate of
$2,000 per atmum from and after the passage
of this act.
The SPEAKER. To the passage of this
bill the Chair hears no objection. It will be
considered read the third time and passed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. , I desire
to enter an objection merely for the purpose
of saying that the amount is not one half
enough.
The SPEAKER. In that opinion the Chair
agrees.
Mr. DICKEY. Suppose we double it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
move an amendment of that kind if it would
not endanger the passage of the bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. It is a Senate bill, and it
grants all that was asked. At this period
of the session an amendment might endanger
the final passage of the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
the consideration that deters me from offering
an amendment.
There being no objection, the bill was
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IUSLIBF OF CERTAIN NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. SCOFIELD, from the same commit-
tee, also reported back a bill (S. No. 854) for
the relief of certain officers of the Navy, with
an amendment.
The bill, which was read, provides that in
conformity with, and to carry into effcct the
recommendation and conclusions of the board
of officers organized in pursuance of the "res-
olution for the relief of certain officers of the
Navy," approved July 1, 1870, the President
of the United States be authorized, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate,
to restore Commodore Joseph F. Green
to his original position on the Navy list,
next below Rear Admiral Boggs; to promote
Commodore John Do Camp to his original
relative position as a rear admiral on the
retired list; to promote Commodore Charles
W. Pickering to the grade of commodore
on the retired list, with the retired pay of
his advanced rank; to advance Captain
Egbert Thompson in rank next below Captain
Thomas G. Corbin ; to promote Commander
Samuel R. Franklin, to take rank next after
Commander James S. Thornton ; to restore
Commander Edward Y. McCauley to his
original rank, next after Commander W. D.
Whiting; to restore Commanders John H.
Russell, A. W. Johnson, P. 0. Johnson, John
Walters, A. E. K. Benhatn, Austin Pender-
grast, and W. P. MeCann, respectively, to
their original places on the Navy list; and to
advance Lieutenant Commanders James H.
Sands and Charles D. Sigsby each ten num-
bers in his grade for gallant service.
The amendment of the committee was read
as follows:
Strike out these words :
And to advance Lieutenant Commanders James
II. Sands und Charles D. Sigsbee each ton numbers
in his grade for gallant service.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs will state why
that portion of the bill is stricken out.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Those were not included
in the original law which authorized this board
to act on officers who felt themselves aggrieved.
Nobody had been promoted over them. They
had their original places. The Committee on
Naval Affairs were of the opinion this com-
mission ought not to have gone into the regis-
try at large to see who should be promoted
for gallant services and who should not.
Mr. RANDALL. Then these gentlemen
have not suffered any injustice or any apparent
injustice.
Mr. SCOFIELD. That is the opinion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading ; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EFFICIENT SEAMEN FOR TIIE NAVY.
Mr. SCOFIELD, from the same committee,
also reported back a bill (H. R. No. 030) to
promote the efficiency of seamen for the Navy
of the United States, with an amendment.
The bill, which was read, in the first section
provides that in addition to the number of
men and boys now authorized by law in the
Navy of the United States, there shall be an-
nually received into the naval service, as far
as practicable from all parts of the country,
not more than three hundred boys, of not less
than fifteen nor more than seventeen years of
age, who, upon examination, shall have been
found of good moral character and physically
capable to serve in the Navy as apprentices
until the age of twenty-one years, unless
sooner discharged therefrom for incapacity
or misconduct, and to be distinguished from
other boj's in the service by the appellation
of Uniou apprentices, and to receive such
rate of pay as may be fixed by the President
of the United States.
The second section provides that any such
apprentice serving until the age of twenty-one
years, and certified by his commanding officers
to have been of good character and conduct
during his service, shall be entitled to an
examination for promotion to the grade of
Union seaman; which examination shall bo
made by aboard of officers detailed for that pur-
pose ; which board shall report upon the pro-
fessional and physical qualifications of the ap-
plicant, and, if their report be favorable, the
Secretary of the Navy shall issue to the appli-
cant an appointment as a Union seaman,
which appointment shall be held by him,
unless taken from him by sentence of a gen-
eral court-martial, until his death or resigna-
tion.
The third section provides that Union sea-
men shall be of two classes: those of the first
class shall be considered to correspond to the
rate of seamen, and those of the second class
to the rate of ordinary seamen. Union ap-
prentices may be promoted to either class as
they may be found qualified.
The fourth section provides that Union sea-
men shall be borne on the Navy Register ; shall
wear a distinctive uniform or badge ; shall be
eligible to promotion to petty officers' ratings
and to the position of warrant officers, and
may receive permanent appointments as such;
shall be entitled, when within the limits of
the United States, and when not attached to
a sfia going vessel, to resign their appoint-
ments, and to receive such leave of absence
as the regulations may allow; and shall al-
ways be subject to orders for duty.
The fifth section provides that the Secretary
of the Navy shall require of all commanding
officers having Union apprentices or Union;
seamen under their command to give special
attention to their training and conduct, and
to make periodical reports of their general
character and conduct, and also as to the
working of the system established under this
act.
The sixth section provides that seamen and
ordinary seamen over twenty-one years of age,
now or hereafter enlisted in tbe Navy, may,
after a service therein of five years, including
any service prior to the passage of this act,
upon producing certificates from their com-
manding officers of good character and con-
duct, and upon passing an examination, as
hereinbefore provided in the case of Union
apprentices, be entitled to receive appoint-
ments as Union seamen, with the same force
and effect as authorized in the case of such
apprentices.
The seventh section provides that Union
seamen appointed under this act shall not be
in addition to, but a part of the whole num-
ber of seamen which may at any time be
allowed by law in the Navy.
The eighth section provides that from and
after the passage of this act there shall be
made to the petty officers and others of infe-
rior rating in the naval service of the United
States, the same allowance for clothing as is
now or may hereafter be made to the non-
commissioned officers, privates, musicians,
and boys in the Army or in the Marine corps
of the United States.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The Committee on Naval
