1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2903
to wear it. And the youngest son, fresh from his
college studies, plunged into the war with all the
fire and zeal of boyhood, and at the age of nine-
teen marched to the army before Boston as
adjutant of the first Connecticut regiment.
Young as he was, he was made aid-do-camp
to the Commander-in-Chief of the American
forces the first year of the war, and was colonel
and adjutant general the second year. His
pencil has preserved for us the scenes of some
of the principal events of the war for inde-
pendence. The Trumbull gallery at Yale Col-
lege is alike his monument, and his tomb. By
authority of Congress, in 1817, he was author-
ized to paint the historical pictures for the
Rotunda of the new Capitol. So long as the
stones of this Capitol shall remain in their
places let the statue of the father stand among
the founders and benefactors of all the States
of the Union; and so long as its lofty Dome
shall swell toward the skies, let the son speak
from the canvas of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, and of the battle scenes hy which
we gained our place among the nations of the
earth.
The youth of Sherman was far different
from that of Trumbull. For him no college
opened wide its doors ; for him there was no
royal or easy road to learning. For him, his
earliest youth was a toil and struggle for the
ordinary necessities of life. Born in Newton,
Massachusetts, in April, 1721, his parents
removed with him two years after to Stoughton,
in that State. Wiih no means of education,
except ihe limited and meager facilities of the
common schools of that day, as much below
those of the present as the latter are below
the highest universities of the land, he was
early sent as an apprentice to learn the trade
of a shoemaker ; and at the age of nineteen
was left to the care and support of a widowed
mother and a large family of younger chil-
dren. He devoted himself to that duty.
There is something beautiful in the picture
that is sometimes seen in life, of a youth
hardly yet, on the verge of manhood, assum-
ing cheerfully the duty and the burden of pro-
viding for a dependent family, left helpless by
the death of a father. It is virtue, fraternal,
filial, and heroic as that which bore a father
from the flames of Troy. Roger Sherman did
more. Feeling deeply the disadvantages in
his own case of a want of more facilities for
education, as his industry afterward accumu-
lated the means, he gave two of his younger
brothers an education for professional life.
Removing at the age of twenty-three with his
mother and family from eastern Massachu-
setts to the town of New Milford, m western
Connecticut, it is related that he traveled the
whole distance on foot and carried his kit
of tools upon his shoulders. With a burn-
ing and unconquerable thirst for knowledge,
he became a self taught mathematician and
scholar. Like Washington, he became a sur-
veyor; like Franklin, he made astronomical
calculations and prepared tables for almanacs
published in the city of New York. Borrow-
ing a law book or two, without a day's instruc-
tion in law school or office, he mastered the
principles of legal science and was admitted
to the bar when thirty-three years old, an age
most men would think too far advanced to
begin the work of such a profession ; yet he
became one of the first jurists in the State.
The next year he was elected to the colo-
nial Legislature, and then began his public
life, which continued almost without interrup-
tion until his death. After a few years of
practice he was made judge of the county
court of Litchfield county. Removing to New
Haven in 1761, he was soon appointed to the
same office in that county ; and in 1766 he was
'appointed judge of the superior or highest
court in the colony, which office he held
twenty-three years, until after the adoption
of the Federal Constitution. For nineteen
years he was also assistant, or member of
the upper branch of the General Assembly.
With Trumbull, he was among the foremost
to resist the oppressive measures of taxation,
and the encroachments of the Crown on the
rights of the colony. The stamp tax, with
such men at the head of the people, could not
be enforced in Connecticut. The stamps sent
there were returned, uncanceled and unsold;
and though her deeds at that date ran in the
name and year of King George, no deed or
parchment oil her records bears the blot of his
stamp upon its face. He was elected to the
first general Congress of the colonies that
assembled in 1774; and with all his duties as
judge, as assistant, and as member of the Gov-
ernor's council of safety in his own State, he
was a leading member of Congress, and upou
its most imp irtant and laborious committees.
It is enough to show the estimation in which
he was held by his associates in Congress, that
he was selected as one of the committee of
five, with Jefferson, Adams, Franklin, and
Livingston, to prepare a draft of the Declara-
tion of American Independence. The world
knows how well the work was done. Sherman
with Adams had no fear but that their work
would stand ; his life had been one of encounter
with obstacles that most men would shrink
from, and he saw none to intimidate him in
the pathway to independence. Yet those men
ad knew when they signed that Declaration,
that their only alternative was success or a
scaffold. Hanging was then more popular for
treason, as well as other crimes, than it is
now. When young Charles Carroll, of Mary-
land, hastening to be in time to sign the Decla-
ration wrote his name, it is said that some of
the delegates remarked, "You will get clear,
there are several of your name in Maryland."
With a dash of his pen he wrote the words "of
Carrollton,'' saying, "They will know me
now " And in all those fifty six immortal
names, with bold John Hancock's at their
head, there is no trace of trembling or agitation
in a single signature save one, and his hand
trembled only from age and paralysis, for he
knew no fear.
The spirit of the English law, as well as
the rage of England at their colonies for their
resistance, was then such as to insure sum-
mary execution for the leaders, in the army as
well as in Congress, if they were unsuccessful.
When some one sneeringly remarked, for per-
sons spoke sneeringly of those in office then
as well as now, that Governor Trumbull's
family were well provided for, the younger
Trumbull replied, " Yes, we are well provided
for; we are sure of four halters if we do not
succeed."
At the close of the war Sherman was ap-
pointed one of a committee of two to make the
first complete revision of the statute laws of
his State, a work which was admirably per-
formed. He was chosen the first mayor of the
city of New Haven, when her charter was
granted in 1784, which office her citizens com-
pelled him to hold until his death, though
absent much of the time in discharge of the
duties of his other positions.
But a work of far more importance to the
country and the world awaited Sherman. A
common danger and a common necessity had
held the States together during the war ; but
when that bond of union was gone, their Arti-
cles of Confederation were found to be what
Lord North stigmatized them in the outset, "a
rope of sand." Outbreaks and armed resist-
ance to law were occurring in some of the
most patriotic States. A Convention was called
as a last resort to devise some way to give the
general Congress additional powers, and to
provide a remedy for the existing defects in
the articles of union. Sherman, Ellsworth,
and William Samuel Johnson, the three ablest
lawyers in the State, were appointed delegates
from Connecticut.
From May till the Convention adjourned
in September, 1787, Sherman was constantly
present, and was one of the leading minds in
proposing, advocating, and adopting the great
distinctive features of the Constitution. Ho
had made the science of government a study
for years, and there was found among his
papers after his death, a manuscript prepared
several years before the Convention of 1787,
containing provisions for remedying the defects
of the old Articles of Confederation, nearly
all of which were substantially incorporated
in the new Constitution. He was thoroughly
imbued with the doctrine of State rights in its
true sense; nof that miserable perversion of the
term, called State sovereignty, that would in-
clude the right of withdrawal from the bond of
Union, dissolution and universal ruin. He
represented the principles of his State faith-
fully in this respect, for Connecticut was one
of the earliest and foremost in its assertion
of the doctrine of State rights. She was far in
advance of the other colonies or States upon
this question, for she had lived under a char-
ter and form of government that made her
substantially a free and independent colony
for more than a hundred years. Her dele-
gates alone of all the colonies had refused to
enter into a union, proposed in convention at
Albany, July 4, 1754, just twenty-two years
before the Declaration of Independence, for
the common defense of the colonies, with a
grand council chosen by the colonies, and a
governor general appointed by the Crown.
They feared that it might "be employed to
the subversion of the.r liberties." In Sher-
man's language, as a brief abstract of it is
found in the Madison Papers, early in the
proceedings of the Convention of 1787, " the
objects of the union he thought were few:
first, defense against foreign dauger ; secondly,
against internal disputes and a resort to force;
thirdly, treaties with foreign nations; fourthly,
regulating foreign commerce and drawing rev-
enue from it." These, with a "few lesser
objects," he said, were all that "rendered a.
confederat'.on of the States necessary ; all
other matters, civil and criminal, would be
much better in the hands of the States."
Sherman's clear conception of the rights of
the people and the proper powers of govern-
ment were such that he saw more plainly
than some of his associates that neither State
nor national Government should be recognized
as having too broad powers of legislation.
Early in the proceedings of the Convention
Mr. Randolph, of Virginia, submitted a series
of resolutions for action. One of them de-
clared "that the national Legislature ought
to be empowered to enjoy the legislative rights
vested in Congress by the Confederation, and
moreover to legislate in all cases to which the
separate States are incompetent, or in which
the harmony of the United States may be in-
terrupted by the exercise of indiv.dual legis-
lation." When the question was taken in
Committee of the Whole upon this clause of
Mr. Randolph's resolutions the delegates of
every State voted for its adopt'.ou except Con-
necticut, which was divided; Roger Sherman
alone of all the delegates being recorded as
voting " no." And it was Mr. Sherman's pen
that afterward, in the First Congress, gave the
tenth article of amendment its peculiar form
and phraseology, that "the powers not dele-
gated to the United States by the Constitution,
nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved
to the States respectively, or to the people."
One of the propositions urged in the Con-
vention was the power of a negative by a two-
thirds vote of. Congress upon all laws passed
by State Legislatures interfering, "in the opin-
ion of Congress," with the general interests
and harmony of the Union; and this was ad-
vocated by such statesmen as Madison and
Piuckuey. Sherman vigorously opposed it.
as subversive of the rights of the States, and
this and other kindred propositions were finally
defeated. 'The question of one term only for
the presidential office was repeatedly discussed;
and a clause to that effect was adopted, with a
longer term of office, by the votes of all the
States but Connecticut and Georgia. It was
