1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2007
The yea£ and nays were ordered.
The question was taken 5 and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 26, nays 146, not voting
68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arthur, Beatty,
Bright, Campbell, Cox, Davis, Du Bose, Duke, Ely,
Harmer, John T. Harris, Hoar, Kerr, Manson,Mcln-
tyre, McNeely, Niblack, Read, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, Slocum, Terry, Van Trump, Warren, and
Winchester—26.
NAYS —Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Ames, Averill,
Barber, Barry, Beck, Bell, Bigby, Bigg3, Bird, Austin
Blair, Braxton, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buf-
finton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin J?. Butler,
Caldwell, Cobb, Coburn. Coghlan, Conger, Conner,
Cotton, Creeiy,Crocker,.Crossiand, Dickey, Donnati,
Box, Duell, Bunnell, Fames, Eldredge, Elliott,
Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Henry J). Foster,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Garrett, Getz, Gol-
laday, Goodrich, Griffith, Haldeman, Halsey, Hand-
ley, Harmer, Hanks, Harper, George E. Harris, Haw-
ley, Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Ilazelton, John W. Hazel-
ton, Hibbard, Hill, Kelley. Kendall, Ketcham, Kil-
linger, ICinsc. Laraison, Lansing, Leach, Lewis,
Marshall, Maynard, McClelland, McCormick, Mc-
Grew, McJunkin, Mercur, Merriam, Beujamin F.
Meyers, Mitchell, Monroe, Moore. Morey, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard, Palmer, Isaac C. Par-
ker, Peck, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Peters, Po-
land, Price, Prindle, Randall, Edward Y. Rice,
Ellis II. Roberts, Rogers. Roosevelt, Rusk, Sawyer,
Scofield, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Sheilabarger,
Sherwood, Shoemaker, Slater, Sloss, H. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Thomas J.
Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens, Storm,
Stoughton, Sto well, Sutherland.Taffe.Dwight Town-
send, Washington Townsend, Turner, Twichell,
Tyner. Upson, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Wake-
man, Walden, Waldrorj, Wallace, Wells, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Willard, Williams of Indiana. Williams
of New York, Jeremiah M.Wilson, and Young—146.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Barnum, Bev-
eridge, Bingham, James G. Blair, Boles, James
Brooks, Roderick R. Butler, Carroll, William T.
Clark, Freeman Clarke, Commgo, Crebs, Critcher,
Darrall, Dawes, De Large, Farnsworth, Harwell,
Forker, Hale, llambleton, Hancock, Havens, Ilero-
iord, Herndon, Holman, Hooper, Houghton, Kel-
logg, Kinseila, Lamport, Lowe, Lynch, McCrary,
McHenry, McKee, McKinney, Merrick, Morgan,
Morphis, Packer, Hosea W. Parker, Pendleton,
Porce, Piatt-, Porter, Potter, Rainey, William R.
Roberts, Robinson, Sargent, Seeiey, bhober, Worth-
ington 0. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Stevenson, Strong,
St. John, Swann, Sypher, Thomas, Tuthill, Walls,
Whitthorne, John X.Wilson,and Wood—68.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question next recurs
on the motion to adjourn, 011 which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 27, nays 126, not voting
87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arthur, Beatty,
Campbell,J3ox, Davis, Du Bose, Ely, Hauibleton,
John T. ftarris, Hereford, Hibbard, Kerr, Lewis,
McNeely, Merrick, Niblack, Read, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, Slater, Swann, Terry, Van Trump, Warren,
and Winchester—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Ames, Averill,
Barber, Barry, Bell, Beveridge, Bigby, Bisrgs, Bird,
Braxton, Bright, George M. Brooks, Buffinton,
Burchard, Caldwell, Cobb, Conger, Conner, Cotton,
Creeiy, Crocker, Crossland, Darrall, Dickey, Don-
nan, Dox, Duell, Dunnell, Eames, Elliott, Finkoln-
burg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garrett,
Getz, Golladay. Goodrich, Griffith, Haldeman, Hale,
Handley, Hank*, Harmer, George E. Harris, Hay,
Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Uazelton, Hern-
don, Hoar, Hooper, Keliev. Kendall, Ketcham,
Kiilinger, King, Lamison, Lansing, Leach, Lowe,
Lynch, Manson, Marshall, Maynard, McClelland,
McCormick, McGrew, McHenrv, Mclntyre, Mc-
Junkin, Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyers, Moore,
Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Orr, Palmer,Peck.
Pendleton, Aarou F. Perry, Eli Perry, Price, Ran-
dall, Edward Y. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, Rogers,
Roosevelt, Rusk, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Sheila-
barger, Sherwood, Shober, Shoemaker, Sloss, H.
Bo aid man Smith, R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer,
Sprague, Starkweather, Stevenson, Storm, Stough-
ton, Stowell, Taffe, Dwight Townsend,Washington
Townsend, Twichell, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell,
Wukeman, Walden, Wallace, Wheeler, Whiteley,
Whitthorne, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New
York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Young—126.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Barnum, Beck,
Bingham, Austin Blair, JamesG. Blair,Boles, James
Brooks, Buckley, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R.Butler,Carroll, William T.Clark, Free-
man Clarke, Coburn, Coghlan, Comingo, Crebs,
Critcher, Dawes, De Large, Duke, Eidredge, Farns-
worth, Farwell, Forker, Henry D. Foster, Garfield,
Halsey, Hancock, Harper, Havens, Hawley, Hill,
Holman, Houghton, Kellogg, Kinseila, Lamport,
McCrary, McKee, McKinney, Mercur, Mitchell,
Monroe, Morgan, Negiey, Packard, Packer, Hosea
W. Parker, Isaac 0. Parker, Perce, Peters, Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Potter, Prindle, Rainey, William R.
Roberts, Robinson, Sargent, Seeiey, Shanks, Shel-
don, Slocum, John A.Smith, Worthington C.Smith,
Snapp, Snyder. Stevens, Strong, St. John, Suth-
erland, Sypher, Thomas, Turner. Tuthill, Tyner,
Upson, Waldron, Walls, Wells, Willard, John T.
Wilson, and Wood—87.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I wish to make
a suggestion to the House. I propose, if that
course will be acceptable to the House, to
enter a motion to recommit the bill. On that
motion the fullest discussion may be had until,
say, four o'clock. I will then call the previous
question and ask a vote on the bill. This will
allow two hours for debate, during which the
whole question of amendments may be dis-
cussed ; and then if at four o'clock, when we
come to have a vote on calling the previous
question, there should be a majority of the
House in favor of voting on the amendments,
of course the previous question will not be
seconded. If a majority of the House should
desire to vote directly on the bill, the previous
question will be seconded. Under this prop-
osition there will be two hours for discussion,
which will give gentlemen ample time to give
their views on the whole question.
Mr. BECK. Will that give us a chance to
offer amendments?
Mr. STARKWEATHER, If the majority
of the House after this discussion wish to have
the amendments come in, they will of course
vote down the previous question. But if after
this discussion the majority of the House does
not wish to have all these amendments voted
on, then of course we will have the previous
question ordered.
Mr. BLDRBDGrE. That would put it within
the power of the House, by refusing to second
the previous question, to order trie amend-
ments to be voted on if the House saw fit.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
proposition submitted by the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Starkweather.] The gen-
tleman proposes to enter amotion to recommit
the bill, and on that to allow a discussion of
the bill to progress for two hours, and then to
test the sense of the House upon the previous
question. If the previous question is ordered,
the gentleman's proposition is that there shall
be 110 more dilatory motions. If it is not
ordered, the bill of course will be open to
amendment.
Mr. BECK. What I want to get at, speak-
ing for myself only, is this: that at least the
amendments offered by the minority of the
committee shall be considered and voted on.
What we have been contending for so long is
the right of the minority of the committee to
present their views and have the House pass
upon them. We do not propose to give up
that right, and to have the bill passed without
a chance being afforded to the minority of the
committee of even presenting their views for
the consideration and action of the House.
If the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Starkweather] will consent to that, we will
withdraw our opposition.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The amendments
have been printed, and are before the House.
Mr. BECK. Printingthe amendments does
not do any good if we cannot vote upon thetn.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. If the majority
of the House wish to vote on the amend-
ments, they can vote down the call for the
previous question.
Mr, KERR. The House can do that iden-
tical thing now without discussion.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The House is not dis-
posed to do that identical thing now.
Mr. KERR. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather]
gives us no advantage. It is no concession.
It does not yield to us the right which we de- j
mand here in the interest of the country at
large, and we will not accept it.
Mr. DICKEY. Very well; let us go on
with the funeral. [Laughter.]
Mr. BECK. What we want is, that the pro-
position requiring this company, or any other
company which may get the benefit of it, to
pay for this property, shall be considered by
the House.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Stark-
weather] being objected to, that ends it.
Mr. KERR. I now move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole for
the consideration of the Army appropriation
bill.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. That is a very proper
proposition. Let us go to the business of the
country.
Mr. DICKEY. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] is prepared to take charge
of that bill.
Mr. KERR. I am quite willing to do that,
and I think I can do it as well as the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey.]
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Is the motiou
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] iu
order? I believe that motion has been nega-
tived, and the motion to reconsider laid on the
table.
The SPEAKER. Subsequently other mo-
tions have intervened, and the motion is again
in order.
The question being put on Mr. Kerb's
motion, that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole for the.consideration of
the Army appropriation bill, there were—ayes
53, noes 82.
Mr. BEATTY called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken; and there
were—yeas 49, nays 109, not voting 82; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arthur, Beatty,
Beilj Braxton, Bright, Campbell, Coburn, Crebe,
Davis, Du Bose, Duke, Finkelnburg, Hambleton,
Hancock, John T. Harris. Hay, Hereford, Herndon,
Hibbard, King, Lewis. Manson, Marshall, McCor-
mick, McUiew, Mclntyre, McNeely, Monroe, Morey,
Niblack, Poland, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M.
Rice, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, Rpragno, Stevenson,
Storm, Swann, Terry, Tyner, Upsou, Van Trump,
Whitthorne, Willard, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Amblerl Ames, Averill,
Barber, Barry, Beck, Beveridge, Bigby, Bisgs, Bird,
Austin Blair, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffin-
ton, Burchard, Benjamin F. Butler, Cobb, Coghlan,
Conger, Cotton, Creeiy, Crocker, Darrall, Dickoy,
Donnan, Dox, Duell, Dunnell, Eamo?, Eldredgo,
Elliott, Ely, Charles Foster, Henry I). Foster, Wil-
der D. Foster, Frye, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Good-
rich,Griffith, Hale, Handley, Hanks, Harmer, Haw-
ley, Gerry W. Uazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill,
Hoar, Hooper, Kelloy,, Kendall, Kerehatn, Lamison,
Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard,
McClelland, McJunkin,Mercur, Merriam, Bonjamin
F. Meyers, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard,
Palmer, Hosea W.Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Aaron
F. Perry, Peters, Potter, Price, Prindle, Randall,
Rogers, Rusk, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheilabarger, Sherwood, Shoemaker. Slater, John
A.Smith, ft. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Stark-
weather, Stevens, Stoughton, Stowell, Taffe, Dwight
Townsend. Washington Townsend, Vaughan, Wal-
dron, Wallace, Whiteley, Williams of Indiana.
Williams of New York, John T. Wilson, and
Young—109.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Banks, Barnum, Bing-
ham, James G. Blair, Boles, James Brooks, Burdett,
Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Carroll, William T.
Clark, Freeman Clarke, Comingo, Conner, Cox,
Critcher. Cropland, Dawes, De Largo, Farnsworth,
Farwell, Forker, Garfield, Huldeman, Halsey, Har-
per, George E. Harris, Havens, Hoys, Holman,
Houghton, Kellogg, Kerr, Kiilinger, Kinseila, Mc-
Crary, McHenry, Mclveo, McKinney, Merrick,
Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Morphis, Packer. Isaac
C.Parker, Percc,Eli Perry, Piatt, Porter, Rainey,
William R. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevolt. Sargent,
Seeiey, Sheldon, Shober, Slocum, Sloss, H. Board-
man Smith. Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder,
Strong, St. John,Sutherland, Sypher, Thomas. Tur-
ner, Tuthill, Twichell, Voorhees, addell. Wake-
man, Walden, Walls, Warren, Wells, Wheeler,
Winchester, and Wood—82.
So the motion of Mr. KEKRwasnotagreedto.
Mr. BECK. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken.
Mr. SPEEB, of Pennsylvania. As a friend
of this bill, I appeal to the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Starkweather,] who has
charge of it, to allow a vote on the amendments
which gentlemen have indicated a desire to
offer. If this bill is right, as I believe it is,
and if the House is in favor of it, they will
pass it without any amendment. But for the
sake of the friends of the bill, as well as for
