1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iiil
The report of l.lie committee on this testi-
mony was of proportionate bulk. It came
there in the committee-room in proportions
truly terrific to men who had something else
to do than to sit there probably for weeks or
months before they could possibly read through
that mass of manuscript. No one recognizes
the truth more strongly than the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania that it would have
been impossible for any man to have gathered
from that huge mountain of manuscript any
idea of what it contained in order to make
a reasonable examination of it and anything
like a reply. For the purpose, therefore, ot
giving us an idea of what this vast pile of
manuscript contained, of allowing some oppor-
tunity for explanation, this vast pile of man-
uscript, which made when printed something
near three hundred pages of printed matter,
was returned to the committee room on last
Thursday morning. Then did the first moment
arrive when it was practicable for us to know
what the committee had stated in their report,
and the conclusions they had arrived at.
It was very well known to every member of
the committee that there would be dissent
from the views of the majority. It was known
all along. I believe it was believed when the
committee was .first raised. That fact has
been confirmed by every step which has been
taken in the course of the examination. Each
had to draw the materials of their report from
this vast reservoir which is here before us now
in the shape of some ten thousand printed
pages, more or less.
On last Thursday morning the printed report
was laid on the committee table. I can only
say that at that very tune the views of the
minority were passing through the press. The
first proof-sheets of the views of' the minority
reached us in this Chamber on the very morn-
ing we first saw the printed report of the
majority. Therefore, if my honorable friend
from Pennsylvania really meant to say to tlie
people of the country, whom he addressed in
this speech, that there was "full and ample
opportunity" for the reply to his very elab-
orate report, consisting of nearly three hun-
dred pages, when he knew we were then mak-
ing our report from a different point of view
upon this whole field of action, he certainly
was scarcely reasonable or just. "Full and
ample opportunity to reply" means giving one
manual possession of the report, that wo may
have time to read it, time to consider its state-
ments, time to reply to its conclusions. Now,
I say that if we had taken that time we could
not have made our report to the Senate for a
week or ten days to come at least; but as an
actual fact, which the records of .the Printing
Office will disclose, the proof-sheets of the
minority report were passing through the press
before the majority's report had been printed
and handed to the committee.
However, 1 see precisely the point that is
to be made by establishing the fact that ihese
two reports were in course of preparation at
the same time. The practical necessities of
the case compelled that to be so. The views
of the minority have extended to great length.
There are some five hundred and eighty-eight
pages. We considered it necessary to extend
the document to that great length in order to
meet and cover any possible charges contained
in the three hundred pages of the majority
report, which, I say here again, we had no
possible opportunity of understanding. To
point a man to a mountain of manuscript and
say, "Go through with that by Saturday
next," would be as reasonable as to tell him
' to go to Europe and return in the course of
three days. We have not reached that facility
of motion yet, whatever may be the discov-
eries hereafter. We might as well now ask
the Senator to consider the views of the mi-
nority and answer them upon five minutes'
notice as to expect us to consider and reply
to his report within the tune given us, two
days after it was printed.
I do not consider there was any intention
on the part of the minority to reflect upon the
majority in any way as depriving them of the
opportunity they desired, to inspect the re-
port. I do not believe, if we had inspected
that report, we should have concurred in its
conclusions. I am very far from thinking so,
for since the report of the majority has been
in my hands, and the views of the minority
had been drawn up, I have had a little more
time to go through it, and if to-day we were
to start anew to express the views of the
minority, I do not think there would be much
concurrence in the report of the majority.
Such at least is my impression. Therefore if
the idea is meant here to be expressed that
the minority claimed that they had not had the
opportunity to see this report, and for that
reason were forced into expressing their views
without that light, I can only say that that
forms a very meager proportion of that urgency
which compelled t.hem to submit their views.
As to the remark also that the report speaks
from the moment it is presented, that is true ;
but all reasonable men know there is 110 truth
that is not relative to other truths. Every man
knows that when a report of some five hundred
and odd pages is presented it is not struck off
in the heat of the hour in which it is pre-
sented. The time necessarily required for
mere manual preparation.involves a period of
several days, or;.' may be several weeks. One
report was presented 011 Thursday ; the other
report, with all the aid of the printing press of
the Government, is not ready by Saturday night
following. And, as I say, before the printed
pages of the majority report are laid 011 our
tables the report of the minority was even then
passing through the press. Every one who
reads the two will read them in the light of
common sense and practical knowledge of the
facts, and all will see that there is no sugges-
tion in the views of the minority which bears
out what I cannot but consider oversensitive-
ness 011 the part of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania. There is no suggestion by the minority
that there was a concealment or suppression
from them of the report agreed upon by the
majority. I do not think there was. liut,
there was not " full and ample opportunity '!
given to the minority to read and consider the
report of tlie majority before they should pre-
pare and submit their views at length.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not wish to prolong this
discussion. My object is attained, the object
of the committee is attained, and if there has
been any sensitiveness manifested it was not
mine; it was that of the committee. 1 am
acting as the organ of the committee, livery
member ot the majority of the committee felt
that such great injustice had been done that
they devolved it upon me as a duty, as the
chairman of the committee, to bring this sub-
ject to the notice of the Senate. I say my
object is attained, for now we have it avowed
on the floor of the Senate by the Senator from
Delaware, candidly, frankly, first thata minor-
ity report was intended without reference to
the majority report,; second, that the majority
report was put in the hands of the minority on
Thursday morning in print, and that they do
not pretend to complain of any intention to
deprive them of the opportunity to see it.
Mr. BAYAHI). If we had desired it.
Mr. SCO IT. And, thirdly, the only thing
he speaks of that I desire to call attention to
is the idea that the views of the minority should
be a reply to the report of the majority, ihave
never understood that to be the proper office
of the views of the minority of a committee.
They are to piesent their views of the subject,
of the testimony, as they look upon it, and not-
to sit down as if they were in a court ot justice
where there was to be a beginning and a con-
clusion according to the pleadings, andareply
to the report of tho majority.
I have said my object is accomplished, that
the intention complained of is disavowed, and
I have no further opposition to make to the
printing of the views of the minority. I under-
stand the order is made that the report of the
majority, with the accompanying papers, be
printed.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. That order has
been made, and the views of the minority will
also be published, and unless ordered by the
Senate they will be printed according to the
usage of the Senate together with the report
of the majority. It is so ordered.
Mr. SCOTT submitted the following con-
current resolution ; which was referred to the
Committee on Printing:
Resohetl by the Senate of the United States, (the
House of Representatives concurring.) That forty
thousand extra copies of the report of the joint Com-
mittee to Inquire into the Condition of the late Insur-
rectionary States be printed, including the views of
the minority; ten thousand of which shall be for the
use of the Senate and thirty thousand for the use of
the House of Representatives; also five thousand
extra copies of all the tesfiinony taken by said com-
mittee, fifteen hundred of which shall be for the use
of the Senate and thirty-five hundred for the use of
the House of Representatives.
sales op a It ms to french agents.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired. The unfinished business is
before the Senate, being the resolution of the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner.]
Mr. CONKLING. I inquire of the Chair
whether the yeas and nays have been ordeied
on the pending resolution and preamble?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They have not
been ordered on the resolution, or preamble,
or the amendment. -
Mr. CONKLING. Then I demand the yeas
and nays upon the resolution of the Senator
from Massachusetts, and also upon the pre-
amble.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is 011 the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Cokkling.]
Mr. CONKLING. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that, and then 1 will ask them upon
the other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York demands the yeas and nays upon
the amendment offered by himself to the reso-
lution of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I now ask for theyeaa
and nays on the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President  .
Mr. CONKLING. And also upon the pro-
amble.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, have I a
right to the floor?
Mr. CONKLING. I think I have the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York claims the floor 011 the res-
olution, and before proceeding demands the
yeas and nays.
Mr. CONKLING. I do. I wish to be heard
on the resolution.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts desire to speak on
the call for the yeas and nays? That is not
debatable.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not,, I wish to know
whether the Senator from New York has pos-
session of the floor perpetually on three several
motions. The Senator has made three several
motions. I rose after the Senator had mads
oue, and I understood the Senator claimed the
floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to inter-
fere with the Senator, but he is twice out of
order. First, 1 have the floor; and second,
this demand is not debatable.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish to debate it.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
is debating it certainly, i" a parliamentary
sense, I insist on my demand.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by the usage of the Senate the yeas
and nays can be demanded only upon the pre-
cise question pending before the Senate. They
have been ordered only upon the amendment,
