216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
Mr. SCOTT. I hope we shall, and I do not
desire to- morrow to be in the position of hay-
ing to antagonize this resolution with the bill
which the Senator from South Carolina is
desirous of getting up.
Mr. POMEKOir. That will not interfere
with me. I am rather desirous of antago-
nizing them.
Mr. THURJJ AN. 1 move to reconsider the
other resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICEB, (Mr. Ax-
moxT in the chair.) That motion will be
entered. The question is on the motion of
ihe Senator from Kansas, that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; there being on a
division—ayes 23. noes 15.
KXKCUTIVK SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration
of executive business. After sixteen minutes
spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and (at three o'clock and forty
minutes p. m,) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 19. 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bctler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
MESSAGE FKOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was communi-
cated to the House by Mr. Simpson, one of
its clerks, announcing that ihe Senate had
passed, with amendments, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested, a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 65) relating to the lim-
itation of steam pressure on towing and freight
boats on the Mississippi river and its tributa-
ries.
SUSPENSION' Or NATIONAL BANKS
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous concent, reported from the Committee
on Banking and Currency the following res-
o'Mtion : which was read, considered, and
adopted:
Etic-'red. That the Committee on Banking and
Cdirc-ncy be instructed to examine into tile causes
of lae recent suspension of national banks, and to
eoD-ider if any additional legislation is necessary to
guard against such suspensions in the future.
CHirPEtVAY RIVER
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the fallowing preamble and resolution ;
wi.i'.h were read, considered, and adopted:
Whereas it is alleged that obstructions have been
pl Lced in ihe main channel of the Chippeway river,
a navigable tribotaryot the^Mis-'i^ippi, ft points
below the city of Chippeway .talis, tuo head of navi-
gation ol :?.,iJ river, tciou-ly interfering1 with the
eommer^eof the :nand that diver-- «ehcme-< are
being projected which, if permitted, wiil result in
the further etnbaras-ment of navigation : Therefore,
lctsolred, That the Committee on Commerce be
requested to inquire into the present state of the
Chini'ew-Dv river >-o far as the same has been navi-
gated by steamboats, and if, In their judgment, any
action on the part of Congress be required to effect
the removal of tuch obstructions, or prevent the
erection of works in said river which shall injure its
navigation, to report by biil or otherwise.
lvi.liLL4IION OF t-TiSAM PKESSUKB,
The SPEAKER. The Senate has returned
to the Hous-" a joint resolution (H. R No Go)
relating to the limitation of steam pressure on
towing and freight boats on the Mississippi
river and '>s tributaries, with amendments
changing it to a bill (H. R. No. 773.)
Mr. CONGER. 1 ask unanimous consent
to have those amendments concurred in.
No objection being make, the amendments
were taken from the Speaker's table, and con-
curred in.
The SPEAKER. Members will observe
that the_ Senate is vf-ry stringent in exacting
that legislation shall be in the form of bills
and not joint resolutions.
DUTY OX SALT.
Mr, DUELL, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of the Salt Company of
Onondaga, the Saginaw and Bay Salt Company
and the Ohio River Salt Company, in relation
to the duty on salt; which was ordered to be
referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and to be printed in full in the Daily
Globe.
The following is the memorial referred to :
To the Senate and House of Representatives
of ike United States :
Your memorialists, theSalt Company of Onondaga,
the Saginaw and Bay Salt Company, and the Ohio
River Salt Company respectfully, show : That in-
' formation has reached them to the eflfect thatsingn-
|! lar and extraordinary statement*, in printed form,
'< have recently been put into circulation for the pur-
< pose of procuring petitions in favor of the repeal
I or some sudden and violent change in the duty on
I imported salt. These statements are pat forth in the
! form of a printed circular, issued from the saitim-
! porting houses in Boston, and sent throughout the
.1 country, accompanied by printed petitions and a
\\ request that such petitions be signed and forwarded
!' to Congress. Your memorialists are also informed
i. that credulous persons are signing the said petitions
II andsending them forward to your honorable bodies,
n The circular to which we refer is now before us,
• and it presents a tissue of fable quite as extraor-
dinary as any we have ever seen or read of. It sets
forth-
First. That the present tariff on salt is two hun-
dred per cent., and that it doubles the cost of'salt
to the consumer, without proportional revenue to
the Government. In refutation of this statement
we refer your honorable bodies to the actual tariff
\ as established in 1864, which is precisely eighteen
| cents per one hundred pounds. By looking at the
; quotations* in the New York market, it will be seen
! that this duty does not exceed twenty-five to thirty
I! per cent, upon the average price and value of the
; different kinds of foreign salt in that market; and
as to the revenue received by the Government from
!; that source, we beg to state that under a free trade
|! tariff, as it was in 1860, equal to about one and one-
i1 half cents per bushel, the duties amounted to only
$214,000 on an importation of about fourteen million
bushels annually; whereas, under the tariff as it now
is, the revenue upon an annual importation of only
twelve million bushels amounts to between a million
and a million and a half dollars, being more than
six times greater.
Secondly.—The circular aforesaid states that " the
people pay to the salt monopolists $10,000,000 per an-
num, increased cost of salt caused by the outrageous
duty upon that article." This statement surpasses
anything in the Tales of the Genii, or the Arabian
!! Nights Entertainments. The price of domestic salt
') to-day in all the markets of the country, deducting
j i the actual cost of barrel or package,of transportation,
Ii and expenses of sale, does not exceed twenty-three
'! cents per bushel; and. inasmuch as the whole quan-
i, tity produced in the United States does not amount
j- to more than twenty million bushels annually, the
i said salt monopolists receive only the sum of$4,-
BOO.COOfor manufacturing all the domestic salt annu-
ally consumed in this country. From this statement,
I which we are prepared to verify at any time or place,
i, it wiil be *een that the whole people of the United
i| States pay for the actual manufacture of American
j' salt consumed by them less than one half of the sum
] | which the circular aloresaid assures them that they
il pay for the mere increase of cost produced by the
!i tariff alone. We beg leave to add that the price of
!j our salt everywhere is not at all in excess of the
!: actual cost of production, if we include m such cost
a low rate of interest upon the capital invested.
<; The circular aforesaid concludes by asking those
•! to whom it is sent to '* do the needful '* by procuring
]i signatures and sending forward petitions. We, on
the other hand, most respectfully ask of your honor-
ii able bodies to pay no attention to such fabulous
j statements; to receive only such facts as are true,
J! and such arguments as are pertinent, and to give to
j the subject the patient and dignified consideration
II which it merits.
And, inasmuch as it is not our present purpose to
submit an argument, we conclude by respectfully
asking the attention of your honorable bodies to the
documents which we shall forward without delay,
and which will exhibit all the facts connected with
this branch of industry, and will present the sug-
gestions and considerations which, as it seems to u?,
ought to influence the action of Congress.
Dated December 15,1871.
GEO. F. COMSTOCK,
President Salt Company of Onondaga.
V. B. H0RT0N,
President Ohio River Salt Company.
II. M. FITZHUGH,
President Saginaw and Bay Salt Company.
The annexed is a copy of the circular referred
to in the foregoing memorial:
BOSTOST, November 7.
Deab Sib: The present duty of two hundred per
cent, on salt is a great wrong, for the reason that
the cost of this necessary article is thereby nearly
doubled without bringing proportionate revenue to
the United States Treasury.
The dear people pay into the hands of the salt
monopolists $10,000,000 per annum, increased cost of
salt caused by this outrageous duty. The United
State* Government receives annually not more than
£•1,200,000 revenue from this article.
A stronar effort is being made to procure a repeal
of this obnoxious tax, and you are requested to aid,
by procuring signatures to the petition Kent herewith.
Please do the needful, and return by mail to my
address, in time to be presented in ('"tigress early
in December.
Very respectful*,
Importer and Venter in $'alt,
200 State street and 22 Commerce street.
GENEVA ARBITRATION.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution : which was
read, considered, and adopted :
IteHuloe.*}, That the Secretary of State be requested
to inform this House whether the Matement of the
ease prepared by the atrent of the United States for
the use of the tribunal of arbitration at Geneva has
been printed, am] if to, in what languaire*, at what
establishment, under what restriction- as to uDdue
publicity, and what number of copies have been so
printed; also to furnish a particular account of
the disposition of each copy that has been distrib-
uted, and a statement of the exact number of-copies
remaining on hand.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOOMIS AERIAL TELEGRAPH COMPANY.
Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous concent,
introduced a bill (EL K. No. 772; to incorpo-
rate the Loomis Aerial Telegraph Company;
which was read n first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
MESSAGE FROM THIS PRESIDENT.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States wa* communicated to the
House by Mr. Porter, his Private Secretary,
who also informed the House that the Presi-
dent had approved and signed a biil of the
following title:
An act {&. R, No. 602) to provide for a
deficiency in the appropriation for the expense
of taking the ninth census of the LTnited States.
AMENDMENT Ot PK.NSIOX LAWS.
Mr. VOORHEE5. [ ask unanimous con
sent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and the War of l-x12 be in^tructedto report
a bill amending the act of Cor.£,re>* (if Februur\
14,1871. granting pensions to the =urv,ving Miidier*
of the war of 1S12 between the United State- and
Great Britain, as to include and place on the pen-
sion-rolls all persons now surviving who served at
any time in the armies of the United States from the
first freaking out of hostilities to tbeeio«e thereof
in the war known as the war of 1S12. and during the
Indian wars commencing with the battle of Xinpe-
eanoe and extending throughout the same period
and further, that the said committee be iiutrueted to
report a bill extending the provisions of the aet ot
February 14, 1871, so as to give pensions to ail the
widows of ail pel sons who served in the war of 1812,
and with the Indian trihe=. commencing with the
battle of Tippecanoe, no matter whettier their mar
riages took piaee before or during: or afier xmd war
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
whether he would not be satisfied to have the
committee inquire simply into the expediency
of the measure proposed, without a positive
instruction ?
Mr. VOOKHEES. I am satisfied that if the
House were acquainted with the circumstances
it would adopt the resolution in its present
form. The survivors of the battle of Tippe-
canoe are not included in any law on the sub-
ject of pensions at this time. If, however, the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
insists upon the resolution being modified in
the manner he suggests, I will accept the modi-
fication.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to say that I do not
oppose the proposition : but I know that the
committee have under consideration a modifi-
cation of the pension laws so as to reach thoa-
included.
Mr. VOOKHEK-S. Very well ; let the reso-
lution be modified.
The SPEAKER. Th<" gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Vooiweeb] modifies his resolution
so as to direct the committee to inquiie into
the expediency of reporting a bill, instead of
instructing them peremptorily.
