3800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Affairs recommend that the bill be agreed to
with an amendment striking out the eighth
section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by Which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.-
Tlie latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. CECILIA BARR.
On motion of Mr. SCOFIELD,by unanimous
consent, a bill (S. No. 835) for the relief of
Mrs. Cecilia Barr, widow of William Barr,
was taken from the Speaker's table, and read
a first and second time.
The bill was read. It provides that there
be paid, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of SI,000, to
Mrs. Cecilia Barr, widow of William Barr, in
consideration of the valuable information and
services of William Barr, rendered to the
forces of the United Slates in the harbor of
Savannah in the winters of 1801 and 1862.
The bill was ordered to be read a thud time;
and itwas accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
O. w. CAONK.
Mr. KETCHAM, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (H. li. No. 2<'S17) author-
izing the President to appoint C. \Y. Cronk
a first assistant engineer iu the Navy of the
United States.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Presi-
dent of the United States to appoint Charles
W. Cronk, late an acting first assistant engin-
eer in the Navy of the United States, a first
assistant engineer in the Navy of the United
States, with commission to date from the pas-
sage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it. was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. KETCHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
a. j. moitkiiouse.
Mr. KICTCIIAM also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (II. K. No. 2868) au-
thorizing the promotion of A. J. Morehouse
from mate to master on the retired list in the
Navy; which was read a fiist and second
time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Presi-
dent of the United States to nominate, and
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate to appoint, A. J. Morehouse, now a
male on the retired list, of the Navy of the
United Status, to m-tster on the retired list !
of the Navy of the United States. j
Mr. HOLMAN. I should like to have i
from the gentleman who reports this bill some
explanation of it. I can easily understand
why there should be a promotion on the aetive
list. But this is a promotion on the retired
list
Mr. KETCHAM. _ This is frequently done
for meritorious service. This man has been
for twenty > ears in the service, and has the
very highest recommendations.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is there any public reason
to justify this ?
Mr. DICKEY. I should like to know on
what principle you advance a man who is on
the retired list? If he is retired, why should
he be promoted ? If a man is retired, let him
be retired.
Mr. KETCHAM. I yield to the chairman
of the committee, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Sohofield.]
Mr. SCOFIELD, It is proper that I should
say that I do not indorse this bill. I do not
wish to antagonize what our committee has
done, but it is proper that the House should
know the facts. The object of taking this
mate from the active list and putting him on
the retired list, advancing him two grades,
from mate to master, is to increase his pay
and relieve him from service. Asa mate he gets
$700 a year. When retired as a master, the
half pay of that rank is something more than
the pay for active service as a mate; so that he
will have for life what we call pay, but what
in strictness is a pension for-a larger amount
than he now gets on the active list.
As I have always myself opposed these things
I have thought it no more than fair to state
the facts to the House without seeking to antag-
onize the judgment of other members of the
committee, to whom I am always ready to
defer.
Mr. KETCHAM. I move the previous
question.
Mr, HOLMAN. It seems to me that this
bill ought to be recommitted. I will not,
however, make that motion, but will ask a
division on the passage of the bill.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes twenty-one, noes
not, counted.
Mr. KETCHAM. I move that the bill be
recommitted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think it might as well
be disposed of when it is here.
Mr. KILLINGER. I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion has already
been made by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Hoi.man,] but the gentleman who re-
ported the bill asks that it be recommitted.
Mr. HAYS. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will not insist upon his motion to lay
the bill upon the table, but will let it be re-
committed. There are several other bills of
the same character which the committee wish
to consider in connection wilh this bill, and I
hope the gentleman will withdraw his motion,
and let it be recommitted.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 withdraw my motion.
The bill was recommitted to the Committee
oil Naval Affairs, not to be brought back by a
motion to reconsider.
j. ii. underiiill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I askunanimous
consent that the Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill (H. It". No.
2050) for the relief of J. H. Underbill.
The bill was read for information. It di-
rects that there be paid to J. H. Underbill
the sum of $23,310 75, in full payment and
discharge of the claim of said Underbill for
work done and material furnished in the con-
struction of the iron-clad vessel Keokuk.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that that
bill had better remain in Committeee of the
Whole.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. If the gentle-
man will give me his attention for a moment,
I will make a brief statement. This bill is
the unanimous report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, but objection was made to its
considei ation in the House by the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Blair,] the chairman
of the Committee of Claims, without his
knowing anything about it. That gentleman
and my colleague, [Air. Strong,] another
member of the Committee of Claims, have
since examined the case, and they are satisfied
that the bill ought, to pass. It is simply to
pay Mr. Underbill for work done, for which
he has never received one cent. There Can
be no objection to the bill. It has been
examined thoroughly, together with all the
papers in the ease, by the chairman of the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. HEREFORD. What is before the
House?
The SPEAKER. The question whether the
House will grant unanimous consent to have
this bill taken from the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar.
Mr. HEREFORD. I believe there waa
objection made some time since.
TheSPEAICER. The gentleman from Con-
necticut obtained unanimous consent to make
a statement.
Mr. HOLMAN. This claim was before the
Committee of Claims of the last Congress, and
with my present recollection of the case I
would not wish to withdraw my objection to
its being taken up in the House.
Mi. TOWNSEND, of New York. I wish
to add one word to the remaiks of the gentle-
man from Connecticut. This is undoubtedly
a just claim. This gentleman, Mr. Underbill,
happens to be a constituent of mine, and his
claim is for completing an iron-elad at the
time when the commerce of the country was
almost at the mercy of the Merrimac. No
claim which has been presented in this House
at this session has any greater hold upon the
American people than this claim.
Mr. RANDALL, i believe the request of the
gentleman from Connecticut was objected to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. As the matter
has been examined twice by the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and also by the chairman of
the Committee of Claims, I move that the
rules be suspended and the bill brought before
the House for consideration.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 51, noes 31 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Starkweather
and Mr. Holjian were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 95, noes 28.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill was brought
before the House for confederation.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move the pre-
vious question on the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as the Commit-
tee of Claims in the last Congress rejected this
claim, I shall have to ask the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and fead a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was then put on the passage
of the bill; and there were—ayes 87, noes 33.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
aud also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
martin frekman.
Mr. STARKWEATHER also, from the same
committee, reported a bdl (H. R. No. 2869)
for the relief of Martin Freeman ; which was
read a first aud second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of the Navy to pay to Martin Free-
man, owner of the schooner Delight, for her
loss while in the service of the United States,
the sum of $6,000, out of any money hereto-
fore or which may hereafter be appropriated
for the purchase of vessels and equipments,
which sum if received shall be in full of claims
by said Freeman against the United States.
Mr. DICKEY. Why should not this be
paid out of the Treasury, and not be charged
to this particular fund?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. It is properly
