218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
against discussion. I do not desire to procras-
tinate, but 1 do tbink it is proper that we
should have ample time to discuss the propo-
sition submitted to us.
Mr. HOAR. Of course it, is within the
power of the gentleman to object. Bui will he
suggest some time when he thinks it would be
agreeable to him and those who think with him
to close the debate ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will say that, so far as
I am myself concerned, it will take a very
short, time to express my views. I desire to
offer a substitute for the bill, which I think
will probably meet the approbation of gen-
tlemen on this side of the House, and I hope
of gentlemen on the other side of the House
also. I do not suppose it will take mo half an
hour to submit the remarks which I desire to
offer.
Mr. PERCE. I see no objection to the
offering of the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] under the prop-
osition I made. It would give an entire hour
to that side of the House, in which the gen-
tleman would be at liberty to offer his resolu-
tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I may not be able to
get tRe floor then, and I ask the gentleman
to allow me to offer the amendment how.
Mr. PERCE. I will not object to it after
we have made an arrangement with regard to
conducting the debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Perce] proposes that after the
side of the House not represented by himself
shall have occupied one hour, he wilt then call
the previous question and divide equally the
hour to which he will then be entitled between
the two sides of the House.
Mr. S 1'ORM. I cannot agree to an arrange-
ment of that sort as binding on the gentlemen
on this side of the House.
The SPEAKER. If no arrangement can be
made by unanimous consent, it will of course
be open to the gentleman who has charge of
the bill to test the sense of the House as to how
long the debate shall continue.
Mr. STORM. I should like to accommo-
date the gentlemen on the other side. But [
think the gentleman on this side of the House
desire to discuss the question more fully than
can be done in one hour.
Mr. PERCE. Will the gentiemen on that
side then be kind enoush to indicate an hour
whin they would be willing the debate should
close?
Mr. STORM. I cannot state an hour. My
proposition would lather be to fix the day for
closing the debate.
Mr. PERCE. According to my proposition,
the debate would be closed at three o'clock
to-day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Pekoe] talks of "this side"
and '• the other side,'' as if this question were
to divide the House as a party question, u3 if
all Republicans were to be on one side and all
Democrats ori the other. I do not understand
that a man is not to be considered a Repub-
lican who does not favjr rh:s measure.
Mr. DAWES. 1 would like tosuggest. with
the permission of rhe gentleman from Missis-
sippi, that Thursday lias been set apart for
general debate in this House, and it seems to
me very desirable that we dispose of this ques-
tion on Thursday. Thai will insure a full
attendance of roembeis on each side, and I
know that is most desirable. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. lhat is a good day
for it.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to suggest, there-
fore, that an hour be fixed on Thursday for
taking the vote on this measure, and I ask
the gentleman from Mississippi to consent to
that. My friend from Tennessee [Mr. May-
KAitri] has intimated that he does not desire
to make a speech on ihursday, and that any
anxiety he has on the subject of debate is a
benevolent one, and not a personal one. I
suggest to him that we dispose of this question
on Thursday.
Mr. PERCE. So far as I am concerned, I
am perfectly willing to agree to that arrange-
ment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope my friend from
Massachusetts has served too long in this House
with me to suppose that I would be capable of
making such a movement as I made yesterday
on grounds personal to myself.
Sir. DAWES. I know my friend did not,
but I was afraid that some one would think he
did. [Laughter.] "
Mr. MAYNARD. I will inform the gen-
tleman more fully than I was able to do yes-
terday that I find, by reference to the Speaker's
page, that there is quite a long list of gentle-
men who desire to avail themselves of such, an
opportunity for general debate. I am obliged,
therefore, to withhold my assent to his propo-
sition.
Mr. DAWES. I wish my friend would say
that he will warrant a continuance of the ses-
sion on Thursday fifteen minutes.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman is very
unreasonable to expect me to do anything of
the kind.
Mr. KILLINGER. I rise to a point of
order. It is that the gentleman from Missis-
sippi is entitled to the floor, and must go on
or surrender the floor.
The SPEAKER. It does not naturally
follow that because the gentleman is entitled
to the floor he must go on. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Mississippi to let the debate go on
until one o'clock to-morrow, and then call the
previous question.
Mr. PERCE. I desire to say that I hope
this matter will be open to full debate, and I
only want an expression from the other side
of the House that they will consent to some
time at which the debate shall close. I want
it understood so that there may be no feeling
about the matter at all, and if the gentlemen
on the other side will suggest any hour when
we can close the debate on this question, I shall
be willing to agree to it.
Mr. BINGHAM. I submit to the gentle-
man that it is best for him to adopt my sug- i
gestion, and let the debate go on until one ]
o'clock to-morrow, j
Mr. STORM. I cannot agree to fix upon any j
hour. Why not let the debate run on for an
hour and then see what is the temper of the
House'?
Mr. PERCE. Will the gentleman agree
that the vote shall be taken at one o'clock to-
morrow ?
Mr. STORM. I cannot.
Mr. HOAR, I ask leave to make a sug-
gestion to the chairman of the committee, and
it is that the proposition of the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee be adopted, and that
at one o'clock to-morroiv the previous question
be ca'led on the bill and all the then pending
amendments. The Hou.-e can then continue
the debate on this subject to-day, and. if they
desire it, this evening, but ceitainly to day,
as long as they choose, and again for the iir t
hour to-morrow. The morning hour is not
cut off. as 1 understand it, unless somebody
proposes some other business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour runs,
unless something of a higher privilege super-
venes.
Mr. COX. I beg to say to the gentleman
from Mississippi that 110 arrangements can be
made with this side of the House to fix an
hour when the vote on this hill shall be taken.
Gentlemen upon this side desire to debate this
measure more fully than any measure we have
had. before us this session, and after the extract- I
dinary speeches which were made the other
day by gentlemen upon the other side, we are
not disposed to consent to any hour certain for
closing the debate. and if gentlemen choose to
try and diive the bill through under the previous
question, they must take the responsibility.
Mr. PER.CE. I will now resume ihc floor,
and give notice that 10 morrow at one o'clock
I will call the previous question. And I decline
to yield fuither at this time.
I desire to say very few words myself in
regard to this bill. It is a matter so entirely
char in all its bearings that I have thought
and still believe it must meet the views of
every thinking mind. I do not desire to act
upon any question that comes before this
House without a thorough and searching in-
vestigation. In the present organisation of
the House it is impossible for every individual
member to be thoroughly conversant wiih all
the many topics that are constantly springing
up before us.
I am not prepared to say that any legislation
is required upon the great labor que-tions that
are now looming up before the public mind.
At the same time 1 am not prepared to say
that very much and very jud.uious legislation
may not be required upon this great subject.
But I am prepared to say that with a commis-
sion such as is contemplated by this bili every
member of this House will be pr<-pa:ed to act
wisely and judiciously whenever the subject
comes properly before them.
I am very sorry to see that individual mem-
bers on the other side of the House are
attempting to make this a political question.
There is absolutely 110 political question
involved in the consideration of this bill. It
was offered in the interest ol the laboring man
as a laboring man, and not a.- a ) artisan. In
my judgment, it should commend itself to the
favor of every man in this House. In this
country government is so constituted that the
few do not repiesent. and control the many.
The whole theory of our Government is based
upon the principle that all its citizens, high and
low, rich and poor, learned and unlearned,
foreign born and of native birth, shall take a
part and actively cooperate in carrying out the
policy of that Government, and we simply
propose to pause a moment and ask the great
controlling class whether we are so conducting
public affairs as to be for or against what they
conceive to be their interest.
I desire an authorized agent of the Govern-
ment togo to the officers of the labor societies,
to the leaders among the laboring men, and to
the laborer himself, and ask what, if anything,
is amiss. I desire the laboring men of Amer-
ica to feel that they are closely allied to the
Government itself: that their wishes ere its
wants; thq,t this Government is a " Govern-
ment of the people, for the people, and by the
people:" that the individual laborer can ap-
peal to the collec'ive wisdom of the great body
of laborers whose head shall be the Executive
of the nation, and whose mouth-piece shall be
their Representatives in Congress assembled,
to provide a channel of communication be-
tween the laboring citizen and the represent-
ative citizen; nothing iess and nothing more
is contemplated by this bill.
I think the Democrats on this floor should
be the last to object to an investigation of this
character. The Republican party have con-
trolled and wielded the affaiis of this nation
for the last ten years. If it shall be found by
an investigation of this character th it political
wrongs have existed, wrongs which bear upon
the laboring population of the country, surely
we are to blame and not they. If there is any
loss of political prestige, the loss is ours and
the gain is theirs. Oi) the other hand, if there
be wrongs in the body politic bearing upon the
great controlling elass of people throughout
the country, the Republican party would be
untrue to its principles if they did not at onee
seek out and remedy these wrongs in   pri per
way.
'1 here are some gentlemen on this floor who
seem to think that this bill is intended for the
purpose of shaping legislation to particular
ends ; that it is for the purpose of supporting
socialistic movements; that it is in the inter-
est of international societies, of labor-reform
