1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3803
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Kirby, who is recom-
mended for restoration to the active list of the
Navy, is now 011 the retired list. He could
not be promoted in his rank because he was
obliged to undergo a medical examination
prior to promotion ; and when examined oy
the board he had just returned from sea and
had undergone a spell of sickness, so that the
board reported him physically unfit for pro-
motion. He has now been in the Navy eleven
years. Although during four years of that
time he had been on the retired list, he has
nevertheless been on active duty (and most
of the time at sea) for nine and a half years.
During the whole time lie has only been on
leave of absence, including sick leave, one
year and a half. The Navy Department rec-
ommends his restoration. He has just been
ordered off on a two year's cruise.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ARCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MItS HARRIET B. PENDLETON.
Mr. ARCHER. I am instructed by the
Committee 011 Naval Affairs to ask to have
taken from the Speaker's table and put on its
passage the bill (S. No. 259) for the relief of
Mrs. Harriet B. Pendleton, widow of George
H. Pendleton, late of the United States
Navy.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second lime.
The billfirovides that Mrs. Harriet B. Pen-
dleton, widow of George H. Pendleton, late
acting master in the United States Navy, who
was captured January 7, 1864, on the coast of
South Carolina, in the discharge of his duties,
shall be entitled to receive the share of all
prizes captured by the United States steamer
Montgomery during the time of his imprison-
ment, to which vessel Pendleton was attached
at the time of his capture, and that his name
shall be considered as being borne upon the
ship's books the same as though he had been
temporarily absent.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ARCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which, the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid 011 the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OFFICERS ON RETIRED LIST.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2875) to prevent the employment of officers
on the retired list to active duty ; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that no
officer 011 the retired list of the Navy shall be
employed on active duty except in time of
war; and that all laws and parts of laws in-
consistent herewith be repealed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ARCHER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motiou to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN C. BEAUMONT.
Mr. ARCHER also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2876) for
the relief of John C. Beaumont; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill authorizes the President of the
United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, to restore John C.
Beaumont to his position of captain on the
active list, to take position at tlie foot of the
list of captains ; but the passage of this act is
not to entitle him to draw any additional back
pay.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. ARCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
kAZAItOS L. RKAMKY.
On motion of Mr. COGHLAN, by unani-
mous consent, a bill (S. No. 1027) to restore
Lazarus L. iieamey to the Navy of the United
States as a midshipman was taken from the
Speaker's table, and read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
President of the United States be, and be is
thereby authorized, if in his opinion the good
of the service will be promoted thereby, to
restore Lazarus L. Reamey to the Navy of
the United States as a midshipman at the foot
of the class of 1870, of which he was a mem-
ber at the time of his resignation.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. COGHLAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHILDREN 0If O. II BERRYMAN, DECEASED.
Mr. COGHLAN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take from the Speaker's table a bill
(S. No. 927) for the relief of Otway H. Ber-
ryman, deceased.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury be
authorized and directed to allow and pay to
Mrs. Columbia N. Payne, Mrs. Alice Brom-
well, Calvert 0. Berryman, and William M.
Berryman, children of Otway H. Berryman,
deceased, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of $2,100 02,
being the amount of losses sustained by
Otway H. Berryman while commanding and
acting as purser of the United States schooner
Onkahye, provided that the same shall not
exceed the amount which a purser would have
received for performing the same duties on
board of the vessel.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think this ought to go
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. COGHLAN. The Naval Committee
of the Senate unanimously passed this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not waive my right
to object to taking the bill from the Speaker's
table.
Mr. COGHLAN. This bill was passed
unanimously by the Naval Committee of the
Senate, and it has the approval of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs in this House. I think
after the report in this case has been read the
gentleman Irom Indiana cannot find it in his
conscience to object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not think that the
Naval Committee have anything to do with this
matter.
Mr. COGHLAN. It is a naval matter en-
tirely.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the report be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Tbatthcground3 relied upon byLicutonant Berry-
man are substantially those which induced Congress
to grant relief to Lieutenant Ch'irles G. Hunter m
1858, and your committee cannotdistinguish between
them.
Lieutenant Berryman assumed the command of
the United States schooner Onkahye in October,
184®, under an order from the Navy Department,
dated Oetober 20, 1816, and he immediately entered
upon special duty, and performed active and ardu-
ous service in the Gult of Mexico, to Brazil aud
Chagres. during twenty-two months, which was
terminated by the total shipwreck of the vessel on
a sunken reef in July, 1818.
"With his command he was ordered to perform the
duties of purser to the vessel, and these duties he
performed throughout the whole period of his com-
mand.
No adjustment of his accounts took place until his
return to the Unitet} States, when it was found that
he had actually expended 11s purser more money
by S2,o25, than he could produce the requisite vouch-
ers for: This sum he paid to the Government, and
his accounts were balanced accordingly.
The memorialist alleges that lie has diligently and
faithfully kept and disbursed the means intrusted to
him as parser to pay the lawful liabilities of the
Government, and that the omission to take and
return the proper vouchers for all his expenditures
was alone thercsult of his ignorance of and his want
of practice in the duties of purser.
'i'he memorialist has a family to support, depend-
ent upon him. Hehada small landed estate,which
he sold to pay hisdeficiency, and himself and family
have thereby become subjected to great pecuniary
embarrassment.
l'our committee, from examination of the
memorial and its accompanying papers, and, from
inquiries also at the Navy Department, are satisfied
that the memorialist, whose character and standing
as an officer and a man are irreproachable, did faith-
fully disburse the means intrusted to him in the
payment of the proper liabilities of theGiovernuient;
and that his ignorance of his accounts, and of tho
importance of carefully preserving vouchers for
every expenditure, was due to his general want of
familiarity with the duties of his incidental post of
purser. He received 110 compensation for the per-
formance of these duties, nor eould ho receive any
legally. Ilis deficiency is thereoult of no misappli-
cation of tho means ot' the Government, of no want
of due care and diligence in guarding and preserving
them. The Government has bad the benefit of the
expenditure and of his services—services which his
education and training as an officer of theNayy did
not make at all peculiarly fitting to perform. They
belong wholly to another department of the Navy
and to men differently educated. They areimposed
on officers in command of public vessels by the
Government for its own convenience, and it should,
unless some fraud is established, bear the losses ot'
its own neglect in not appointing the proper officer
to perform these services.
The amount of disbursements by memorialist as
purser, during the period referred to, for which ho
obtained credit atthe Department, was $21,951 50.
Your committee deem it a proper case for relief,
and report a bill accordingly.
Mr. COGHLAN. Npw, I say to the gen-
tleman that when he objects to this bill he is
objecting to the live children of this man get-
ling what the Navy Department, and what
every other Department of the Government
has dccided time and again is due to them.
This man sold his little homestead to pay this
debt.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the Navy Depart-
ment say this money was due?
Mr. COGHLAN. It ceitainly does.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then let us have the letter
read.
Mr. COGHLAN. I hope the gentleman
will not ask me to go over ail these papers to
hunt up what he wants. All of the Depart-
ments have examined and declared it to be
due this man. They say this man by not
taking receipts when he paid out the money
and not taking vouchers could not have the
money refunded to him. There is no doubt
he paid it out in the service, and it is nowpro-
posed to refund it to his children. There are
letters here from those who were above him at
the time, showing his honesty; that it was sim-
ply a matter of business which he did not under-
stand, that he was made purser while a lieu-
tenant, and that, not being familiar with
business, he paid out this money and did not
take receipts for it. And they ask that this
be remitted.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why was this not settled
during his life-time? When did he die?
Mr. COGHLAN. About the beginning of
the war.
Mr. HOLMAN. Ten years after he paid
this money; and now, twenty years after the
date of these transactions, the matter is
called up.
Mr. ARCHER. I ask my colleague on the
committee to allow me one moment.
This officer, after he he was found deficient,
immediately paid the debt. He petitioned
Congress for lelief, and three or four several
times in his life-time, the Senate at one time,
and the House at another, would pass his bill,
or it would pass the committee : but somehow
it so happened that it never passed both bodies
at the same time. And I will say to tile gen-
