1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
16T
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Amendments to the Constitution—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
vidual rotes, or by considering the will of the ma-
jority of the States, as evidence of the will of a
majority of the people of the United States. Neither
of these rules has been adopted. Each State, in
ratifying the Constitution, is considered as a sov-
ereign body, independent of all others, and only to
be bound by its own voluntary act."
While the framers of the Constitution re-
garded the Federal Government in its nature,
ecope, and character as a Government of
limited and defined powers, in which "the
States would clearly retain all the rights of
sovereignty which they before had, and which
by that act were not exclusively delegated to
the United States," the State conventions to
ratify the Constitution, and particularly the
convention of Virginia, composed as it was of
her most distinguished statesmen, alarmed at
the extent of power which had been granted
to the Federal Government, objected to its
ratification because the powers of the States
were not reserved by an express clause. Patrick
Henry said:
"This Government will operate like an ambus-
cade. It will destroy the State governments, and
swallow the liberties of the people, without giving
previous notice."
Edmund Randolph, one of her delegates in
the Federal Convention, refused to sign the
Constitution, that lie might be free to propose
amendments to it, and among them one, as he
expressed it—
"That would draw a line between the powers of
Congress and the individual States, defining the
former so as to leave no clashing of jurisdictions,
nor dangerous deputies, and to prevent the one from
beingswallowed up by the other under general words
and implications."
This spirit of jealous apprehension, that by
an extension of Federal power the reserved
rights of the States might be subverted, caused
the conventions of the States of Massachusetts,
New York, New Hampshire, Rhode Island,
and South Carolina, when they ratified the
Constitution, to recommend that certain altera-
tions and amendments should be made, the
more effectually to secure the rights of the
people and the power of the States against
the encroachments of Federal power ; and with
certain provisos and propositions for amend-
ments, those States ratified the Constitution.
TheFirstCongressunderthe Constitution, held
at New York on the 4th March, 1789, in ac-
cordance with the "desire expressed by the
conventions of a number of the States, that fur-
ther declaratory and restrictive clauses should
be added, in order to prevent misconstruction
or abuse of its powers, and as extending the
grounds of public confidence in the Govern-
ment," proposed to the States for their adop-
tion twelve amendments, ten of which were
ratified, and among the ten that article found
in the Constitution declaring, in carefully
chosen words, that—
"The powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to
the people."
The language employed in this article^ is
ciear and unequivocal. Every power, which
is not delegated is excepted and reserved by
the States respectively, or to the people, that
is, to each State separately and distinctly
against each and every other State—against
the Federal Government in whole, as well as
against each and every department thereof.
This amendment, if doubt existed before, for-
ever settled the character of the Federal Gov-
ernment, and marked the boundary line of
its authority. In all its departments the Gov-
ernment was to represent delegated powers
only, and its organization was so arranged and
80 restrained by limitations upon the powers
of its three coordinate departments^ as to
prevent the abuse of power in fulfilling the
great trusts confided to it. W hen it tran-
scends the limits of its delegated powers its
acts will be merely usurpations, and void;
they will bind no one, neither can they de-
prive the States of the full and complete exer-
cise and enjoyment of all the undelegated and
residuary powers belonging to them. These
are the property absolutely of each State
separately, which can neither be invaded
or wrested from it without its consent, either
by the act of the Federal Government or that
of any number of its sister States in the Union,
and which it may exercise without the least
reference to responsibility to any other State.
President Harrison, in his inaugural address,
said:
' Our Confederacy is perfectly illustrated by the
terms and principles governing a common copart-
nership. There a fund of power is to be exercised
under the direction of the joint counsels of the allied
members, but that which has been reserved by the
individuals is intangible by the common govern-
ment or the individual members composing it. To
attempt it finds no support in the principles of our
Constitution."
While I shall at all times defend and uphold
the Federal Government in the exercise of all
its constitutional authority, as the surest and
best guarantee for the perpetuity of a Union
hallowed by memories that kindle the purest
and loftiest feelings of patriotism, I feel it to
be a duty no less sacred and binding to as stren-
uously defend the rights of the States, the gov-
ernments of which are the real palladium of
the people's liberties. It is upon these gov-
ernments we rely mainly for the security of
life, liberty, and property, "and just in pro-
portion as we permit them to be stripped of
their powers the Federal Government will be-
come absolute and irresponsible, ruling with-
out control or limitations, and justifying its
excesses in the name of popular liberty."
When we give ourselves up to the delusion
that our liberties are in no danger by suffering
the States to be dismantled of their powers, in
order to aggrandize and extend the powers of
the Federal Government, we will discover, when
it is too late to recover except by force what
we have lost, that we are in the jaws of a cen-
tralized despotism, with no safeguards, no
checks, and no limitations established for the
security of our rights, either of life, liberty,
or property. All these will be at the disposal
of a despotic and irresponsible majority, and
we shall be the miserable subjects of tyranny
and oppressions brought upon ourselves by our
own folly and madness. The framers of the
Constitution looked with jealous care to the
preservation of the rights of the States; they
believed that their maintenance in all their
integrity was not only vital and essential to
the liberties of the people, but to the very
existence of the Federal Government; they
taught us that the States are the pillars upon
which the system rests, and that with their
destruction the entire fabric of the Republic
topples and falls to the ground; the States
could exist without the Federal Government,
but the latter must perish with the destruction
of the States. Alexander Hamilton declared
in the convention in New York that—
"The States can never lose tlieir powers until the
whole people of America are robbed of their liber-
ties. These must go together; they must support
each other, or meet one common fate."
Mr. Livingston, a member of the same con-
vention, said:
" I conceive the State governments are necessary
as the barrier between the people's liberties and any
invasions which may be attempted on them by the
General Government."
Fisher Ames, in the convention in Massa-
chusetts to ratify the Constitution, said :
" A consolidation of the States would subvert the
new Constitution." * * * * loo
much provision cannot be made against consolida-
tion. The State governments represent tho wishes
and fcfelings and local interests of the people, lhey
are the saleguards and ornaments of the Constitu-
tion ; they will protract tho period of our liberties;
they will afford a shelter against the abuse ol POweij
and will be the natural avengers of our violated
rights."—Elliott's Dehptes, vol. 2, page 46.
James Wilson, one of the framers of the
Constitution, and a member of the convention
in Pennsylvania, said:
"The State governments onghtto be preserved.
The freedom of the people and their internal good
police depend on their existence in full vigor."
I will add the testimony of but one other
name illustrious in our history as the champion
of civil liberty and free government, that of
Thomas Jefferson, who recommended to us
"the support of the State governments in all
their rights as the most competent administra-
tions for our domestic concerns and the surest
bulwarks against anti-republican tendencies."
Such words of admonition when repeated
in our ears to-day, standing as we do in the
very shadow of that monster so much dreaded
by the fathers and early statesmen of the Re-
public, a centralized Government, ought to
arouse us to a sense of danger, and stimulate
the decaying spirit of liberty to grapple with
arbitrary power, with a bold determination to
restore to the States the right of local self-
government.
It was not the intention of the framers of
the Constitution to place the reserved rights
of the States in jeopardy by an extension of
Federal power, nor to subject a minority of
the States to the absolute will of a majority;
nor was it their purpose to confer upon any
Department of the Federal Government the
power to subvert the Constitution, and by mere
legislative action change essentially its form
and character.
The Constitution, with all its limitations
and restrictions, was designed to protect the
reserved sovereignty of the States and the
rights of the people against the encroach-
ments of majorities, and is their wall of de-
fense against Federal usurpation. Oyer the
powers delegated, and over those alone, the
States or the people thereof agreed that the
Federal Government should have control, and
in ascertaining the extent of its powers the
Constitution is the guide. Such as are granted
it may exercise. All not delegated are ex-
cepted and reserved by the States respectively,
or to the people, and are inviolable. They
are at the disposal and control of each State
alone and absolutely, as a separate political
community. The several States reserved the
right to order and control their domestic insti-
tutions in their own way, to say who may or
may not become citizens of each, to determine
the qualifications of their own officers, and
especially to regulate the right of suffrage and
say who should vote and who should not. If
there was any subject which above all others
was carefully watched and guarded in forming
the Constitution, it was that the Federal Gov-
ernment should not control the right of suf-
frage in the States.
The Constitution left each State to determine
for itself its own electoral body, and if there
is a doctrine essential to the preservation of
popular liberty and the right of local self-gov-
ernment in the States, and for which the peo-
ple should zealously contend and never consent
to relinquish, it is that which denies the right
of the Federal Government to interfere with
the right of suffrage. It is not only one, but
the first and greatest of those rights which,
never having been delegated, still remain ex-
clusively with the people of each State. The
same is true of the right of the people of each
State to determine for themselves who shall be
citizens of the State, and who should hold
office therein and the qualifications requisite
therefor. Each State may order and control
these subjects as it pleases, free from control
or dictation of every other Stalte, and can only
be deprived of its sovereign power to do so by
its own consent.
The Constitution nowhere grants to the Fed-
eral Government any power to interfere with
