1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2011
MARY ARMSTRONG.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of Mary Arm-
strong, praying to be allowed a pension, have
had the same under consideration, and have
directed me to report a bill granting her a
pension. I ask for its present consideration.
There is a written report in the case, which I
desire to have printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be printed.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 879)
granting a pension to Mary Armstrong, was
read twice and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the Secretary of tlie
Interior to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Mary Armstrong, widow of
Thomas Armstrong, late of the first battery
Vermont light artillery.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHILDREN OV JOHN il. BAKER.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. The Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2041) for the relief of the chil-
dren of John M. Baker, have directed me to
report it back without amendment, and I ask
for its present consideration. It is a short bill
which has passed the House, and will take but
a moment.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the payment to the
children of John M. Baker, deceased, late
United States consul at Rio .laneiro, the sum
of $1,666 67, for his services as acting charg6
d'affaires of the United States at the court of
Brazil, in the year 1834.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CUSTOMS TARIFF LEGISLATION.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
additional copies of the report of the chief of
the Bureau of Statistics, have directed me to
report it back with an amendment, and ask for
its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution :
Jiesolvedt (the House of Representatives concur-
ring,) That seven thousand copies of tho report of
Edward Young, chief of the Bureau of Statistics, on
customs tariff legislation, be printed, four thousand
forthe House, two thousand for the Senate, and one
thousand, bound, for the use of the Treasury.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out all after the word "resolved" and
insert in lieu thereof the following:
That there be printed three thousand additional
copies of appendix A to the report of the chief of
the Bureau of Statistics on customs tariff legislation,
giving a comparative statement of the rates of duties
and imports under the several tariff acts from 1789
to 1870, both inclusive, two thousand of which shall
be for the use of the Senate, and onethousand for
the use of the Treasury Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
DEBATES IN CONGRESS.
Mr. ANTHONY. I submit a report from a
committee of conference.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of conference on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment to the
bill (S. No. 681) to provide for the reporting and
printing of the debates in Congress, having met,
after full and free conference have agreed to rec-
ommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the Senate agree to the amendment of the
House, amended as follows :
Strike out said amendment, and insert in lieu
thereof the following:
Sec. 3. That no person shall be employed as a
reporterfor the House without the approval of the
Speaker of the House: Provided, That it shall be
the duty of the joint Committee on Public Print-
ing to publish an advertisement once a week, for
four weeks, in one newspaper in each of tho cities
of Washington, Philadelphia, New York, Boston,
Chicago, Cincinnati, LouisYillo, St. Louis, and San
Francisco, inviting proposals in detail for reporting
and for printing, together and separately, the de-
bates of the Forty-Third, the Forty-Fourth, and the
Forty-Fifth Congresses, together or separately, and
to report all proposals which may be received before
the designated day, to Congress, at the earliest prac-
ticable date, vvitn estimates, hereby directed to bo
made by tho Congressional Printer, of the cost of
reporting the debates and of printing them at the
Government Printing Office, accompanied by the
recommendations of tho joint Committee on Public
Printing on all proposals and estimates so submit-
ted ; and that the bills for such advertising be paid
in equal parts from the contingent funds of the Sen-
ate iind of the House of Representatives: And pro-
vided further, That no debates shall be reported or
published at public expense, after the close of the
present Congress, except upon written contracts en-
tered into therefor under the authority of Congress.
II. B. ANTHONY,
II. HAMLIN.
E. CASSERLY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
W. D. KELLEY,
JOHN BEATTY,
W. E. ARTHUR,
Managern on the part of the House,
The report was concurred in.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 522.
' Mr. KELLOGG. I must object. I had a
bill up the other morning, and the honorable
Senator from Nevada objected to it. I desire
to have that considered first. That is the
reason of my objection now.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 177G) declaring the lands constituting
the Fort Collins military reservation, in the
Territory of Colorado, subject to preemption
and homestead entry, as provided for in exist-
ing laws, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 206) for the
relief of George C. Haynie, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1238) to re-
move the charge of desertion against Daniel
Orner, late private in company H, ninety-first
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers, reported it
without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1670) for the
relief of Isaac B. Kinkead, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 582) granting a pension to A. D. Cady,
reported adversely thereon, on the ground that
the evidence was insufficient to satisfy the com-
mittee that the disease was contracted while
the party was in the service.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. It. No. 1199)
granting a pension to Charlotte Crane, report
adversely, on the ground that this lady falls
within a pretty large class of the widows of
officers and soldiers who before the present war
died in time of peace, not from wounds or
disease contracted during any previous war.
We think if anything is to be done—and it is
very doubtful whether anything ought to be
done under existing circumstances—it should
be done for all, so as to give them equal
justice.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred resolutions
of the Grand Army of the Republic, depart-
ment of Minnesota, in favor of a change in the
homestead act relating to soldiers and sailors
and an increase of pensions, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petitions of Catharine Mid-
dleton, Mary H. Briscoe, and Eleanor Tor-
rance, widows of deceased soldiers of the war
of 1812, praying for an amendment of the pen-
sion laws extending pensions to widows who
were married after the termination of the war,
asked to be discharged from their further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Maria Smith, •
mother of Albion- G. Smith, praying that she
be granted a pension, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same comntittee, to whom
was referred the petition of Lysander Wilson,
late private company B, one hundred and
eighteenth New York volunteers, praying the
passage of an act that will enable him to receive
a pension from the date of his discharge, asked
to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, which was ageed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 587) in relation
to pensions, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of AltniraH. Thomp-
son, of New York, praying payment of bounty
due for services rendered by her son, and that
she be allowed a pension, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, upon
the ground that the evidence is entirely insuffi-
cient to justify the allowance of the claim;
which was agreed to.
He also, trom the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Roby P. Place,
praying that she be granted arrears of pension,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of widows of soldiers
of the war of 1812, and citizens of Easton,
Pennsylvania, praying that the act of Con-
gress, approved February 14, 1871, granting
pensions to the soldiers of the war of 1812,
and to the widows of such soldiers, may be so
amended as not to exclude from its benefits
the widows of such soldiers who were married
after the treaty of peace, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Jacob E. Schiedt,
late private company F, one hundred and nine-
teenth Pennsylvania volunteers, praying to be
allowed a pension, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whoui
was referred the petition of Abby Baker, of
Bethel, Vermont, for a special act of Congress
to enable her to draw a pension from the date
of the decease of her son, who died while in
the service of the United States, instead of
from the date of her application, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of John Butler Chapman, praying re-
muneration for services rendered and money
expended in the Indian service in the years
1861 and 1862, reported it adversely, and asked
to be discharged from its further consider-
ation ; which was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1201) granting a pension to Mary Jaue
Stone, widow of William J. Stone, late secoud
lieutenant thirty-seventh Kentucky inlaiitry,
reported it adversely, and moved the indefinite
postponement of the bill; which was greed to.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1200) grant-
ing a pension to Rev. William H. Rogers, have
had the same under consideration, and are nut
able to report iu favor of the passage of the
bill. My friend from Tennessee [Mr. Buo\v>-
Low] assuies me it is a meritorious case. Then?
were no proofs before the committee subse-
quent to the year 1859 tending to show the
