2012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
present condition of the petitioner. I there-
fore report the same back, and ask that the bill
may lie on the table, with a view of having it
recommitted to the Committee on Pensions,
should proof be furnished in the future.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
laid on the table to be rereferred if the Sen-
ator from Tennessee is able to present further
proof.
Mr. STEWART. I believe reports from
committees are now through, and 1 ask unan-
imous consent to take up Senate bill No. 522.
It is a general bill reported from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object to unanimous
consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made. Reports are still in order.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 828) authorizing the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river opposite to or within the corporate limits
of Nebraska City, Nebraska, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 554) for the relief of James F. Joy,
reported it with an amendment, and submit-
ted a report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY", from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Koads, reported an
amendment intended to be proposed to the
bill (H. R. No. 1070) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department
for the year ending June 30, 1873; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordex-ed to be printed.
amendment of elu0m0n i,av/.
Mr. CORBBTT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to call up Senate bill No.
703. I desire to state that this bill is in refer-
ence to the election law, so as to allow the
people of Oregon to vote oioa voce, as they
are compelled to do now, as there is no ma-
chinery for voting for members of Congress
by ballot, and our Legislature has not iuet
since the passage of the election law, to which
this is an amendment. It is necessary, there-
fore, to exempt our State during the coming
election from the provisions of the enforce-
ment act.
Mr. RAMSEY. When does the election
occur?
Mr. CORBETT. In June, and it is neces-
sary that the bill should ho put oil its passage
immediately. I ask unanimous consent to
consider it now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has it been
reported by a committee ?
Mr. CORBETT. It has been reported
favorably by the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY. Is there anything in it
except that one point?
Mr. CORBETT. Only that one point; that
is all.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 793) to amend an act
approved February 28, 1871, amending an act
aprrovod May 31, 1870, entitled "An act to
enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of this
Union, and for other purposes." The bill
proposes to amend section nineteen of an act
to amend an act approved May 31, 1870, en-
titled "An act to enforce the rights of citizens
of the United States to vote in the several
States of this Union, and for other purposes,"
and amended act approved February 28, 1871;
so as to read as follows:
Sec. 10. That all votes for Representatives in Con-
gress shall hereafter be by written or printed ballot,
any law of any State to the contrary notwithstand-
ing; and all votes received or recorded contrary to
tho provisions of this section shall be of none effect.
But the sectiou is not to apply to any State
voting otherwise whose elections for Repre-
sentatives occur previous to the regular meet-
ing of its Legislature next after the approval of
the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. STEVENSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 880) for the benefit of Charles M.
Briggs ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 881) to provide for the abatement or re-
payment of taxes on distilled spirits in bond
destroyed by casualty ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 882) to authorize the settlement of the
claim of the Wilmington and Manchester Rail-
road Company; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 883) to authorize the construction of
a pneumatic tube road between the cities of
New York and New Orleans; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
884) for the relief of the sureties of Frederick
Boehmler, of the State of Iowa; which was
read twice by its title, and, with the accom-
panying papers, referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 885)-to reimburse George S. Fisher for
losses sustained in the building and burning
up of the consulate of the United States at
Kanagawa, Japan, November 26,1866 ; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to state that I
introduce this bill at the instance of the party
interested without having examined it at all.
I move its reference to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WEST asked, andby unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 886)
to incorporate the New Mexico Central Rail-
road Company, and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
887) to authorize the building of the New
Mexico and Gulf railway, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
SOLMKKS' HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. WINDOM submitted the following res-
olution ; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Resolved, That five thousand extra, copies of the
act to enable honorably discharged soldiers and
sailors, their widows and orphan children, to ae-
Cjuiro homesteads on the public lands of the United
States, be printed for the use of the Senate.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HOWE. I now move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the amendment
of the House of Representatives to Senate bill
No. 565, which was under consideration during
the morning hour yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
further morning business 
Mr. WRIGHT. I have a resolution to
offer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has pri-
ority.
EXPENSES OV CLAYTON COMMITTEE.
Mr. WRIGHT. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the sum of $3,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary for the expenses of the
committee to investigate the charges against Hon.
Powell Clayton, is hereby directed to be paid out
of the contingent fund of the Senate under the
order nf the chairman of said committee, tho
vouchers therefor to be approved by the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is reported,
the Chair supposes, by the select committee.
Mr. WRIGHT. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is an appro-
priation out of the contingent fund, and it will
be regarded as having been read three times,
and the question is on its passage.
The resolution was ]
ACCOUNTS OF REUBEN 13. IIATOII.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to offer a resolution,
and to ask for its present consideration. I
send it to the desk and ask that it be read, and
I shall then very briefly explain it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require
unanimous consent, as the Senator from Wis-
consin obtained the floor a moment since to
call up the St. Croix and Bayfield railroad
bill.
Mr. LOGAN. This will take but a mo-
ment.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to transmit to the Senate
the papers relating to the final settlement of the
account of Reuben 13. Hatch, late quartermaster
of the "United States volunteer service during the
late rebellion, for the purpose of having them ex-
amined before and in presence of some proper com-
mittee, with a view of ascertaining the value of the
services performed by the agent in settling up the
account.
Mr. LOGAN. I will state very briefly the
reason for this resolution. A suit is now pend-
ing in Illinois. An agent here who settled
the accounts of Reuben B. Hatch, a quarter-
master in the United States service, who died
recently, has filed a bill or presented a claim
for, I think, $5,000 for settling the accounts.
The witnesses here who were the attorneys of
the widow have asked to examine the papers
so that they may testify as to the value of the
service, but they have been refused that oppor-
tunity on account of a rule established in the
Treasury Department that no papers are per-
mitted to be examined by any person except
the officers of the Department. I have asked
the Secretary and the officers who have the
papers to let them be examined, and it has
been refused. The object of the resolution is
to have the papers brought to the Senate and
referred to such committee as the Senate may
think proper, and then, in the presence of the
chairman of that committee or any one else
deemed necessary, the attorneys here may ex-
amine the papers and see the amount of labor
performed by that agent, so as to be able to
testify as to the value of his services. It is
thought that his charge is exorbitant; I cer-
tainly think so myself; I am no witness; but
the attorneys are, who can be called for that
purpose. The desire simply is to have the
papers examined by such persons as may be
named by the attorneys of this widow, who
resides in Quincy, Illinois, that they may testify
as to the value of the services of this aeent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to the present consideration of this resolution ?
Mr.^ EDMUNDS. I do not object, for I
think it is right; but I think we should call for
copies rather than for original papers.
Mr. LOGAN. _ I have 110 objection to that
change, but I_ think the records might bo sent
here very readily. I presume it will take some
time to copy them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the official files of
the Treasury Department ought not to be taken
out. They might be lost. They can take copies.
