3804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
tleman from Indiana, that one of the daughters
of this officer Berryman is now living in this
city earning her daily bread by her own toil.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the case be put upon
its proper ground of dealing generously with
these people. But to put it 011 the ground of
an obligation on the part of the Government is
all nonsense.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. COGHLAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRIZE-MONEY FOR CAPTURE OP THE LAURENS.
Mr. COGHLAN. I ask that by unanimous
cousent the bill (S. No. 899) for the relief of
the children of O. H. Berryman, deceased, and
others, be taken from the Speaker's table and
put upon its pasage.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay to
Mr3. Columbia N. Payne, Mrs. Alice Brom-
well, Calvert O. Berryman, and William. M.
Berryman, children of Otway H. Berryman,
deceased, and the other officers and crew
of the United States schooner Onkahye, the
sum of $20,664 69, being the balance of the
prize-money obtained by the capture of the
bark Laurens by that sohooner in 'the year
1848; and provides that the sum of $26,604 69
be distributed among the officers and crew in
such proportion as shall be designated by the
Secretary of the Navy, according to the pro-
visions of the sixth section of the act of April
23, 1800, entitled "An act for the government
of the Navy of the United States."
Mr. HOLMAN. I should likesonieexplana-
tion from the gentleman who has charge of
the bill.
Mr. COGHLAN. I think it will not take
two minutes to give an explanation which will
satisfy the gentleman. In 1848, Lieuteuant
Berryman was the commander of the United
States schooner Onkahye, and as such he and
the other officers and crew captured a slaver
called the Laurens. The amount obtained by
the capture of the Laurens was about twenty-
three thousand dollars, which was covered
into the Treasury of the United States. This
bill provides for distributing among the offi-
cers and crew of the schooner which made the
capture the sum of $20,064, being the amount
realized, less the cost of the suit. These par-
ties came before Congress with their claim.
There were at that time certain Spanish gen-
tlemen who came here and claimed the vessel
on the ground that it was not a slaver. The
matter was referred to the Court of Claims,
and the Court of Claims decided that it was a
slaver, and that these parties were entitled to
the amount mentioned in the bill. The judg-
ment of the Court of Claims is here, stating
that Lieutenant Berryman and the officers and
crew were entitled to the amount here named.
Mr. HOLMAN. In what year was this
decision given?
Mr. COGHLAN. I cannot tell the gentle-
man the year; but it was within the the last
few years. The parties have been before Con-
gress fighting for it. It is not in any way a stale
claim. They made their fight in Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. Ten years ago?
Mr. COGHLAN. They have been met every
year by the gentleman from Indiana, or gen-
tlemen like him, asking that it shall go to
the Court of Claims, or the Committee of
Claims, or to some other committee, and they
have been in that way prevented from getting
justice. The bill has now passed the Senate,
and I trust the House will do this justice to
these people, who, woiking at very small
wages to make a living, have been at a great
disadvantage in fighting through these claims.
1 move the previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. It still seems to me that
this bill should be consideied by some com-
mittee.
Mr. COGHLAN. I will call the previous
question upon it.
Mr. HOLMAN. The bill is not yet before
the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman reserved
the right to object.
Mr. COGHLAN. If the Committee oil
Naval Affairs is a proper one to consider the
question, which 1 think the House will bear
me out iu saying it is, then this bill has been
considered by a nroper committee.
Mr. HOLMA&. The bill has not been re-
ferred to that committee.
Mr. COGHLAN. I beg pardon, the bill
has been before thecommittee and considered
by it.
Mr. HOLMAN. It was never referred
there.
Mr. COGHLAN. It was not referred to us,
but we considered the bill.
Air. HOLMAN. There must be great inter-
est on the part of the committee to induce
them to consider a subject that they have
never been authorized by the House to con-
sider.
Mr. COGHLAN. The gentleman knows
that the Committee on Naval Affairs has had
110 opportunity to report duiing this session.
It was willing and anxious to report advorsely
or favorably on all legislation which would be
referred to it. This is a part of the legislation
which has passed the other branch of this Con-
gress, and which we knew the House would
refer to us to report upon, and therefore we
considered it.
Mr. HOLMAN. If tlie gentleman will have
the salient points of the opinion of the Court
of Claims read, we may be able toknowsome-
thmg about the case. Here is a claim that
occurred twenty-four years ago for some
twenty-odd thousand dollars, and it went to
the Court of Claims years ago and was decided
there, and now it is to be passed through the
House without even a reference to a com-
mittee.
Mr. COGHLAN. If I only knew what was
salient enough to reach the gentleman from
Indiana I would have it read. [Laughter.]
I ask the Clerk to read the passage I have
marked.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The commissioner concludes his report as fol-
lows:
" And your commissioner, after a careful applica-
tion of tbo rules of distribution established by the
said naval laws of the United States to the list of the
■ollicers and crew of the schooner Onkahye, who'
were on board the said vessel at the time of the cap-
turn of the bark Laurens, reports the following
dotaila of distribution of that portion of the prize
fund which by law belongs to the captors:
"1. Otway H. Berryman, lieutenant and com-
manding oliicer of the capturing vessel—three twen-
tieths.
"2. To E. J. Renshaw, passed midshipman and
acting master; George Wells, lieutenant; Alex-
ander Robinson, assistant surgeon—each one third
of four twentieths.
"3. To Leonard Paulding, passed midshipman;
A. T. Byreus, midshipman; Frank Zantzinger,
captain's clerk—each one third of three twentieths
and a half.
"4. To Edward Williams, carpenter's mate; John
Hopkins, quartermaster; W. IS. Miller, quarter-
master; Henry Scamsworths, ship's cook—each one
fourth of two twentieths and a half.
" 5. To William Thompson, ordinary seaman; Wel-
lington Lancaster, ordinary s.-aman; George Wilson,
ordinary seaman; Richard Murtough, ordinary sea-
man; William Howard, ordinary seaman; Thomas
Moore, ordinaiy seaman; Joseph Wilson, oidiuary
seaman; Bradlord Poller, ordinary seaman ; Charles
Belts, ordinary seaman: John I'earsall, ordinary
seaman; Charles Smith, third ordinary seaman;
Robert Wilson, third ordinary seurnan; Charles
Smith, second ordinary seaman; James Wilson,
second ordinary seaman ; Thomas H. Disney, second
ordinary seaman; John lletallic, second ordinary
seaman ; William Potter, second ordinary seaman ;
Irancis Smith, second ordinary seaman; Edward
Smith, second ordinary seaman ; Joseph Ward, sec-
ond ordinaryscaman ; John McKay, second ordinary
seaman; William 0. Leeson, second ordinary sea-
main John jBogert, landsman; William G. Coles,
first-class boy; John H. Wilkins, ordinary sea-
man—each inic twenty-fifth of seven twentieths.
" On the 16th of May, 1851, the decree of the court
was passed confirming tile report of the commis-
sioner, and directing the distribution to be made iu
conformity with it, and directing that the commis-
sioner's tees should be 'three per cent, upon the
amount of the property and its proceeds condemned
by the decrec of the court.' "
The SPKAKEli. Does the gentleman from
Indiana object to ihe bill?
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not see that what has
been read throws any particular light upon
the subject.
Mr. COGHLAN. Then I move to suspend
the rules and pass the bill.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
74, noes 5.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman
from Indiana insist 011 a further count?
Mr. HOLMAN. If the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs will say that the
committee have considered this bill when it
was properly before them and recommend its
passage, I will withdraw my objection. But
we are appropriating here nearly twenty-five
thousand dollars in a bill that has never
been legitimately considered by any commit-
tee of the House, and there is no intelligent
understanding of the case, although my friend
from California presents it very well from his
standpoint.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will inform the gentle-
man from Indiana that the Committee on
Naval Affairs did examine all the papers in
this case and heard parties in interest. I
paid a good deal of attention to the case per-
sonally at the time, and 1 came to the conclu-
sion that it was a fair and honest claim, and
that I ought to vote for it, but a portion of
the facts upon which I came to that conclu-
sion, and on which my judgment was based
at the time, have escaped my memory.
Mr. HOLMAN. Was the decision of the
Court of Claims in favor of the claim?
Mr. COGIILAN. I have just had the
decision read.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I could not answer that
question.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman say
thatthe decision of the court, taken altogether,
was in favor of the claim 1
Mr. PLATT. I desire to know whether
discussion is in order?
Mr. HOLMAN. Under any prdinary cir-
cumstances I should have to ask for a full vote
upon this question, but under the existing cir-
cumstances, and as the gentleman from Cali-
fornia is so sensitive over the matter, I will
withdraw ebjection.
Mr. COGHLAN. I am not sensitive about
it at all.
No further count being insisted on, the rules
were suspended, the bill was taken from the
Speaker's table, received its several readings,
and was passed.
Mr. COGHLAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIIARLBS W. WHITNEY.
Mr. ARCHEK also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with a recommendation
that the same do pass, Senate bill No. 329, for
the relief of Charles W. Whitney.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, appropriates the
sum of $50,000 to pay Charles \V. Whitney
for the enlargement of the iron-clad battery
Keokuk, upon the execution and delivery by
the said Whitney of a receipt in full for all
demands against the United States on account
of the construction of said vessel, including
all labor and material and all damages.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to ;
upon a division—ayes twenty-two, noes not
counted.
