1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Amendments to the Constitution—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
by ambition or dazzled by the splendors of a
great central power, subvert it under the guise
of an amendment, and by the absorption of
the powers of the States blot them out; and,
as has already been attempted, and I fear not
without success, erect a centralized despotism
upon the ruins of a free Federal Republic.
The residuary sovereignty of the States can-
not be diminished by an act of Congress.
What are termed the fourteenth and fifteenth
amendments are diminutions of the residuary
sovereignty of the States and delegations of
new and additional power to the Federal Gov-
ernment. They embrace matters which were
not in the original Constitution and over which
itsinfluence was notto extend, and the attempt
to wrest any part of their residuary sovereignty
from the States by the exercise of the power
of amendment is, in my judgment, unauthor-
ized by the Constitution. It is an exercise of
power by Congress which finds no support in
that instrument, and to the results of which
no validity can be imparted by the approval of
three fourths of the States. There is no power
greater or less than the sovereign power of
each State, acting voluntarily and uncoerced,
that can assent to any delegation or diminution
of its reserved powers.
The framers of the Consiitution regarded
the power of amendment, restricted ae it is,
as dangerous and exceptionable. Air. Sher-
man expressed his fears in the Federal Con-
vention, "that three fourths of the States
might be brought to do things fatal to particu-
lar States; as abolishing them altogether,"
and experience has demonstrated that his fears
were well grounded. For under the pretense
of amending the Constitution, acts of political
robbery have been attempted, the effect of
which will be to abolish the States and convert
them into petty provinces to be ruled by either
a military chieftain or an imperial and despotic
Congress, which brooks neither remonstrance
nor control.
But there is another phase of the subject
which I venture to suggest as worthy of con-
sideration, if anything like constitutional gov-
ernments are to be preserved in the States, or
the existence of States secured.
The union existing between the States under
the Articles of Confederation was superseded
by the adoption of the Federal Constitution,
which, when ratified by nine States, was to
be binding "between the States ratifying the
same." Had any one of the original mem-
bers of the Confederation withheld its assent
to the Constitution, it would not have been
bound by it. It required their unanimous con-
currence to make it binding upon all. North
Carolina and Khode Island, withholding their
assent for some time after th# new Government
was put into operation, were treated by Con-
gress in its legislation as foreign States. (See
act passed July 31, 1789.)
The nature of the Government itseit sug-
gests the reasons why the unanimous assent
of the original thirteen States was necessary
to establish between themselves the new Con-
stitution. The Confederation was to be dis-
solved and the frame of government existing
uuder it was to be superseded by another
which drew from the States additional powers
and made " essential inroads on their consti-
tutions." The sovereignty of each State was
to be diminished and the new Government
was to be vested with larger powers than were
bestowed upon the older one. Such conces-
sions could not rightfully be coerced trorn sov-
ereign and independent States, and could pro-
ceed only from the sovereign power in each
State, the people.
Since they, in the formation of each State
government, had distributed its powers among
three separate, coordinate, and independent
departments, and had limited those powers by
a written Constitution, no one of these depart-
ments, nor all combined, were invested with,
the sovereign power of the State. They were
merely the creatures of that power; their
scope of action was limited and defined, and
each represented only so much of the sover-
eignty of the State as the people had seen fit
to confer upon it. The Legislatures therefore
were not competent to assent to the proposed
delegations, and when the question of ratifi-
cation was discussed in the Federal Conven-
tion, it was determined that none but the
people, or a body chosen by them, represent-
ing the entire sovereign power of the State,
could assent to any surrender of its powers.
Mr. Madison said that—
" It is clear the Legislatures were incompetent to
the proposed changes. These changes -would make
essential inroads on the State constitutions; and ifc
would be a novel and dangerous doctrine that a
Legislature could change the constitution under
which it held its existence."
If the doctrine had been admitted that the
Legislatures were competent to make such
delegations, though they were but few and
defined in their character, it would have fol-
lowed that if they could delegate a part, they
could delegate the whole, and subvert the
governments of the States and make the crea-
ture greater than its creator. Truly did Mr.
Madison say that the doctrine was "a novel
and dangerous one," and it is to-day as dan-
gerous, if not so novel, as it was then.
This "novel and dangerous doctrine" has
been put into practice in the ratification of
your amendments. The State Legislatures
have been appealed to to delegate to the Fed-
eral Government additional powers which
make "essential inroads on the State consti-
tutions," and produce changes therein which
they have no power to make. They have un-
dertaken to change the organic law of their
States and to diminish their sovereignty by
delegating to the Federal Government such
new and additional powers as the right to de-
termine citizenship in the States, the qualifica-
tions for office and the control of suffrage, and
in so doing have usurped control over subjects
which by the several State constitutions—I
know of no exception—have been placed en-
tirely beyond their jurisdiction. Suffrage being
a fundamental right of sovereignty, is secured
by the State constitutions against legislative
control; so also are the rights of citizenship
and the qualifications for office.
It is indeed a dangerous doctrine to admit
the right of one department of a State govern-
ment to interfere with what belongs exclu-
sively to the people, and to assume to do that
which they alone, or a body expressly chosen
by them for that purpose, are competent to
do. To admit the validity of mere legislative
assent to such radical changes of the very
forms of government, both State and Federal,
is to rest the entire fabric upon no more sub-
stantial basis than legislative action ; and as
one Legislature, unless restrained by the con-
stitution, may undo what a previous Legis-
lature has done, all idea of permanence or
stability in government is destroyed; for when-
ever ambition .or corruption can bring such
influences to operate upon the Legislatures
of the States as will induce them to consent
to such changes, the governments, both State
and Federal, may and will be subverted.
Before proceeding farther with these re-
marks, I have a word to say in relation to the
thirteenth amendment. While it differs in its
origin from the fourteenth and fifteenth amend-
ments, in that the seceding States were vol-
untarily absent from the Congress which pro-
posed it, yet from its nature, as an unauthor-
ized encroachment upon the rights of the
people of the States, and from the manner of
its pretended ratification, in my judgment it
is equally unconstitutional, and. confers a fciti©
to freedom not by any means free from legal or
constitutional doubt. Nevertheless, I have no
desire to reenslave those who by the accident
of war and the acquiescence of the people of
the States in which the institution of slavery
existed, have been set free; nor would I coun-
tenance or aid in remanding back into slavery
any of that class. But I can never admit that
it is in the power of Congress under the guise
of amendments, though three fourths of the
States may approve them, to deprive the citi-
zens of either a single. State or one fourth of
the States of any species of property whatever.
With this expression of opinion, which I trust
is sufficiently clear to prevent any misunder-
standing, I shall dismiss this amendment from
further consideration.
I?rom the premises stated, together with the
historical facts connected with the origin and
ratification of the " amendments," I am irre-
sistibly led to denounce as false and unfounded
the conclusions of both the resolutions quoted
in the opening of ray remarks. In both the
amendments are recognized as " valid parts
of the Constitution," and if this be true, it
involves the further admission that they are in
fact amendments and have been constitution-
ally proposed and ratified. To call them
"valid" is to admit that all that is required
to make them so has been done and consti-
tutionally done. As I have already discussed
the question, I need not stop here to inquire
if a Congress in which ten States were denied
representation was a body invested with con-
stitutional power to propose measures of such
solemn import. Where is the authority in the
Constitution which either expressly or by
implication warrants the position that they
had forfeited their right to representation ?
If successful war, waged to prevent the sever-
ance of the bond of union between them and
their sister States, effected what it was intended
to defeat, then such exclusion might find some
shadow of justification. But this the sup-
porters of the amendments would scarcely dare
to admit. It is historically true that as States
in the Union they were denied the right of
representation, while the body which excluded
them devised and enforced a scheme of "re-
construction " wholly "outside of the Con-
stitution," as Thaddeus Stevens, its boldest,
frankest, and most consistent advocate, de-
clared it to be. To the tender mercies of this
cruel monster the destinies of the seceding
States were committed; and while usurpation
was plottingto destroy by these acts the Union
founded upon the voluntary consent of those
States, they were held in the grip of military
power and forced at the point of the bayonet
to submit to political ravishment. "Recon-
struction " is the parent of the fourteenth and
fifteenth amendments. They are the children
of its loins, and like parent like children. The
reconstruction acts were "outside the Con-
stitution;" being unconstitutional they were
simply usurpations and void, and their results
are necessarily illegitimate and can have no
claim to validity.
To sum up the whole matter, conceding for
the sake of argument that these propositions
were amendments, the Congress by which
they were proposed was not a constitutional
one, but had by the arbitrary exclusion of
ten States from representation reduced itself
to a mere fragment, incapable of legally exer-
cising such power. But I cannot admit that
they are, properly speaking, amendments.
They have no. relation whatever to the sub-
ject-matter of the Constitution, but make such
essential changes in that instrument as -to
virtually subvert the whole frame of Gov-
ernment subsisting uuder it, and to open the
door tp still bolder and more dangerous
encroachments upon the liberties and rights
of the people of the several States. They
