1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
by these bank monopolists. We claim that the
whole people are swindled and robbed by the infa-
mous tariff, which puts millions of money into the
pockets of a few miserable, greedy, and tyrannical
iron and coal monopolist?, who unite with railroad
companies, as they did during the eoal strike last
spring, for the acknowledged purpose of starving
the workingmen into submission." * * *
"We claim that the gifts of public land to rail-
road companies are clear, sheer, unmitigated rob-
bery, and deprive the whole people of their rightful
inheritance—the land—which belongs to all the peo-
ple alike, and not to any part of them, least of all
to the corrupt rings who bribe Congress and the
Legislatures and the press into supporting them and
silencing their opponents."
[Here the hammer fell.]
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
-.ad examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following title, when the Speaker signed
the same:
A bill (H. R. No. 773) relating to thelimita ■
tion of steam pressure on towing and freight
boats on the Mississippi river and its tribu-
taries.
wages and hooks of labor.
Mr. STORM. I now yield to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to move that the bill be recommitted
to the committee with instructions to report
us a substitute the concurrent resolution which
[ offered a little while ago, providing for the
ippointment of a joint committee.
Mr. KB BR. I yield to the gentleman for
tfiat purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I makethat motion.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
It does not cut off debate, as it is not neces-
sary that it should be voted on now. The
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, it is my con-
stant habit, as a member of this body, when
any proposition is presented for my consider-
ation to inquire, first, is it warranted by the
Constitution; and secondly, is it right; apd
lastly, is it expedient ? If it fail on the crucial
test of authority for its enactment, my mind
instantly assumes an attitude of hostility. If
it prove also to be neither right nor expedient,
my duty to oppose it becomes yet more impera-
tive.
When the bill of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hoar] was sprung upon the
House the other day, the prompt response of
my mind to these questions was adverse to the j
propriety of its enactment. It impressed me 1
with the conviction that it involved a gross ex-
cess of authority, would create three new offi-
cers at a cost of $15,000 a year, with a train
of subordinate officers and other expenses;
would provide more places for partisans, ac-
complish no good for the people, and that it
is in itself insincere and hollow, and chiefly
intended by a also pretense to bridge over the
next presidential election, and mislead the
discontented sons of toil into voting the^ Radi-
cal ticket iti 1872. In these impressions I
was speedily confirmed by the conduct of its
mover on this floor, and of his colleague from
the tenth district, [Mr. Dawes,] both of whom
hastened with most, unbecoming zeal to give
a mere partisan temper to its discussion, and
to attempt to manufacture very cheap party
capital out of its reception by myself and the
gentleman from New "iork, [Sir. Wood.] These
attempts were at once unworthy of them, and
unjust toward me. And they will fail to at-
tain their object. The laboring men of this
country are not gudgeons; their instincts are
manly and lawful; they are sagacious and in-
telligent ; and they will keenly comprehend
the difference between an empty promise and
effective relief.
Mr. Speaker, after careful consideration, I
feel compelled by a sense of duty to oppose
this bill. What does it propose? It proposes
to appoint three commissioners charged "to in-
vestigate the subject of wages and the hours
of labor, and of the division of the joint profits
of labor and capital between the laborer and
capitalist, and the social, educational, and
sanitary condition of the laboring classes of
the United States, and how the same are
affected by existing laws regulating commerce,
finance, and currency."
Mr. Speaker, it is simply impossible for the
wit of man to point to any authority in Con-
gress to legislate on these subjects, except the
last three, commerce, finance, and currency.
It mocks the language and spirit of the Con-
stitution itself, and of its framers and expound-
ers, to assume that Congress may regulate the
hours of labor, or the standard and rates of
wages, or the division of the joint profits of
labor and capital, or the social condition, or
the educational institutions, or the sanitary
interests of the people throughout the country
and between man and man, according to its
own pleasure. Such a sweep of jurisdiction
in the Federal Government would leave abso-
lutely nothing for the States or the people.
They would have no power to protect or gov-
ern their people or legislate for their welfare.
All local governments would speedily become
mere expensive sinecures, and the power of
Congress would become as transcendent, ab-
sorbing, and exclusive as that of the British
Parliament. It could enact sumptuary laws,
dictate the terms of private contracts, control
the pursuits of the people, regulate the relations
of domestic life, of guardian and ward, of mas-
ter and servant, of marriage and divorce, of
parent and child, and at length transform the
people into a nation of feeble and helpless
automatons. Our system of local self-govern-
ments for the regulation of all these great
domestic interests and concerns, heretofoie the
just pride and boast of our people, would be
strangled in the iron hand of centralism.
Where did Congress get the power to enact,
sumptuary laws, or laws regulating the sanitary
condition and habits of the people, or the
hours during which, upon private contract or
otherwise, individuals throughout this country
may be required to labor, or during which, by
their own voluntary consent, they may bind
themselves to labor ? Where do you get the
power to divide the profits which capital may
derive from its own investments between the
capitalist and the laborer? Adopt such a
policy, and the race of citizens, of manly, self-
reliant., self-governing, and vigorous citizens,
will soon become extinct, and only subjects
will remain. Uniformity might be established
in our institutions, and with it monotony and
national weakness. The schools in which the.
people might learn by actual practice and dis-
cipline the modes and duties of self-govern-
ment would be forever closed. If the ceutral
power were ever so wise and just it would still
be infinitely dangerous to liberty, true growth,
and real greatness. De focqueville most
pertinently says:
" It profits me but little, after all, that a vigilant
authorityshouldprotect the tranquillity of my pleas-
ures, and constantly avert all dangers from my path,
without my care or my concern, if this same author-
ity is the absolute mistress of my liberty and of ray
lite, and if itso monopolizes all the energy of exist-
ence that when it languishes everything languishes
around it; that when it sleeps everything must
sleep; that when it dies, the State itself must perish."
This is the hard destiny to which the policy
of this bill tends to bring our country. But. it
is suggested by my esteemed friend from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Storm,] not by gentlemen on
the other side, that this measure only proposes
to get information on these subjects, but not
as a basis for legislation, f answer, then, that
the bill ought to fail, because it holds out. de-
lusive promises to those who need actual and
immediate relief. It is vain and meaningless,
unless its intent is deception, or the betrayal
of the hopes of the workingmen. If y ou really
desire to authorize an inquiry by impartial
men on the three subjects last named m the
bill, of commerce, finance, and currency; or
on these subjects, together with taxation, tariffs,
congressional railroadsand other corporations,
and their franchises, and the effect of all these
on the interests and welfare of the people, or
upon any other subject over which you have
constitutional power to legislate, then I will
join you most heartily and zealously, and spare
no effort of voice, influence, or labor to advance
the success of such an investigation. I will
favor most sincerely any movement that will
afford quick, sure, honest, and material relief
to the oppressed and tax-ridden people.
The people are tired of mere delusive prom-
ises, of buncombe resolutions, which they well
understand bind nobody, relieve nobody, ac-
complish nothing, cost nothing to their movers,
and constitute the cheapest of cheap political
capital.
The people have no faith in commissions.
They doubt their sincerity and their impar-
tiality ; they know how apt they are to become
mere instruments of party: to be manipulated
for selfish ends; to be controlled by capital
and power ; to become mere abject apologists
for the laws and schemes by winch the people
are oppressed ; and to be used to forge new
manacles for the limbs and energies of labor.
The Guardian, one of the most intelligent
advocates of the interests of labor, speaking
upon this general subject in a late number,
says with great force and sagacity:
" In yielding to the demand of labor by erecting a
labor bureau, capital may be presenting to labor a
Trojan horse, which may prove to be one of the great-
est obstacles t.o the consummation of labor's rights.
It may be run wholly in the interests of capital, and
can readily be made a most dangerous engine. It
can give any and every phase of facts and argu-
ments which shall confuse, bewilder, divide, and
cause dissensions in the workingmen's ranks."
Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to the whole
system of political bureaus. They generally
have their origin m a restless cupidity for
wealth and power. They naturally lead to,
if they do not directly foster, abuses and cor-
ruption. The Freed men's Bureau proved
effective enough to organize the political power
of the colored race in the service of the Repub-
lican party, but it was good for nothing else.
It was most expensive, gave power to carpet-
baggery, and festered with corruption.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mi-
Hoar,] and his colleague from the tenth dis-
trict, [Mr. Dawes,] may desire to provide
against future political emergencies by now
organizing a labor bureau for similar purposes
against white men. I object to these things
because they tend to multiply offices, augment
unnecessarily the public expenditures, increase
patronage, and debauch the public morals. I
object to them also because they are often
resorted to for mere procrastination to avoid
the timely discharge of imperative duties, and
to dodge'or shuffle off responsibility. You
organized a civil service commission It has
yet accomplished nothing but the wasting of a
good deal of the people's money. If it_ ever
reach any conclusions or report, you will be
no better qualified to act affirmatively than
you have been for two years. Why do you
not reform the civil service? Why do you not
reduce the number of offices and the expense
of administration, and purge the service of
defaulters and scoundrels, in the interests of
labor, of the tax-payers?
Several years ago you organized in the
Treasury a revenue commission to investi-
gate the great questions of revenue, taxation,
commerce, and currency. The Commissioner
proved to be a most impartial and accom-
plished investigator, and his reports were rich
in information and wise counsel, and were
directly calculatcd to promote the interests
and relieve the unjust burdens of labor, and
to protect the workingman a.gainst the power
and tyranny of capital. But because of these
facts, you abolished his office and turned out
Hon. David A. Wells, the Conmissioner.
Tou have ever since condemned alike bis
facts and his counsel.
How were those reports and that counsel re
ceived by the Congress of the United States,
by you gentlemen who are now so loud in your
