1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HIT
Mr. COX. It is apparent on the face of
the bill that it has been substantially altered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
in what respect.
Mr. COX. In reference to the matter men-
tioned by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] by striking out "citizens" and
putting in ''persons;" a most substantial
amendment.
The SPEAKER. No such alteration ap-
pears on the bill.
Mr. DAWES. My inquiry is whether it
would be in order for the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Frye] to so modify his bill as to
strike out the word "citizen" and insert the
word person," so that it might be a bill to
protect all persons?
The SPEAKER. Whether it would be in
order now ?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
TheSPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
can modify his bill now.
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to the gentleman
to so modify his bill.
Mr. PERCE. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state what
seems to be the difficulty with gentlemen. On
Monday the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Doom:] introduced a bill and referred
it to the appropriate committee, the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and it was ordered to be
printed. On Thursday he introduced a bill,
and gave notice that it would be called up for
action this morning. iVora constat it must be
the same bill. The gentleman from Maine is
at liberty to modify it-
Mr. ELDREDGE. My point of order is
this: that the first question is on the motion
to reject, the bill, and not on seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. COX. That the bill be not received?
Mr. ELDREDGE. Yes, but that amounts
to the same thing.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The effect
of such a motion would be that the previous
question could not be called, and then it would
go over forever.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin has the right to make his motion. The
demand for the previous question which the
gentleman from Maine has made is on the en-
grossment and third reading of the bill. The
bill having been once read, tne gentleman from
Wisconsin moves that tt be rejected. The
previous question does not come iu until a sub-
sequent stage of the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is the
motion of the gentleman from Wisconsin de-
batable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. Nothing is
debatable in the morning hour.
Mr. ELDREDGE. i demand the yeas and
nays on my motion to reject the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeasSD, nays 116, not voting
35 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Barnum,
Beck, Biggs, Bud, James U. Blair, Braxton, Bright,
J auius Brooks, C,ndwell, Campbell, Carroll. Cogh f an,
Connngo, Cox, Ciebs, Critoher, Grassland, Davis,
Ilex, Duljose, Duke,_ Eldredge, Porker, Gariett,
Uetz, Gotladay, Griffith, Haldemun, Ilambloton,
Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Haiper, John T. Harris,
.Hereford, Ilerndon, llibbard. llolman, Houghton,
Kendall, Kerr, King, Loach, Lewis, Mancon, Mar-
shall. AleOlelland, MeCormiek, McHeniy, Alelntyre,
MeKmney, McNeely, Men lok, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Morgan, Niblack, lio-.ea W. Parker. Eli ferry, Pot-
ter, Price, Head, Edward Y. Iticc, William It. Rob-
erts, Itobiuson, Rogers, Sherwood, Shobcr, Slater,
Sloc.um, Sloss, It. Milton Speer, Stevens, Storm,
Swann, Teriy, Tutlull, Van Trump, Yaughan,
\ oorhees, Waddell, Wells, Whitthorne, Wiihams
of New York, Winchester, Wood, and Youn^—-89.
ard. Burden. licnjmain F. Butler, Willi.im T. Ciui-ke,
Cobb, Coharn, Conner, Cotlon, Creeh, Ciocker, Dar-
rnil, Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, lluell, Dannell,
E.imes, Fmkeliiburg, Charles Fo.-ter, Wilder D.
Foster, Frye, G,irlield, Hanner, Geoige E. JJarjis,
Havens,^ Hawley, Hay, Hays, Gerry \V. llazelton,
John VY". llazclton, Iiill, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley,
Ketchara, Killinger, Lamport, Lowe, Lynch, Jfay-
nard, McCrary, Mcurew, McJunkm, McKee, Afer-
cur, Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Morphia, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaao
C. Parker. Peek. Perce, Aaron F. Perry. Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Prindle, Harney, Ellis ii. Roberts,
Rusk, Sargent, Sawyor, Scofield, Seeley, Sessions,
Shanks, Sheldon, Sheilabarger, Shoemaker,' II.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snapp, Thomas J,
Speer, bprague, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stough-
tun, Stowel!, Strong, Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Wash-
ington Townsend, Tamer, Twichell, Tyner, Upton,
Walden, Waidron, Wallace, ^ Wheeler, Whiteley,
Willard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
and John T. Wilson—11G.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Archer. Austin
Blair. Roderick R. Butler, Freeman Clarke, Con-
ner, De Large, JSlliott, Fly. Farnsworth, Farwell,
Henry D. Foster, Goodrich, Hale, Halsey, Kellogg,
Kinsoila. Lamison, Lansing, Mitchell. Morey, Pen-
dleton, Peters, Randall, John M. Jiiee, Ritchie,
Roosevelt, Worthington C.Smith, Snscler, St. John,
Sutherland, Dwight Townsend, Wakcman, Walls,
and W arren—35.
So the House refused to reject the bill.-
During the vote,
Mr. SWANN stated his colleague, Mr.
Archer, was detained at home by severe sick-
ness in his family, and that if present he
would vote in the affirmative.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The morning hour having expired, the bill
went over to Monday next.
prisoners of war.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order was a motion coming over from last
Monday, made by Mr. Shanks, that the rules
be so suspended as to allow him to introduce
and the House to pass a joint resolution in
relation to prisoners of war.
The joint resolution, which was read, author-
izes and requests the President of the United
States to open friendly correspondence and
negotiations with any and all civilized nations
with a view to procure the adoption in the laws
of nations of a provision that captives in war
shall not be personally retained as prisoners,
but shall, under li3gs of truce, be returned at
the earliest possible time to their own lines or
vessels, and paroled until properly exchanged,
so that the books of the commissioners of
exchange of the respective belligerents shall
determine the relative advantage iu captives,
and thus the onerous burdens and sacrifices
of prison-life be prevented.
Mr. SHANKS. This is a question of great
iuteiest to the whole civilized world, and in
consideration of the importance of the meas-
ure, I shall not ask that it be pressed through
under the previous quesiion. 1 therefore with-
draw the moiion to suspend the rules and pass
the joint resolution, and ask that it be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, with a
right to report at any time.
Mr. BROOKS, of Neiv York. I do not
know about, that.
Mr. SHANKS. It is a very important meas-
ure. and 1 hope there will be no objection to
its reference.
Mr. COX. I hope the resolution will not
be sent to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
That committee will send nothing back to the
House which is referred to them. We have
referred to them questions about Cuba involv-
ing this very thing. I would like very much
to see something done to mitigate the horrors
of war, and I look upon this as a very valuable
proposition.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Shanks] will ask
the House to pass the resolution now, I think
every member will vote for it.
Mr. COX. I object to the gentleman with-
drawing his motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. SHANKS. Then 1 insist on my motion,
that the rules be suspended and the joint res-
olution parsed.
The quesiion was on suspending the rules ;
and being taken, it was agreed to, (two thirds
voting in favor thereof)
So the rules were suspended; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 103) authorizing the
President to open negotiations with all civil-
ized nations in reference to captives in war was
received, read three times, and passed.
i'rejs salt and coal,
Mr. HALE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the following resolution b§
adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
, i-Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be, and the same is hereby, instructed, whenever it
shall report a hill changing any import duties, to
place salt and coal upon the free list.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Halk] to consent that the reso-
lution shall be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means. It does seem to me that
it is rather an unusual course to take the
business of the Committee of Ways and Means
into this House while they are considering all
these matters with all the diligence which
new men like the members of that committee,
can be expected to apply to these great sub-
jects, I ask the gentleman ftom Maine to
permit this matter to be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HALE. In introducing this resolution
there is, of course, no intention to tieat the
Committee of Ways and Means with any dis-
courtesy. The House last spring passed a
bill having this object in view by more than
a three-fourths vote. One week ago the House,
on a resolution similar to this, instructed the
committee to report a bill placing tp,a and
coffee on the free list. I for one do not wish
the committee, acting under tliat instruction,
to report a bill applying to tea and coffee
alone, but in accordance with what the House
is already committed to 1 desire that the bill
reported by the committee shall place salt and
coal also on the free list.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Mr. Speaker, is this
question debatable?
The SPEAKER. It i3 not,
Mr. DAWES. I appeal to the House to
allow these matters which belong to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to go to that com-
mittee.
Mr. HODMAN. I object to debate.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
make a parliamentary inquiry. Is it in order
to move to amend the resolution?
The SPEAKER. It is not when the motion
pending is to suspend the rules and pass the
resolution.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I desire to make
a parliamentary inquiry. Is it in order to
move to lay the iesoluiion on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. DAWES. I wish also to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. How does this differ from
the bill already passed in relation to this sub-
ject?
The SPEAKER. That is in the nature of
debate rather than a parliamentary point. The
Chair also would remind the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means that this is not
a bill, but a resolution of instructions to the
committee.
Mr. KtLLINGER. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. I hope we will not adjourn.
Let us have a vote which will settle faiily aud
squarely whether the business of the Com-
mittee of Ways aud Means is to bo transacted
here or in their committee-room.
Mr. McGRE W. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn.
The question being put on ordering the yeas
and nays, there were—ayes seventeen; not a
sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Hale's motion
to suspend the rules.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I appeal to the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] to allow
me to add " tobacco " to the articles mentioned
iu his resolution.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not amend-
able, '
