1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2909
Yerba Buena, be taken from tho files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
message from the house
A message from the Home of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the bill
(S. No. 616) to release to the State of Indiana
the lands known as the bed of Beaver lake,
in Newton county, in said State, with amend-
ments; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the following bills :
A bill (H. R. No. 106) for the relief of
purchasers of lands sold for direct taxes in
the insurrectionary States;
A bill (H. R. No. 112) for the relief of G.
S. Baker, of Marysville, Missouri, for the
reissue of a certain bond;
A bill (H. R. No. 286) to perpetuate testi-
mony in the courts of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No 501) authorizing the appro-
priation for the employment of surfmen at
alternate life-saving stations on the New Jersey
coast for the fiscal year ending June SO, 1S72,
to be expended in employing crews at such
stations, and for such periods, and at such
compensation, as the Secretary of the Treasury
may deem reasonable, not to exceed forty
dollars per month for each person employed ;
A bill (H. R. No. 864) to extend the time
of payment for their lands by persons holding
preemptions on the public lands in the State
of Minnesota;
A bill (H. R. No. 873) for the relief of
settlers on the Osage lands in the State of
A bill (H. R. No. 1016) to promote the
development of the mining resources of the
United States ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1149) to authorize the
commissioners of claims to appoint special
commissioners to take testimony, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1943) for the relief of
Robert Williams, jr., collector third district
Ohio; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1946) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Harding.
reports 01' committees.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 1023) granting the right of way
through the public lands for the construction
of a railroad and telegraph to the Utah, Idaho
and Montana Railroad Company, reported it
with amendments.
He also, from the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2207) to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge and to establish the same
as a post road, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee oti Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of David
Kleinman, praying compensation for property
. taken by United States troops at Washington,
District of Columbia, in 1865, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to; and he submitted an
adverse report thereon, which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Brotton Davis,
moved that the petitioner have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers, the case having
been settled by the Department.
T he motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Appropriations, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1061) making appropriations for
the support of the Military Academy for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, renorted it
with amendments.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1028) to incorporate the HeL
ena and Northern Utah Railroad Company,
and grant the same the right of way through
the public lands, reported it with amend-
ments.
depredations on texas frontiers.
Mr. PATTERSON. The Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 136) appointing
commissioners to inquire into depredations on
the frontiers of the State of Texas, have in-
structed me to report it without amendment,
and if there is no objection, as it is a short
bill, 1 ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution. The preamble states
that there are complaints of many depre.ia
tions having been committed for several years
past upon the frontiers of the State of Texas
by bands of Indians and Mexicans who crossed
the Rio Grande river into the State of Texas,
murdering the inhabitants or carrying them
into captivity, and destroying or carrying away
the property of the citizens of that State; as
also that bands of Indians have committed and
continue to commit like depredations on the
property, lives, and liberty of the citizens along
the northern and northwestern frontiers ot
said State. The joint resolution therefore
proposes to empower tiie President of the
United States to appoint three persons to act
as commissioners to inquire into the extern,
and character of these depredations, by whom
committed, their residence, or country inhab
ited by them, the persons iimrdered or carried
into captivity, the character and value of the
property destroyed or carried aw,ty, from what,
portions of the State of Tex:as, and to whom
the same belonged. The commissioners, or a
majority of them, are, as soon as practicable,
to proceed to the frontiers of Texas, and take
the testimony, under oath, of such witnesses
as may appear before them, after having given
notice for ten days previous, by publication 111
the nearest newspaper, of the time and place
of their meeting, of all such depredations,
when, where, by, and upon whom committed,
and shall make up and transmit to the Presi-
dent full reports of their investigations. Tne
commissioners are to receive as compensation
for their services the sum of ten dollars per
day each, aud their (ravelingexpenses to each,
for and during the time they shall be engaged
in the service; and the sum of $0,000 is ap-
propriated to pay the expeuses of the iuvesti
gation and of the commissioners.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me to be a
singular proceeding to organize a wandering
commission to roam along the border.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is confined 10 one local-
ity.
Mr. SHERMAN. How many miles?
Mr. PATTERSON. 1 will say to the Sen-
ator from Ohio, what I presume be is well
aware of, that the President in his last two
annual messages has called the attention of
Congress to this subject, that already the sub-
ject has been before one committee for invest
igation, and we have ascertained that frauds
and outrages upon the people and their prop-
erty are c mstantly being perpetrated on that
southwestern frontier, and there ought to be
more definite knowledge as to the character
of those outrages and the parties committing
them.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does it involve an appro-
priation to pay the claims ?
Mr. PATTERSON. Not at all; it is a
mere inquiry.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the committee have
investigated it, I will not interpose an objec-
tion.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio that the passage of this resolution jj
will have the effect of satisfying the minds of (j
the people to a certain extent aud allaying j.
excitements now existing tber>- in consequence jj
of these troubles. If nothing should be done, [(
collisions might occur which would cost the
Government a great deal more than this com-
mission will cost. It is a commission fcr
peace upon that border and to ascertain facts
to enable the Government to act.
Mr. STEWART. I would suggest to the
Senator from New Hampshire that the provis-
ions of this resolution ought to extend not
only along the border but to Arizona. There
has been a great deal of trouble there of the
same kind. The investigation ought to extend
all along the Mexican border.
Mr. PATTERSON. This applies to diffi-
culties along the Rio Grande. The Senate
may lemeniber that President Juarez brought
this subject to the attention of the Mexican
Congress, asking them to abrogate what is
called the Zona Libre which extended partly
up the Rio Grande. There was a Jong discus-
sion in the Mexican Congress, and instead
of abrogating the decree establishing '.he Zona
Libra, they extended it to El Paso, the whole
length of that frontier, so that Matamoras,
being a free, port, admits goods from all parts
of the world tree, and the free belt runs six
miles wide up the entire length of the Rio
Grande to El Paso, and goods are constantly
being smuggled across.
Mr. STEWART. I think it ought to be
amended so as to extend along the whole Mex-
ican border.
Mr. PATTERSON. If the resolution is
amended it will have to go back to the House.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr, CARPENTER a^ked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1053) relating to the disposition
of certain lands to be rtc'aimed in sections
fourteen, twenty-three, and twenty-six, in
township sixteen north, of range twenty, in
the county of Sheboygan, State of Wisconsin;
which was read twiee by its title and referred
to the Cornmittp on Public Lands.
Mr. STEVENSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1054) to reimburse the State of
Kentucky for moneys expended for the United
States in enrolling, subsisting, clothing, sup-
plying, arming, equipping, paying, and trans-
porting militia forces, to aid in suppressing
the rebellion : which was read twice by its title,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let it lie on the table
for the present.
The bill was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, asked, and
by unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1055) to autlmriz' the ex-
! tension and use of the National railroad of
Maryland into and within the Disirict of
Columbia: which was read twice by its title,
referred to tjie Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ALCORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave lo introduce a bill (S.
No. 1056) to grant right of way through the
public lands of the United States to the Mo-
bile and Northwestern Railroad Company;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introdue a bill (S.
No. 1057) for the relief of Mrs. M. S. Morse,
administratrix and widow of Isaac E. Morse,
deceased ; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee 011 Foreign
Relations.
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 105S) to prohibit contracts for servile labor
and to amend and enforce existing laws against
the cooly trade; which was read twice by it>i
title.
Mr. CASSERLY. That bill is in pursuance
