1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3805
The question was upon the third reading
of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe this bill contains
an appropriation. I make the point of order
that under the rules of the House it must re-
ceive its first consideration in Committee of
the Whole.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Ran-
dall.) The point of order is made too late ;
it would have been good if made in time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that this hill be
laid on the table.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 8, noes 87 ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Soofield
and Mr. Holman were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 13, noes 110.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table
was not agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. ARCHEll. 1 hope not. This bill has
been considered by three Naval Committees
of the fortieth, Forty-First, and Forty-Second
Congresses.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Archer] yield
for the motion to refer ?
Mr. ARCHER. I do not yield the floor
for that purpose. 1 claim the floor myself,
and call the previous question on the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 rise to a question of
order. 1 submitted a motion to refer this bill
to the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
recognized the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Archer] as entitled to the floor, he
having reported the bill, and he said lie did
not. yield for a motion to refer, but called the
previous question.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the previous question 13
seconded, it will cut off my motion to refer.
Mr. ARCHER. That is what I want to do.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question : and upon a division there
were—ayes 105, uoes 17.
So the previous question was seconded.
'The main question was then ordered; and
under the operation thereof the bill was read a
third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. At this point, because of
the lateness of the hour and the total inability
to manage affairs with discreetness, 1 move
that the House now adjourn.
Mr. COftHLAN. Total inability on your
part? [Laughter.]
The question was taken on the motion to
adjourn ; and it was not agreed to, upon a
division—ayes 14, noes 105.
Mr. HOLMAN. Did a quorum vote?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It does
not require a quorum to decide the motion to
adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] is cor-
rect.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not the vote show
that there is not a quorum present ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It shows that
110 quorum voted; that is all. The gentleman
can ascertain whether there is a quorum pres-
ent or not 011 the passage of the bill..
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the bill be
laid on the table.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] not to make any more
dilatory motions 011 this bill. It is evident
that a very large majority of the House are in
favor of the passage of this bill. Although
his judgment may be against the bill, I think
the evident, desire of the House should be
respected. Alter having made a full and fair
fight against the bill, I ask the gentleman to
cense his opposition now. We have other bills
that we want to report.
Mr. HOLMAN. Amillion dollars is involved
in the passage of this bill.
Mr. ARCHER. There is only $50,000 de-
pendent upon this bill.
The motion to lay the bill on the table was
not agreed to. upon a division—ayes 17, noes
110.
Mr. ARCHER. As time ia valuable to us
I move that the rules be now suspended and
this bill passed.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will inform the gentleman that the next ques-
tion is 011 the passage ef the bill.
Mr. ARCHER, Very well; let that ques-
tion be taken.
Mr. COX. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. ARCHER. Then I must insist upon
my motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. COX. And 1 insist upon my motion
to adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. COX. Is not the question on my mo-
tion first?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
recognized the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Archer] to move to suspend the rules and
pass the bill. At the suggestion of the Chair
that the next question was upon the passage
of the bill, the gentleman from Maryland
waived that motion. Then it was that the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] inter-
posed his motion to adjourn. Under the cir-
cumstances, the Chair felt bound to give the
preference to the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. COX. 1 see the Chair has exercised
his preference for that gentleman.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not one motion to ad-
journ in order pending a motion to suspend
the rules ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is.
Mr. COX. Will the Chair recognize me to
make that motion?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will recognize the gentleman to make any
motion that is in order; but not anything that
is not in order. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I thank the Chair. I now move
that the House adjourn.
The question was taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Archer to suspend the rules and pass the
bill.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
107, noes 16.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill
was passed.
TEN STEAM VESSELS OF WAR.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I am di-
rected by the Committee on Naval Affairs to
report a bill to authorize the construction of
ton or more steam vessels of war, and for
other purposes, which I ask to be read.
The bill (H. R. No. 2877) was read' a first
and second time.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Navy be authorized to construct ten or more
steam vessels of war, each carrying ton or
more guns of large caliber; the hulls to be
built of iron or wood, as the Secretary may
decide ; and that $3,000,000 be appropriated
for that purpose out of any money in the
Treasury hereafter to be appropriated.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, owing to
the lateness of the hour, I propose to call the
previous question on the passage of that bill.
The Committee on Naval Affairs were unani-
mously in favor of it,
Mr. BINGHAM. And the country needs it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. And the country needs
it, as the gentleman from Ohio sitting near
me suggests. I demand the previous question.
Mr. COX. How much mouey is involved
in this bill V
Mr. HOLMAN. Over three million dollars.
I move the House adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to any further
debate.
Mr. SCOFIELD. There is no appropria-
tion in this bill; but the money is to be appro-
priated hereafter.
Mr. .COX. Everybody can see from the
saturnalia into which we have fallen we are
not fit to attend to the business of the
nation.
Mr. HOLMAN. All sorts of jobs have
been gotten through to-night, and we ought
to adjourn at once.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
58, noes 60.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BECK. I move that when the House
adjourn to-day it adjourn to meet on Saturday
next.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
39, noes 04; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No-quorum
voting, the Chair will order tellers.
Mr. BECK. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. YOUNG. I renew it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Oh, no ; let us take the
vote first on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. YOUNG. I withdraw my motion.
The question was takeu ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 63, nays 73, not voting
104; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Arthur, Beck, Biggs, Bird,
Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright,
Caldwell, Campbell, Comingo, Cotton, Cox, Crebs,
Davis, l>ox, Du Bose, Duke, Farnsworth, Fink-
elnburg, Garrett, Getz, Giddings, Golladay, Good-
rich, Griffith, Hancock, llandley, Hay, Hereford,
Herndon, Hibbard, Holman, Kendall, Killinger,
Leaeh, Manson, McClelland, McCrary, McGrew,
Mclntyre, KfcKee, Mc'Neely, Merrick; Benjamin
P. Meyers, Price, Prindle, Randall, Ritchie, Slater,
'Sloourn, Sloss, Thomas J. Speer, Stevens. Storui,
Terry, Turner, Watdron, Wells, Whiteley, Willard,
and Young—63.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Banks, Barber, Barnum,
Barry, Bealty, Jiigby, Bingham, Buckley, Badin-
ton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin 1'. Butler, Rod-
erick It. Butler, Uoghlan, Dickey, Donnan, Duell,
Bunnell,Illumes, Elliott, Charles Foster, Wilder D.
Foster, Frye, Garlicld, Haldeman, Hale, Harmer,
George li. Harris, John T. Harris, Hawley, Hays,
lioai, llougbton, Kellogg, Ketcham, Lamport,
Lowe, McCurimck, Mercur, Merriam, Moore,
Morcy, Leonard Myers, Orr, Packard, Packer, Isaac
C. Parker, Peck, Perce. Aaron 1'. Perry, Peters,
Piatt, Poland, Ellis H. Roberts, Robinson, Rusk,
Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Shoemaker,
John A. Smith, Starkweather, Sutherland, Taffe,
Washington Townsend, Twichell, Wakeman, Wal-
lace, Wmtthorne, Williams of Indiana, and Jere-
miah M. Wilson—7,'>.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Averill, liell, Beveridge, Boles, Brooks, Carroll,
Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Conner, Creely,
Oiitcher, Ciocker, Crossland, Darrall, Dawes, Do
Large, Eldredge, Ely, Farwelt, Forker, Henry D.
Foster, HaUey. Ilambieton, Hanks, Harper, Ha-
vens, Gerry W. Haaelton, John W. llaaelton, Hill,
Hooper, Kelley, Kerr, King, Kinsella, Lamison,
Lnnsing, Lewis, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, Mc-
Henry, McJunlun, McKinney, Mitchell, Monroe,
Morgan, Morphis, Negley, Niblack, Palmer, Hosea
W. Parker, Pendleton, Eli Perry, Porter, Potter,
Rainey, Road, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice.
William R. Roberts, John Rogers, 8. II. Rogers,
Roosevelt, Soeley, Sessions, Sheldon, Shellabarger,
Sherwood, Sbober, 11. Boardman Smith, Worthine-
ton C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, 11. Milton Speei,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong, St.
John, Swann, Sypher, Thomas, Dwight Townsend,
Tuthill, Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Yaughan, Voor-
hoes, Waddcll, Waldon, Walls, Warren. Wheeler,
Williams of New York, John T. Wilson, Winches-
ter, and Wood—104.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made :
Mr. PACKARD. My colleague, Mr. Tyner,
is absent this evening on account of ill health.
If he were present he would vote "no."
Mr. L. MYERS. My colleague, Mr. Neg-
ley, is absent, on a committee of conference.
If he were present he would vote "no."
Mr. PERCE. My colleague, Mr. Morphis,
is detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. WALDRON. My colleague, Mr.
Stoukhtox, is absent on account of ill heahh.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. BECK. I move that the House take a
