170
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 28,
Ho. op Eeps.
Texas Politics—Mr. Herndon.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
•were not required to cure any defect in the
original Constitution; none of its provisions
needed any such alteration; no evil was
discovered in the distribution of the powers
of Government or its organization that re-
quired any readjustment of its machinery;
it needed no repairing to stimulate its action
or renew its vigor; it was simply to enlarge
and centralize power in the Federal Govern-
ment; to diminish and weaken the sovereignty
of the States; to lessen their influence; to re-
duce them to the condition of provinces, and
to convert the Government from a Federal
into a centralized and imperial one, that such
additions, improperly styled amendments, were
attached to the Constitution. Again, I main-
tain that, relating as they do to subjects over
■which the people had never delegated any
control to any of their creatures, no State
government, nor any department of any State
government, had any right or power whatever
to pretend to ratify them; and I do not fear
to assert that the amendments, so far from
being valid, as declared by the resolutions
under consideration, are but acts of a frac-
tional Congress, unauthorized by the Consti-
tution, and therefore utterly null and void.
But besides affirming the validity of the
amendments, the first resolution instructs the
Ipeople to acquiesce in such " reasonable legis-
lation of Congress as may be necessary to
make them in their letter and spirit most
effectual." What is "such reasonable legis-
lation?" Are civil rights bills, under whose
withering influence the courts and civil tribu-
nals in the State perish, such "reasonable
legislation ?'' Is it to be found in your enforce-
ment bills ? Are we to look for it in acts to
destroy the freedom of elections, to control
the ballot-box, and to substitute for the popu-
lar will the decrees of the bayonet ? Is
either reason or the spirit of freedom apparent
in such legislation as the act passed on the
20th of April, 1871, which transforms the
Executive into a dictator, and arms him with
more than imperial power ?
Is it in such legislation as makes the civil
subordinate to the military power, and clothes
the President with authority, limited by his
own discretion alone, to make war upon the
States, to suspend the great writ of habeas
corpus, and to declare martial law as he has
already done under its provisions? Martial
law 1 It is the suspension of all law. It
takes away the right of citizens to legal trial.
"It suspends the claim of an enemy to quarter
and the other rights of civilized war. The
whole compound is the fiend's charter; and
the public man who connives at its introduc-
tion, who fails in his day and in his place to
resist it at whatever cost or hazard to himself,
is a traitor to civilization and humanity, and
though official morality may applaud him at
the time, his name will stand in history ac-
cursed and infamous forever!" Are these
measures to which freemen counsel freemen to
submit? Is the writ of habeas corpus no
longer worth preserving? Is martial law the
code by which the liberties of a free people
are to be measured and maintained ?
Yet these are the legitimate and inevitable
fruits of these amendments. Nay, they are
but the budding of the baneful tree. Who can
say what shall be the bitterness of its ripened
fruit? What shall be the next step toward
our complete enslavement? And where shall
the swelling tide of despotism stop? What
barriers shall stay its onward rush? Are we
so near the millennium that the liberties of mil-
lions may be safely trusted in the hands of
one man? If the spirit of liberty is not dead,
it will respond to such advice with scorn and
(contempt, if not with defiance. Webster said,
fin the heroic days of the Republic, that,
"through all this history of the contest for
liberty, executive power has been regarded as
a lion which must be caged. So far from
being the object of enlightened popular trust,
so far from being considered the natural pro-
tector of popular right, it has been dreaded,
uniformly, always dreaded, as the great source
of its danger." Who is he that will declare to
the people to-day that "the security for free-
dom rests in executive authority?"
To what end are these resolutions intro-
duced in the House? Can they render valid
that which before was invalid ? Can they divest
wrong of its illegal character and clothe it
with legitimate authority? If by their adop-
tion the majority designed to strengthen usurp-
ations, or to counsel a once free people to
grant full absolution to those who did this
great wrong, then in the name of liberty and
justice, and in behalf of the States who have
been robbed of their rights, I enter my sol-
emn protest against their declaration. It is a
revival of the slavish doctrine of " passive sub-
mission and non resistance," which, as Wal-
pole says, "was first invented to support arbi-
trary and despotic power and was never pro-
moted or countenanced by any Government
that had not designs some time or other of
making use of it." It teaches the people to
regard the violation of the Constitution as a
crime of little magnitude; it tends to corrupt
their political faith, to take them off their
guard, and lull to sleep that jealousy of power
which we are told by all writers is essential to
the preservation of freedom, and prepares
them to receive and submit to still greater
usurpations without protest—teachings most
fatal to the existence of free government, since
in all ages liberty has been maintained only
by unceasing vigilance and by resisting at the
very threshold every encroachment of arbi-
trary power, however small.
_ I am not unmindful that in giving expres-
sion to these sentiments I may have incurred
the disapprobation of some of my political
associates; but I am convinced that all
attempts to conciliate the friends of central-
ization and arbitrary power are worse than
vain. "Year after year we have been lashed
round the miserable circle of occasional argu-
ments and temporary expedients," and these
questions are no longer to be evaded. They
cannot be thrust aside or laid asleep. They
involve so deeply the interests and the very
existence of the States that they must be met,
fairly and fearlessly met.
" Nothing is so rash as fear; and the counsels of
pusillanimity very rarely put off while they arc
always sure to aggravate the evils from which they
would fly."—Burke.
Let the friends of popular liberty put aside
all faint-heartedness and boldly and openly
take their stand upon those grand principles
of government maintained by the fathers, and
which still live in spite of the efforts of tyranny
to crush them, or of a false policy to check
their expression. Then may we hope to see
constitutional government restored, and with
it those safeguards which will protect the citi-
zen and shield him from executive as well as
legislative tyranny; martial law and military
rule shall be dispensed with, and that safe but
discarded political maxim that the military
shall always be "subordinate to the civil
power," shall be revived; the right of local
self-government shall be restored to the States;
virtue and intelligence shall be released from
the fetters placed upon them, and ignorance
and corruption shall be sent to the rear, to
the end that misgovernment and anarchy in
ten States of this Union may cease; from the
shoulders of the people shall be rolled the load
of taxation and the heavy burden imposed
upon them to carry out revolutionary schemes.
In short, with the restoration of the Consti-
tution, usurpations will cease, violence and
fraud will no longer be employed to give effect
to pretended laws, the States will again become
coequal members of the Federal Union, and
the people, rescued from the threatened dan-
gers of centralized despotism, will, in the
future, guard more jealously and well the
priceless heritage of a restored and redeemed
Federal Republic.
Texas Politics.
SPEECH OF HON. W. S. HERNDON,
OF TEXAS,
In the House of Representatives,
March 28, 1872,
On Texas politics, and in reply to certain chargcs
mado by Senator Flanagan against the peoplo
of Texas.
Mr. HERNDON. Mr. Speaker, I have
heard, with sentiments of deepest regret, gravo
charges made on the floor of Congress against
the people of my district and State. And these
charges are made by those who claim to rep-
resent that people here. I have seriously
reflected upon them and endeavored in vain to
find in them any profit or public good. They
are opening wide again the wounds of the late
war now so happily healing over. Can such
be made in a generous public spirit for the
benefit of this great nation, which so much
needs unity, peace, and fraternal feeling? Do
they add to the prosperity or progress, or en-
hance the beneficent influences of science,
religion, or philosophy ? If they add nothing
to any of these, then they must be made
either to gratify a fiendish hate, a heart full of
black malice and fatally bent on mischief, or
to play their part in carrying out a precon-
ceived plan.
Sir, in a heated canvass for office, excited
and unguarded expressions often fall from the
lips of candidates ; anecdote and logic shake
hands on the hustings; sharp repartee and the
burning epigram may and often do sting oppo-
nents to the quick; but all this is swept away
with the announcement of success. What was
but a moment ago the candidate has taken
a new degree, and is now the grave, dignified
legislator. He cannot, he must not, cherish
animosities toward his defeated opponents.
The minority, whether great or small, have
rights entitled to respect, and they must not
be treated with disdain or contempt, but with
the majority as a whole constituency.
A new element has of late years been devel-
oped in the State governments at the South.
Men are sometimes elevated to office there who
have nothing in common with the masses of
the people, and it does not matter that they
claim a residence among them. This often
occurs, and still their moral turpitude, men-
dacity, depravity of heart, and recklessness
put a wide gulf between them and the gov-
erned, and because the people will not cross
this gulf, beset "with snares and dangers, to
fawn at the feet of power, they are despised,
reviled, and defamed.
I challenge the lawyer, the statesman, the
lover of freedom, from whatever party or
country, to analyze the laws enacted in Texas
for the past three years, without being driven
to the conclusion that they were framed with
a studied purpose to concentrate power in the
Executive and crush out the liberties of the
people. The vast majority of the people who
possess the property and the intelligence of
the State have been and still are being treated
by the State administration as aliens, enemies
to the Government they are sworn to support,
and are duly supporting, and as seeking its
destruction. Oh, how false is such action, ahd
how mischievous such charges! If our people
do not love their homes and- country,,what. do
