THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
recess till half past ten o'clock to-morrow
morning.
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Ran-
dall) having put the question, said: The ayes
appear to have it.
Mr. YOUNG. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Beck and
Mr. Scofield were appointed. .
The House divided ; and tlie tellers re-
ported—ayes 104, noes 17.
So the motion for a recess was agreed to.
Daring the count by tellers the following'
proceedings took plac.e:
Mr. YOUNG. Is a motion to adjourn in
order V ..
The SPEAKER. If the count by tellers-
should show the presence of less than a quo-
ruin, no motion would be ici order except to
adjourn or to have a call of'ilie House.
Mr. HOLM AN. Then 1 shall move to
adjourn.
Mr. DICKEY. And I shall move a callof
the House.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to make a parlia
mentary inquiry. If the Bo;use should now
take a recess till half past ten o'clock to-
morrow morning,* would this bill then come
up ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not re-
gard that as a parliamentary inquiry within
his ruling. The Chai,r always declines, to
answer questions of that kind affecting a
motion to adjourn.
Mr. DICKEY. I want to know whether a
small minority of this House can, by refraining
from voting, control the action of the House?
The count by tellers was reported as above
stated.
So the motion of Mr. Beck was agreed to ;
and the House (at ten o'clock and twenty five
minutes p. m.) took a recess till half past ten '
o'clock to morrow morning.
MOUSING SESSION.
The recess having expired the House (at
half past ten o'clock a. m., Friday, May 24,)
resumed its session.
olldkr 01? business.
Mr. RANDALL. As this House has been
in session withoutadjouniment since yesterday
morning at eleven o'clock, I think it time
we should adjourn. I therefore make that
motion.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hope we shall not
adjourn. Let us get the previous question
upon-the bill which was pending last night.
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir; you will notget
any previous question if we understand our-
sel ves.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist on a vote upon the
motion to adjourn.
The question being taken on the motion,
there were—ayes 49, noes 24; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Scofiki.d
and Mr. Randall were appointed.
Mr. RANDALL. I believe a quorum is
not necessary to adjourn.
The SPEAK BR. That is true ; but tellers
must be appoiuted when a further count is
insisted upon.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I move a call
of the House.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order. The
tellers will take their placcs
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 43, noes 29.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. RANDALL. I believe the House can
adjourn without a quorum.
The SPEAKER. That is true; but the
question has not yet been tested in all its forms.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
Yivi.i)} has called for the yeas and nays.
The jeasaml nays were ordered.
The question was taken : and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 60, not voting
105; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Arthur. Barnum, Beatty.
Beck, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, James G. Blair,
Braxton, Brooks, Caldwell, Carroll, Comingo, Cross-
land, Darrall, Dawes, Dox. Du Bose, Duke, Forker,
Garfield, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith, Hamble-
ton, Hancock, Ilandley, Hanks, John T. Harris,
Hay, Holman, Kendall, Kerr, King, Lamison. Lewis,
Manson, Marshall. MoCormick, McCrary, MeGrew,
Mcllenry, Molntyre, McNeely, Merrick. Benjamin
F. Meyers, Morgan, rhblack, Hosea W. Parker,
Pricc, Randall, Head, Edward Y. Iticc, Robinson,
John Rogers, Sion II. Rogers, Roosevelt, Shanks,
Sbellabarger, Slater, Sloss, Strong, Terry, TuthiU,
Upson, Van Trump, Vaughan, Walden. .Warren,
WelK Williams of New York, Wood.and Young—->75.
NAYS—Messrs.*Banks, Barber; Bigby, BueMey,
Bufiinton, Burdett, Coghlan, Dickey,X>onnan, Dun-•
nell, Karnes, Elliott. Charles, faster, Frye, Ilaie,
Halsey, Hnrmer, Havens, Hawley. Hays, Hoar,
ICelley, Kellogg, Ketcbam, Killinger, Lamport,
Lowe, Maynard, MoKee, Merriam, Monroe, Morey,
Leonard Myers, Negley, Packard, Palmer, Peck,
Pendleton, Poland, Ellis H. Roberts, Sargent,"Saw-
yer, Scolield, Seeley, Shoemaker, II. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Worthington C. Smith,
Snapp, Thomas J. Speer. Starkweather, Stevenson,
Sutherland. Taffe, Washington Towns^nd, Walls,
Whiteley, .Whitthorne, Williams of Indiana, and
John T. Wilson—GO.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Archer, Averill, liartfy; Bell, Beveridge, Bingham,
Boles, Bright, Burchard, Benjamin F. Butler, Rod-
erick It. Butler, Campbell, Clarke, Cobb, Coburn,
Conger, Conner, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Creely,CrUcher,
Crocker, Davis, De Large, Duell, Eldredge, Ely,
Farnsworth, Farwell, Finkelnburg, Henry I>. Fos-
ter, Wilder D. Foster, Giddings, Goodrich, Halde-
man. Harper, George E. Harris, Gerry W.IIazelton,
John W. llazelton, Hereford, Herndon, llibbard,
Hill, Ilooper, Houghton, Kinsella, Lansing. Leach,
Lynch, McClelland. McJunkin. McICinney, Mercur,
Miichell, Moore, Morphis, Orr, Packer, Isaac C.
Parker, Peree, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry. Peters,
Piatt, Porter, Potter. Prindle, Rainey, John M.
Rice, Ritchie, William R. Roberts, liusk, Sessions,
Sheldon. Sherwood, Sbober, Slocura, Snyder, R.
Milton Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Storm, Stoughton,
Stowoll, St. John, Swann* Sypher, Thomas. Dwight
Townsend, Turner, Twichell, Tyner, Voorhees,
Waddell, Wakcman, Waldron, Wallace, Wheeler,
Willard, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Winchester—105.
So the motion to adjourn was agreed to.
Accordingly fat ten o'clock and fifty min-
utes a. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BRAXTON": The petition of An-
thony Lawson, asking a return of moneys
arising from sale of his property for direct
United States taxds.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of George
W. Axtell, of the Brighton Citizen, Brighton,
Michigan, in favor of amending the postal
laws.
Also, petitions on the same subject from
John Trevedick, of the Mount Uleneens Press ;
S. J. Tornlinson, of the Lapeer Clarion, and
Henry Jenkins, of the Holly Register.
Also, the petition of J. S. Botsford, and 28
others, citizens of Port Huron, Michigan, in
favor of protection'to salt.
Also, the petition of John Galbraith and 17
others, of Worth, Michigan, against the recog-
nition of God in the Constitution.
By .Mr. COX: The petition of Charles
McCartie and others, citizens of Brooklyn, New-
York, in favor of preserving religious liberty
in the Constitution.
Also, the petition of Lewis Masquerier and
others, against the absorption of any more
public lands by railroads.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of John F.
Wheeler, of Syracuse, New York, late a
second lieutenant company D, one hundred
and forty-ninth regiment New York volun-
teers, asking for the passage of a bill granting
him the pay of a second lieutenant from May
13, 1864, to May 20, 1865.
Also, the petitions of Colonel H. H. Wal-
pole, Colonel N. Grumbacb, and others, of
Syracuse.^ New York, praying Congress to
grant relief to JohnF. Wheeler, late second
lieutenant one hundred and forty-ninth regi-
ment New York volunteers.
By Mr. L. MYERS: A petitionfortherelief
of Charles B. Holbrook, assignee of J. II.
Hammond.
By Mr. WHITTHORNE: The petition of
J. VY. Hatcher, for increase of pension under
act of February, 1871.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 24, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D.I).
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. COLE. I move that the further read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with. I
should like to take up the fortification appro-
priation bill this morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the further reading of the Journal
win be dispensed with, and the Senator from
California asks unanimous consent that the
fortiScation bill be taken up subject to the
morning business.
Mr. POOL. I have asked on several occa-
sions that I might be allowed to get up a bill
relating to my own State, being House bill
No. 2192.
Mr. WEST, Are reports in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are not
yet in order. The Chair has not yet ascer-
tained whether the Senator from North Caro-
lina objects to the appropriation bill being
taken up ot not. If he does not, there ap-
pears to be no objection to the request of the
Senator from California.
Mr. POOL. I do not like to object to tlio
taking up of an appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it is taken
up subject to the morning business.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message of the President of the Uni-
ted States, communicating, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of March 12, 1872,
information respecting the amount of money
expended by the Government during the last
three years for telegraphing by ocean cables ;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
land office report.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution
from the House of Representatives ; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed of the report
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office for
1S71, eight thousand copies, of which iour thousand
shall be for the use of the House of Representatives,
two thousand for the Senate, and two thousand for
the land department.
smithsonian reports.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution
from the House of Representaiives; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing:
Revolved, (the Senate concurring,) That two thou-
sand copies of each of the reports of the Smithsonian
Institution, of which the stereotype plates are now
m the Congressional Printing Office, be printed ior
distribution by the Smithsonian Institution to libra-
ries, colleges, and public establishments.
house hills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below :
The bill (H. Ii. No. 446) to abolish the office
of surveyor at the port of Chester, in Pennsyl-
vania, and for other purposes—to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
The bill (H. R. No. 2858) authorizing the
Secretary of War to release twenly-five acres
of the lands of the United Scatesat Plattsburg,
New York, to the New York and Canada Rail-
road Company, and for other purposes—to the
Committee oil Military Affairs.
The bill (H. Ii. No. 2861) for the relief of H.
