1118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order
similar to that already made by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, but
not precisely the same. It is that it, is not in
order to instruct the committee to report the
identical proposition which, so.far as this House
can euact it, has already passed into legisla-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman himself
will see that his premises are not correct.
The Clerk will again read the resolution, and
that will be a sufficient answer.
The resolution was again read.
The SPEAKER. It is not the same propo-
sition.
Mr. DAWES. There is no question but
what the resolution is in order, but I trust the
House will not sustain it.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the morion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 10i!, nays 8G, not voting 52; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Barber,
Bnrnum, Beatty, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Braxton. George
M. Brooks, Buckley, Caldwell, Campbell, Coburn,
Coghlan, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Critchor, Crossland,
Dimnan, Dox, l)uBose, Duke, Dunnell, Barnes,
Eldrcdge, Farnsworth, Forker. Garrett, Getz, Gol-
laday, Ilaldeman, Halo, Hundley, Hanks, George
E. Harris, John T. Harris, Hawley, Hay. Hays,
Gorry W. Ilazelton, llerndon, Ilibbard, Holman,
Kelloge, Ivondall, King, Lamison, Lowe, Lynch,
Stfirsbull, MeOorinicli. Jlcllenry. MeKee, MeKin-
ney, McNeely, Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroe,
Moore, Morgan. Niblack, Orr, Packard, Palmer,
Jlosea W. I^arkcr, Isaac C. Parkor, EH Perry,
Price, Head, Edward Y. Rice. William R. Rob-
erts, Robinson, Sargent, Shanks, Sheldon, Shober,
Slater, Sloss, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm. Stoughton,
Sirong, Terry. Tiithiil, Xwichell, Tynor, Van Trump,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Warldell, Wnlden, Wheeler,
"Whitthornc. Williams of Indiana, Williams of New
York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and
Young—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Barry, Book,
Boveridge, Bigbv, Bingham, Austin Blair, James
G.Blair, Boles, James Brooks, Buflinton, Burchard,
iiurdott, Wilhnm T. Clarke, Cobb, Conger, Creely,
Crocker, Darrall, Davis, Dawes, Dickey, Uuell.Fink-
clnburg, Charles Fostor, M ilderD. Foster, Fryo, Grif-
filh. ila.ncock. llarmer. Harper, John W. Ilazelton
Leonard Myers, Nogloy, Packer, Peek, Perce, Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Potter, Prindle, Itainey, Ellis II.
Roberls, ltogern, Sawyer, Soofield, Seeley, Sessions,
Shi'llnbargei, Sherwood. Shoemaker, 11. lioardmnn
Smith, John A. Smith, K. Milton Speer, Thomas J.
Spoor, Spraguo, Starkweather, Stowell, Sutherland,
Swarm, Syplier, TalTo, Thomas, Washington Town-
send. Turner. Upson, Whiteley. Willard, and John
T. Wilson—86.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Ames, Aroher, Banks,
Bright,, Benjamin F. Butler. Roderick R. Butler,
Carroll, Freeman Clarke, Comingo, Conner, De
Jjarge, BlUott, Ely. Farwell, Henry D. Foster, Gar-
iiold, (loodrieh, llalsey, liambleton, Havens, Here-
ford, Hooper, Kerr, ICinsella, Lansing, Leach, Man-
son, Mclntyio, Mernam, Mitchell, Morey, Pendle-
ton, Aaron P. Pony, Peters, Randall, John M.
llieo, Ritchie, Roosevelt. Rusk, Slocum, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, St. John, Dwight
Towusend, Wakeman, Waldron, Wallace, Walls,
Warren, and Wells—62.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not supended.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ADAMS slated that his colleague, Mr.
Rice, was detained from the House on account
of sickness, and if present he would have
voted "ay."
The result, of the vote was announced as
above recorded.
DUTIUS ON TEA AND COFFEE.
Mr. MERCUR. I move that the rules be
suspended and that the Committee of the
\V hole on the state of the Union be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 15U7) to repeal existing duties on tea
and coffee, and that the bill be passed.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Petmsjlvania to modify his motion in this
way: that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of that bill, and that
it stand in the House under a motion to recom-
mit for debate.
'Mr. MERC DR. I must decline to do that.
M-r. DAWES. Then we shall be able to
submit to the House some reasons.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to debate.
Mr. DAWES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to ask the House
to hear me.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I object to debate.
Mr. BURCHARD. I ask that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mbrcoti] have
unanimous consent to explain the object ot
his motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. We want nothing of the
kind.
Mr. COX. The object is protection. This'
is a Pennsylvania bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I insist that the rule in
regard to debate be enforced.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I rise to a
point of order; and in order that I may state
my point, I ask for the reading of a passage
from the Journal of the House of March 13,
1871.
Mr. DICKEY. That is debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide
whether it is in the nature of debate or not
when he has heard it. The gentleman must
state his point of order first, and his reasons
afterward, not first the reasons and then the
point of order.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. My point of
order is that on the 13th of March, 1871, as
will be seen by reference to the Journal, this
very House passed this very bill, and it is now
pending before the Senate for action. To say
nothing of parliamentary propriety, common
propriety and common decency forbid a repe-
tition.
The SPEAKER. That is not a point of
order and the Chair overrules it. It is the
privilege of the House to pass the same bill
every second day during the session if it
chooses.
Mr. KILLINGER. We have already passed
an amnesty bill three different times.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to make a statement on behalf of
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MERCUR. I must object to any
debate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Objectto allow-
ing the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to make a statement?
Mr. MERCUR. I do object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope that
will be noted.
Mr. KERR. I hope the House will under-
stand that this is in the interest of protection.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mer-
ctjii] objects to debate on his proposition, as
he has a right to do.
Mr. DAWES. I suppose I have a right to
say that I think it is unkind on the part of
the gentleman to object to my making a state-
ment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Because the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] so seldom
has an opportunity to make statements here.
Mr. COX. Can I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mer-
cub] by striking out the last part of it?
The SPEAKER. Tbat is not in order. A
member who has the floor to move a suspen-
sion of the rules has the right to frame his
motion to suit himself.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Will it be
in order to ask what is the use of a Commit-
tee of Ways and Means under those circum-
stances ^
Mr. KILLINGER. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. SCOFIELD, On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered
Mr. COX. I rise to make a parliamentary
inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear it.
Mr. COX. Is the motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mercur] divisible?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. COX. Is there no way to obtain a
division of the motion?
The SPEAKER. There is not.
Mr. KERR Is it in order to move that the
House now adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order at this time.
Mr. KERR. Then I make that motion.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
not make that motion. Let us settle the ques-
tion now, and see whether or not there is any
use for the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. KERR. I will withdraw that motion
at the suggestion of the gentleman.
The question was then taken on the motion
of Mr. Merour; and there were—yeas 155,
nays 38, not voting 47 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams. Ambler, Arthur,
Banks, Barber, Barnum, Barry, Beatty, Bell, Bev-
eridge, Bigrby, J3iggs. B'nghatn, Austin Blair, Boles,
Braxton, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffiuton,
Benjamin F. Butler. Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll,
William T.Clarke, Cobb, Coghlan, Conger. Crebs,
Crecly, Crocker, Cropland, Darrall, Davis, Dickey,
Donnan, Dox, Da Bose, Duell, Duke, Eimes, Ki-
dredge, Farwell, Forker, Chnrles Foster, Wilder D.
Foster, Frye, Garrett, Getz. Golladay, Griffith, Hal-
deman, liambleton, Hancock, Handley, Ilanka,
Harmer, llarper, John T. Harris. Hays, Gerry W.
Ilazelton, John W. Ilazelton, Hereford, llerndon,
Ilili, Hoar. Ilolman, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall. Kil-
hngcr, King, Lamison, Lamport, Leach. Lowe,
Lynch, Hanson, Maynard, McClelland, McCorinick,
McGrew, McIIenry, Mclntyre, McJunkin, McKin-
m*y, MoNeely, Mereur, Merriam, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Monroe, Morgan, Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Negley.Niblack, Packard, Packer, Isaac C. Parker,
Peek. Eh Perry. Piatt, Porter, Price, Prindle, liamey,
Read, Ellis H. Roberts, William It. Roberts. Robin-
son, Rogers, Rusk. Sargent, Sawyer, Seofield, Ses-
sions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Shober, Shoemaker. Sloss, R. Milton Speer, Thomas
J. Speer, Starkweather, Storm, Strong, Sutherland,
Swann, Sypher, Taffe, Terry, Thomas, Washington
Townscnd, Turner, Tuthill. Twichell, Tyner, Upson,
Van Trump, Vaushan, Voorhees, Waddell, Walden,
Wells, Wheeler, Whiteley, Wliitthorne, Williams of
Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson,
Winchester, Wood, and Young—155.
NAYS—Messrs. Beck, Bird, James G. Blair, James
Brooks, Burchard. Coburn. Comingo. Cotton, Cox,
Dawes, Farnsworth, Fmkclnburg. Garfield, Hale,
Hawley, Hay. Ilibbard, Hooper, Kerr, Lewis. Mc-
Crary, Merrick, Moore, Orr, Palmer, Aaron F. Pcrrjr,
Peters, Poland, Potter, Fdward Y. Rice, Slocum,
II. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Stevens,
Stevenson. Stousrhton, Stowell, and Willard—38.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Archer, Aver-
ill, Bright, Burdett, Roderick 11. Butler, Free--'
man Clarke, Conner, Criteher, De Large, Dunnell,
Elliott, Ely, Henry D. Foster, Goodrich, Halsey,
George E. Harris, Ilavens, Houghton, Kercham,
Kmsella, Lansing, Marshall, MeKee. Mitchell,
Moiey. Hosea, W. Parker, Pendleton, Perce, Ran-
dall, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Roosevelt, Seeley,
Slater, Worthington 0. Smith, Snapp, Snyder,
Sprasue, St. John, Dfright, Townsend, Waketnan.
Waldion, Wallace, Walls, Warren, and Williams of
New York—47.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
bill, and the same was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire, said :
On this question I am paired with Mr. Pen-
dleton, of Rhode Island. If he were here he
would vote uay," and I should vote "no.n
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. POLAND obtained the floor.
Mr. BUfLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. POLAND. Yes, sir.
FRENCH SPOLIATION CLAIMS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
leave to present a petition for reimbursement
of French spoliation to the sufferers by those
spoliations; and the reason why I do not pre-
sent this memorial silently under the rule, as
I might do, is that I wish to call attention to
the fact that these claimants sign themselves
as either original owners of those claims or as-
their heirs and legal representatives to, as I
am informed, nearly or quite one third of the
whole claims.
Mi*. DA WES. Is there any reason why this
petition should not be referred under the rale?
Mr, BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My object
