1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1119
in presenting the petition in open House was
to call the attention of the country to the fact I
have stated, so that it may appear that the
original claimants are here asking relief. I
move the reference of the petition to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
CONDITION OF SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. POLAND. I am directed by the joint
Committee on the Condition of the late Insur-
rectionary States to present a report, and also
a copy of a portion of the testimony—about
One half—which has been taken by that com-
mittee.
The report, with accompanying papers, was
laid 011 the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POLAND. I am also directed by the
committee to report the following resolution:
Jlesolved by the House of Itcpreientutioes, (the Sen-
ate concurring.) That forty thousand extra conies
of the report of the joint Committee to Inquire into
the Condition of the late Insurrectionary States be
printed, ten thousand of which shall be for the use
of the Senate, and thirty thousand for the use of the
House of .Representatives; also, five thousand extra
copies of all the testimony taken by said committee,
fifteen hundred of which shall be for the use of the
Senate and thirty-five hundred for the use of the
House of Representatives.
The SPEAKER. This resolution must be
referred to the Committee on Printing, under
the law.
Mr. BECK. On behalf of the minority of
the committee I am directed to submit their
views, and ask that the document shall take
the same course as the report of the majority,
and be printed with it.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to say a word in
reference to this subject. I do not understand
it to be a matter of parliamentary right for the
minority to submit their views; but I know
that it is a matter of universal courtesy which
we do not wish to deny to the minority in this
ease. Inasmuch, however, as the views of the
minority have been printed, and as they con-
tain an apparent reflection upon the course of
the majority of the committee, although I do
not for that, reason object to their views being
printed and going to the country with the views
of the majority, i desire at the outset to say
that at the very beginning of this document
submitted by the minority there is a statement
in relation to the course of the majority of the
committee which, in my judgment, is entirely
unfounded and improper; and 1 wish to call
the attention of the House and the country to
the matter. I read from the report of the
minority.
" The majority of the Committee on Alleged Out-
rages in theSoulhern States having resolved to make
their report to the two Houses of Congress before
the testimony taken by the sub-committees sent to
those States has been printed, and having sent their
report to the Publie Printer without giving the
undersigned the opportunity properly to ascertain
its contents or the conclusions of the majority, it
becomes necessary that the undersigned members of
tho committee should submit their views of the
testimony which has been taken, and of all matters
committed to their charge."
I desire to say, Mr. Speaker, that a consider-
able portion of the testimony that has been
taken and which is not yet in print was not
prepared in manuscript to be submitted to the
committee uutilsome time after the commence-
ment of the present session; and in conse-
quence of the urgency of work in the Printing
Office it is not yet printed. The report of the
majority is founded upon the testimony only
that has been printed; and we so declare. At
a meeting of the committee very early in this
session—I think on the 6th of December—the
gentlemen composing the minonty of the
committee stated that they desired to make a
minority report, and they wished the commit-
tee t<5 furnish them with a clerk to aid them
in preparing the report, which request was
acceded to. This was done, so far as I know
and believe, before one word of the majority
report was written.
Of course it was a very considerable paper,
and it took considerable time to get the ma-
jority report prepared. On the 10th February,
one week ago the last Saturday, a meeting of the
committee was duly notified by the chairman
of the committee and nearly all the members
were present, a quorum certainly. The chair-
man was prepared to submit his report to the
committee, but on observing the pile of man-
uscript which would make three hundred print-
ed pages, it was quite evident to gentlemen they
could not remain there until it was read. It was
finally suggested, in order that these gentlemen
might have the fullest opportunity to examine
the majority report before it was adopted, it
should be sent to the Public Printer to bepriuted
for the use of the committee,or as they say in the
Senate, "printed in confidence." This was
agreed to. At the same time it was stated
their minority report was prepared and they
desired that should be sent to the Printer in
the same way, which was by the committee
directed to be done. The report of the major-
ity was printed in a day or two and distrib-
uted to every member of the committee. In
two or three days there was a meeting of the
committee, which directed this report should
be made. At that meeting no member of the
committee of either political party made any
suggestion, but he had the amplest and fullest
time to make all the examination of that
report he wanted. Now, in the first sentence
of the minority report it is substantially stated
they had no opportunity to know what was
contained in the majority report, either its
reasoning or its conclusions. This I say, with-
out intending to impute to any gentleman on
that side of the House inteutional misrepre-
sentation, is substantially untrue.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
to say a word, and only one word?
Mr. POLAND. Certainly.
Mr. BECK rose.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to call the
attention of the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania
to the fact that this is all being done by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. BECK. I desire to say, Mr. Speaker,
that the minority had no opportunity, as the
gentleman from Vermont well knows, of see-
ing this report until last Saturday a week ago.
Some ten days ago was the first time we had
the opportunity of seeing it. As he has very
well observed, itcontains three hundred printed
pages. It was impossible for us to read and
understand what was in that report it) the brief
time allowed us, and therefore no member of
the minority attempted to do so. It was sent
on that day. to the Printer, and finished on
Wednesday. Tlae report of the minority was
made up without seeing the majority report,
and was put in the hands of the Printer
on Wednesday, and was in the hands of the
majority on Saturday. And all the members of
the minority undertook to say is that " having
sent their report to the Public Printer without
giving the undersigned opportunity properly
to ascertain its contents or the conclusions of
the majority," therefore it becomes necessary
to submit their views in their own way. And
we have done so without any reference to the
views of the majority and without any proper
opportunity of seeing them, for if we had
undertaken to do so we would not have .had a
report ready for a month, as the gentleman
himself knows we could not by any possibility
have done. I say there was no intention to
reflect on the members of the committee, so
far as I am advised, in the language which has
been read. It was apologizing to the House
for not having noticed what the majority had
said, and somewhat for the length of the
minority report, as we had to go over the whole
ground without reference to what had been
done in the majoiity report. That was the
intention of the remark, aud the .only inten-
tion. ,
. Mr. SCOFIBLD. I should like to call the
attention of the House not only to the state-
ment made in the first sentence, but to the
statement made on page 292.
Mr. BECK. In which report?
• Mr. SCOFIELD. The minority report. The
first clause on the first page states that the
minority had no opportunity to ascertain the
contents of the report of the majority. On
page 292 it undertakes to characterize the
report which they state .in the opening they
had never seen, and this is the statement:
And the conduct and report of the majority of
this committee 
Mr. BECK. There is no such language in
the report.
Mr. SCO FIELD. I am reading the words of
the minority report.
Mr. BECK. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The geutleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. BECK. The point of order is that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Sc'otTEM),]
while professing to read from the report of the
minority of the committee, is readirfg what is
not in the report.
The SPEAKER. That is a question of
fact.
Mr. BECK. It is a question of fact, and I
make the point of order upon it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I hold in my hand the
minority report, and it says: ' ' • .
The conduct and report of tho majority of this
committee as inaugurated,.continued,"and reported,
is the grossest outrage, the.foulest calumny 
Mr. VAN TRUMP. The gentleman "from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofikld] was present
when that was corrected.
Mr. BECK. And the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania knows it was corrected. He saw it
corrected, and made no objection.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Thegentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] is entirely mistaken as
to what I know upon the subject. It i3 true
that I called this fact to the attention of these
gentlemen this morning, that while they said
in the beginning of their report that they had
never had an opportunity of seeing the report,
they had further on characterized it as the
grossest outrage aud the foulest calumny, and
if they altered their report in that respect it
was unknown to me. 1 did see them in con-
sultation, but whether they concluded to
change the statement of their views or not, I
was not informed.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Does the gentleman
from Pennsylvania say that he lelt the room
before the correction was made?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I say that I heard' no
correction made. I called the attention of
these gentlemen to that portion of their report,
and remained in the room for some time, but
I was not aware that they had changed it.' 1
think there was some conversation among them
on the subject.
Mr. BECK. You heard every word of it.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker  
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. COX. My point of order is, that
if gentlemen are all'owcd to state here what
occurred in committee they ought to state it
correctly, and that what is really the report
of the minority of the committee is the report
submitted by the gentlemen authorized^ do
so. That is one point; and another point of
order which I desire to make is tb'at the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. ScoFn;H>-3 has
not read from the report submiltetiib|r-'the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]" as views
of the minority. ' Jj'
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
Clerk to read that portion-of the report as cor-
rected in pencil, so that the House will under-
stand what are the facts;
Mr. DICKEY. Will it be read ascorrected,
or as the minority originally proposed'to pre-
sent it ?
Mr. COX. We will present ~it in whatever
form we please. ' ' j '
The Clerk read as follows: : -
These six States h ave in tbetag«rt ate a popula-
tion of 4,973,738, and the total number of counties
