1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
42d Cono....2d Sess.
Texas Politics—Mr. Herndon.
Ho. of Reps.
they love? Not love the country that gave
them birth, that nurtured their childhood and
protected their riper years, with all its memo-
ries and friendships, its beauties and increas-
ing prospects? If they should leave this, to
what part of the habitable world could they
flee for sympathy and safety ? If they were to
destroy and overthrow this Government the}'
know too well that constitutional liberty would
be gone from them forever. Ah, sir, they do
love this country with undying affection ; in
it every aspiration for life and happiness is ex-
panding into a generous manhood, and their
prayers daily ascend for a united, free, and
happy country. I verily believe, yes, I know,
that if this nation were plunged into a war
to-morrow and a call was made upon my State
for troops, that that call would be answered
with alacrity. The scarred and battle-worn
veterans in gray, who so lately laid down their
arms, would be found battling side by side
with the 11 boys in blue," united, and ready
to spill their blood for a common country
against a common foe. When such a feeling
exists, and is so rapidly growing into ripeness,
how chilling is the bitter blast that tells them
from high official position that they are ruffians,
assassins, lovers of anarchy, enemies of the
nation, and unworthy of all political trust!
I appeal to that generous feeling which burns
in the heart of every Republican soldier and
statesman, yea, I appeal to every American
citizen, if such accusations are worthy of a
great people and calculated to cherish and cul-
tivate those sentiments of patriotism which
should animate the heart of every citizen of
this Government?
It is a grave matter to charge a whole com-
munity with being banded together to break
up the very foundations of society, sweep down
all peace and happiness, and to inaugurate a
reign of terror, bloodshed, and anarchy, and
with demoniac rage to drive all Union men
and lovers of their country to " the wall to die
of terror." Yet this has been done on the
floor of Congress.
The honorable Senator from Texas, [Mr.
Flaxagan,] while arguing the necessity for
general amnesty, on the 25th of January last
in the Senate, made in substance such charges
against the people of my district. I did not
reply at the time, because they were so reck-
lessly made and so utterly at variance with
the true condition of things in Texas that I
thought their very grossness would carry con-
viction to the country of their baseness. But
like charges have been repeated by the same
gentleman, and also by the honorable gentle-
man from Texas, [Mr. Clark,] the constant
reiteration of which, if not corrected, will soon
be quoted as official truth. Such accusations
pass into the public prints of the day, and help
to form public opinion, and will thus reach
millions of people who know neither the per-
sons that uttered them nor the good people
against whom they were made. I therefore
feel impelled by a sense of duty to my con-
stituents and the country to reply to some of
the most virulent and reckless charges thus
made, with facts drawn from the bestsources,
and without which those who aspersed those
people doubtless acted. I know these people
well; I have lived with and among them from
my boyhood, over twenty years; I feel identi-
fied with them by every sentiment that can
bind friend to friend and link heart to heart.
They cannot reply to these malicious charges
themselves on this floor; but I rejoice that I
have the privilege of vindicating such a con-
stituency, a people who are utterly incapable
of committing (he crimes imputed to them.
The State administration of Texas, taken as
a whole, is vastly unpopular. It possesses but
little intelligence, and much less integrity and
statesmanship; has usurped many powers of
government wholly unauthorized by the con-
stitution ; has made rapid and fearful inroads
upon justice and liberty; has promulgated and
acted upon the most ultra and extreme doc-
trines; in fact so ex cathedra, military, and
despotic has been its course, that it has severed
that bond of confidence that usually exists
between the rulers and the ruled, and has man-
aged to drive from its ranks almost every Re-
publican in the State who loves constitutional
government. Its legislation has been plainly
for the benefit of the administration party itself.
To concentrate large and even unconstitutional
powers in the Executive, so as to give him the
controlling power in the State, authority is
assumed and used to make and remove officers
at will; the right of the citizens to choose their
rulers is usurped by the appointing power, and
the Executive stands with his party lash over
every corporation and office of the State.
Just as the administration has grown selfish,
exacting, unscrupulous, and despotic, so have
the lovers of constitutional liberty fled from
this party; and just as these have decreased in
that party, so has the Executive increased
about him those who have little to lose and
everything to make, and who but for this con-
dition of things would hardly have dreamed
of office. The administration party of Texas
to-day stands alone, solitary, selfish, and des-
potic, unloved and unsupported, except by
the patronage of office; white the conservative
constitutional Republicans, old line Whigs,
and Democrats are united under the last name,
are battling together to preserve local self-
government, municipal independence, freedom
of elections, and to save the State from despot-
ism and financial ruin. In the last congres-
sional election the good people of all parties
were forced'together by a common interest.
Their political salvation was at stake. Repub-
licans as true as steel voted for Democrats; they
could not side with that party that was madly
plunging the country and the party it claimed
to control both into ruin.
It was no surprise that the State was carried
by about twenty-five thousand for the Democ-
racy. Under the old law of voting at the pre-
cincts, instead of the county seats as now
surrounded with the Governor's hayonets, the
State would as easily have given forty thousand
in the same way. The administration, seeing
the effect of this election, notwithstanding the
Governor, his chief officers, and many of his
district judges left their high offices and can-
vassed the State for their favorite candidates
with a bitterness and animosity never before
known in the history of that country, and see-
ing that the masses of the people cannot be con-
trolled by such despotic rule—the Executive
and his handful .of followers for this reason have
become more despotic,malicious, and revenge-
ful toward those who left their party and the
people ; and these unmanly feelings are in-
creasing, as they see influence, respect, and
power, with their political hopes, rapidly de-
scending behind the dark rocks of oblivion.
Here are the people, with the property,
intelligence, and integrity of the Common-
wealth demanding a return to constitutional
government, the reduction of taxation, the
repeal of despotic laws, the freedom of elec-
tions, integrity in office, the purity of the judi-
ciary, and economy in the administration;
and^ there stands the Executive, with his ap-
pointees in office, drawn from almost every
land but Texas, declaring they are the great
Republican party—the party of progress; they
are the law ; they are the State; without them
destruction must overtake the^ country—and
fiercely denouncing every man, in or out of the
State, who has the independence to differwith
them as a "rebel"Kw Klux," "oldjire-
eating secessionist," " hater of the national
Government," a "disloyal DemocratThis
has become habitual and chronic by such men
as the Executive, who attempted to break up \
the last constitutional convention there, and
prevent the adoption of the present constitu-
tion because it did not disfranchise thirty
thousand men.
This warfare has been waged with a fixed
purpose of casting odium upon all Republic-
ans who fled from their ranks, and thus to
impair their usefulness, and at the same time
to divert the public gaze from their wicked
party machinery. If they can succeed in con-
vincing the country that there are large num-
bers of the people of the State organized for
war, the destruction of society, and the assas-
sination of Union men, and associate all Re-
publicans who leave their party with these,
and then denounce all as banded together for
another rebellion, of course they would then
be looked to as the legitimate Republican
party of the State, and as the proper one to
receive protection from the General Govern-
ment.
To such an extent has this sham been car-
ried, this pretended Ku Klux lawlessness, that
a large portion of the human race who have
read these slanders have been led to look
upon our people as a band of giant ruffians,
cut-throats, and assassins, reckless alike of
law, property, and life. That these vile means,
despicable and unworthy as they are, and de-
grading to every man who feels any interest in
the dignity and manhood of his State and coun-
try, are resorted to to shield this extreme party
from the loss of influence and power at home,
and to cover from the public scrutiny the op-
pressive laws that are abridging the liberties
of the people and driving the State into finan-
cial distress, are becoming too shamefully
apparent to be longer disguised from the world.
The police laws of the State were no doubt
intended with the other military laws to enable
the Executive to fasten upon the country
the unconstitutional administration measures
enacted to control the elections and aid in
perpetuating this party in power ; and under
them he has called into power a military force,
some of whom are the mo't abandoned wretches
of mankind, ready and willing to perform the
most wicked and servile work. The people
every where fear and hate them, and are invok-
ing the severity of the laws against them.
These men have done and are doing more to
destroy the peace and happiness of the State
than all other causes combined; they furnish
the reports of the horrible Klans and their out-
rages, and the desperate efforts on their part to
allay them, which are seized upon by a venal
press and magnified tenfold.
But, sir, I find too much to say on this sub-
ject to treat it generally, and time will not
allow me to answer each specific accusation. I
will thereforo not notice further the remarks
of the gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Clark,]
inasmuch as his sojourn in that State has been
of such short duration, and his knowledge of
her political history so limited, and because,
further, his remarks were of such an extraor-
dinary character, both in matter and manner,
that I believe they will early find a sufficient
refutation before the country.
As a specimen of the charges and slanders
heaped upon the people of Texas, I quote from
the speech of the honorable Senator [Mr.
Flanagan] of the 25 th of July last:
"Mr. President, we have heard many arguments
on the measure now before us; but it is my pamtul
duty on this occasion to communicate some iniorm-
ation to the Senate from my ownState. i nave hesi-
tated as to whether I should make known that which
has recently come into my possession yesterday and
the day before. To me it is deplorable. I regret
that it is my duty, as I conceive, to the great Kepub-
lican party of the nation, and particularly to the
Republicans of Texas, whom I have the honor m
part to represent here, to do so. I should be un-
worthy of the confidence they have reposed in me
were I to withhold this information, be the conse-
quences whatthey may. I regret exceedingly that I
have to speak of my own State. However, I must
do so, and I ask the Clerk to read the telegram
which I now send to the desk.
