1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
G. Ankeny, late captain in the fourth Iowa
infantry—to the Coram itt.ee on Military Affairs.
The bill (H. II. No. 2862) to confirm the pur-
chase by the executive department of three
acres of land, more or less, in the vicinity of
Nashville, Tennessee, known as the site of
Fort Houston, and to donate and convey the
same to the Fisk University for educational
purposes—to the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 2864) for the relief of
John W. Mears, administrator of the estate
of Henry D. Mears, deceased, and of William
Moulton, jr.—to the Committee on Patents.
w. a. howard.
The bill (H. R. No. 2800) for the relief of
W. A. Howard, was read twice By its title.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have that
bill put on its passage if there be no objec-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. The bill will be read, subject
to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. Itdirectsthe
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
carise to be paid to the legal representatives
of W. A. Howard, late of the New York ma-
rine artillery, and of the thirteenth New York
heavy artillery, the full pay and emoluments of
a colonel of artillery from September 21,1861,
to May 2!), 1862; but all pay and emoluments
received by him as an officer of the United
States during that period are to be deducted
from the amount authorized by the act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has that bill been re-
ferred ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not. The
Senator from Massachusetts asks for its present
consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It ought to be referred.
Does any one know how much money it appro-
priates?
Mr. WILSON. It appropriates a few
months' pay as colonel.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I heard it correctly,
it is for ten years as a colonel of artillery ; it
goes back to 1861.
Mr. WILSON. From 1861 to 1862.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not know how long
it runs ; as I heard it, itwas to commence from
1861. I think the bill had better be referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itis from Septem-
ber 21, 1861, to May 29, 1862. The Senator
from Illinois, however, moves that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
GAUGURS AND MKASUItEttS AT BOSTON.
•The bill (H. R. No. 2865) to fix the com-
pensation of gaugers and measurers at the poit
of Boston was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. If there be no objection I
should like to have that bill put on its passage.
It is simply to correct an error in a former
law, which has done wrong long enough.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bin will be
road for information, subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, which pro-
vides that the compensation of gaugers and
measurers at the port of Boston shall be the
same a.s that provided for the same class of
officers at the port of New York under exist-
ing laws.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has that bill been
referred to a committee?
Mr. WILSON. It was reported by the com-
mittee of the House, and it passed the House
unanimously.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has it been to the
Finance Committee of the Senate?
Mr.'WILSON. No-
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move it be re-
ferred to that committee.
Mr. WILSON. If it is to be referred it
ought to go to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A bill relating to the
compensation of weighers and gaugers in the
custom-house ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It came from
the Committee on Commerce of the House,
and such matters are generally referred to the
Committee on Commerce in the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well. 1 move
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
swamp lands in nevada.
The bill (H. R. No. 2863) to extend to the
State of Nevada the benefit of an act to enable
the State of Arkansas and other States to
reclaim the swamp lands within their limits,
was read twice by its title.
Mr." STEWART. Let the bill be read, and
then I desire to have it indefinitely postponed.
There are no swamp lands in Nevada.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. STEWART. There are no swamp lands
there unless you bring the water and put it on
them, and water is valuable there. We have
no swamp lands that we want to reclaim, and
we do not want any of that swindling business
in Nevada. I hope, therefore, the bill will be
indefinitely postponed.
Mr. NYE. I think it had better be referred.
I do not know anything about it myself.
Mr. STEWART. I do know* about it. It
is in the nature of an ex post facto lav/ in the
first place, and if it goes into effect it will dis-
turb the'title of a great many settlers where
the lands have been sold.
Mr. NYE. I think the bill had better be
referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] insist on his
motion, or yield to the suggestion of his col-
league for the reference of the bill?
Mr. STEWART. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands may not meet again ; and I should
like to see it settled at this session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
indefinitely postpone has priority of the motion
to refer, it it is insisted upon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Tf there is any dispute
about it, certainly the bill which has just come
in ought to be referred.
Mr. STEWART. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move its reference to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
mussagi! mom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House non-concurred in the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. Ii, No.
2044) to authorize the appointment of ship-
ping commissioners by the several circuit
courts of the United States to superintend
the shipping and discharge of seamen in mer-
chant sliips belonging to the United States,
and for the further protection of seamen, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Omar I). Conger of Michigan, Mr. Eugene
Hale of Maine, and Mr. William S. Hoi,-
man of Indiana, managers at the same on its
part.
The message also announced that the House
had disagreed to the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 1390) for the relief of
the sureties of the late Jesse J. Simpkins, de-
ceased, asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. Benjamin F. Butler of Massa-
chusetts, Mr. John A. Bingham of Ohio, and
Mr. Charles A. ELDREDGEof Wisconsin, man-
agers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the j
House had passed the following bills:
A bill (3. No. 259) for the relief of Mrs.
Harriet B. Pendleton, widow of George H. \
Pendleton,, late of the United States Navy;
A bill (S. No. 329) for the relief of Charles ;
W. Whitney ;
A bill (S. No. 746) granting a pension to
the widow of the late Admiral Farragut;
A bill (S. No. 835) for the relief of Mrs. j
Cecilia Barr, widow of William Barr ; j
A bill (S. No. 899) for the relief of the i.
children of 0. H. Rerryman, deceased, and
others;
A bill (S. No. 927) for the relief of the
children of Otway H. Berrytnan, deceased;
A bill (S. No. 931) authorizing the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Arkansas river at
Little Rock, Arkansas; and
A bill (S. No. 1027) to restore Lazarns L.
Reatney to the Navy of the United' States as
a midshipman.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No, 854) for
the relief of certain officers of the Navy, Tyith.
an amendment; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
enrolled bill signed,
The message also ' announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 617) in relation to the Dakota
Southern Railroad Company; and itwas there-
upon signed by tho Vice President.
shipping commissioner?.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 2044) to anthorize
the appointment of shipping commissioners by
the several circuit courts of the United States
to superintend the shipping and discharge ef
seamen engaged in merchant ships'belonging
to the United States, and for the protection of
seamen, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives; and
On motion by Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Jteaoloed, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed bythp Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Buckingham, Mr. Chandler, and Mr.
vlckers.
miami indians.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the bill (H. R. No. 1535) to abolish
the tribal relations of the Miami Indians', and
for other purposes, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives ; and
On motion by Mr. HARLAN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to tho said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of theSen-
ate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Har-
lan, Mr. Pomeroy, and Mr. Pratt.
jbssb j. simpkins.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the House of' Repre-
sentatives disagreeing to the amendment of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1390) for tlie
relief of the sureties of the late Jesse J. Simp-
kins, deceased, and asking for' the appoint-
ment of a committee of conference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
York' [Mr. Conkling] who has not yet come
in has charge of that bill. I suppose, how-
ever, we might move to insist on our amend-
ments and agree to the committee of confer-
ence asked by the House, and I will make that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The Vice President was, by unanimous con-
sent, authorized to appoint the conferees on
the part of the Senate.
officers of tiiis navy.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House to the
bill (S. No. 854) for the relief of certain offi-
cers of the Navy.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment,which
was to strike out all after the word " list" in
lino twenty-two to the end of the bill, in the
following words: " and to advance Lieutenant
Commanders James H. Sands and Charles D.
