1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
223
omnibuses off the main thoroughfares of travel,
and annoy and injure fifty thousand men by
preventing them from reaching their places of
business without the greatest trouble. If free-
dom was a commodity we could export, I
think we might send a small supply to foreign
countries with advantage to the people of those
countries and without detriment to ourselves.
There cannot be any complaint on the part of
the laboring elapses as to their not having the
fullest personal freedom.
As to political honors and political prefer-
ment, the door is thrown open to every one.
The present Chief Magistrate of the country
was once a laboring man. He was once a
poor man. I am glad to say, through the par-
tiality of his friends, ho is no longer poor.
His immediate predecessor was a mechanic,
and came from the tailor's bench into political
life. I believe he once remarked he had
"passed from alderman of ids naiive village,
through all the grades of official position, to
the Chief Magistracy of his country." The
predecessor of Mr. Johnson was a laboring
man, a boatman and a rail-splitter. Of the
United States Senate to-day three fourths of
its members were once laboring men. Of
this body more than three fourths are men
who rose from humble circumstances in life.
Certainly, then, it cannot be said that politi-
cal honors and preferment have been denied
to the poor man. Why, sir, we have opened
the doors of the Senate and the House of
Representatives to men who, five years ago,
were slaves working as common field-hands
in the South. Does the road to political posi-
tion need to be made any broader or any more
smooth?
So, too, with regard to the business avoca-
tions of life. Nine tenths of the merchant
pcinces of New York to-day are men who
commenced their careers by sweeping the
Stores of their employers and doing the most
menial work for them. Our great mechanics
and builders are nearly all men who served
their apprenticeship and worked for years at
the bench. We need no legislation in this
direction. Notwithstanding all the complaints
we have heard, I believe this to be the best
country on the earth for the laboring man.
I do not wish to be understood, however, as
opposing this bill. Oil the contrary [ shall
vote for it. 1 believe there are certain evils
which afflict the laboiing man which ought to
be remedied, and if you appoint the men I
have named 1 hope they will point them out.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time
h ts expired.
Mr. SLOCUM. I will consume the time of
the House but for a moment longer. Byadopt-
ing a system of rigid economy in Government
expenditures we can relieve the laboring man
greatly. We Can relieve him greatly by driv-
ing thieves out of office. Go to the southern
States. What do you behold in South Caro
lina to-day? Under the control of men placed
in office by Congress, the State has been robbed
since the war of $10,000,000. This last year
they have issued over six million dollars of
fraudulent bonds. The people are overbur-
dened with taxes, and the State is rapidly drift-
ing into bankruptcy. How does this affect the
laboring man? It increases the price of every
pound of rice that he eats. It increases the
price of every pound of cotton that he uses.
Relieve the laboring man of that system of
highway robbery, and you are doing the best
thing you can do for him. Go to the New York
custom-house, where one year ago frauds oi the
darkest kind were discovered by a committee
appointed by the Senate. The same fraud?
aregoing on to-day. Men holding places under
the collector went before that committee and
took their oaths that they systematically robbed
the merchants, and the same men are to-day
in office, although their guilt was made known
a year ago. Stop that system of wholesale
robbery, tha.t blackmailing of merchants, and
you will buy your goods fifteen or twenty per
cent. less. This is the way in which you can
benefit the laboring man.
The evils of our present tariff, with the high
duties imposed upon all the necessaries of
life, have already been alluded to 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, when this bill
was called up last week I objected to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Hoar,] who proposed to the House that
a particular day should be fixed, on which the
bill should be made a special order to the
exclusion of all other bills. I objected to that,
being opposed to making a measure of this
character a special order to the exclusion of
many other bills and questions which are before
the House for consideration. In objecting to
making it a special order I did not, sir, design
to be considered as expressing any opinion as
to the merits of the question itself; and I find,
in looking at the journals, that the honorable
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] himself
had previously made a similar objection, I have
no doubt for a similar reason. The gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] who has addressed
the House already upon this question, made
the same objection, and our action was by
the honorable chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means made a reason for lecturing
us. and for endeavoring to place this side of
the House in a position with reference to this
bill which 1 am sure this side of the House
would not like to see itself placed in. That
gentleman expressed his regret that the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] and myself
had seen proper to offer opposition to this
measure, and he expressed very kindly, and no
doubt very sincerely, his hope that the mem-
bers on this side of the House would see the
impropriety of putting themselves in an atii-
tude of hostility to the laboring element of the
country. Now, sir, i will no tsay that I have
some slight apprehension that the regret of
the gentleman was not founded in entire can-
dor and sincerity. But 1 will say to him, in
return, that I regret that a man of his great
and distinguished services in this House, that
a gentleman who has served more consecu-
tive terms than any other member in this
House, and who has been placed by the proper
partiality of the Speaker at. the head of the
leading committee of the House, should not
have considered it beneath his dignity and
position to have initiated a partisan consider-
ation of this discussion.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman allow
me to make a remark ?
Mr. WOOD. I will, if I have time.
Mr. DAWES. Nothing, Mr. Speaker, was
further from my intention, and if the gentleman
will look over the report in the Globe, although
I have not examined it myself, he will see that
I took particular pains to say I did not think the
party with which the gentleman acted did enter-
tain any objection to the measure. And Iex-
piessed my regret that those two gentlemen,
who by theii position were entitled to be con-
sidered in some measure representative men in
their party, should take this position, because it
might lead to such a supposition being enter
tamed. I protested against it. I did not be-
lieve that in that respect those gentlemen did
represent their parly.
Mr. WOOD. I do not think I have wrongly
stated the language of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] I may have
misapprehended him, but I am well versed in
the force of language, and I am certain that
the gentleman cannot deny that he endeavored
to fix the hostile attitude of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] and myself to this
bill as being opposition, and he hoped that
our side of the House generally would not
exhibit a similar opposition to the interests of
the laboring classes of the country. I am
obliged to ask whether he designed to take a
partisan advantage to that side of the House?
But, sir, let that pass. This bill is now before
us for consideration, and for discussion, and
for conclusion. It arises in what I am bound
to believe to be an honest and a sincere desire
to be of service to the laboring men of this
country. It is a proposition for what the gen-
tleman is pleased to term an investigation into
the causes of this general discontent; so that
if it be within the power of the legislation of
Congress to apply a remedy, that remedy may
be applied.
Well now, sir, in my judgment, those who
have initiated this measure do not really un-
derstand the great question to which it has
reference. The laboring element of the coun-
try, as a portion of the body-politic, is in my
judgment able and entirely competent to de-
termine for itself and judge for itself whether
it be within the power of the Congress of the
United States to afford the laboring classes
the relief which they require; and I say here to
gentlemen that it is a great mistake for them
to identify the workingmen of ihe United States
with the International of Europe. There are
great differences between the condition of the
working classes in Europe and here. There
are great underlying causes for popular dis-
content there; and there is a wide diversity
of opinion, of political action and of ultimate
determination with reference to the practical
result and solution of this great question be-
tween the Internationals of Europe and the
laboring, working, producing classes in the
United States.
Sir, in my judgment, the causes of the
trouble here lie within the legislation, within
the public policy of the dominant party. The
laboring classes of the United States feel to-
day that there is a discrimination made against
them. They see largely aggregaied wealth
placed in the hands of a few, which is held
there oppressive to the many. They say, and
I may almost say for them, that they who pro-
duce nothing get everything, while they who
produce everything get nothing. They feel
that by the condition of the public policy of
this country, by the results of congressional
legislation, by the principles and practice
initiated within the last decade, the results of
their labors are not what they were before
that; that while your depreciated currency has
enhanced prices nominally, it has not. to a cor-
responding extent enhanced the rewards of
their labor; that while an onerous taxation,
occasioned by a large public debt by the
profligacy of the administration of our public
affairs, by the wide spread corruption, by the
granting of subsidies and bounties, by liberal
bequests made by the Government to those
who are abundantly able to provide for and
take care of themselves—that that condition
of things has reacted and produced elements
in the country oppressing them and grinding
them down. In this condition of things they
properly ask the question, how is th>s? They
are naturally discontented ; they are naturally
seeking a remedy ; they are naturally looking •
for relief; they are naturally agitating the great
problem whether their interests should not
receive an equal protection if it be within the
power of the Government to grant them that
relief.
Now, I will say to them that they need not
look to the source from which has emanated
this oppression for a remedy for their disease,
and that that power which by its legislation
has imposed these unjust burdens upon their
industry will be the last power to grant them
a remedy such as they require. Let them look
back to ten years ago. We had then no pub
lie debt: we had no system of internal revenue
taxation ; wc had no governmental paper ; we
had no profligate and extravagant, appropri-
ations of the public credit and public property
to corporations abundantly able to protect
themselves. These men know ail tins, and
knowing it, in my judgment, practical, honest,
clear-headed men as they are, they will look
for the restoration of the Democratic party to
power to give them the only relief that they
can ever receive in this country. And, sir, it
