1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2015
count the money spent in speculative times, in
1865, in searching for it, that may be true ; but
it is now as legitimate a business as any other
business, and I have no doubt, from the re-
ports I have received, a very profitable one.
If I am not mistaken in the figures, from a
territory only between thirty and forty miles
square, $20,000,000 a year of this article are
produced. As the Senator from Vermont
suggests that this will not reduce the price of
the article, I can see no object whatever in
keeping this tax on it. Certainly, if there is
not to be a sufficient importation to reduce
the price, there is no necessity and can be
no object in making the people of this coun-
try pay the tax simply for the benefit of
these producers who do not need this protec-
tion. I am willing to strike out the words as
to the residuum, if the Senator from Ohio
desires it, and confine the amendment simply
to petroleum oil.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think it ought
to be made free in any form.
Mr. MORRILLi,of Vermont. I do not like
to consume much time upon this question.
Every one understands that petroleum fur-
nishes the cheapest light in the world. Not
even a tallow candle is as cheap in proportion
to the light afforded as petroleum. There is
nothing on the globe that has yet been discov-
ered -which is so cheap as this article. I do
not suppose that the making of it free would
affect the price of it one iota; but it might
affect the pockets of speculators who own some
wells in a foreign land; they might thereby
be benefited; and it is the first of a series of'
the same class of questions that will come
here, provided thisbe admitted. The question
is whether we will begin piecemeal little by
little, until we enact the whole of the reci-
procity treaty with the Canadian dominion. I
am against it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of theSenator from Minne-
sota to the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole. •
The amendment to the amendment was
r6j6Ct6(3 •
Mr. CHANDLER. There seems to be a
great desire on the part of some gentlemen in
this body to benefit poor men. They found
yesterday a place where they could benefit the
poor man to the amount of one and eight
tenths cent per head. The Senators from
Louisiana thought their constituents were
greatly injured by being compelled to pay that
enormous tax on salt. I find on examination
that the people of Michigan are very much
oppressed by the taxes they are compelled to
pay on sugar and molasses, and as I am very
much inclined to "benefit the poor of this
country, I move after line three hundred and
twenty-eight to insert " sugar and molasses,"
so as to add those articles to the free list.
I am opposed to this free list in toto; I do
not believe in a free list at all, but inasmuch
as there seems to be a determination to ben-
efit the poor men of the country by a free list,
I want to make it as liberal as possible. I
find that every man, woman, and child in the
United States consumes more pounds of sugar
than of salt. They would be benefited by
this. While the salt duty so greatly oppresses
the poor men of Louisiana by a tax of one and
eight tenths cent, I find that my constituent
would be ben efited to the amount of about half
a dollar a head by taking the duties off sugar and
molasses, and this great benefit I am exceed-
ingly auxious to furnish to the poor people of
the United States at once. I therefore move
to add sugar and molasses to the free list.
Mr. KELLOGG and Mr. WEST addressed
the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have voted down salt.
I think we will vote down sugar. Let us vote.
Mr. WEST. I rose to ask the Senator from
Michigan how he proposes to derive the reve-
nue of the country if he is going to take
$30,000,000 away in this way ? If he will show
us how we can dispense with $30,000,000, I
may perhaps vote for his amendment.
•Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I was a little
surprised to hear the Senator from Michigan
say he was opposed to this whole list, for I
think there is no person, whether he be a free-
trader, a revenue reformer, or a protectionist,
who will not agree that nearly every article
mentioned in this free list is a proper one to
be made free. So far as the proposition now
pending is concerned, I suppose it is merely
a Roland for the Oliver of the Senator from
Louisiana, and it is a very fair one, but I trust
it will be voted down.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There may be
a reason though why everybody ought to be
opposed to this free list, although all is true
that the Senator from Vermont says. My own
opinion of this free list, and of the second
section which has been added, is that the
probable result of adding this free list is to
jeopardize the bill that came from the House,
and I am satisfied the result, if we persist in
adding this second section, will be to defeat
the bill in the House, and thus we lose the
very object that thirty-five to thirteen are in
favor of, taking the duty off tea and coffee.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on my amendment. [" Oh, no 1"] The
Senate do not seem disposed to give me the
yeas and nays. I ask for a division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
divide the Senate. [Putting the question.]
The noes appear to have it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Now I should like the
yea-i and nays.
The call for the yeas and nays was not sus-
tained.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think the time has
about arrived to settle this whole tariff ques-
tion. I have had the honor of a seat in this
body for fifteen years, and if there has been a
single year during that whole fifteen when I
have not been compelled to have this contest
with New England I do not remember it. The
first winter I was here it was proposed to
admit foreign wools free of duty. I fought that
to the best of my ability and got beaten. New
England and the whole South united to admit
certain classes of wool free. It destroyed our
wool interest to a very considerable extent,
and finally wool became higher after that
admission of free wool than it was before.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. What year
was that?
Mr. CHANDLER. In 1858 or 1859. Final-
ly the wool question was settled by granting
a moderate protection to the wool-grower and
a liberal protection to the woolen manufac-
turer. I therefore do not propose to go into
the discussion of the wool and woolen ques-
tion at this time.
Here permit me to make honorable excep-
tions in New England, because some of those
gentlemen have been consistent protectionists
all the way through ; and I may remark that
if there has ever been a tariff proposition
introduced into this body which I have not
voted for, and since 1859 that my colleague
and myself have not voted for, I do not
remember it, no matter how high or how
great the increase. I have been from the
first for the protection of American labor.
But, sir, I think the time has arrived when
that doctrine will have to be .abolished, and
for this reason: I find that New England is
in the same situation that the southern con-
federacy was after they had established their
government at Montgomery. All they asked
was to be let alone. New England has got
all the protection she wants, and she simply
wants "to be let alone." The tariffs have
been prepared with the duties that are to be
taken off by this free list. I am opposed to
a free list at all. I want a general revision
of the tariff, if we have any, adapting this
free list to the present duties imposed on
manufactured articles.
To go on with the contests I have had, the
second contest with New England (and there
she was solid; there was not! believe a single
exception, if there was I do not remember it)
was on scrap iron. There are some here who
will remember the contest upon scrap iron.
New England came up solid for the admission
of scrap iron free. Scrap iron included every
waste bar in the world; and it meant that more
than a million, I think more than two million
tons of scrap iron, were to come in virtually
free-. Those who were present at that time
will remember that, I fought that with all the
ability I had, and finally we got a moderate
duty on scrap iron ; but New England was a
unit. No matter what the effect would be on
the iron interest, no matter what ruin it brought
upon the miners of Pennsylvania, it would
build up some little village in New England;
and I have a right to talk in this way. Being
a Yankee myself, I have a right to find a little
fault!
The next contest I had was upon salt. You
will remember, Mr. President, [Mr. Anthonx
in the' chair,] for you were here, when a Sen-
ator from Connecticut, who has not been here
for many years, introduced a proposition for
free salt, and made a terrible contest over
free salt. New England was divided but the
contest came from New England, and that
contest has been renewed from time to time
from that day to this, I should think at least
a dozen times, and I do not know but twenty
times we have had this contest upon salt.
The salt contest has gone on for years, and
finally we had it over again yesterday.
Then, Mr. President, as you will remem-
ber, came the contest over copper. That lasted
for several years. It was present in this body
and in the other House year after year, until
finally the Congress of the United States
granted us a small protection, I believe fifteen
per cent., upon copper. The effect of that -
protection was to stimulate production until
copper went down within two years, I think,
either three or four cents a pound.
Mr. KELLOGG. Does my friend mean to
inform the Senate that the tariff on copper is
now but fifteen per cent. ?
Mr. CHANDLER. That is all.
Mr. KELLOGG. How is it on all manu-
factured articles ?
Mr. CHANDLER. It is larger on those.
Mr. KELLOGG. How much?
Mr. CHANDLER. I cannot exactly state
the amount. Then, Mr. President, you will
remember, came the contest on lumber.
I think the time has arrived to settle this
question, and settle it forever. I have not the
bill prepared, but I think I shall move to lay
this whole tariff question upon the table in
order that I may introduce a bill abolishing
all present duties upon imports except upon
spirits, wine, and tobacco, and their different
manufactures, and place a horizontal duty
upon everything that comes into the United
States ; let everything pay an eaual duty. So
far as I am concerned, I shall vote to exclude
tea and coffee from that list, but on every other
article coming into the United States I would
put a horizontal duty. Let that be just so
large as the necessities of the Government
may require, and let not one single article
come into the United States from any source
without paying a horizontal duty of, say, thirty,
forty, or fifty per cent., whatever the amount
may be.
I have got tired of this contest. I want to
get it out of politics; I want to get it out of
this House; I want to get it out of the way, to
settle it forever, so that every manufacturer of
everything may understand that unless he can
do business upon that basis he must abandon
that branch of manufacture. We shall then
hear no more about free trade, and have no
more lectures, because there will be the same
protection upon wheat that there is upon cot-
ton, and the same protection upon cotton that
there is upon cotton manufactures, and the
same protection in all parts of the United
