2912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
selves; but that was a privilege guarantied
only to those who had been friendly, not to
those who had been hostile. That act has
stood upon the books. There never was any
intention on the part of Congress that a rebel
should have the benefit of that act.
A recent decision of the Supreme Court of
the United States, however, has declared that
that intention was not clearly expressed in the
act, and you have been struggling for days to
get an act put upon your statute-books which
shall clearly express the intention of the Gov-
ernment of the United States that this money
which we have derived from cotton, which
cotton was not only guilty itself, but the owners
of which were guilty, shall not be drawn out of
the Treasury on behalf of those guilty owners.
We have been struggling to get such a provis-
ion as that; and we find this Senate, which
has not yet accorded the poor privilege of a
report on behalf of the loyal men in that strug-
gle, almost evenly divided upon this question
of paying the rebels for this cotton ot theirs I
Mr. President, this is for all the world just
like a proposition to take from the Treasury an
amount of money to refund all the fines you
have assessed upon the guilt of the citizens
of the United States. Nay, it is worse than
that, for taking $1,000 out of your Treasury
simply because it has been put in there as a
fine, remedies that one act ; but we had to take
the cotton for a double reason: first, because
its owner was criminal; and, second, because
the cotton itself was a criminal. You had to
take it for your life as well as for the weakening
of the rebellion.
I will inquire, are we under the five-minutes
rule ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) No, sir ; we are not.
Mr. HOWE. Now, sir, I do feel a little
anxiety that those men who a few years ago,
when everything was dark around us, were our
friends, should be able to feel that they had
been as favorably considered in the Senate of
the United States as the rebels were; and I
did want to add one word to my friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Tiiumhuu,,] who I see is no
longer in his seat. Speaking rather carelessly
this morning 1 alluded to liim as one of those
who had been throwing obstructions in the way
of this very amendment, and he repudiated
that idea. But. since I called his attention to
that attitude of his, he has in the face of the
Senate and in the face of the heavens voted
twice on that side of the question, when from
him we could not get any consent that the
loyal people of the United States should have
even the poor pittance of a report in tiieir
favor.
Now, Mr. President, I beg pardon for hav-
ing said so much. It is the first time 1 have
said anything in the course of this debate.
Mr. POMEROY. I rise to a question of
order. I desire to know when the rule adopted
yesterday does go into etfect if it does not go
into effect on this bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will go
into effect whenever the Senate shall order the
debate to be confined to five minutes. The
rule does not confine the debate to five min-
utes, but enables the Senate to order it to be
so confined.
Mr. POMEROY. Then the Chair under-
stands that the rule we adopted yesterday does
affect this bill. I have been voting under that
apprehension, aud I supposed I did right.
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President, it is neces-
sary in order to place this question properly
before the country that we go back to the true
point in issue here to-day on this amendment
called the Morrill amendment.
The honorableSenatorfrom Wisconsin [Mr.
Howe] says that the proposition here is to
open the Treasury to all rebeldom. I was not
aware that there were any rebels in this coun-
try just at this time. 1 had supposed that
rebeldom in this land was among the things
that had been, and I believe the people of this
great nation feel that the rebellion has passed,
has ceased to exist. That feeling, taking its
rise among the people, wends it way slowly to
the Congress of the United States. That fuel-
ing has manifested itself in the House of Rep-
resentatives, the popular branch of this Gov-
ernment. It comes here, and it will establish
itself here by and by, with or without the con-
sent of Senators.
A Senator upon this floor the other day
said—I think I am not mistaken in this—that
he did not regard the war as yet at an end;
and from the manner in which this question
has been discussed I apprehend that he is not
alone in that belief.
It has been argued here that the Supreme
Court disputed the right of Congress to or-
ganize courts and define their jurisdiction.
The Supreme Court has held no such thing.
The Supreme Couit has not denied that Con-
gress may establish any court, and that it
may establish and define the jurisdiction of
that court. Congress may say that no one
under sixty years of age shall go into that
court, ft may say that no unmarried person
shall go into that court. It may define pre-
cisely the jurisdiction of the court; and the
Supreme Court have not intimated that they
will not recognize the power of Congress to so
define the jurisdiction ot that court. The
Supreme Court have simply passed upon a
law that was enacted by Congress. They have
undertaken to explain and define that law.
They have said that the Congress cannot un-
dertake to define the effect of a pardon ; that
the power to pardon rests with the Executive
by the Constitution of the country, and that the
Congress has no power to define the limits of
a pardon.
But, sir, let me come to the point now be-
fore the Senate ; and I wish the Senate to
understand precisely how this case exists.
While the war was going on it was necessary,
for the purpose of enforcing the power of the
nation, that cotton should be seized. It was
necessary tor the commercial interests of this
country that cotton should be taken. Orders
were given bv this Government to seize cot-
ton, but at the same time that, the order was
given to seize cotton a tiade was encouraged
between the rebels of that day and the loyal
men or that day, and the Fedetal Government
sent its agents into the heart of the rebellion
for the purpose of encouraging I,he cotton trade
and inducing the people there to bring their
cotton into the lines, that the Government of
the United States might have the benefit of it.
Speculators were sent there, men who were
given a price to go forward and induce the
rebels to send their cotton into the Federal
lines to sell it. Some of those who were
inside of the other lines, who were in the re-
bellion, were encouraged to believe that all
cotton which came into possession ofthe Gov-
ernment of the United States, their private
property, would be held in trust by the Gov-
ernment ot the United States, and that when
the war should end they would be entitled to
come forward and make claim for their prop-
erty. I say persons, those who had been en-
gaged in the rebellion, who had been at one
time in the rebellion, and who had recanted
of the rebellion, and had sworn allegiance to
the Government of the United States, accepted
the invitation, and did give whatever aid they
could give to the Government of the United
States in advancing their desire to have cotton
from the rebel States brought into the Federal
lines.
Was it the policy of the rebel government
to encourage this trade? By no means. The
rebel government ordered the cotton of the
confederate States whenever it came within
the reach of the Federal Army to be burned,
and thousands aud tens of thousands of bales
of cotton within the rebel lines were burned
under confederate orders. Why, sir, I have
seen the Mississippi river flowing like a blaze
of fire with that great staple of the South upon
its bosom, lighting the night into a huge glare
from the burning cotton of the rebels of the
land.
At that time the Federal Government was
encouraging the people of the South to trade,
saying to them, ''Bring the cotton into our
lines and you shall have the money for it."
Do I state the fact? I do state the fact; and
you paid for cotton from rebels as well as
Union men. Yes, sir, confederate officers,
who were known to your officers to be officers
of the confederate government, if they had
but a bale of cotton had a passport and a
safeguard into the Federal lines to go and
come as long as the cotton lasted. Your Fed-
eral gunboats camealongtbeMississippi river,
and while they were bristling with guns they
sent out their agents into the rebel dominions
saying, "Come forward with your cotton," and
the confederates were corrupted, and that gov-
ernment complained of it. Companies went
under the command of their officers to your
gunboats with their cotton wagons, and there
the trade was carried on and the cotton de-
livered, and arms and clothing and everything
else that was necessary to the confederate
government was given in exchange.
Seeing this thing, observing that this charac-
ter of trade was discouraged on the part of the
confederate government, the people were en-
couraged to believe that it was not the purpose
ofthe United States to destroy their property,
and so it was that they concealed their cotton,
and made arrangements to have their cotton
taken by the Federal Government; and much
of the cotton, the proceeds of which are now
held in the Treasury, was cotton that was taken
with the consent, under the counsel, and with
the advice of men who to-day cannot take the
oath you demand of them, taken under that
promise on the part of this Government that,
that cotton should be held in trust by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and when the
war was ended they should have the money
for it.
No one here desires that you shall pass a
law to return that cotton, which was properly
confiscated by this Government, to the people
of the South; that would be unfair, and in
my place here I would not ask any such thing.
You confiscated, by your order, that property
which belonged to the confederate government.
It was a prize in your hands which, when
seized, you were entitled to have. We make
no complaint over that. But the cotton of
the private individual you ha.ve not confis-
cated ; you took that cotton in many instances
without his consent; you brought it here;
you sold it; you placed the proceeds in the
Treasury of the United States ; and to day
you propose to hold it without any proceeding
in court, without any proceeding in law by
which you will confiscate that property and
make it the property of the Government of
the United States. I say when you do that,
you do it by the strong hand of power, and
not bv any law that is known to writers upon
the law of nations or upon the rights of citi-
zens or individuals.
Afterward, when the South was without rep-
rese itation in Congress, or when there was
no one hjre who had been among the class
of rebfe's, you passed a law governing the
proceedings before the Court of Claims with
regard to this cotton. The South complained
not. It made no protest against that legis-
lation. It stood quietly by. To-day, because
a. decision has been rendered favorable to
those who in equity are entitled to the pro-
ceeds of the cotton now in the Treasury, after
an adjudication has been had, after we have
gone through all the forms of law and incurred
all the expense necessary under the ruling of
the courts to establish our case, after we have
established clearly that we are entitled to have
the proceeds of that property returned to us,
Congress comes in with a bill and interposes
obstacles, throws obstructions in the way, and
says to the claimants, " Regardless of your
