3808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
Sigsbee each ten numbers in grade for gallant
service."
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask the Senate to concur
with the House in that amendment. It merely
strikes out two names from that list, and the
Committee on Naval Affairs are in favor of
concurring with the House.
The amendment was concurred in.
message fiiom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersoxt, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills ;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
A bill (H. R. No. 2871) to abolish the
grades of Admiral and Vice Admiral in the
Navy of the United States ;
A bill'(_H. R. No. 286G) farther regulating
the construction of bridges across the Missis-
sippi river; .
A bill (H. R. No. 232C) for the relief of
Mrs. R. A. Kennedy;
A bill (H. R. No. 2317) authorizing the
President t,o appoint C. VV. Cronk a lirst as-
sistant engineer in the Navy of the United
States;
A bill (H. H. No. 2050) for the relief of J.
II. Underbill; and
A bill (H. R. No. 980) to promote the secur-
ing of efficient seameu for the Navy of the
United States.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate this morning, in view of my necessary
absence from the Senate on the Committee on
Finance, to take up a private bill, and espe-
cially'in view of the fact that the Committee
of Claims have'the floor in the House this
evening—a bill that has passed this body
twice, 1 believe, and has failed in the other
House for want.of time. I am compelled to
leave the Chamber immediately to attend the
meeting of the Committee on Pinanee, and I
ask the Senate to take up this little bill for
the ' relief of a party in Keokuk. It is a
very meritorious case, and the amount is very
small.
The VtfCfK PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California [Mr. Cole] obtained consent
this morning to have the morning hour after
the morning business devoted to the fortifica-
tion bill. He shakes his head in his seat,
which • is iu the nature of an objection
[laughter] to the proposition of the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
Salona Shaw, of Attleborongh, Bristol county,
Massachusetts, praying the Senate to pass
House bill No. 2571, to amend an act grant-
ing pensions to the survivors of the war of
1812, and to their widows, approved Febru-
ary 1-1, 1871 ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of
laje soldiers and sailors, praying that indus-
trial homes and training schools be established
for the orphans of soldiers and sailors who
served the United States in the war of the
rebellion ; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Arkansas, asking the con-
firmation of titles of land to actual settlers
under the act known as the graduation act;
which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of Ben-
jamin Clark, father of Roland, Daniel, Prank,
and Henry Clark, late soldiers in the volunteer
army of the United States, praying that a law
may be enacted grantinghimapension ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Beech Creek borough, Clinton county, Penn-
sylvania, praying for the passage of a law
granting a pension to Benjamin Clark, father
of Roland, Daniel, Prank, and Henry Clark,
late soldiers in the volunteer army of the Uni-
ted States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
report of commissioner of education.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the concurrent res-
olution of the House of Representatives for
printing the report of the Commissioner of
Education, have instructed me to report it
back without amendment, and recommend
concurrence.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and concurred in, as follows:
Resolved by the Home of Representatives, (the Sell-
ate concurring,) That there be printed twenty thou-
sand copies of the second volume of the report of
the Secretary of the Interior containing the report
of the Commissioner of Education, five thousand
copies of which shall be for the use of the Senate,
ten thousand for the use of theHouse of Represent-
atives. and five thousand for the uso of the Bureau
of Education.
smithsonian repokt.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the .concurrent
resolution with regard to printing the Smith-
sonian report, have instructed me to report it
back and recommend that the Senate non-con-
cur in the amendment. The amendment in-
creases the number from twelve, to twenty
thousand. We recommend the lower num-
ber.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
maps of surveys.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee, to
whom was referred a resolution for printing
maps of the survey of the upper Mississippi
and Minnesota rivers, have instructed me to
report back the same with amendments. I
ask for its present consideration.
The resolution, as proposed to be amended
by the committee, reads:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring:,) That the maps of the survey of
the upper Mississippi and the Minnesota rivers,
made under the direction of the War Department,
bo printed and bound in quarto form, and that
twenty-five hundred additional copies be printed,
ot which livo hundred oopies shall be for the use ot
the Senate, one thousand copies for the use of the
Ilouso of Representatives, and one thousand copies
for tho use ol the War Department.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I should like
to inquire of the Senator what is the necessity
for a thousand copies for the War Department?
Mr. AN THON Y. These are the surveys of
the upper Mississippi and Minnesota rivers.
The War Department through the corps of
engineers always have a great demand for
surveys of this kind. The rivers are improved
under t.he direction of the War Department.
The Senator from Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey]
can explain it better than I can.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is for the use of the
commerce of these upper rivers. You want
to utilize a survey that has been made at great
expense.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am speaking
about that; but why do the War Department
need a thousand copies?
Mr. RAMSEY. Por distribution. They
are called upon all over the country for copies
of them.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think we had better
leave off the distribution to members rather
than to the War Department.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask a
question of the chairman of the Committee
on Printing. I observe that the resolution is a
concurrent resolution. I thought it must be
a joint resolution?
Mr. ANTHONY. No, sir, a concurrent
resolution. Printing has always been ordered
by concurrent resolution. I have said here
before that 1 do not know how the constitu-
tional provision that every order, resolution, or
vote that requires the concurrence of the two
Houses should be presented to the President
is got around; but the lawyers all say it can
be done.
Mr. CONKLING. Iu what case?
Mr. ANTHONY. In any case.
Mr. _ TRUMBULL. Nobody doubts the
authority to order printing done.
Mr. SUMNER. Except that there is a law
regulating it, as I understand.
Mr. ANTHONY'. This is a concurrent
resolution that goes to the House.
Mr. CONKLING. The law, as I under-
stand, provides that in place of each House
printing extra copies separately, paying for it
out of their own contingent fund, it shall be
by the order of both Houses.
Mr. ANTHONY. Where the cost exceeds
$500.
Mr. CONKLING. Is there any doubt that
we can do it, each House for itself; and if so,
cannot each House concur ?
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not raise the ques-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely asked for inform-
ation, as I had an idea it was by joint reso-
lution.
Mr. ANTHONY'. No; always by concur-
rent resolution.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the resolution will
The resolution was adopted.
iiaydbn's ideological report.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the concurrent
resolution of the House of Representatives,
for printing Professor Hayden's report, have
instructed me to repoit it back, and recom-
mend that the Senate concur therein.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent, and concurred in, as follows :
Revolved by the House of Representatives, (the
Senate concurring,) That there be printed and
bound, with maps and other illustrations, fifteen
thousand copies of Professor Ilayden's annua] re-
port of the United States geological survey of the
Territories for 1871, of which nine thousand eopies
shall be for tho useof the House of Representatives,
three thousand for tho use of tho Senate, fitteen
hundred for the use of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and fifteen hundred copies for distribution by
the Smithsonian Institution.
report of commissioner of agriculture.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have one more con-
current, resolution of the House, and this is a
resolution for printing the agricultural report,
which is the most expensive document we
print. I have several times endeavored to
reduce the number of it but always without
success. This resolution provides for pre-
cisely the same number that was printed last
year, I believe. They cost about sixty cents
apiece.
The resolution was read as follows :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring.) That there be printed of the annu.-.t
report of the Commissioner of Agriculture for 1&71
two hundred and fifty-five thousand oxtra copies;
one hundred and eighty thousand of which shall bo
for tho use of the House, fifty thousand for the use
of the Senate, and twenty-five thousand for distri-
bution by the Commissioner of Agriculture.
The resolution was concurred in.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing report back and ask to be discharged from
the consideration of various resolutions which
the adoption of these makes unnecessary.
The request was granted.
ctvil appropriation bill.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed a bill
(II. R. No. 2705) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873, and for
other purposes; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The bill was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. WINDOM submitted the following re-
port ; which was read:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of ti,e two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 1070) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department for the year
