224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 19,
is the veriest, the smallest demagogism for
gentlemen to rise here and by pretending by
the exercise of their patronage in creating an
investigation into the causes of the difficulty
to seek the favor of the class which they have
so oppressed, rained, and almost destroyed.
Sir, in my judgment the time is speedily coming
for their relief; the time is speedily coming
when under an administration and under legis-
lation which is consistent with the Constitution
of the United States they are to be relieved of
ail these burdens. That time will be here very
soon, and then, and not till then, the working
classes of this country will have relief.
[Here the hammer fell.]
CIVIL SERVICE REFORM.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the Senate and House of Repretentatives :
In accordance with the act of Congress, approved
March 3,1871,1 convened a eommission of eminent
gentlemen to devise rules and regulations for the
purpose of reforming the civil service. Theirlabors
are now complete, and I transmit herewith their
report, together with the rules which they recom-
mend for my action. These ruleshave beenadopted
and Tfitl gointo effect on the 1st day of January, 1872.
Under the law referred to, a3 I interpret it, the
authority is already invested in the Executive to
enforce these regulations, with full power to abridge,
alter, or amend them, at his option, when changes
may be deemed advisable.
These views, together with the report of the com-
missioners, are submitted for your careful consider-
ation as to whether further legislation may be neces-
sary in order to carry out an effective and beneficial
civil service reform. If leU to me, without further
congressional aetion, the rules prescribed by the
commission, under the reservation already men-
tioned, will be faithfully executed, but they are not
binding, without further legislation, upon my suc-
cessors.
Being desirous of bringing this subject to the
attention of Congress before the approaching
recess, I have not time to sufficiently examine the
accompanying report to enable me to suggest defi-
nite legislative action to insure the support which
may be necessary in order to give a thorough trial
to a policy long needed.
I ask for all the strength whieh Congress can give
me to enable me to carry out the reforms in the
civil service, recommended by the commissioners,
and adopted, to take effect, as before stated, on
January 1,1872.
The Jaw which provides for the convening of a
commission to devise rule3 and_ regulations for
reforming the civil service, authorizes. I think, the
permanent organization of a primary board under
whose general direction all examinations of appli-
cants for public office shall be conducted. There is
no appropriation to continue such a board beyond
the termination of its present labors. I therefore
recommend that a proper appropriation be made
to continue the services of the present board for
another year; and in view of the fact that three
members of the board hold positions in the pub-
lic service, whieh precludes them from receiving
extra compensation, under existing laws, that they
be authorized to receive a fair compensation for
extra services rendered by them in the performance
of this duty.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, December 19,1871.
The SPEAKER. Accompanying the mes-
sage are the report of'the commission and the
  opinion of the Attorney General.
Mr. KELLEY. I move that the message
and the accompanying papers be referred to
the special Committee on Civil Service and
Reform, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELLE Y. I also submit the following
resolution, which will be referred under the
law to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That twenty thousand copies of the
President's message of this date, relating to civil
service reform, and the report therewith transmitted,
be printed for the use of this House.
Mr. KILLINGER. I will suggest to the
gentleman to include the opinion of the Attor-
ney General.
Mr. KELLEY. I will modify my resolution
so as to include the printing of all the accom-
panying documents.
The resolution as modified was, under the
law, referred to the Committee on Printing.
MESSAGE FltOM THE £KXATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gorham,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed, with amendments, in whieh
the concurrence of the House was requested, j
a bill of the following title:
A bill (H. R. No. 459) for the construction
of a public building at Chicago, Illinois.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT CHICAGO.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the House
to take up and consider the bill just received
from the Senate. The amendments to it are
purely verbal.
Mr. HOAR. I thought the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kei.ley] had the floor on
the bill in relation to the labor commission.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman lias the
floor; but the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Gakfield] would take him from
the floor, because it is a motion to go to the
Speaker's table.
Mr. DAWES. Let it be by unanimous con-
sent, as otherwise it will terminate the morning
hour.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is what I
intended to ask.
No objection being made, the amendments
of the Senate were taken from the Speaker's
table for consideration.
The first amendment was on page 1, line
nine, after the word "price'' to insert the
words -'for the ground:" so that it will read,
'•a fair and reasonable price for the ground.''
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That amend-
ment, as we understand it, does not change
the real meaning of the bill in any respect,
except that it makes the price apply to the
ground, and not to the whole building.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
words, ''some other square of ground in the
city of Chicago not more than two squares dis-
tant from,'' and to insert in lieu thereof the
words, "out of the twenty-four squares of
ground nearest to and immediately surround-
ing."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I take it that
this amendment does not vary in substance
the original text of the bill. Gentlemen who
understand the nature of the ground in ques-
tion say that the bill as drawn allows already
a selection from twenty-foursquares. But lest
there might be some doubt about it, the Sen-
ate has struck out the language originally used,
and provided specifically that the selection may
be made from the twenty-four squares imme-
diately surrounding. I move that the amend-
ment be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the votes by which the amendments were !
concurred in ; and also moved that the motion j
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
wages amd hours of hbor.
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (II. R. No. 374) to provide for the ap-
pointment of a commission on the subject of ;
the wages and hours of labor, and the division 1
of profits between labor and capital in the
United States.
Mr. TOWNSENTD. of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, the message from the President of i
the United States, whieh has just been read at
the Clerk's desk, is a full and effectual answer 1
to the charges that have just been made by :
gentlemen upan the opposite side of the House '
with regard to the profligacy of the Adminis-
tration. It shows that the party whieh th°
President represents is a party of retrench-
ment and reform: that it is endeavoring, as
far as it may be able, to seek out all miseon-
I duct and maladministration in any departmen1.
of the General Government, and to correct all
evils that may be found, wherever they may
exist, and to effect a proper civil service re-
form. I regret that gentlemen on the other
side have ma ;e this bill the subjeetof political
discussion. It has not been so treated by gen-
tlemen upon our side of this Hall, where this
bill originated in good faith, not in the inter
est of any political party, or any clique: not
in the interests of the laborer alone, or of the
capitalist alone, but in the interest of all the
people of the nation, who are deeply inter-
ested in the subjects mentioned in 'Iv- bill.
And it is an additional matter of regret that a
bill which merely provides for a commission
of inquiry should have created so much alarm
in the ranks of the Democratic party It,
seems to me that there never can come from
the Republicans a proposition which gentle-
men on the other side do not consider politi-
cal, and of which they are not afraid that it
may create for us some political capital.
This bill is not intended for the establish
ment of a permanent bureau, with a commis-
sioner at the head of it, and with the attendant
officers and consequent expenses. It merely
provides that three intelligent men. to be se-
lected by the President of the United States,
shall be authorized to look into ana investigate
what are supposed to be the relations of capital
and labor, and how those relations are affected
by our system of commerce, finance, and cur-
rency. There is no gentleman on this floor
who does not know that in England, France,
and Germany great distress and great disaf-
fection exist among the laboring classes of
the people, tt is also well known that they
are entering into combinations and affiliations
for the purpose of remedying the evils which
they sayare bearing heavily ufion them. Then
we have the additional great fact staring us in
the face that in England, the great workshop
of the world, in that portion of it which has a
large number of furnaces, forges, and facto-
ries, (I allude to Wales.) one individual out
of every nine is a pauper, and supported at
the expense of the community. It is also a
matter of record that in England and Wales
combined, out of a population of twenty-t#o
million, one million one hundred thousand, or
one in every twenty, are supported in the
public poor-houses of the nation at a cost of
$48,000,000 annually. Even m this country,
unfortunately, we have not been free from labor
disturbances, and we have had our lock-out-1
and our strikes of long continuance, and to the
great disadvantage both of the employer and
the workman, and to the injury of th>- people.
As we are rapidly becoming a manufactur
ing people, it becomes our duty, then, in order
that we may not suffer from evils similar to
those which have manifested themselves iu
the older countries, to investigate these mat
ters, that we may. if possible, discover the
ground of these labor difficulties. It is right
and proper, uav. it is the duty of the consti-
tutional Representatives of the people, that
, they should carefully examine and see wherein
■ the trouble lit%. with a view to such constitu-
■ tional action, if any be needed, as will remove
the grievances of which the laborer com-
plains.
It is urged upon the opposite side that the
evils in question have originated in the action
■ of the Republican party. We are told that
i the great burdens under which the people
, suffer arise from the heavy debt which has
. been imposed upon them and the taxation
consequent thereon. I admit that all classes
of the people are to-dav laboring under groat
disadvantages, ti'lficultie^, nnd privations be-
cause of the taxation resulting from the pub-
lic debt: but I want to a«k this Hon-e and the
people what created that public debt? Was it
not created because of the requirement? of the
loyal people of the country m providing the
neces-ary means of putting down agreat rebel-
lion?
Who are the men who originated that rebel
lion? Thf>y were the Democratic party of the
South, aided and abetted by their sympathizers
in the Democratic party in the North. And
before th<> world In-day thp. men of the Defti
ocratic party. North and South, are the men
who are responsible for the war. and for all
the effecist of that rebellion, and are the me"
answerable before God and the country for our
