2016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
States. I hope that this free list will be voted
down, and if it is not voted down I shall then
move to lay the whole subject on the table to
enable me to introduce that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment, made
as in Committee of the Whole, adding the free
list.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 45, nays 4; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bayard,
Blair, Boreman, Caldwell, Casserly. Cole, Conkling,
Cooper, Corbett, Davis of West Virginia, Penton,
J erry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Kelly,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Norwood, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey, Kice, Rob-
ertson, Sawyer, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Steven-
son, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Vickers, West,
Wilson, Windom, and Wright—45.
MAYS—Messrs. Brownlow, Chandler, Hamilton
of Texas, and Scott—4.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckingham, Cameron, Car-
penter, Clayton, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Ed-
munds, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Gilbert,
woldthwaite, Harlan, Howe, Johnston, Lewis, Nye,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Saulsbury, Schurz, Thur-
man, Tipton, and Trumbull—24.
So the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was concurred in.
The "VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on concurring with the Committee
of the Whole in adding the second section.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move, if the motion
be in order now, that the third section of the
original bill as reported be added to this. I
believe there is no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless by unan-
imous consent, the first question must be on
concurring in the amendment made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. ANTHONY. That belonged to this
partly, and if there be no objection 
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the third section
ought to go with the second section. It is
only a corollary or a result of the other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island moves to add to the sec-
ond section as reported the third section as it
appears on the sixth page.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think I would rather
have a separate vote on it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can reserve
it until after the other section is acted upon.
Ifthe second section should bo adopted, the
third section certainly ought to be.
Mr. ANTHONY. I believe I shall move
that the third section be added to the second
section.
1 he V ICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Chair will entertain the motion.
Mr. SCOTT. I suggest to the Senator
trom Rhode Island that unless the second sec-
tion is adopted the third is totally unnecessary.
Mr. ANiHONY. If it is added to the sec-
ond section, and the second section falls, of
course the third section will fall with it.
Mr. CONKLING. It is the same thing
either way.
.Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator had better
withhold it for the present.
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on adding the second section, which
was agreed to in Committee of the Whole, and
the Senator from New Jersey gave notice of
his intention to amend it when it came into
the Senate.
Mr. FKELINGnUYSEN. There are a
number of amendments that I desire to make
to the second section if it is to be adopted,
but I should prefer to have a vote on the sec-
ond section; and if it is stricken out, as it
should be, we would be saved the discussion
on these several amendments. Bat that I
suppose would not be in order; and therefore
I move to amend the second section by strik-
ing out from the fifteenth line to the twenty-
lourth line inclusive, in the following words:
On all the manufactures of silk which are now
subject to a duty of sixty per cent, ad valorem;
" ^},lr,on ,and stg?li and on ftu manufactures of
iron and steel, of which either of such metals is the
component part of chief value, excepting pig iron
and steel rails;
On all metals not herein otherwise provided for,
and on all manufactures of metals of which either
of them is the component part of chief value;
On all earthenware, glass and glassware, and on
unwrought pipe-clay, tine-clay, kaolin, and fuller's
earth.
I do not think the second section should be
a part of the bill in any event, but I desire to
perfect it, so that it will be as little injurious
as possible. I prefer always to defer to the
wisdom of the committee; but in all sincerity
I believe that this second section is most evil
legislation.
When the vote was taken here repealing the
duty on tea and coffee, I hailed it with pleas-
ure, not only because it was relieving the
country from what amounts to a capitation
tax—which affects every man, woman, and
child in the country, the poor more severely
than the rich, inasmuch as by this duty as it
exists the poor man's low-priced coffee and
tea pay a duty as high as the superior qualities
used by the rich—but because I believed that
the removing of that duty was an indication,
by a vote of 35 to 13, that the Senate intended
to supply the revenue which was thus taken
away by imposing a tax which has a threefold
| quality: first, to support the Government;
' second, to encourage and protect our indus-
tries : and third, to keep alive that competition
which it is necessary to encourage in order to
protect the country from the extortions of the
foreign importers. I was disappointed when
the Senate by a vote determined to reduce at
this time the duties on our manufactures; for
I shall attempt in few words to show the Sen-
ate that there never was a more inopportune
time to reduce the duties on imports than the
present.
Mr. President, we are not dealing with
a trifling subject. The manufactures of this
country, as appeared by the census of 1860,
amounted to $1,822,000,000 and no doubt at
the present time they amount to $2,000,000,-
000. About a thousand millions of this value
is the cost of raw material, and the balance,
$8,000,000,000 or $1,000,000,000, represents
the increased value added to the raw mate-
rial by labor. This immense wealth is dis-
tributed among all our people. It affords
them their livelihood, and you should not
touch the subject carelessly. The horizontal
reduction of duties such as the bill proposes
would do incalculable injury. Such a reduc-
tion is like the scythe of time, taking off ten
hundredths from the height of every manu-
facturer in the community, scalping one, cut-
ting the skull of another, and the brain of a
third. It is a Procrustean bed to which the
Government is to compel all the manufac-
turing interests of the country to adjust them-
selves. I have said this is an inopportune
time to make this reduction. We are told
that the present is a war tariff. Is it so ? It
was adopted, I believe, in 1863. What was
the condition of the country at that time?
The importer had to pay his duty in gold, and
for that gold he was obliged to pay a hundred
per cent, premium, making the duty at that
time practically twice what it is now. The
purchaser had to pay for the goods that he
imported in gold, and to pay one hundred
per cent, for that gold. All that protection is
now taken away; gold has fallen to ten per
cent, premium, and at this critical period, and
when the war demand has ceased, it i3 pro-
posed to take off from the manufacturer ten
per cent, more of the duty to which, he has
looked for protection. Besides, the raw mate-
rial since this duty was imposed has doubled
in price. It is true that a few articles have
been placed on the free list, and that we have
taken off some taxes ; but that in no manner
compensates for the reduction in the premium
on gold and the enhanced value of the raw
material.
It is said that this is a small reduction, only
ten per cent. Well, sir, it was a small reduc-
tion when we made the duty on iron seven dol- I
lars a ton instead of nine dollars a ton, and yet
the effect of it was to raise the price of iron
twelve dollars a ton; and this because the re-
duction of duty discouraged our manufacturers,
and they did not increase the quantity manu-
factured the next year, although the demand
for iron vastly increased, and consequently the
foreign manufacturer and importer charged
the country what they pleased, and iron went
up twelve dollars a ton. These small reduc-
tions of duty have effects much greater than
we are apt to anticipate.
Sir, the profits of the manufacturer are small.
Manufacturing corporations in this country,
as a rule, are unsuccessful. It requires the
owner's eye to protect his interests and secure
success; and in our small manufactories,
where constant attention is given to their busi-
ness, the profits are only seven to ten percent.
No elass of the people in this country work
and toil as do our mechanics. They com-
mence at the tap of the factory bell, and
through all the seasons work, the Sabbath
being the only day they live; all else is toil.
They do not have the privileges of the farmer,
they have no homestead for their children. If
they are successful enough to get a humble
dwelling in some side street, then it seems as
if the Government thought it was necessary
to open the flood-gates of the pauper labor of
the world upon them. At this time, when the
protection which the premium on gold gave
has disappeared, and when the value of the
raw material is enhanced, the mechanics of
this country have a right to ask the Govern-
ment to let them alone to contend with these
existing^ difficulties. I am informed by many
mechanics and manufacturers that this reduc-
tion of ten per cent, on their small profits
will seriously embarrass them.
We are told that it is not good policy to
continue existing duties, and that this is not
a political question. Sir, the true policy in
reference to this subject is to do right, and not
at this inopportune time take off ten per cent,
from this_ protection. Whether it is a polit-
ical question or not, you will find every Dem-
ocrat in the Chamber voting for the reduction
of this tariff which protects the American
mechanic.
Now, I desire to say a word in reference
to my particular amendment. The first por-
tion of it refers to silk. This interest of the
country is new. It originated here in 1861,
in this wise: Mr. Cobden, interested in the
cotton manufactures of Manchester, effected
a treaty between France and England estab-
lishing free trade, and the tariff of fifteen per
cent, on silk was abolished. The effect of the
abolition of that duty on the silk manufac-
tures of England was, that in 1861, £600,000
worth of silk was imported, and in 18S9
£8,000,000 worth of silk was imported—and
the effect of this increased importation was to
break down the silk manufactories of England.
and their operatives, and their machinery, and
their capital were brought to this country
under our fostering protection, and now there
is in the United States twenty-five millions of
capital employed in this business. In 1871
we imported fifty-two millions of silk, and we
manufactured thirty millions. In one town
of my State, Paterson, there are six thousand
operatives making a livelihood by the manu-
facture of silk goods. There are other manu-
factories in Hartford, Connecticut, and in vari-
ous places in Massachusetts. The nominal
protection is lessened greatly by the fact that
loreigrx silks which are imported ai'e invoiced
below their value, and by the fact that, being
a valuable commodity, and of small bulk,
large quantities of silk are smuggled into thi?
country Irora Canada, Therefore the protec-
tion is not sixty per cent., as it appears to
be by the bill. Taking off protection drove
? most valuable manufacture from England,
and if we take it off here, we will drive it from
our country.
Another item in my amendment is earthen-
