1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
225
great national debt and the consequent taxes
arising therefrom. They cannot throw it upon
the Republican party. Thevaloneareresponsi-
ble for the consequences, and whatever pri-
vations and whatever embarrassments labor
suffers under originated in and arose from the
action of the Democratic party.
I regret, Mr. Speaker, that on the question
of inquiry there should be worked into this
debate the tariff question, and that the Democ-
racy should attempt to charge on the Repub-
lican party of the country that they are liabie
for throwing burdens on the laboring classes
because of their legislation on the tariff. They
say they are the friends of labor. I deny the
assertion. The Republican party of the coun-
try is the party alone that fosters and encour-
ages labor. If the Democratic party were to
have their wishes, if they were able to carrv
out the policy they desire to establish, it would
be a free-trade policy. They are the free-trade
party of the country. The free-trade organ in
New York, the World, is theorgan of the great
national Democracy. It has told us over and
over again that the Democracy constitute the
free-trade party of the nation. And that free-
trade party desires to transfer the workshops
of America over to Europe. They desire to
give to the mechanic, the laboring man, the
artisan of England, Prance, and Germany the
opportunity to usurp our labor ; the opportun-
ity to make everything we consume or use in
any way in this country, and receive the wages
of such labor. In so doing the result would
be that every wofkshop of the country would
be closed, our furnaces, our forges, our mills,
our factories would all stand idle, and our
artisans thrown out into the world and brought
into competition with agricultural labor, the j
consequences whereof would be that, our agri- ;
cultural industry would be prostrated by com-
petition, as well as our mechanical industry
destroyed by being transferred to artisans in
foreign lands.
i regret these matters should be brought
into this discussion. All we ask is a commis-
sion to make this investigation. i have no
doubt a good commission will he formed of
sound men, and with a sole view to their fit-
ness for the position, and that both labor and
capital will be fairly represented thereon. We
do not ask for any legislative action at all. It
is only that the commission may inquire into
the subjects provided in this bill and report
upon them. After that report is made, if
there be anything within the purview of the
power of Congress whereby we can legislate
in order to lift up the burdens from the back
of the laboring man, then it will be the duty
of this House of Representatives to frame its
action accoidingly. At all events let us have
the commission now, and with the vast fund
of information it will coliect, we cau have intel-
ligent action hereafter.
I have occupied as much of the time as I
proposed, and now yield the floor for ten min-
utes to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Hawley. ]
Mr. HAWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I have given
some consideration to the subjects embraced
in this bill, and I believe it to be the duty of
Congress to adopt 'this or some similar meas-
ure for the purpose of inquiring into the facts
proposed to be investigated by it. The ex-
pense attending it is certainly not very great.
It does not contemplate the establishment of
a bureau which shall be permanent in its oper-
ations, but it does provide for gathering sta-
tistics and facts which may be of the greatest
importance to enable Congress to frame intel-
ligently such laws as are necessary to protect
the interests tanjed in this bill. It, proposes
the appointment of a commission who shall
"investigate the subject of the wages and hours
of labor, and of the division of the joint profits
of labor and capital between the laborer and
the capitalist, and the social, educational, and
sanitary condition of the laboring classes of
the United States, and how the same are
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 15.
affected by existing laws regulating com-
merce, finance, and currency. "
Now. Mr. Speaker, it is true and will be con-
ceded to be true, i am sure, by every gentle-
man of this House, that there has never been a
time in the history of the country when the
laboring classes themselves were so much agi-
tated on the subjects embraced in this bill as
now. It is true in our country as in every other
that the laboring class constitutes its wealth
and power, and at a time like this when through-
out our country, and i may say throughout the
civdized world, the workingmen are banded
together for the purpose, if possible, of secur-
ing their rights from the governing power, it
becomes us, chosen by the people to do their
will, to heed the voice coming up to us from
all sections of our land. And, sir, as we look
at the history of our own country, we are ad-
monished of the fact that we can gather very
little information from Europe which shall be
of importance to us in guiding our legislation
in reference to our own country. Our growth
has been so unparalleled, our-institutions are
so different from those of the countries of
Europe, that we have to look at our own coun-
try and its own wants, rather than to thecouu
tries of Europe, to ascertain what may be
needed in the way of legislation.
Sir, we grow and prosper as no other nation
grows and prospers or has ever grown and
prospered. Our population doubles in about
thirty years. That of England doubles, per-
haps, in about one hundred years; that of
France in about three hundred years ; so that
questions which may develop slowly in those
countries come rapidly upon us and press upon
us for immediate determination and action.
Now, sir, it is true that the laboring masses
of this country are in earnest upon this sub-
ject. It is also true that great numbers of the
laboring classes of our own country are now
out of employment. There are branches of
industry where the laborer is not amply paid
or rewarded for the service which he renders.
There are some sections of the country where
the hours of labor are too long. There are
sections of the country, and especially in the
large cities, where the laboring classes are
insufficiently provided for, because they have
not sufficient wages for their labor. They are
without houses to cover them, without food to
feed them, or clothing to protect them.
Now, as these cities of our country shall
grow and increase, as the population shall be
gathered in the cities, it will he more impera-
tive on the legislative branch of the Govern-
ment that the interests of the laboring classes
shall be guarded more than they have been in
the past. In the years that are past our popu-
lation has scattered over a wide area; certainly
that was true of our country in its early his
tory. The wide fields of the West were ever
opening to the laboring classes and the poor
men of the country, and inviting them to till
its virgin soil. But as the mass of the labor-
ing people are gathered into the cities and into
districts more confined, and as the population
there is becoming more dense, the demand will
be more and more imperative upon the national
Legislature to protect the interests of those
classes, and secure and foster them by wise
legislation.
It is not contemplated simply by this bill
that Congress in future shall legislate by
affirmative legislation in favor of the protec-
tion of those interests; but the bill contem-
plates the inquiry whether there are now laws
in existence that ought to be repealed, modi-
fied, or amended which have as their tend-
ency and further result an infringement upon
the rights of the laboring classes; whether
or not the laws of the country are of such a
character as that they proteot and foster capi-
tal as against labor instead of giving each its
right and proper share of protection. I think
therefore, sir, that it would be wisdom upon
the part of Congress now to provide for the
appointment of such a commission, who shall
inquire and examine into the questions pro-
posed to be submitted by this bill, and who
shall report to Congress at some future time
such statistics and such facts as will enable it
intelligently, and more intelligently thau in
the past, to legislate upon these subjects which
are of vital importance and interest to all the
people.
Now, it has pleased gentlemen on the other
side of the House this morning to charge the
Republican party with the passage of laws cal-
culated to infringe upon the rights of labor.
And I listened to the views of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wood,] who was last
upon the floor, when he charged the Repub-
lican party with bringing upon the country all
the difficulties and all the wrongs to which he
alluded. .Sir. the Republican party has always
supported the interests of the laboring classes,
while on the other hand 1 point the gentleman
to the fact that the Democratic party fostered
slavery in this country ; that it declared that
in all the free territory of the nation slavery
existed by force of the Constitution of the
United States. I point him to the fact that it
fostered slavery and encouraged it in the States
where it existed, and that it repealed the Mis-
souri compromise for the purpose of carrying
slavery into free territory. On the other hand,
I point him to the fact that the Republican
party has made free every human being within
the length and breadth of our country ; that- it
has not only made them free, but that it has
given to every man in this country the ballot
by which he may protect his rights, so that, it
becomes the highest interest of the people of
this country to see that the masses of the peo-
ple who possess these rights are educated and
in every way protected. I point him 10 the
further fact that, the Republican party has given
to the country the homestead law instead of
giving slavery to the Territories. It has opened
up the whole wide field of the West to the
homestead settler, where every poor man in
the conntry may go with his family and take
up one hundred and sixty acres of public lands,
and where he may live securely protected by
the laws of his country.
This is my answer to the gentleman, and I
say, in conclusion, that it does not become the
Democratic party, it does not become gentle-
men upon the other side of the House, to say
that the Republican party has been opposed to
the interests of labor in this country. I affirm
that the Republican party has been from its
commencement until now. and will continue
to be, the friend of the laboring masses of our
country.
I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania
for yielding to me.
Mr. TO WNSEND, of Pennsylvania. lyield
two minutes to my colleague from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Steer] for the purpose of offering
an amendment only.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Blair,
ofMichigan, in the chair.) No further amend-
ment is now in order.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
give notice that at the proper time I will move
to amend the second section by adding thereto
the following:
And especially to investigate the system of pay-
ing laborers in store orders instead of in cash, and
report what means if any, ean be adopted to prevent
the continuance of this system.
Mr. TO WNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I now
yield ten minutes to the gentleman from Illi-
nois. [Mr. Fjsrnswotlth.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And 1 yield for a
moment to my colleague, [Mr. Burchard,]
who desires to offer an amendment.
Mr. BURCHARD. [ desire to move an
amendment to the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio. [Mr. Campbell.]
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order.
I do not, understand that the amendment just
read was offered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It was merely
read for information.
