1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
8800
ending June 30,1873, having met, after full and free
conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate numbered four, and
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendments of the House to the seventh
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the tenth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: at the
end of said amendment add the following words:
44 and hereafter payment for carrying such tree mat-
ter shall be made out of the annual appropri-
ations;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eleventh amendment of the Senate and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: substi-
tute for said amendment the following: "that it
shall not be lawful for any person who shall here-
after be appointed an officer, clerk, or employ6 in
any of the Executive Departments, to act as coun-
sel, attorney, or agent lor prosecuting any claim
against the United States which was pending in
said Departments while he was said officer, clerk,
or employe; " and the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the original text
of the bill by striking out on page 1, lines seventeen
and eighteen, "$698,031," and inseiting in lieu there-
of'* $9o(J,000," and agree to the same with the follow-
ing amendment: on page 6, lines six and seven of
the bill, strike out"$4,749,001." and insert in lieu
thereof ** $5,700,970;" and the House agree to the
same.
They are unable to agree upon the eighth amend-
ment, and report it back for further action of the
two Houses.
WJ1. WINDOM,
C. COLE,
JOHN 1\ STOCKTON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
F. W. PALMER,
A. A. SARGENT,
WILLIAM E. NIBLACK,
Managers on Ike part of the House.
Mr. WINDOM. I will explain this report
very briefly if the Senate will give me their
attention.
The fourth amendment, from disagreement
to which the House recedes, is the amendment
of the Senate to pay Augustine Bacon, of
Georgia, for service as post route agent,
$437 09. A bill to pay him this amount had
passed borh [louses. The bill provided that
the amount should be paid out of any moneys
in the Post Office Department not otherwise
appropriated. The Postmaster General de-
cided there were no funds; and hence it be-
came necessary to insert this amendment to
provide an appropriation.
The first amendment of the House to the
seventh amendment of the Senate, which is
agreed to, is an amendment by the House after
the word '* bidder" in the ninth line to insert
" within three months after the passage of the
act." This applies to the China mail service.
It was thought by the House that it would
make more free competition among all bidders
to require the contract to be let within three
months, thus giving a whole year after the
contract was let to the successful party to pre-
pare for the service. The other amendment
to the seventh amendment was in the clause
•which requires the vessels to be wholly of
American construction. The House added
the words, "with their engines and machin-
ery," to which the Senate agreed.
The tenth amendment was the one repealing
the law making a permanent appropriation of
$700,000 for the Post Office Depariment, from
their disagreement to which the House recede
■with an amendment to our amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understood, when the
Secretary was reading the report touching the
tenth amendment, that it was agreed to with
some modification or amendment.
Mr. WINDOM. It was agreed to with an
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
that explained.
Mr. WINDOM. The amendment is to add
to our'tenth amendment, " and hereafter pay-
ment for carrying such free matter shall be
made out of the annual appropriations," which
■was simply designed to avoid a conclusion.
The eleventh amendment 1 will ask the Clerk
to read again that it may be distinctly under-
stood. The amendment was to strike out sec-
42d Com. 2d Sess.—No. 239.
tion six of the bill which prohibited the prac-
tice of clerks in the Departments. The Senate
struck it out. The House insisted on their
position, but by this reportagree to the amend-
ment with an amendment which will be read
from the Clerk's desk.
The Chief Clehk. The eleventh amend-
ment of the Senate was to strike out the sixth
section of the bill in the following words :
Skc. 6. That if any person who has held an office
in any Executive Department of the Government, to
which he was appointed, shall act as attorney, soli-
citor, or agent in the prosecution of any claim against
the United States in such Department, within two
years after the date at which he ceased to be such
officer, ho shall bo deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and. on conviction in any court of the United States
having jurisdiction thereof, shall pay a fino not ex-
ceeding $5,000. or be imprisoned in the penitentiary
not. exceeding one year, or both, at the discretion of
the court.
The committee of conference report:
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the eleventh amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: substi-
tute for said amendment the following words:
"That it shall not bo lawful for any person who
shall herealter be appointed an officer, clerk, or
employe in any ot the Executive Departments to act
as counsel, attorney, or agent tor prosecuting any
claim against the United States which was pending
in said Departments while he was such officer, clerk,
or einployfi, nor in any manner nor by any moans to
aid m the prosecution of any such claims within two
years next after be shall have ceased to be such
officer, clerk, or employ^."
Mr. WINDOM. That simply provides that
persons hereafter appointed shall not so act.
The other amendment is in lines nineteen
and twenty, page 2, of the bill. The House,
by unanimous consent, upon a letter which I
hold in my hand from the Post Office Depart-
ment, struck out 1<$G98,031,M and inserted
44 $950,000."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Please read the context.
Mr. WINDOM. "For the pay of railway
post office clerks," they made it $050 000.
They did it, on a letter which I hold in my
hand, and will send it to the Secretary's desk
to be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It need not be read;
it can be stated.
Mr. WINDOM. The statement is that they
made an error in their estimate, that certain
lines of railway which require postal clerks
had not been included in the estimate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much doesthatmake
the appropiiation for this year's service on
that particular item greater than last year's
appropriation?
Mr. WINDOM. It increases it $251,969
over the onginal amount. I have not the
amount of last year's appropriation.
Mr. TKUM13ULL. 1 understand that the
estimate of the Department shows that amount
to be necessary to pay the clerks?
Mr. WINDOM. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have that
letter read.
Mr. WTNDOM. It is not very long. I send
it to the Clerk's desk to be read.
Mr. RAMsEY. 'lhe Senate will recollect
there are six thousand miles more of railway
postal service this year than last.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Post Office Department.
Washington, D. C., May 18,1872.
Sir: In estimating the amount to be appropriated
for the pay ot j an way post office clei ks lor the fiscal
year ending June 3D, 187.5. at $698,031. (the sum
named in the Post Ofiiee appropriation bill now
belure Congress J the same was arrived at by a com-
parative increase on previous years.
Negotiations had been completed for the railway
post office service upon the lines named below, and
inadvertently omitted in the calculated expenses,
namely:
From Bangor to Vanceborough, Maine;
From San Francisco, California, to Ogden, Utah;
From Baltimore, Maryland, to Canandaigua, Now
York;
From Humboldt, Tennessee, to New Orleans,
Louisiana;
From Washington, District of Columbia, to Chat-
tanooga, Tennessee;
From St. Louis, Missouri, to Atchison, Kansas;
and,
From Milwaukee, Wisconsin, to St. Paul, Min-
nesota.
At the close pf the fiscal year ending June 30,
1871, there were five hundred and thirteen clerks of
the several grades employed, their annual compen-
sation amounting to $649,400.
The annexed tabular statement will show the
status of the clerical force employed iu that service
up to May 15, 1872. The total increase is also
stated, and the several lines to which the increase
has been assigned.
The number of clerks of the geveral grades em-
ployed May 15, 1872, was six hundred and forty—
an increase of one hundred and twenty-seven
sincc June30,1871, and an increase of pay amount-
ing to $161,400.
Bight new lines have been inaugurated, adding:
2,909 miles ofscrvice; the increase of daily service is
6,084 miles, or equivalent to 2.224,310 miles annually.
Many additional lines have been asked for, and four
to six of these nro deemed to be necessary.
To provide for the necessary increase of the ser-
vice for the fiscal venr ending June 30,1873, an ap-
propriation of $950,000 will undoubtedly be required.
This is $251,969 above the sum named in the pend-
ing bill.
Permit me to ask that you will bring the subject
to the attention of your committee, and endeavor to
proeuro the appropriation of the necessary additional
amount.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. W. MARSHALL,
Acting Postmaster General.
Hon. Cornelius Cole, Chairman Committee on Appro-
ations, Senate United States, Washington, D. C.
Mr. WINDOM. I believe the matter is
fully understood from the letter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only wish to call the
attention of the Senate to the fact here devel-
oped. This is one item, which is only one of
a class, for these railway postal offices, because
there are "mail messengers" and u route
agents," u mail route messengers" and u local
agents" and ''railway post office clerks;"
and we are now on this one item of railway
post office clerks." The very last appropria-
tion of the 3d of March, 1871, for the current
fiscal year, was $585,338, and we were asked
to give about one hundred thousand dollars
more this year, being the proportionate esti-
mated increase of railways, as it was said,
over last year. Now the committee of con-
ference hits carried it up to $900,000, making
a-clear inciea'se on this one item, for this one
set of people out of the half dozen sets that go
on the railway lines, of $364,602—'more than
sixty per cent, increase over the cost of that
work for last year.
I think the Post Office Department must
have fallen into a much greater error in send-
ing us this letter than they themselves think
they fell into in sending us the regular official
estimates of appropriations through the Treas-
ury Department for the service this year, for
the Senator from Minnesota himself, I think,
must see that it is impossible that there could
have been an increase of the railway postal
service, of whom these people are only one
class, of over sixty per cent, in the last year.
Last year's appropriation wassufficient. There
is no complaint upon that subject.
Mr. WINDOM. I think they show over
two million miles added this year?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Two million miles?
Mr. WINDOM. Two million miles of ser-
vice.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Running miles?
Mr. WINDOM. Running miles; there'are
six thousand actual additional miles of railway.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the proportion
of six thou^ind miles to the total postal ser-
vice by railways? It is not sixty per cent.
Mr. WINDOM. The railway postal service
is a very large item, and the committee have
acted on the recommendation of the Depart'
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I, of course, do not ex-
pect. to stand against a conference report; no
man has the power to do that; i only expect
to call the attention of the Senate to the ex-
traordinary fact that no increase is asked lor
over the regular estimate in respect to any
other of these railway items. Take that, of
messengers, for which last year we gave $500,-
000; or route agents, for which last year we
gave $786,000; or mail-route messengers, ior
which we gave lastyear$59,000; local agents,
| for which we gave $49,000 last year; but we
i come to this item of railway postofEce clerks,
