1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1121
to suit gentlemen of the majority by striking
out "report of the majority," so that there
should be no reflection on the majority, and
simply saying "testimony relied on by the
majority." As to that portion of the report
which had reference to the trials and the use
of detectives upon the stand as witnesses 
Mr. SCOFIELD. In connection with the
point which the gentleman is just leaving, I
want to call his attention to a line on page
807: "The bad faith of Congress toward the
people of that State;" which would imply that
this kind of language was not used through
inadvertence, but in pursuance of a purpose
in advance which I presume is followed all
through the report, though I have not had
time to read it all.
Mr. COX. Well, sir, I presume that in a
document of this kind there are always some
privileges allowed to a minority. We on
this side have always believed and declared
that gentlemen in this House have committed
a breach of faith toward the South. That
declaration was made in the discussion of the
reconstruction measure ; it was made time and
again when you failed to give the people of
the South their rights in this House. This
Congress has, in our judgment, acted in bad
faith toward the South. Why should we not
say so in our report ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask the gentleman
whether he thinks it should be allowed to a
minority to say in one breath that they have
never seen a certain report and in the next
that it is the "grossest calumny?"
Mr. BECK. We have not said that.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, so far as the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofieljo] is
concerned, I must correct his general, loose
way of talking. [Laughter.] We never said
that in our report as presented. We did say
it in the report as printed; but we afterward
corrected the language. What we said at first
was, "As we said at the outset, we have not
been permitted to see the report of the major-
ity." We amended that passage so as to make
it read, "As we said at the outset, we have
not seen the report of the majority;" so that
there should be no reflection at all upon the
majority of the committee. It was understood
this morning when we left the committee-room
that there shou'd be no personal altercation
here about this matter; and when I spoke to the
honored chairman of the joint committee, Sen-
ator Scott, of Pennsylvania, be said he would
make no opposition to the printing of this
report of the minority, because we had done
all that was requested for the modification of
the report so far as courtesy to the other mem-
bers of the committee was concerned.
Now, what more do gentlemen wish than
the striking out of what we have struck out ?
You must allow a minority to say something.
We cannot always agree with you. We may
not always choose the best language, but we
do not believe that you have been perfectly
fair, good, and kind toward the people of the
South, or have kept faith with them. The very
investigation implies a question of that kind,
which we must criticise and discuss. Bat if
the minority cannot report upon this matter
as they believe from their own judgment and
investigation, their long examination of facts
and their tedious travels, then there is no use
in having a committee that has a minority
upon it; and, for one, I wilt never serve here-
after on any such committee.
_ Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I do not de-
sire that there should be any protracted dis-
cussion upon this subject. Inasmuch as the
very first sentence of the minority report con-
tained a reflection upon the majority, an im-
plication that they had not, aa it was their
duty to do, given every member of the com-
mittee a fair opportunity to see their report
before it was presented, and inasmuch as the
gentlemen of the minority, after their atten-
tion had been called to it, substantially failed
to alter that statement, it was agreed on con-
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 71.
sultation with the chairman of the committee
on the part of the Senate that it was our duty
to call the attention of our respective Houses
to this matter in the very outset.
And here I may say a word, Mr. Speaker,
in relation to this language which is in the
report. If my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] or any other gentleman on this floor,
is going through with this report to have th'e
rulings of the Speaker, or decisions of the
Speaker, on the language in it, he will find a
thousand instances iu the course of the minor-
ity report equally obnoxious with that to which
he has called the attention of the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman allow
me five minutes to state precisely what 1 mean?
Mr. POLAND. Not now.
Mr. Speaker, we determined we would not
object to the printing of this document; that
so far as the committee were concerned we
were entirely willing this minority report should
go to the country side by side with the report
of the majority, and that, Mr. Speaker, is
drawn as dispassionately and as carefully and
as coolly as any judicial opinion you can find
in any report. Although two hundred pages
of the minority report is substantially of a
piece with what has been read, we are willing
they should go both to the cool and dispas-
sionate consideration of the country. If any-
thing is to be made by any side in a report
calling harsh names, then gentlemen may have
the benefit of it.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. POLAND. For how long?
Mr. BINGHAM. For five minutes.
Mr. POLAND. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker. I under-
stand the gentleman from Vermont to say the
majority of the committee has no objection to
the views of the minority going to the c&untry
and being printed at the expense of the people.
It is for the committee, of course, to take care
of their own rights in that behalf, and I have
no reflection to make on them ; but I pray the
honorable gentleman to consider that as a
Representative of the people I have the right
in my place to object, notwithstanding the
consent of the majority of the committee, to
any such report as this being paid for at the
public expense, which denounces as the gross-
est outrage a law passed by the Representatives
of the people ana approved by their President,
and to-day to be recognized as the law of the
land, binding alike on Representatives in Con-
gress and upon the people of every party in
this country. What I desire to have go upon
the record is the particular matter to which I
object as not being proper to be reported to
this House and not to be accepted or approved
by it.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask the gentleman
to yield to me for one moment.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire not to be inter-
rupted at this time, because my friend from
New York [Mr. Cox] left it in doubt whether
the matter to which I had objected had not
after all been withdrawn by the action of the
minority from their report. Notwithstanding
what has been withdrawn the minority report
still reads:
And we will show to all men not blinded by pre-
judice or passion that the Ku Klux bill is the gross-
est outrage, the foulest calumny ever perpetrated or
circulated upon or against the helpless people by
their rulers, who ought for that reason, if for 110
other, to be their friends instead of being their
relentless enemies and calumniators."
Here, sir, is a law of the nation denounced
as " the grossest outrage, the foulest calumny
ever perpetrated or circulated upon or against
a helpless people by their rulers," and the Con-
gress which enacted this lav? are asked at the
public expense to denounce a law ot' the
Republic passed by themselves as the foulest
outrage ever perpetrated upon a helpless j
people. j
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Let me interrupt the j
gentleman for a moment. i
Mr. BINGHAM. Not now. I desire to
make this further statement. I find in this
minority report this additional passage, which
is not corrected or in any way suppressed by
the minority, to wit:
To make our report clear and intelligible to the
mass of the American people, on whose innate hon-
esty and sense of justice we rely; for we fear no
facts will have any effect on the partisan majority
in Congress, who have already shown by the pas-
sage of the KuKlttx bill, against their will and judg-
ment, that they dare notdisobey the orders of their
imperious not to say imperial President.
To allow this is to notify the public by our
own act and at the expense of the nation that
the people's Representatives are the slaves of
a master whom the minority call an "impe-
rial President." I undertake to say, sir, that
no such report as this, at any time in the pre-
ceding history of the Republic, ever received
the assent of a majority of this House of any
party; and when that day comes I call upon
the people to take notice of the House which
thus trifles with and surrenders the authority
of a free people, and thus confesses itself a
conspirator against the rights of the people.
The people have the right to demand by the
obligation of their oaths that there shall be on
the part of the House a decent respect to their
laws as they stand upon the statute-book and
enacted by this House, until those laws are re-
pealed, modified, or set aside in the mode and
the manner prescribed, by the people them-
selves in their written Constitution.
Having said this much, sir, I stand upon my
objection to the receipt by this House of this
minority report, or to its publication either, and
I ask that the House, out of a decent regard to
themselves, and out of a decent regard to the
rights of a free people, which are thus sought
to be outraged at their expanse, and with the
sanction of their Representatives, shall reject
this minority report.
Mr. COX. I will remind the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] that until the President
came here with his message there had been no
Ku Klux legislation. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] tried again and
again to bring this matter to the attention of
the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. That does not aid this
matter.
Mr. COX. It is a matter of fact, however.
Mr. BINGHAM. It was perfectly compe-
tent to the President of the United States to
recommend to the Congress of the United
States, in the mode prescribed by the Consti-
tution of this country, such additional legisla-
tion as he himself might deem needful to the
safety of the people and to the maintenance
of the laws. That is what the President did.
And what the gentleman has suggested is no
excuse for coming here with such a report as
this and asking us to confess that we were the
slaves of the President, because, forsooth, we
saw fit to respectfully consider his message,
and to come to the conclusion that the addi-
tional legislation, only suggested by him in
his message, was needful to the public safety
and to the rightful vindication of the rights of
the people and the laws of the nation.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rose some time ago to a
point of order, but have not been recognized
by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Indiasa, [Mr. Niblack,] and
he will state his point of order.
Mr. NIBLACK. Before stating the point of
order which I desire to raise, I would ask the
Chair by what right is this debate going on?
The SPEAKER. The committee which has
made this report has the right to report at any
time.
Mr. NIBLACK. Is the debate proceeding
by general consent?
The SPEAKER. When a committee has the
right to report at any time, the right of debate
follows.
Mr. NIBLACK. If an objection can arrest
this debate I propose to arrest it.
