1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ITS
42d Gong....2d Sess.
Texas Politics—Mr. Herndon.
Ho. of Reps.
vicinity. You will therefore please deliver the pris-
oners in your charge to R. D. Orton, sheriff of
Nacogdoches county, to whom warrants are issued
authorizing him to receive said prisoners, that the
duties devolving on us by virtue of a communica-
tion from General Davidson may be performed with-
out further delay. You may re3t assured that said
examination shall be full, fair, and impartial, and
that said prisoners shall be protected from all vio-
lence or abuse, if such requires the power of the
county under my control.
Yours, respectfully,
M. PRIEST, District Judge.
Lieutenant Williams, of State Police.
The State of Texas, Nacogdoches county :
The undersigned, specially deputized by R. D.
Orton, sheriff of said county,to execute certain writs
to hnn directed, for the arrest of Columbus Hazlitt,
W. J. Grayson, and others, and to demand said par-
ties by written authority from M. Priest, judge of
the fourth judicial district, of Lieutenant Williams,
of the State police, who had the same iu charge,
under James Davidson, adjutant general of said
State, with instructions to turn over the said parties
to the civil authorities of the State.
The undersigned proceeded to the discharge of
said duties at the head of a sufficient force, called
out by said sheriff, by order of said judge, to make
said arrests.
The police in whose chargc said parties were, hav-
ing a force with them of twenty or thirty men, partly
composed of these parties so arrested and to be turned
over by Lieutenant Williams to the civil authorities,
and all armed, made very hostile demonstrations of
resistance in Linn Fiatt of said county, making
divers threats of violence and forcible resistance, but
on the approach of the undersigned they fell back
into Rusk county, a short distance over the line.
The undersigned being very desirous to avoid a
collision, and anxious to discharge his duty in a
peaceable manner, quit his command ->nd went with
but one attendant unarmed to said lieutenant at the
head of the forces with him, and asked a conference,
presenting the said lieutenant the papers above re-
ferred to, from Judge Priest, and remained there
some hours, requesting of said lieutenant the deliv-
ery of said prisoners, and to name his terms upon
which the difficulty could be settled. He referred
to propositions heretofore made by him, and said he
had no other propositions to make, and the under-
signed returned without said prisoners. The under-
signed was specially deputized upon this occasion, in
view of his age and appearance and long residence
in the county, he being sixty years old, and having
resided in the county thirty-seven years.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
M. G. WHITTAKER, .
Special Deputy Sheriff.
Hon. M. Priest, Judge Fourth Judicial District.
It was not to be expected that Judge Priest
would report worse than the facts really were,
and yet he shows that he could do nothing,
but that all armed bodies of men that went
into Rusk county were acting under lawful
authority and were pursuing the State police,
peace officers sworn to execute process and
sustain the law, but who, armed and reenforced
bv others, were defying all law.
"I will quote a letter from Judge Samuel A.
Willson, a, man of honor, purity, and truth,
whose testimony will carry as much weight as
that of any other, perhaps, in Texas. Hear
Rcsk, Texas, February 20,1872.
Dear Sir: I wrote to you hastily by last mail
inclosing Judge Priest's official report of ttte diffi-
culties in Nacogdoches county, and promising to
give you my own statement by next mail* i *iow
proceed to do so, in as few words as possible. Hazlett
was a State policeman; Grayson was a special police-
man. Doyle had sued Grayson before Justice Daw-
son. John Birdweli (afterward assassinated) was
constable of that precinct. Grayson swore that he
was a policeman and beyond the jurisdiction or
reach of the civil authorities, and stated to Dawson
and Birdweli that he would break up their court and
nave them arrested and taken to Austin if they
troubled him. Ho also made threats against their
Ibcs and the lives of other citizens.. He stated pub-
lielv to a number of the eitissens ot Linn Hat that
ho'defied the Civil authorities; that he outranked
them: that he had authority irora Governor Davis
to do whatever he chose to do, that he could sleep
with their wives if he wanted to, and they could
not help themselves, arid many other such insulting
remaiks and throats. Justice Dawson and Consta-
ble Birdweli were both Republicans; they became
terriiieii at these threats, and did not know what to
«lo Birdweli rode all the way W
advice iu the mutter. X prepared a statement ot
the facts, to which he mJdo^®da7Vohi him t" for-
davits were also obtained. 1 hese I told him to tor
ward to General Davidson, with the request that this
man Grayson should be looked alter. J f ^7^
him that a policeman was as much subject to tne civn
law as aay other person, and that it (grayson or an>
one else committed a breach of the peace, or at-
tempted to interfere with the court, to arrest them
and deal with them under the law as he would with
any other party.
Birdweli at that time, which was only about a
week previous to the murder, told me that his lifs
was in danger, and that tie was satisfied that Grayson
and his gang intended to kill him. Doyle, who had
sued Grayson, became so well satisfied that they
would kill him, that in order to" avoid them he dis-
missed his suit. Court day came on, and Grayson
and his gang came into town all armed, Hazlett
with them. A ease was progressing in court, in
which John R. Olute, who is an attorney, and a very
old and feeble man, was employed as counsel. Gray-
son and Hazlett had been offended in some way pre-
viously by Clate. While Clute was addressing the
court, Grayson, Hazlett, and their gang went to the
court-house and attempted to shoot him, and were
prevented from doing so only by the moststrenuous
efforts ou the part of those present. Clute then filed
an affidavit against them, and a warrant was issued
for their arrest, and placed in the hands of Consta-
ble Birdweli. He summoned a man named Harvell
to go with him and assist in the arrest. Both were
totally unarmed. They went to where Hazlett was
and arrested him, and told him to give up his gun.
Hazlett called for Grayson. Grayson came to him,
and then Hazlett asked Harvell if he wanted him to
give up his gun. Harvell told him yes. Hazlett then
remarked, " D—n you, take its contents," and shot
Harvell. Grayson then fired at Birdweli three shots,
but missed him. Harvell staggered into astore close
by and found a shot-gun on the counter, which he
took up and fired one barrel at Hazlett, and the
other at Grayson, striking both of them, but the
gun was loaded with small shot and did no material
injury to them.
Harvell then fell, and died in a few moments. The
murderers then paraded over town, defying every-
thing and everybody, and finally mounted their
horses and left. The sheriff, R. D. Orton, was sent
for. He went to Linn Fiatt, and, procuring warrants,
proceeded in search of the murderers. He learned
that they had fled into Rusk county, and were being
protected by a strong force. Orton summoned a
posse and went into Rusk county to arrest them, as
the law authorized him to do. He cotxid not find
them, returned to Nacogdoches, and disbanded his
men. A few nights after this, John Birdweli, the
constable, was called to his door about ten o'clock
at night, and upon opening his door was shot dead.
Orton wa3 again sent for, and, raising a number of
men, search was made for the assassins, but this
time they fled, sii in number, in the direction ot
Austin. Orton sent his deputy and six men on the
track of them. They followed them to Austin, and
upon reaching Austin they called upon General
Davidson to have them arrested, and he told them
that he had already had them arrested, and had
sent them back to Nacogdoches in charge of Lieu-
tenant Williams, of the State police, to be turned
over to the civil authorities for trial. Davidson
also instructed Judge Priest to proceed to Nacog-
doches and pieside at the examination, ihe citi-
zens of Linn Fiatt and the sheriff (Orton) sent for
Judge Priest to come over and hear the cases.
X was employed by the citizens to assist the dis-
trict attorney in the prosecution. Judge Priest,
District Attorney Shook, W. L. David, a Repub-
lican attorney, and myself all went over to Linn
Fiatt. When we reached there, on Monday, we
learned that the police were there and that Haz-
lett and Grayson were there, and that on the day
before they had surrounded one Wilson s house,
just at daybreak, and had fired some twenty shots
at him, but he escaped, miraculously, and reached
the woods unharmed. In this murderous onslaught
Hazlett and Grayson were both armed, and took
an active and conspicuous part. On Monday, atter
we arrived at Linn Fiatt. Judge Priest met Lieuten-
ant Williams, and they had a conference, and Wil-
liams told Judge Priest he would bring the prison-
ers in at ten o'clock the next morning. About one
o'clock p. m., Williams came riding into town in mil-
itary style, with about twenty armed men, several
of them negroes, and among them were Haalett and
Grayson, both of whom were armed with six-shoot-
ers. They remained in town until nearly night and
refused to turn over the^ prisoners, although the
lieutenant was informed that the sheriff and court
were ready to receive them. This farce was repeated
on three several days.
On the third day they remarked that they would
come baok next day, and that they intended to have
their own way in the matter or they would shed the
last drop of their blood, and that theprisonersshould
be acquitted, and that Linn Fiatt would then catch
hell,and many other such remarks, ihesnenn naa
had up to this time six men whom he had summoned
tor guards to guard the prisoners when turned over
to him. but the policemen having objected to these
armed men, the sheriff had sent them home, and we
were without any armed force whatever and whollj
unprotected. We also learned troin good authority
that a considerable force of negroes and other armed
men were about six miles from the Matt, m Rusk
county, as a reserve—some one hundred and fitly or
two hundred. I will here .further stare that in the
crowd which were with Lieutenant Williams there
were several parties who were believed to have been
engaged in the assassination of Birdweli. ^Variants
were issued for those parties and placed in the han™
of Lieutenant Williams, charging those parties with
murder. He paid no attention whatever to th« pro-
cess, did not arrest the parties, and didnotreturp
the warrants. Under this state of things affidavits
were made by several of us, which you see set forth
in Ju4ge Priest's report. He thereupon issued his
warrants for these parties, and the sheriff, in obedi-
ence to his instructions, called out theposee comi-
tates. The next morning Lieutenant Williams at
the head of about ten of his force, among them the
murderer Hazlitt, came charging into town at a
sweeping gallop, with their six-shooters drawn, and
charged through the town and back again as far as
Mr. Branch's residence, where Judge Priest was stop-
ping, and here they halted and formed into line, and
cursed considerably, threatening to burn the town,
&c. The sheriff with his posse by this time formed
and started for them, and they retreated, and were
followed to the Rusk county line. You will see from
Colonel Whittaker's report, copied in Judge Priest's
report, what there occurred. They took Whittaker
prisoner, cursed and abused him, and refused to re-
turn his papers or to release him until near night.
Afterward, when these lawless marauders had fied,
Orton's posse followed in pursuit into Rusk county
as far as Henderson, but failing to overtake th-im,
the pursuers all returned to their homes, and the
murderers and their accessories escaped. I have
never in my life witnessed such outrageous, such
lawless conduct as I witnessed at Linn Fiatt on the
part of these police and their murderous gang. The
citizens, to a man, were anxious to see the law ob-
served in all things. They offered to employ and pay
the ablest counsel that could be procured to defend
these parties; they proposed also to give bond in
thesum of $100,000, or any other sum, conditioned that
no violence should be doneto theprisoners, and that
not a hair of their heads should be hurt except by
the law. But all this availed nothing. They did
not intend to have a fair trial in the first place*
Their object was to get the county under martial
law, and escape in this way. They have published
already the most glaring and infamous lies aboutthe
affair, and they will not blush to swear to them.
The tacts as I have stated them to you are the true
facts, most of which X witnessed, and they can be
established by the testimony of numbers of the very
best men in the country. I never have witnessed
such a state of terrorism as I found to exist among
the people of Linn Fiatt on account of these assas-
sins. I have been in Texas all my lifo; have lived
here during the Mexican and Indian troubles, and
during the regulating and moderating difficulties,
but I have never known our people so frightened
and so powerless to protect themselves as they are
at Linn Fiatt. There are men there who have been
afraid to sleep in their own homes for two months
past, and who never dare to travel the same road
twioc the same day. What is to become of u«s? The
law will not be permitted to protect us. The very
authorities and officers who are paid out of our
pockets to protect us in our lives and property are
leagued against us, and shield and protect murder;
ers and assassins and those who rob us. Great GodI
is there no help for us? .
I inclose you a statement signed Jacob btafl,
which is a very correct statement, and comes I think
from Amory Starr, esq., of Nacogdoches, with whom
you are acquainted.
I have necessarily had to be very lengthy, colonel,
but I wanted you to have all the facts as nearly as I
could relate them. I will get you other statements
as boon as I can, and if there is any way in which 1
can serve you or my suffering country, please com-
mand me at once.
Wishing you all success and much happiness, 1 am,
yours, truly, SAM A. WILLSON.
Hon. W. S. Herndon, Washington.
I have letters from Amory Starr, Judge R.
S. Walker, James H. Jones, Judge W. W.
Morris, Hon. W. H. Swift, and others, to the
same effect, but I will not consume the time
of the House in reading them. What, sir,
does all this show? That such charges are
made in the public interest, or to effect a par-
ticular purpose, to stigmatize the Democratic
party, to saddle upon them the crimes of a
brutal soldiery whose outrages are placed to
their credit by a venal press, and a premium
thus offered for renewed violations of law,
and when powerless to control these despe-
radoes, holding a commission as officers from
the Executive to invoke martial la®i a"d thus
crush out what little of liberty ^et lingers
among the people.
Are other examples wanting to show who
are guilty of the outragesand murders charged
against those people? On the 7th of last De-
cember the negro State police, having formed
a conspiracy in Smith county, murdered m
cold blood R. B. House and B. A. Godly,, two
much esteemed lawyers and citizens, and bred
more than thirty shots into a crowd ot pris-
oners under arrest in the hands of a United
