174
APPENDIX TO TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 28.
Ho. of Reps.
Texas Politics—Mr. Herndon.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
States deputy marshal, and the by-standers,
wounding several and alarming the whole peo-
ple. And now listen to what the Radical
Marshall Weekly of the 11th of January says,
after the real facts were well known :
" At Tyler, a short time ago, a studied attempt was
made by an organized elan tokill several of the State
police. Some dozen shots were fired at them, when
they returned the fire, resulting in the death of two
persons. That those men were justified^a thousand
times over is beyond any manner of dispute; still
the friends and sympathizers of these villains have
all over the country commenced howling about the
murderous police. Thus it is that officers of the law
cannot discharge a plain duty, though it be to ex-
pose the blackest crime, without having circulated
to their discredit all that can be invented. Disgrace-
ful as it may soem, there is a large class ready to
circulate anything false and dishonorable. The
truth from them would be followed by the charge
of being a Radical. So it is that society is corrupted
and debased to an extent somewhat alarming. Men
are engaged in this who cannot look an honest man
in the face without betraying corrupt hearts. They
shrink from virtue as darkness does from the burn-
ing sun."
Notwithstanding this bold denial of guilt
and shameful attempt to shift the responsi-
bility from the police to the citizens, exactly
reversing the facts, yet fourteen of the ring-
leaders in this dreadful tragedy were arrested,
examined by a district judge, and a part of
them are held to bail, and the remainder
denied bail, as capital felons. What a verdict
by officers of the Administration against those
who are struggling by such foul means to sus-
tain a sinking cause!
Who murdered in the most savage manner
Appelwhite, in Limestone county, lastOctober,
which aroused the whole country to arms, and
resulted in martial law being declared by the
Governor, and a wholesale robbery, under the
forms of law, of $40,000"being assessed, and
$70,000 wrung from those people? Thenegro
State police! So brutal and savage was this
affair, so destructive of every principle of
freedom, and so scandalous to all civilzed
society, that even the Radical Legislature of
Texas condemned the action of the Governor,
the author of it, by a very decided majority.
I might mention many other robberies and
murders eommiited by these conservators of
the -peace, these lambs, these specially select-
ed favorites of the Executive, but I forbear.
That the country may better understand this
police force, which has and is playing such
a 'conspicuous part in Texas, and is to aid
in carrying the elections this fall, under
the guise of fair election, I refer to some
parts of the law itself. This act provides as
follows:
Sec. 1. "That there shall be established a State
police {in connection with the militia sybtemoftlic State)
to be composed of one chief of police, four captains,
eight lieutenants, twenty sergeants, and two hundred
and twenty-live privates. Tnat the pay of each pri-
vate shall be sixty dollars per month; that of each
sergeant shall be seventy-five dollar"; that of each
lieutenant $100, and that of each captain $125per
month."
Sec. 3. " In addition to the regular pay, the same
mileage and other compensation for conveying pris-
oners as are allowed bylaw to sheriffs is given to
the State police."
Sec. 5. " All sheriffs and their deputies, consta-
bles, marshals of cities and towns and their depu-
ties, and police of cities and towns shall be consid-
ered a part of the State police; and any of these
officers failing or refusing prompt obedience to such
rules and regulations, or to the orders of the Gov-
ernor or chief of State police, shall be removed from
office, and suffer such other punishment as may be
prescribed by law."
Skc. 6. "Xfro State police may in part or in all,
in the discretion of the Governor, be detailed for
duty in uniform, or may be employed at detectives in
ferreting out and bringing to justice offenders."
Sec. 8. " They shall be invented with authority belong-
ing f" all peace officers, coextensive with the limits of
the State,and shall be empowered to act either in
conjunction with or independent of all local officers
of the peace. They may at any time be detailed by
the Governor, either separate or together, to do
service in any part of the State."
Here is a strong military force, selected by
the Governor with judicial as well as executive
powers, coextensive with the limits of the
State, that may act with or independently of
all local peace officers; that may be used with
uniform or without, for the ostensible purpose
of "ferreting out crime," or as " detectives."
This force claimsto be above the law, amenable
only to the Executive, independent of the
courts of the country, and hence their audacity.
By this law a system of espionage is inau-
gurated which was intended to crush out all
free public opinion, and thus force the people
to bend to the will of this autocrat. By a
subsequent amendment to this act the Govern-
or is authorized to call out twenty additional
special policemen for each organized county
in the State, when the necessity so requires,
with the pay of three dollars per day; and
the Executive did call outthis force for twenty-
four days during the registration and election
of members to Congress last September and
October, at a cost of $1,440 to each county
where used. These forces cost the State, so
far as can be ascertained, about five hundred
thousand dollars last year; and it puts into
the hands of the Governor the power to call
out about three thousand men, all selected
and officered at his will, whenever he may
judge necessary.
But to a more perfect understanding of the
military party machinery of this State, where
we have a standing army maintained by the
State in time of peace—I quote from the mili-
tary act:
Sec. 2. " The Governor of the State shall be com-
mander in chief of all the military forces of this State,
which shall consist of two classes, namely, the State
guard of Texas and reserve'militia."
Sec. 3. "^he Governor is authorized to 'designate
the number of men in each county allowed to enroll
in the State guard and to reject any person offering
himself for enrollment.3"
Sec. 7. "Heshall appoint and commission all gen-
eral, field, company, and staff officers."
Sec. 21. "All fines, forfeitures, and assessments
imposed by this act shall be paid into the treasury
of the State as a fund for aiding in the armament,
equipment, and mounting of the State guard, and
may be paid out under direction of the Governor for
thin purpose."
Sec. 22. "All persons liable to serve in the reserve
may avoid such service by paying^/ieen dollars, this
payment to be made each year," &c.
Three sections of the act, twenty-five, twenty-
six, and twenty-seven, are given in full, and
are as follows :
"Sec. 25. In time of war, rebellion, insurrection,
invasion, resistance of civil process, breach of the
peace, or imminent danger thereof, the Governor
shall have full power to order into active service
the military force of this State.
"Sec. 26. It shall be the duty of the Governor,
and he is hereby authorized, whenever, in his opin-
ion, the enforcement of the laws of this State is ob-
structed within any county or counties by combina-
tions of lawless men too strong for the control of
the civil authorities, to declare such county or coun-
ties under martial law, and to suspend the laws
therein. In this event the Governor, by his proc-
lamation, shall designate the county or counties
wherein tbe laws are to be so suspended, and the Gov-
ernor shall call out such part of State guard or
reserve militia, or State police, as may, in his opin-
ion, be necessary to the suppressions of disorder.
The expense of maintaining the State guard or
reserve militia called into active service under this
section may, in whole or in part, in the discretion
of the Governor, be assessed upon the people of the
county or counties where the laws are suspended.
For the assessment and collection of such part of
this expense as may be required to be paid by the
county or counties where the laws are suspended,
the Governormay provide, and hemay also prescribe
the necessary regulations therefor, and may desig-
nate the officer or officers who shall make such
assessment and oolleotion thereof.
"Sec. 27. Whenever the laws may be suspended,
as provided for in the last preceding section, it shall
be the duty of the Governor to provide for the trial
and punishment of offenders, and tbe Governor shall
make all details of officers for this purpose, and
prescribe all necessary regulations for the formation
and government of courts-martial and military com-
missions established for this purpose."
I invoke the scrutiny of the American peo-
ple to the grants of power conferred by these
laws upon one man—a great military force,
a standing army, selected and officered by one
man, that can be used as detectives and spies
upon the citizen in disguise, so as the more
surely to entrap him, with the treasury of the
State to back him; yes, with the whole prop-
erty of the citizen subjpet to his will. Look
at the causes for which this chieftain may de-
clare war upon an unarmed people, (for as a
preliminary step the citizens are disarmed:)
for a " breach of the peace " 11 or imminent
danger thereof." Oh, how constitutional,
how consistent with free government! These
causes may occur by design in any counly of
the State, or in every county of the State the
same day, and thus give a pretext for mar-
tial law in the entire State. And who is to
judge of the necessity or danger to the State?
Of course, the Governor, h'or these causes,
or either of them, the Executive may marshal
and march his forces into a county or counties,
suspend the laws, and take possession, as he
did in Limestone county lastOctober; assess
the expenses of his army upon the people,
and hold them under duress till the amount is
paid, even to the seizure and sale at public auc-
tion of the property of the people. And there
is no limit of amount to be collected, or law
for its disbursement, except as dictated by the
Executive.
But the law does not stop here. It goes
much further. It not only places the property
of individuals and whole communities at the
mercy of one man and his soldiery, but it
gives him the power over the liberty and life
of th^ citizen. When the law is suspended
"it shall be the duty of the Governor to pro-
vide for the trial and punishment of offend-
ers-, and the Governor shall make all details
of officers for this purpose, and prescribe
all necessary regulations for the formation
and government of courts-martial and mili-
tary commissions established for this pur-
pose."
Whoever dares to commit a breach of the
peace, or so act that a spy will report that there
is imminent danger thereof," may be brought
before a " military commission" composed of
officers appointed and detailed for the pm pose,
and tried, condemned, and executed without
appeal. Here let the lawyer, the statesman,
the lover of free government, ay, the very
goddess of liberty, pause and weep for shame
over such tyranny! Where is the right of
trial by your peers, the right to have counsel,
the right to be confronted by your accusers ?
What code of laws is to govern, what rules of
evidence, and where the right of the writ of
habeas corpus, the sheet-anchor of American
freedom? All, all crushedand trampled under
the feet of tyrants!
Sir, there is no despotism in the civilized
world, that has assumed the forms of law, more
revolting than this. It not only sweeps down
individuals, but itdesolates entire communities
of all that is held sacred, social order, property,
freedom of thought, liberty, and even life itself,
without any guarantee from the courts or the
Constitution. And the very means used to
execute these infamous laws, adds insult to in-
jury and aggravates the condition of the people,
theignorant, debauched, irresponsible negroes,
under the lead of men more debased, if possi-
ble, who disregard alike age, sex, and condi-
tion, and blindly follow the commands of him
who is capable of subverting the liberties of a
whole people. It is not strange that outrages,
villainies, and assassinations should follow in
the track of such a lawless band, and that the
whole country should be sickened to disgust at
them.
The whole tendency of this Radical State
Legislature and their ideas of government are
peculiarly military. There is no philosophy, no
logic; brute force and the bayonet constitute
the rule. See with what military pomp and
circumstance of war the Governor assumes
command of his standing army to carry the
last congressional election for his favorite
