2914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
private individual, that which is regarded by
all civilized nations, being the property of in-
dividuals, as sacred and to be held untouched,
civilization having demanded that even in time
of war private property shall be respected ;
property that was respected by this Govern-
ment as it marched triumphantly through
Mexico; property that was respected by Wil-
liam as he marched victoriously toward the
city of Paris ; property that has been regarded
as sacred from the touch of an invading
army under all civilized Governments we
ask simply that this property shall to-day be
paid for under what we conceive to have been
the policy of the nation, under a policy that
we have accepted and understood as being
that of the people of the United States, that
this shall be paid for under the law of Con-
gress which settled the revolution and pro-
vided a Court of Claims for adjusting between
the citizen of the United States, who was a
rebel nevertheless, and the Government of the
United States, in order to define and adjudi-
cate the distinction between private and pub-
lic property.
Now, the private citizen comes with the
judgment of that court which you have estab-
lished, whose jurisdiction you have defined,
whose decision he holds in his hand, pointing
to the proceeds of his property in the Treas-
ury of the United States, and bearing up in
his hand at the same time the act of Congress
and the adjudication of the Supreme Court
upon that act, and he asks that you shall
throw here no obstruction in his way in carry-
ing forward the judgment to its legitimate re-
sult. This is all he asks. He cannot ask less
than this.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I have not the
slightest personal interest in tins question. I
wish 1 had, for I wish that a great deal of cot-
ton of my own that was burned had gone into
the Treasury of the United States; 1 wish it,
even if it had never been given back to me ; but
it was not my good fortune to have mine go
there. I never had a bale sold and the pro-
ceeds put into the Treasury. I had many a
bale burned in the march of Sherman's army
at different places. I have told General Sher-
man himself that I did not think there was any
good in burning that cotton; that the destruc-
tion of the railways through the country by
his army put it out of the power of individuals
to send it to the sea-board, and more than that,
he was marching with a strong force upon our
principal sea-port at the time thisbuxning took
place, and the cotton would have been left
behind him. From Savannah, crossing the
river at that point, he turned up into South
Carolina, and destroying the railroads that com-
municated between Augusta and Richmond he
made cotton as useless to the rebels as the
pines that it was lying among in the South.
There was an immense amount of cotton
captured at Savannah, not captured until
Savannah fell before the victorious army of
General Sherman. That cotton remained
there until after activc hostilities had ceused,
mainly, before it was carried away. It cannot
be said with propriety that while the United
States forces occupied Savannah, it a con-
quered city fully in their possession, with the
possession of its harbor, no means of egress
or ingress on the part of the confederates any
longer, that it was a means of repressing hos-
tilities to take the cotton that was found in
that city, and it does not strike me that it was
necessary or that it accomplished anything in
that way. Georgia had been overrun, Savan-
nah had fallen, and the cotton was captured.
There was no way on earth for the rebels to
take that cotton away from Savannah. It was
afterward transported to New York, and what
was left of it sold and the proceeds carried
into the Treasury of the United States, where
they now lie.
As I said on a former occasion, I can see
no difference in the seizure of cotton under
such circumstances, and the seizure of treas-
ure, of gold and silver, or of household goods.
One might as well have been done as the
other, if the object had been to raise money
for the Treasury of the United States. Apd
long after active hostilities had ceased, seiz-
ures of cotton were continued in the State of
Georgia in the interior, and in the interior of
other southern States. It was seized upon
pretexts of doubtful ownership, and some-
times I have no doubt rightly seized as the
property of the confederate States, but not
very often. Very frequently there was a mis
take in that particular.
It does seem to me that it would-have been
better never to have taken the cotton away at
all, better to have left it there in the desolate,
impoverished condition of that country and
of that people. Since that was not done, but
in the heat and excitement incident to war
the cotton was seized and taken away from
them and the proceeds put into the Treasury,
it is better to day, I think, (better than to
keep the few millions that compose the amount
of money which was derived from such cotton,)
that the proceeds be returned to the original
owners whenever they can be ascertained Sir,
I think there are Senators here who, if they
could go through the districts of country where
some of this cotton was seized, if they could
have known those sections as I knew them
before there was any war, if they could have
seen the freshness and the beauty that the
country exhibited at that time, and look upon
it now in its desolate, ruined state, scarcely a
straggling fence to be seen, rarely any evidence
of repairs ; and even the fine old mansions ot
the country, once the abodes of almost princely
hospitality, destroyed and gone, and with their
beautiful grounds all left desolate, all mere
markb ot ruin and decay—•
"And not a rose left to bloom on the stalk,
To toll where the garden had been,"
would awaken some emotions in the generous
heart other than those of vindictive feeling and
bitter-memories of the wrongs of former years.
Better to give to these deluded people, if
they were all rebels, that owned this cotton
the money that arose from its sale and help
them to rise again from their impoverished
helpless condition.
I hope, sir, that the new rule adopted yes-
terday, the excellent regulation in regard to
amendments inappropriate to appropriation
bills, will be signalized to-day by the rejection
of this amendment, and that it will not go
upon this bill to mar its symmetry. Let us
make this the distinctive point, beginning here
in that good work. If there is to be any legis-
lation upon upon this subject, it might be well
to determine whether there should be some
discrimination between the cotton of claim-
ants takes during flagrant war and that which
was taken after hostilities had ceased. There
seems to me there may be something in
that. No one complained of seizures while
war raged. While they were fitting out little
vessels and running the blockade and carry-
ing cotton secretly to Nassau, and bringing in
goods, it was certainly proper for the Govern-
ment to seize the cotton and prevent its being
used to its detriment; but after this had ceased,
as it did cease at Savannah as soon as Sher-
man took the city, and could no longer be
done, I can see no reason why there should
have been seizures of cotton in Savannah. It
was well known by General Sherman when he
garrisoned that city that there was not force
enough anywhere in the South to retake it
and occupy it and expel or capture the garri-
son. He had no apprehension of that, and he
marched away through the Carolinas, destroy-
ing as he went the railways behind him, so
that there was no longer means left for
furnishing supplies for the government at
Richmond. The whole edifice was tottering
to its fall, and had absolutely gone down, was
prostrate in the dust at the time a large por-
tion of this cotton was seized, the proceeds of
which are now in the Treasury.
Mr. COLE. I move that further debate on
amendments to this bill be restricted to five
minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. As-
THONY in the chair.) The Senator from Cali-
fornia moves, under the rule adopted yester-
day, that further debate on amendments to
this bill be restricted to five minutes; and
that question must be taken without debate.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken,resulted—yeas 30, nays 18 ; as follows:
yeas—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler.
Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Howe, Kel-
logg, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Pomeroy, Pratt, ltamsey, Rice, Scott, Sherman,
Wilson, Windom, and Wright—30.
NAYS — Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Casserly, Davis
of West Virginia, Goldthwaite. Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, .Norwood, Sanlsbury,
Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner,
Trumbull, and Vickers—18.
ABSENT—-Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Clayton,
Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Fenton,
Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Hitchcock, Lewis, Logan. Xye, Osbora,
Patterson, Pool, Ransom, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schurz, Stewart, Thurman, Tipton, and West—26.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Moriull.]
Mr. STEVENSON. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The amendment was to add the following as
an additional section:
Sec. —. That the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims under the act approved March 12,1863, en-
titled "An act to provide for the collection of aban-
doned property, and for the prevention ot frauds in
insurrectionary districts within the United States,'*
and any act amendatory thereof or in relation there-
to, shall extend only tocasesduly commencedin said
court within two years after the suppression of the
rebellion, in which it shall be established as a fact,
by proof satisfactory to said court, that the owner
of such property has never, in fact, given any aid or
comfort to said rebellion; and no judgment of said
court, in any ease, under said acts shall be paid un-
less such finding shall be stated as a proven fact in
the judgmentot saidcourt: Provided, Thatthe pro-
visions of this section shall not apply to or embrace
judgments heretofore rendered by the Court of
Claims in which it has been found as a proven fact
that the claimant has not given aid or comfort to the
rebellion: And provided further. That proof of loy-
alty to the United States, or of not giving aid and
comfort to the rebellion, shall not be required of any
party to a suit cognizable by the Court of Claims
founded on contraot with the United States entered
yito since the suppression of the rebellion: And pro-
vided further, That on any judgnientheretoforeren-
deied in favor of claimants in which the question of
loyalty was not passed on, the court on application
ol the claimant may hear, determine, and certify as
to the question of loyalty as shown by the evidence
on tho record.
Mr. CALDWELL. I am paired on this
question with the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Blair.] If present, he would vote "nay," and
I should vote "yea."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On this ques-
tion my colleague [Mr. Edmunds] is paired
with the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. schur2-]
If present my colleague would vote "yea,"
and the Senator from Missouri would vote
"nay."
Mr. CONKLING. Iam paired on this ques-
tion with the Senator from Ohio, [Ml*. Tiltllt-
MAN.] I should vote for the amendment, of
course, and he would vote against it.
Mr. WILSON. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, [Mr. RaxsoM.] If
he were present, I should vote " yea," and he
would vote "nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 26; as follows:
_ YEAS—Messrs Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Cole, Cor-
bett, Cragin. Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Freling-
huysen, Gilbert. Hamlin, Morrill of Maine. Morrill
ot Vermont, Morton, Patterson, Pratt, Ramsey,
bcott, Sherman, Sumner, Wmdom, and Wright—
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard,Casserly, Davis ot
West Virginia, Ferry of Connecticut, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Hill, Johnston,
Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Norwood, Pomeroy, Pool,
Rice, Saulsbury. Sawyer, Spencer, Sprague, Steven-
son, Stockton, Trumbull Viukers, and West—26.
