1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
That is one of the amendments I have pro-
posed, that this commission shail terminate
within one year. Then there is an additional
reason on the ground of economy. There is
no reason why we should create sinecure offices
of $5,000 each to last two years, and to be
supplied with clerks and the paraphernalia of
such investigations. I am utterly opposed to it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. KILLINGER. No, sir; I have only
five minutes, and one or two more points to
make. The second amendment I proposed
was that at least one of this commission should
be a practical laborer. Unless such a one is
put on this commission this bill is not worth
the paper upon which it is printed. To appoint
three erudite, learned gentlemen, of classical
taste and great repute in letters, is just of no
account at all. The laboring man desires and
deserves the recognition of this House. The
President of the United States, in his discre-
tion, may select a laboring man; but, sir, the
Congress of the United States is of greater
power in this Government than the President
of the United States, and if the Representa-
tives of this laboring people have the will, and
intend their interests shall be regarded, and
the requirements they make shall be fairly
heard, let them put it in print, let them state
it here, and require that the President of the
United States shall appoint one at least who is
practically identified with this question.
Now, Mr. Speaker, unless we have these
amendments, I do not consider the commis-
sion of much account in any practical way.
Suggestions have been made to me that, in
addition to the one representing the laboring
interest, the other two commissioners should
represent the other great interests of manu-
factures and commerce. I do not intend, in
my amendment, to include any other class of
people than the laboring people, and for this
reason: the interests of commerce and manu-
factures, in which is invested the capital of
the country, do not need any such indication
from Congress. The President will be sure to
hear from them. They will be there to be
heard. The men who delve in the mine, who
toil and spin and weave, will have no repre-
sentation there. Unless it is in the law,
'"nominated in the bond," they will Jiave no
representation. These suggestions are all 1
desire to make in that connection.
The questions to be submitted to the con-
sideration of a commission press for an early
solution. The problem of labor reform, in its
varied aspects and relations, is one of the
momentous questions of our advancing civili-
zation. Its shadow is seen and its power is
felt in the daily telegrams which reach us from
all parts of the civilized world. Kings and
people, church and State, feel its influence,
and we will be compelled to deal with it in this
country in a practical way at no remote day.
What, then, is this question? It involves
the recognition on the part of the Govern-
ment of the fact that, the laboring classes of
our population, more especially those engaged
in manual labor, menial labor as it has come
to be regarded, are being unfairly dealt with,
are entitled to more consideration, higher
compensation, and some shaie in the govern-
ing forces of the country. Associated wealth
now holds this targe class of our producers in
an iron grasp, and refuses them that equal and
exact justice to'which they feel themselves to
be entitled; and yet labor is admitted of
all men to be the source of wealth and the
foundation of our material prosperity. It is
not singular that the intelligent laborer should
seek to share in some degree the comforts and
prosperity of his employer.
Experience has proved that the principle of
cooperation, which underlies this labor reform
movement, between employer and employed,
works well in many of those branches of indus-
try which require small capital and limited
capacity. I am hopeful that this beneficent
principle may be extended and come to em-
brace the larger industrial establishments of
the country. When the principle is recognized
that there is and of right ought to be an
equity between the rate of dividends made and
the rate of wages paid the success of the labor
reform movement will be assured. It will be
to the great advantage of the whole country
that some such result shall be reached and that
speedily. It will silence discontent, secure sta-
bility in all kind of industrial enterprises, and
do away with strikes and suspensions. When
the employer and the employed have thus a
common interest in the prosecution of any
trade or business, we may look for steady in-
dustry, increased production, and generally a
more economical and satisfactory management
of their affairs.
These efforts are widely different from what
I understand the Commune of Paris and the
Reds of continental Europe to be striving for.
The American workingmen wiih whom I have
come in contact are neither atheists nor infi-
dels, Fourierites nor free-lovers. They do not
worship the Goddess of Reason, nor propose to
break down the barriers between virtue and
vice. The true method of labor reform is to
be found in the American idea of educating
the masses, improving their condition, and
recognizing them one and all as factors in
our social and political system. If I under-
stand the foreign system it will ever be an
exotic on American soil, encouraging, as it
does, idleness instead of labor, rapine instead
of economy. It leads to disorganization and
disorder, debauchery and moral death ! Our
system rests on that better basis, "a Govern-
ment of the people for the people and by the
people," and inculcates industry and sobriety,
the sacredness of the marriage tie and the fam-
ily relation, the elevation of all classes, the
subjection of none; and in these consists the
greatness and grandeur of the nation.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. 1 now
yield for ten minutes to my colleague, [Mv.
Kellet.]
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
bill for the appointment of the commission
will pass. I cannot argue the general ques-
tions now, having risen merely to reply in
some sort to the remarks of my colleague
[Mr. Stobm] and of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] who sits beside him. In the
course of their remarks they assailed the duties
on various manufactured articles, chiefly of
iron. Sir, those duties are requisite to secure
employment to the American laborer. They
are the sole defense of his right to steady em-
ployment. To the penniless and unemployed
laborer no commodities are cheap. The cheap-
est are so costly that he cannot buy them,
while the steadily employed and well-paid arti
sail can furnish himself abundantly with at
least the necessaries of life. I do not mean
to reply to the suggestions of my colleague
in my own language; but will do it by re-
questing the Clerk to read a letter from one
who was legislating as a member of Congress
before either he or the gentleman from New
York was born—more than fifty years ago—and
who lives to watch, with intelligence, legislation
touching the rights and interests of the masses
of his countrymen. 1 allude to Hon. Andrew
Stewart, of western Pennsylvania. The Clerk
will please read his letter.
The Clerk read as follows :
Uniontow.v, Pennsylvani i,
December 11,1871.
DearSir: Last winter the free-traders succeeded
in reducing the duty on pis iron from nine dollars
to seven dollars per ton, and I see that they now
propose to reduce it to five dollars. This reduction of
two dollars was made to reduce the price in accord-
ance with their theory that" the duty is always added
to the price and paid by the consumer;'' while, on
theother hand,you contended that the effect would
be to break down our weak establishments, check
the strong, discourage investments, destroy compe-
tition, and of course diminish supply, and thereby
increase the price. Such were the arguments; now
for the faets and results.
Let theee free-traders look at the price-current of
pig iron when they redueed the duty about a year
ago, and at the price-current now, and they will find
that instead of reducing the price of pig iron twe
dollars aton it has increased it on an average nearly
six dollars, say five dollars per ton. Then let them
look at the official reports. British and American,
and they will find that we have imported, since the
reduction of the duty, about two hundred thousand
tons of pig metal, which, at an increase of five dol-
lars a ton, will mako a clear gain to foreign import-
ers of $1,000,000 and an equivalent loss to American
consuiners.besides the millions lost by breaking down
American competition and supply.
But this is not all. The Treasury has, by this act,
lost two dollars a ton on two hundred thousand tons
of pig iron, amounting to $100,000 in gold revenue,
which our own people must now pay to supply this
loss. Such are the fruits of "revenue reform." Other
causes may have contributed to these results, but.
this cannot impair the truth or destroy the influence
of the facts stated.
With these undeniable facts, proved by records,
staring them in the fa.ee. these revenue retormers
now propose to repeat the experiment by which they
have robbed American consumers of Sl.OOO.OOU, and
the Treasury of $100,000 more to favor foreigners.
Now, hud they reversed this action, had they added
two dollars a ton instead of taking it off, thereby
stimulating production and encouraging investments
at home, developing our own resources, giving em-
ployment to our own labor, and markets and mouoy
to our own farmers instead of foreigners, how many
millions would it have saved, and how many would
it have added to our national wealth and resources.
Now, permit, mo to add briefly a few reasons why
pig iron, above everything else, requires high pro-
tection :
1. Because it is the product almost exclusively of day
labor, unaided by labor-saving machinery: for what
is clearer than that American labor, getting from
SI 50 to two dollars a day, must be protected in its
struggle with foreign labor, for the American market,
receiving wages on an average less than half that
sum? Especially as the cost of transporting for-
eign pig iron to this country is a mere trifle, often as
ballast, less than live dollars a. ton : about the cost
of carting it ten or fifteen miles on ordinary roads.
2. Because almost tne whole value of pig iron con-
sists of agricultural produce. Ask any practical pig
iron maker, ajid he will tell you that about three
fourths ot the money he receives lor his pig iron goes
1 o the neighboring farmers for the subsistence of his
labor; the horses, mules, and oxen, men, women, and.
children employed about his furnace: the ore and
coal of which his iron is made being utterly worth-
less if lelt in the ground, and so the foreign iron we
purchase consists of the agricultural produce of for-
eign farnicts sent here in disguise, worked up into
pig iron, and our money sent by millions to pay for
it, instead of being distributed amongonr own farm-
ers and la.boring men.
3. Because iron is alike essential in peace and
war, and for which wo ought, therefore, to be inde-
pendent of the world.
1. Because the coal and ore of which iron is made
are useless and worthless if left unused and uncon-
verted into iron.
5. Because our capacity to produce iron is un-
limited, our coal and ore inexhaustible, easier of
access, and more equally and generally distributed
than in any other country, llence, ought we not
only to supply ourselves, but also, in time, the old
and exhausted countries of Europe with iron, as we
a,re now doing with many other articles heretofore
imported, but now exported under favorof high pro-
tective duties, which having done their work are
now useless and inoperative.
Very respectfully, yours, A. STEWART.
Hon. W. D. Kklley.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, having thus
through the lips of that venerable mail replied
to the assault of my colleague and his friend
from New York [Mr. Cox] upon the wagas
of the laboring people, I proceed to say that
the working people of this country want this
commission.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. KELLEY. I decline to be interrupted.
Mr. COS. I only wish to inquire what is
the date of that letter ?
Mr. KELLEY. I desire also to say that I
have never had so many letters from working
people in so short a space of time, thanking
me for act or word, as I have received during
the last few days, thanking me for supporting
the proposition of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] and urging the appoint-
ment of such a commission as is proposed by
his bill. There are misunderstandings among
themselves, there are different, theories as to
what are the causes of the difficulties and trials
they are enduring, and theyaskthatintelligent,
high-minded men, not connected with anyfac-
tion or any party, may be authorized to bring
representative men of all sides before them and
hear their views as to the grievances of the labor-
ing classes and the remedies proposed.' Thus
they believe the commissioners may be able at
not a distant day in the life of the nation, at.
