1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
there has been any order to print the majority
report?
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
record as made up by the Journal clerk in
reference to this matter.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Poland, from the joint select Committee on
the Condition of Affairs in the late Insurrection-
ary States, submitted a report with accompanying
papers, which were ordered to be printed.
"Mr. Poland, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following concurrent resolution; which was read
and referred to the Committee on Printing."
Mr. BECK. Mr.'Speaker, have I the right
to say that in my judgment the Journal clerk
has made that entry without the order of the
House? No vote was taken ; no order given
for the purpose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs to correct
the gentleman; and he himself will see the
injustice of his position. A motion of that
kind is so much a matter of course that when
the Chair puts it (with some rapidity, per-
haps,) it is scarcely noticed. When a report
is made from a committee, the order to'print
the report is generally made so quickly, and
so seldom objected to, that probably not one
member in fifty notices it. In this particu-
lar case, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beok] being engaged at the moment in pre-
paring his own report for presentation would
uot be so apt to have as intelligent recollec-
tion of the matter as the Chair. The Chair
distinctly recollects making the order.
Mr. BECK. I do not wish to dispute the
statement of the Chair; but I want to say in
justice to myself that I was watching with
great care and failed to observe the making
of any such order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will observe
further that the introduction of the proposi-
tion to print extra copies would, according to
the sequence of business in the House, follow
naturally the ordering of the usual number.
So that all the practice and precedents of the
lIout,e concur m pointing to the conclusion
that the action of the House was precisely
what the Journal states it to have been. The
pending motion, as the Chair understands the
gentleman from NewYork, [Mr. Cox,] is that
the rules be so suspended as to allow the
minuiity of the committee to present their
repoit, and have it printed in connection with,
and in the same number as, the report of the
majority.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I rise to a par-
liamentary inquiry. Is it competent for the
House to make, even under a suspension of
the rales, an order which shall authorize scur-
rilous or unparliamentary language to be intro-
duced into a report and presented to the
House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows nothing
in violation of the rules which cannot be
authorized by a two-thirds vote.
As many as are in favor of suspending the
rules and allowing the views of the minority to
be printed with the report of the majority, and
directing that the printing of extra copies of
the views of the minority be considered in
connection with the printing of extra copies
of the majority report 
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Every time the Chair is
interrupted in stating the question it becomes
necessary for him to state it again. The Chair
hopes that the present statement of the ques-
tion will be all that he will be called upon to
make.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] consents, as I under-
stand, to withdraw his motion, in order that I
may make a statement.
The SPEAKER. It is for the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Poland] to say whether
he will yield the floor for that purpose.
Mr. DICKEY, if the motion to suspend
the rules be withdrawn there will be nothing
before the House.
Mr. POLAND. I ask that the objection to
the reception of this minority report may be
withdrawn.
Mr. STEVENSON. That is what I want
to say.
The SPEAKER. Is there still objection to
the reception of the report of the minority ?
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
Mr. STEVENSON. The minority cannot
report without reporting matter disagreeable
to the majority.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is not the motion
to print debatable?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] will observe that the
pending motion is a motion to suspend the
rules, and is absolutely undebatable except
by unanimous consent, and several members
object to debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understood that
motion was withdrawn.
Mr. COX. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. The ponding question is
on the motion to suspend the rules so that the
views of the minority be received and printed
in connection with the majority report, and
that the resolution for printing extra copies
shall take cognizance of the views of the
minority as well the report of the committee.
The question being taken on the motion, there
were—ayes 88, noes 62.
Mr. McHENRY. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative, two thirds not having Toted
in the affirmative—yeas 130, nays 07, not
voting 43 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams. Arthur. Barnum,
Beatty, Beck, Bel], Biggs, Bird. Austin Blair. James
G.Blair, Braxton, George M. Brooks, James Brooks,
Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Coburn, Coghlan, Com-
ingo, Conger, Cotton. Cox, Crobs, Critcher, Cross-
land, Davis, Dawes, Box, DnBose, Duke, Eldredge,
Farnsworth, Farwell, Fmkelnburg, Forker, Charles
Foster, Garfield, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith,
Haldeman, Hale, Hambleton, Hancock, Handley,
Hanks, Harmer, Harper, John T.Harris, Hay, Here-
ford, Herndon, Hibbard, Holman, Kendall, Kerr,
Ketcham, King, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Lowo,
Lynch, Manson, Marshall, Maynard, McClelland,
McCormick, McHenry, Mclntyre, McKinney, Mc-
Neely, Merriam, Merrick, Benjamin I1. Meyeis,
Moore, Morgan, Niblaek, Packard, Packer, Hosea
W. Parker, Eli Perry, Peters, Poland, Potter, Price,
Read, Edward Y. Riee, Ellis H. Roberts, William
R. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers, Sargent, Seofield,
Sheldon, Sherwood. Shober, Shoemaker, Slater,
Slocum, Sloss, John A. Smith, II. Milton Speer,
Thomas J. Speer, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm,
Stoughton, Sutherland,Swann.Tatfe,Terry, Thomas,
Turner, Tuthill, Vail Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees,
AVaddell, Wells, W tiiteley, Whitthorne, Willard,
Williams of New York, John T. Wilson, "Winches-
ter Wood, and Young—130.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Banks, Barbor,
Barry, Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham, Buckley, Buffin-
tou.Burohard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, William
T. Clarke, Creely, Crocker, Darrall, Dickey, Don-
nan, Duel!, Bunnell, Eames, George E. Harris, llaw-
ley. Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John V/. Hazelton,
Hoar, Hooper, Houghton,' Kelley, Kellogg, Itil-
linger, McCrary, McGrew, McJunkin, MeKee, Mer-
eur, Monroe. Negley, Orr, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker,
Peck, Perce, Aaron E.Perry, Porter.Prindle.Rainey,
Rusk, Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger, 11.
Boardman Smith, Starkweather. Stowell, Sypher,
Washington Townsend, Twicliell, Tyner, Upson,
Walden, Wallace, Wheeler, Williams of Indiana, and
Jeremiah M. Wilson—67.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Boles,
Bright, Roderick R. Butler, Freeman Clarke, Cobb,
Conner, De Large, Elliott, Ely, Henry D. Foster,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Goodrich, Halsey. Havens,
Hill, Kinsella, Lamport, Lansing, Mitchell, Morey,
Morphis, Leonard Myers, Pendleton, Piatt. Randall,
John M. Rice. Ritchie, Roosevelt, Seeley.Worthing-
ton C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Sprague, Strong, St.
John. Dwight Townsond.Wakeman, Waldron, Walls,
and Warren—43.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
During the vote,
Mr. ADAMS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Rice, was detained from the House b.v sick-
ness, and if present, would vote in the affirm-
ative.
The SPEAKER said: As there has been
some dispute as to what the precise question
is, the Chair will direct it to be read as it has
been journalized.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Mr. Beok having proposed to submit the views
of the minority of said committee, and objection
being made thereto,
"Mr. Cox moved the rules be suspended so as U>
enable the House to receive and printthesaid views,
and include the minority views in the order of ref-
erence for printing extra copies of said report."
Mr. COX. Strike out the word "said."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I did not under-
stand the motion was to receive and print the
"said" views.
Mr. COX. Neither did I.
The SPEAKER. Some criticisms having
been made upon the Chair for the manner in
which he put the question, the Chair will say
he understood the remarks of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] to imply reference-
to the report of the minority which had been
presented.
Mr. COX. Not to the report presented,
but to make a minority report.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Myunderstand-
ing was that they should submit the views of
the minority, and therefore I should like to
have the word "said" stricken out.
The SPEAKER. The views of a minority
are hardly ever objected to unless there is
something offensive in them; and therefore
the motion was made to suspend the rules to
bring in this minority report.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There was no
word used in the resolution or the motion that
connected it with that very report in that very
form.
The SPEAKER. There having been a dis-
pute as to the fact, the Chair directed the
motion to be read as it had been journalized,
and this is only another instance going to
show motions of such magnitude should always
be reduced to writing.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. BANKS. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and move that the rules be suspended if
there be objection:
Resolved, That the report of the minority of the
Committee on the Insurrectionary States be received
and printed wuh the majority report, provided the
language of the report is not in violation ot the rules
of the House.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Who will decide that ?
Mr. COX, Of course the majority are to
make both reports.
Mr. McKINNEY. Is it in order for the
majority to make not only their own report
but the report of the minority?
The resolution was again read.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, Is the Public Printer
to answer that question?
Mr. BANKS. I will say, in answer to the
gentleman's question, that without determin-
ing what is parliamentary or not the House by
this resolution adopts a course which does not
commit it to anything that is in violation of
the rules of the House.
The question was on suspending the rules;
and being taken, it was agreed to, (two thirds
voting in favor thereof.)
So the rules were suspended, and the resolu-
tion of Mr. Banks was adopted.
Mr. POLAND, from the select Committee
on the Insurrectionary States, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 1648) to extend the provisions of
the fourth section of the act approved 20th
April, 1871; whieh was read a first and sec-
ond time, recommitted to the same committee,
and ordered to be printed.
preemptions in minnesota.
Mr. DUNNELL, by ununimous consent,
reported back from the Committee on the
Public Lands, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 804) to extend
the time of payment for their land by persons
holding preemptions on the public lands in the
State of Minnesota, and moved that the rules
be suspended and the bill passed.
The bill was read, it provides that all per-
sons holding preemptions upon any of the
public lands of the United Slates within the
