1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38H
the Chair his attention, that yesterday, where
there was a difference between the two Houses
and a conference committee asked on the bill
to further the administration of justice, the
Senator stated:
"There is one subject which ought to be consid-
ered inconncetion with that bill, and it is contained
in a bill which has been referred to our committee
touching the holding: of special sessions of the cir-
cuit courts of the United States, which properly
belongs in that bill, and I had framed an amend-
ment on that subject. Perhaps by calling attention
to it now, as it is on the same subject, the Senate
would not think that the committee of oonferenco
hail transcended its duties by incorporating it."
The House, it appears, if the Senator from
Minnesota has correctly stated its action, as
the Chair supposes he has, adopted (that idea
of unanimously changing a proposition so that
there should be notice given of it to the confer-
ence committee. The Chair does not know
whether that would bear on this particular
point; but he would like to have the Senate
themselves decide the question whether, even
with that notice by either branch of new mat-
ter to be incorporated and the text to be
changed, it would justify the conference com-
mittee in so changing the text.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not precisely aware
of the object of the Chair in reading that clause
of what I said yesterday. If it was in the way
■ of argument to show that anything I have said
this morning was inconsistent with that, then I
respectfully dissent from the opinion of the
Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair cer-
tainly did not read it with that view. He quali-
fied his remarks to exclude any such conclusion.
It was whether either branch, by giving notice
previously to the conference, could add new
matter or change matter which had been in-
cluded in the text; and the Chair stated that, as
the Senate had ruled differently on this ques-
tion, he would like to have the ruling of the
Senator himself as to the power of the confer-
ence committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What I said yesterday—
as it seems that my views are on trial and not
the main question just nuw, I must stand up
in my own defense—was calling the attention
of the Senate, when we were agreeing to the
appointment of a conference, to the fact that
there was one provision which, as the Senator
fiom Wisconsin stated, was perfectly germane
to the amendments, and which he thought
might come in without any attention being
called to it, and I, understanding this rule,
and wishing even then (that going pretty near
its limit) to have the Senate advised m ad-
vance of what might be brought into the con-
sideration of the conference, stated what I did.
I did not maintain, and 1 hope I never shall,
that a conference committee can make any
change in the text of any bill agreed to by
both Houses, or that either House can, with-
out the unanimous consent of the other. Of
course unanimous consent here in this case
would do it; but I respectfully submit to the
Chair that the remarks I submitted yesterday
• have no tendency to show that the proposition
just now before us is one which ought to be
maintained.
Mr. POMEROY. Would it be in order to
recommit this report to the committee of
conference before we decide this question of
order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would not,
pending the question of order. That lias pri-
ority of all other matters; and by recommit-
ting the report the Senate recieves it. The
Senator from Vermont makes the point of
order that it ought not to be received.
Mr." POMEROY. I think if the Senator
will withdraw that, I would move to recommit
the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That comes to exactly
the same question; it not being received it is
left in the hands of the committee to adjust it
on parliamentary principles, and I do not
wish to embarrass the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired.
Mr. WINDOM. I beg the consent of the
Senate to let us proceed for a few minutes till
we dispose of this report.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The labor com-
mission bill is before the Senate, on which the
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Sawtkr]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. WINDOM. I appeal to the Senator
from South Carolina to let us finish this ap-
propriation bill. It may have to go to a com-
mittee of conference again.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask unanimous consent,
pending this discussion, to introduce a bill for
reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
first recognize the Senator from South Caro-
lina, and he will state to whom he yields if to
anyone.
Mr. SAWYER. I decline to yield except
by vote of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose the Senator
will not decline to allow abill to be introduced.
Mr. SAWYER. I will yield for that pur-
pose, but not for any motion to go into execu-
tive session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it must be
done by unanimous consent. The Senator
from South Carolina states that he will yield
to allow bills to be introduced, but not for a
motion to be made to gointo executive session.
However, if the Senator from Pennsylvania
obtains the floor, the Chair cannot prevent
him making that motion, which is one of high
privilege.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1159) to relievo the legal and political
disabilities of George S. Houston, of Lime-
stone county, in the State of Alabama; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 11G0) to permit the importation, free of
duty, of certain targets and appurtenances for
the National Rifle 'Association; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I give notice
that I hope to find the business of the Senate
to-morrow in such a condition as to permit
me to call up Senate bill No. 693, and the
amendment which T propose to it, in relation
to land grants to colleges. [ trust it will take
but a short time to consider it.
REPORTS OE COMMITTEES.
Mr. CAMERON. I am directed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations to report 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina yielded only for the
introduction of bills.
Mr. CAMERON. This is to introduce a
bill from the House and from a committee.
[Laughter.] Iam instructed to report back
House bill No. 2708, relative to the centennial
international exhibition to bo held in the city
of Philadelphia, State of Pennsylvania, in the
year 1876. The committee make a favorable
"report, and direct me to ask immediate action.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania desires to report a bill
from the Committee on Foreign Relations
instead of introducing one himself.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not understand the
Senator.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He desires to
report a bill in regard to the centennial com-
mission from the Committee on Foreign lie'
lations, instead of introducing one himself.
It will be reported; but the Senator from
South Carolina does not yield for its present
consideration.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to make a report.
Mr. SAWYER. I have no objection to
yielding for morning business) but I have a
decided objection to yielding again on this
bill, which has been before the Senate so long,
for the passage of any other bill whatever.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
yields for everything excepting the present
consideration of the Senate for the passage
of any bill. The Senator from Pennsylvania
can make his report, but cannot ask consent
for the passage of the bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I make the report then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. CAMERON. I will move to take it up
very soon.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 675) for the relief of Seth M. Whit-
ten, late private of the fourth regiment of
Michigan cavalry, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the memorial
of the owners of the Printers' paper-mill, at
Lancaster, Pennsylvania, asking a rehearing
before the Committee on Printing of their case,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. WEST, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 755) for the relief of the former occu-
pants of the present military reservation at
Point San Jos6, in the city and county of San
Francisco, reported it without amendment.
"Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom were re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 732) amendatory of an
act entitled "An act to provide a government
for the District of Columbia ;" the bill (S.
No. 703) annulling all laws of the District of
Columbia imposing a license or tax as a requi-
site for the transaction of business with'any of
the Departments of the General Government;
and the bill (S. No. 930) authorizing the ex-
tension of the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany in the District of Columbia, reported
them adversely and moved their indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Alexander Henderson, praying to be
reimbursed for certain expenses incurred while
consul at Londonderry, Ireland, and disal-
lowed by the State Department, reported a
bill (S. No. 1158) for the relief of Alexander
Henderson; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
ORDER 01? BUSINESS.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I should like
to obtain an hour some evening for the dis-
position of business from the Committee on
Patents. I propose this evening.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator from Connec-
ticut allow me to make u suggestion? The
Commiitee on Territories have some quite im-
portant bills, though they are very short, and
they ought to be considered. I propose that
we set aside this evening for the Committee
on Patents and the Committee on Territories.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Very well,
let me begin at 'half past seven; I will not
take more than an hour probably.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut and the Senatorfrom Nevada
askfor an evening session, commencing at half
past seven o'clock this evening, for the con-
sideration of bills from the Committee on
Patents first, and afterward, if any time re-
