1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-175
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Texas Politics—Mr. Herndon.
Ho. of Reps.
candidates. He opens the campaign by the
following mild order:
Headquarters State op Texas,
Office Adjutant General and Chief Police,
Austin, August 9,1871.
To the end that there may be no disturbance or
intimidation at the registry of voters and about the
polls at the coming election, the following regula-
tions are established lor the government of the offi-
cers of the election and of peace officers, State
guards, and militia on duty, by order of the Gov-
ernor, at such registry and election.
1. AU persons coming to vote shall deposit their
ballots with the least possible delay, and after this
is done, they are forbidden under any pretext to
remain about the polls or at the county seat (unless
this is their residence) during the time of election,
but shall return to their homes and usual employ-
ments; and peace officers. State guards, or militia
on duty at the polls shall see that this regulation is
complied with.
2. AU persons are forbidden to shout, jeer at, or in
any way insult or annoy voters or candidates for
office during the registration and election, and peace
officers and State guards and militia on duty in any
county where such disturbances maybe attempted
are directed at once to arrest such persons and to
hold them, to be dealt with according to the provis-
ions of section eleven of tbe act entitled 44 An act to
provide for the mode and manner of conducting
elections, making returns, and for the protection and
purity of the ballot-box," approved August 15,1870.
3. All gathering, combination, or assembling of
persons in numbers at or near the county seat
during tbe time registration is being made or the
election is going on, and for the purpose of intim-
idating voters, is forbidden, and should any such
gathering, combination, or assembly take place in
any c«unty, it shall be presumed that the same is
for said purpose of intimidating voters, whatever
might be alleged by such persons as the pretext
thereof, and peace officers, State guard, and militia
on duty ia such county are directed to disperse
such persons: Provided, however, That in this regu-
lation it is not intended to interfere with persons
peaceably and quietly* waiting at the registration
office or at the polls for their turn to register or vote.
4. All sale, barter, or giving away of liquor or
intoxicating drinks at the county seat, or within
two miles of it, during the time the election is
going on, either during day or night, is strictly
forbidden by said act, approved August J5, 1870,
and peace officers, State guard, and militia are
directed to arrest persons violating this regulation,
and to hold them to be dealt with according to
Jaw, and are further directed to close all estab-
lishments where such liquors or drinks are sold,
bartered, or given away.
5. The carrying of fire-arms or deadly weapons of
any description, unless by peace officers, State guard,
or militia, on duty as such by orders from the Gov-
ernor, is expressly forbidden, and all persons vio-
lating this regulation must be arrested and dealt
with according to law provided in such case.
6. The Governor, a<s provided by said act, approved
August 15, 1870. section fifty-two, hereby assumes
command for and during the election of all peace
officers in the State, including sheriffs and their
deputies, and city or town police or marshals and
their deputies, and those officers are hereby directed,
to place themselves under the direction of the offi-
cer designated or to be designated by the Governor,
as set forth in circular orders from his headquarters,
and to aid him in enforcing these regulations and
the laws of this State and the United States gov-
emins elections.EDMirai) J. DAVIS. Governor.
Official: JAMES DAVIDSON, .
Adjutant General and Chief of Police of Texas.
And see the effect of this warlike measure,
how the people love the Executive for such
acts, when at a great mass meeting held in the
city of Houston soon after, without distinc-
tion of race and almost without party, the
thousands of freemen present adopted the fol-
lowing resolutions in reply:
" 1. That we are in favor of constitutional liberty
and the rights of man.
*'2. That we are peaceably disposed, and will not
countenance lawlessness and crime. 4
" 3. That we do hereby pledge our lives, our honor,
and all tbat we hold dear, to the maintenance of the
laws and the support of the constituted authorities
in the execution of the powers delegated to them by
the constitution and the laws.
"4 That at tho same time we will denounce
oppression, usurpation, and tyranny in whatever
form it appears. „ ~ ,,, ,
"5 That the proclamation of Governor Edmund
J. Davis, st> led an election order, is an express vio-
lation of the chartered rights of the people, and
without constitutional sanction, and is not entitled
to our respect as a law ol the land, as arule for our
aC"6.nThat we regard said order as a cunningly de-
vised schcme to prevent a iiiir election, and a plot
against the riirhtb and liberties of the people under
the specious pretext of guarding the purity ot tne
ballot-box.
"7. That we will absolutely ignore the existence
of said order, and conduct ourselves during the
registration and election as though said order had
never been issued.
"8. That we contemplate no armed resistance to
any man or set of men acting under color of author-
ity, but we stand upon the defensive, and if any
man is disturbed in the exercise of his constitutional
rights, we pledge ourselves to each other that our
means and united exertions shall be used to protect
him and secure for him redress.
" 9. That Edmund J. Davis, the Governor of this
State, has by his official acts forfeited all respect
from the people, and we now view him as an unprin-
cipled partisan, regard him as a usurper, and de-
spise him as a petty tyrant.
"The reading of the resolutions by Judge Gold-
thwaite was received with loud applause, and they
were adopted with great enthusiasm."
But it is said by the same honorable gentle-
man, in his speech of 7th of March, that the
"general legislation of the Republican Legis-
lature of Texas is not complained, of, except
that which encourages the construction of rail-
roads by a bonus of State bonds, under which
a prospective debt has been created."
" Not complained of!" Read the tone of the
reply to the above military order. How does
this sound when the fact is so well known that
the people became so much alarmed in 1870 for
local self-government, for property, liberty,
happiness, and social order, all of which for the
time seemed to be subverted and overthrown ;
when laws were rapidly passed, witli a large
number of State senators under arrest, who
dared resist such revolutionary action abridg-
ing the rights of the people, and concentrating
unconstitutional powers in the hands of the
Governor, that a petition was framed by the
most distinguished men of the State, without
regard to party; by such men as Hamilton,
Pease, Haynes, Spencer, Epperson, Throck-
morton, Pickett, and others, praying Congress
to " guaranty to the people of this State a
republican form, of government ?"
"Not complained of I" Mow truthful the
remark, when met by the great "tax-pay-
ers' convention," composed of over two hun-
dred and fifty delegates from ninety-four of
the most populous counties of the State, who
met last September, in Austin, without dis-
tinction of party, embracing, as it did, more
talent and wisdom than ever before assembled
together in that State. Their report is a model
for tyrants to study, but too long to be incor-
porated in these remarks. I can only quote
the report of one of the sub-committees ap-
pointed by that convention to report upon the
school-tax, composed of W. M. Welton, esq.,
Judge John Ireland, ex-Governor A. J. Ham-
ilton, ex-Governor J. W-. Throckmorton, ex-
Governor E. M. Pease, Senator M. C. Hamil-
ton, Judge J. T. Harcourt, and C. S. West,
esq. Read what they say:
To the Tax-payers of Texas:
Tour convention, which recently adjourned,among
other resolutions adopted one directing a committee
of seven to prepare an address to the people of the
State, advising them in what particular manner to
resist through the courts of the country the payment
of the school-house and such other taxes as may be
deemed illegal. .
The convention, by resolution, declared (having
first taken legal adyice) that the order for the col-
lection of one per cent, ad valorem lor the building
of school-houses, <&e., under the fifth section of the
act, entitled "An act to organize and maintain a
system of rmblie free schools in tne State of Texas,"
laws of 1871, page 57, is illegal and void, and the
people are advised not to pay one eighth of one per
cent, for the above mentioned purpose, authorized
and levied by the eighth section of ail act entitled
"An act to give effect to^ the several provisions of
the constitution concerning taxes." Laws of 1871,
Pafif discharge of the duty involved on us in the
premises, we say to you: .
I. The one per cent, ad valorem authorized by
section five of the act aforesaid, is illegal and void,
and cannot, if the laws of the State be enforced, be
collected from the tax-payers of the State for three
reasons: , „
1. The law itself is fatally defective, because it
failed to name the property on which the one per
cent, ad valorem tax is to be levied. . , . ,
2. The law is fatally defective in that it delegates
to the directors of the school districts the power to
levy taxes on the people—a power which cannot he
delegated by the Legislature to said directors.
3 The said section five is supplied by the eighth
section, and repealed, or put in abeyance, by section
thirty-two of tbe aet last mentioned.
XI. There can be no question but what there is a
direct conflict between section five and section eight
of the two acts. They both have the same purpose
in view, namely, to raise a fund to build school-
houses, &c. Section five levies one per cent.; section
eight levies one eighth of one per cent. The act of
which section five is a part is thejuniorlaw; the two
sections cannot be harmonized, the one or the.other
must fall.
III. The junior act is published as having been
on the 22d of April, 1871; the senior law (school
law) as approved on the 24th of April, 1871. The
publication of said act3 is a well-established
fraud, deliberately perpetrated by Governor Davis.
The journal of the senate show that when he ap-
proved the school law, namely, 24th of April, 1871, it
had then been a law for seven days belore the tax
law was presented to him for his approval. The
facts and circumstances surrounding the approval
of these laws show that the Governor, without au-
thority and without right, sought to change them in
their votes, without reference to each other, and to
make the junior law take the place of the senior.
We believe if an effort is made to collect this
one per cent, tax, that on application to any honest
judge for an injunction, setting up the objection to
the enforcement of said section five as part of the
law of the State, an injunction will be granted, and
the sheriff or collector of taxes restrained from fur-
ther action until the question is judicially determ-
ined; and we further believe that such injunction,
if granted, will be perpetuated by the highest courts
of the country.
We therefore advise the people to have resort to
the courts of the country for relief by injunction
against the collection of the one per cent, tax named.
The bill for injunction should seek to enjoin the
sheriff from the execution of a law that is null, void,
and inoperative.
The special facts which show the bad faith and
fraud of the Governor, as well as the further fact
that section five of the school lawis supplied by the
eighth section of the tax law, and repealed by sec-
tion thirty-two, will all be seen by a reference to
and comparison of pages 748 and 847, senate journal
of 1871, and the two acts before referred to by cap-
tion, and as published in the laws of 1871.
WILLIAM M. WALTON.
Chairman Committee of tieven.
Here it is charged and proved by the records
that the Governor committed the most gross
and willful frauds upon the coun.lry, by which
he attempts to fraudulently wring over two
million dollars of taxes from the people.
And two of his own appointed judges, before
whom this question has come, have decided
with the report of the committee, for which
they are being denounced in the most flagrant
and vituperative manner by his party. Not-
withstanding these fierce rebukes, still the Ex-
ecutive is struggling to collect this fraudulent
and oppressive tax.
"Not complained of I" Read tbe reply of
the comptroller of the State, A. Bledsoe, to
questions by Hon. Johx Hancock, 24th June,
1871:
Amount of taxes assessed for the year 1860 :
Ad valorem 
Occupation  ww H
Poll-tax      2<,(40 00
Total - $424,798 27
Amount expended same year $710,724 77
Amount assessed for the year 1867:
Ad valorem §224,507 61 .
Poll-tax  9c,895 00
Ineome and salary  oo
Total   $3-11,208 36
Amount collected on
Amount expended  ou
The assessment of taxes for the current year it is
estimated will reach 25,837.953 88?.
The rate of taxation in 1860 was twelve and a halt
cents per $100; in 1867 U was fifteen cents perfclOO;
and in 1871 it is £2 25 per $100. .
The value of taxable property m the fetate was
FinnSroes  * .¥106,688,920
Other Sop'erty .  187,626.7®
For 1867 it     170,005,545
For 1871 it ilffi&ted at      259,464,617
Amount paid for arrest oi fugitives from jus nee in
18*"0   
For expired portion of 1871 916
Yours, respectfully, ^ BLBj)SOB, Comptroller.
