1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2915
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Clayton Conkling, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky,
Edmunds, Fenton, Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock,
Howe Logan, Nye, Osborn, Ransom, Robertson,
Sohurz, Stewart, Thurman. Tipton, and Wilson—22.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas are
26 and the nays are 26. The Chair votes
in the affirmative, and the amendment is
agreed to.
Mr. ALCORN. I move to amend the bill
by adding to the section in regard to the hours
of labor 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The House sec-
tion with the proviso stricken off was agreed to.
Mr. ALCORN. Now I propose, after the
section as it now stands amended by the Sen-
ate, to add:
Provided, That in all cases wherein the persons
described in the following section shall be found to
have performed la.bor at the rate of ten hours a day,
the workman, laborer, or mechanic who so worked
shall bave his or their wages correspondingly in-
creased, and shall be so paid.
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to
the fact upon the statement of the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] that at the
time the eight-hour law went into operation
the officers in charge of the Government works
informed the workmen and laborers that if
they worked longer than eight hours they
should be paid for it, and many of them worked
ten hours during the day and received a day's
pay therefor. The law of Congress on the sub-
ject of this eight-hour system I propose to
read in order to show the justice of my amend-
ment:
"All persons shall receive per diem compensation
for the time during which they were actually en-
gaged."
This was the law of Congress, and underthis
law there were workmen who performed ten
hours' labor and received compensation. Now
the amendment that has been adopted by the
Senate provides that those who worked but
eight hours, those who refused to work ten
hours, but placed themselves upon the law of
Congress which fixed eight hours as a day's
work, shall have as much pay as the men who
worked ten hours. Now, I propose to follow
up that legislation to its legitimate consequence,
and if a man who worked eight hours is enti-
tled to pay for ten hours, the man who worked
ten hours is certainly entitled to extra pay for
two hours extra,
Mr. COLE. I suggest that that would make
it unequal.
Mr. ALCORN. Then the inequality exists
now against the man who worked ten hours.
The inequality exists against him. I know it
is not equal; but when compensation is made
to a workman who worked eight hours a day
for two hours' labor that he did not perform, is
there any inequality in giving the man who
worked ten hours pay for two hours that he did
not perform? I wish that those men who worked
ten hours shall not be rebuked by Congress
in the legislation that has now been adopted
upon this bill, and that they shall not have it
said to them, "Your labor has been appro-
priated by the Government, and you have not
been compensated for it; you have worked two
hours that the Government takes and appro-
priates without giving you any compensation
other than that which was stipulated in the
law, while we have given the same pay to the
man who worked but eight hours." It is un-
just to the enterprising laboring man who chose
to devote ten hours of muscle and sweat in
the service of the Government, and, without
saying anything against the law giving the eight
hour mail the pay for ten hours' work, I speak
for the man who worked ten hours, and I say
that he should not be thus rebuked for his
enterprise, his industry, and his toil.
Mr. COLE. I hope this amendment will
not be adopted. The eight-hour law removed
all obligation upon any person laboring for the
Government to continue his labor beyond that
time, because he was entitled to receive a full
day's wages for his day's work of eight hours.
It may have happened that some persons
worked longer than eight hours; and some
may have worked eleven hours ortwelve hours
or even a larger number of hours, and we
should find ourselves in the dilemma of being
obliged to pay each man throughout the coun-
try who two years ago, ill the past, was in the
employment of the Government, for odd hours
that he may have been employed. I suggest
to my friend that in some cases persons may
have wrought for twelve hours, and his amend-
ment would not meet that emergency; in other
cases eleven hours, and his amendment would
not reach them.
I suggest that in accordance with the law
which he read it is sufficient and all-sufficient
to pay for the day's labor of eight hours, of
which a party might avail himself, and where
he was not under any obligation to labor longer.
If he did labor for an hour or two hours be-
yond, it was certainly gratuitous. We have
gone to the full extent of doing justice to the
laboring men in providing that ihey shall re-
ceive'full wages for eight hours' labor, and
that is already provided for in this bill, and
there can be no necessity for going further
than that. I hope the amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. ALCORN. One word in reply. As to
the sequences 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The rule under which we
are acting allows a Senator to speak but five
minutes.
Mr. ALCORN. I will not speak half of five
minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
has already spoken five minutes.
Mr. ALCORN. Five minutes at onetime.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
does not understand that a Senator can speak
repeatedly, five minutes each time.
Mr. ALCORN. I submit to the ruling of
the Chair; but just there I would ask the
question whether when I have spoken once
five minutes on any question I am precluded
from again appearing on the floor. If that is
the ruling, I will submit, of course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the rule. The Chair prefers
that the Senator shall be satisfied.
Mr. ALCORN. I am entirely willing that
the Chair should decide what the rule is, and
I will submit to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks there is no doubt about it. The rule
is that "during the present session it shall
be in order at any time to move a recess ;
and, pending an appropriation bill, to move
to confine debate on amendments thereto to
five minutes by any Senator on the pending
motion."
Mr. ALCORN. I then move to strikeout
the last word in my amendment, and upon that
I will speak briefly with the consent of the
Chair, if I have a right to make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has the right to make that motion.
Mr. ALCORN. And to speak on it. I
merely want to make one single point. I am
not responsible for the sequences or results
of this legislation. The law declared that
"all persons shall receive a per diem com-
pensation for the time during which they were
actually engaged."
Under this some workmen chose to work
eight hours, others chose to work ten hours,
and were so paid. Now we give the man who
worked eight hours pay for ten hours, which
is simply practically to increase the wages or
pay that he received. I propose to give the
man who worked ten hours the same enlarg-
ment of compensation, to increase his pay, not
exactly in the same ratio, but in a ratio equal
to the proportion of two hours to ten, and
that is all. 1 speak not of anything that
has been done for the eight-hour men ; I am
content with that; but 1 speak for the ten-
hour men, whose labor and muscle you have
had for two hours without any compensation.
Mr. WEST. I rise to a question of informa-
tion and perhaps somewhat of order. The
five-minutes rule was applied by the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations to the
motion to adopt the Morrill amendment, so
called. If I understand the language of this
new rule that has been adopted by the Senate,
it requires the same motion to be made on
every pending motion.
Mr. CONKLtNG. Oh, no.
Mr. WEST. Then what do the words " on
the pending motion " mean ?
Mr. COLE. The motion under considera-
tion at any particular time.
Mr. WEST. Is not this a new motion?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. A new mo-
tion is now pending. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi moves to strike out the last word of
his amendment.
Mr. ALCORN. I ask leave to withdraw that.
I intended to do so before I took my seat.
Mr. WES T. As I was not here at the.final
adoption ot this rule yesterday, I merely wanted
to get at the constiuction of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. That very question was
suggested yesterday in the debate. Several
Senators, the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Hamilton] especially, inquired whether the
rule did not mean that one motion would in
advance confine debate on all future amend-
ments, and the Chair answered that it would
have that effect, and so the resolution undoubt-
edly, as we all understood, meant and was
adopted in that sense.
Mr. WEST. 1 beg pardon for interrupting,
then—for interposing.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Secretary to
read the resolution. I did not hear any such
debate yesterday, or rather it escaped my
attention. I think that is rather a novel view
to take of such a resolution.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution adopt-
ed yesterday, as follows:
"Resolved, Thatduring the present session it shall
be in order at any time to move a recess; and, pend-
ing an appropriation bill, to move to confine de-
bate on amendments thereto to five minutes by any
Senator on the pending motion : and such motions
shall be decided without debate. And no amend-
ment to any such bill making legislative provisions
other than such as directly relate to the appropria-
tions contained in the bill shall be received."
Mr. CASSERLZ. I agree that that is the
proper construction of the resolution. I did not
understand it exactly as it seems to have been
passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Mississippi [Mr. Ajxjorn] to the
second section of the bill.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Veimont. There was
an amendment, of which I gave notice to the
chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, for lighting the Capitol grounds. I
offer that amendment now, to insert on page
28, after line six hundred and sixty:
For additional lamps and serviee-pipe in the east
and west parks, Capitol grounds, $4,000,
I will say that there is absolute necessity for
this. It may be that our police are remiss in
doing their duty; but at any rate, the portion of
these grounds that are unlighted are subject to
night-walkers, and I take it there will be no
objection on the part of either House to hav-
ing an appropriation made so that these walks
shall be properly lighted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I offer the following
amendment:
After line five hundred and eighty-three, on page
35, insert:
So much as may be required for the payment ot
expenses incurred bv order of the Secretary of the
Interior in the investigation of certain charges ot
fraud in the payment of bounties and back pay to
the members of the first, second, and third regiments
of Indian home guards, $2,000.
I will simply state that the authorities of the
Cherokee and Creek Indians made complaints
of fraud against an agent appointed by the
Secretary of the Interior to investigate the
