176
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 28,
Ho. of Reps.
Texas Politics—Mr. Herndon.
42d Cong.,..2d Sess.
Analyze and compare the difference in tax-
ation in the years 1860 and 1867, under Dem-
ocratic rule, with that of 1871, under carpet-
bag rule, and note particularly the amount
of taxable property each year. The taxable
property in 1860 was $294,215,689, with twelve
and a half cents on the $100; in 1867, $170,-
005,545 of taxable property, with fifteen cents
on the $100, and in 1871, $259,464,617 of
taxable property, with a tax of $2 25 on the
$100, Look at the difference; that of 1871
eighteen times greater than 1860, and fifteen
times greater than 1867. The total amount of
taxes collected in 1860, $454,805 27, and total
amount paid out, $710,724 77. Total amount
collected in 1867, $448,325 43, and total ex-
pended, $470,678 80. The assessment made
for 1871 amounts to $5,887,953 88J, and it is
not yet known how much has been collected ;
but the same authority, in a letter to Hon.
John Hancock and W. C. Wilter, esq., of
22d November, 1871, says:
"At this date it is impossible to estimate with any
degree of accuracy the deficiency for the fiscal year
ending August 31,1872. It is safe however, to say
that it will not be less than $1,500,000."
Again he says in the same connection :
Exclusive of such contingent debt, (meaning the
twelve million of railroad bonds,) it is safer to say
that at the close of the present fiscal year the out-
standing debt of the State, represented by treasury
warrants and bonds of the State, will not be less than
$3,000,000, exclusive of the action had at tlie present
sitting of the Legislature."
A deficiency of $1,500,000 after all other
oppressions. The $12,000,000 money donation
to railroads and the $3,000,000 of the other
debt make a debt so far as ascertained of
$15,000,000. Add to this the taxes of the
present fiscal year, which is a debt till paid, of
$5,887,953 88J ; and to this the supposed de-
ficiency of $1,500,000, and it will show the
State to have a debt of over $22,000,000 that
is now known, but there may be considerable
not yet brought to light,
u N~ot complained of /" Listen to what Sen-
ator Morgan C. Hamilton said last summer,
in a letter dated July 6,1871, begging a change
of policy, for which he was denounced by these
fanatics:
Republican8 of Texas :
"Let us pause in our headlong eourse and ascer-
tain, if possible, whither we are drifting. We are
yet in the first haif of the lour years' term for which
the chief magistrate was chosen under the new con-
stitution of the State, and find ourselves confronted
on all sides by the evidences of mismanagement of
public affairs and general discontent. How is this?
We took charge of the government under very favor-
able circumstances, having a large majority in both
houses of the Legislature, with scarcely any debt,
and nearly half a million dollars in the treasury.
"This is not the place to consider fully the causes
or the means of averting!,he penalties which menace
us. Some of the causes lie so openly upon the sur-
face that the blind may feel them, while others need
only to be named to command the a«sent of all who
are capable of tracing effect to causes. It is obvious
to all that the lamentable condition of public affairs
is largely due to the series of measures inaugurated
by the chief magistrate on his induction into office,
and which constitute what has been characterized
as the 'Governor's policy.' I allude to the protec-
tion of the frontier by State troops and at State
expense; the organization of a permanent State
military establishment, consisting of ' State guard,
reserve militia, and police force;' the act authoriz-
ing the Executive to fill offices by appointment, which
are elective under the constitution, known as the
'enabling act;' the printing bill; the registration
act; and finally, the scheme of prolonging the term
of the present Legislature to three years, when
elected for only two years under the constitution,
"These measures seem to have been considered
necessary to the perpetuation of the Republican
party in power, but they have well-nigh crushed
life out of it. They were in no sense demanded by
the exigencies of the public service. On the con-
trary, they have been positively mischievous, be-
sides being exceedingly expensive. Some of them
werecarried through the Legislature under the press-
ure of executive patronage and the appliances of
the caucus and party lash, and others by still more
questionable methods."
"Not complained, ofl" Let the last con-
gressional election, with twenty-five thousand
majority, over military orders, fraudulent regis-
tration in many cases, the police, with secret in-
structions, the throwing out of ballot-boxes for
the crime of Democratic majorities, the stand-
ing army with bayonets around each ballot-
box, and the Governor and his chief officers
canvassing for their favorities, tell to the world
what right can do over corruption and wrong.
"Not complained of I" Look at the Gov-
ernor of the State, with his attorney general
and secretary and many registers and judges
of election indicted in a United States court
for frauds and high crimes, with a Republican
judge of great purity and justice, a Republican
marshal, district attorney, and seventeen Re-
publican grand jurors out of" twenty! What a
humiliating spectacle does this present to the
world I And to-day, with fierce demoniac rage
may be seen the Executive and his copartners
in guilt, pursuing with malignity the officers and
jurors of that court, threatening them with
removal from office and the boon of imprison-
ment for performing their sworn duty. The
fierce wrath of an oppressed and outraged peo-
ple will soon bury forever in the waves of
oblivion the political hopes of this seditious
crew who have nearly dismantled the ship of
State, and are madly plunging her upon the
rocks of destruction.
But the same Senator, still pleading for gen-
eral amnesty, says :
" In the South, if you could find a Democrat who
was not a secessionist, they would not give him sta-
ble room. [Laughter.] They would have no use
for him for any purpose in the world. That is the
whole gist of the subject; therefore, my friend is in
that particular wrong." * * * * *
"!Now, Mr. President, what are the facts easily
illustrated? Jefferson Davis lives; as for A. H.
Stephens, the skeleton, there is no telling whether
he will ever die : you cannot probe him with any-
thing in any way, manner, or shape; there is noth-
ing but skin and bone, and as long as the Lord lets
it have breath you cannot reach it; he is not going
to die; he would come back here in fifteen minutes
if you would just pass a general bill. [Laughter.]
Now we must be vigilant, we must look to the inter-
ests of the American nation. Looking to the inter-
ests of the American nation, we are admonished
unmistakably that those men live, both Davis and
Stephens, and while they live, we must be vigilant;
we must look toward them, we must watch their
influences, and we must anticipate any action upon
their part."
How consistent with the whole plan of these
extremists, to hate and revile those whom they
have betrayed! I might bring the most indu-
bitable testimony from other sources to over-
whelm and blacken this charge that every Dem-
ocrat is a secessionist in the State of Texas
and the South ; but I find enough on the floor
of this House to repel the unjust attack. Have
my colleagues, Hons. John Hancock and
J. C. Conner, been given "stable room?"
And were they secessionists? Hancock was
a Union man ; refused to take the oath as a
legislator to the State of Texas and the con-
federate States on the 18th March, 1861, after
secession was carriedleft the State soon after,
and yet was elected as a Democrat over Baron
Degener by over five thousand majority. Even
the Germans marched over their countryman,
who indorsed the State administration to sup-
port him. And who is Conker? A Union man.
a soldier in the Union army during the war,
resigned his commission as captain in the
Army, and was elected as a Democrat to Con-
gress in 1869 by over two thousand majority,
and by the same party was returned to Con-
gress_ in 1871, over the ablest Radical in the
Administration party, by overthirteen thousand
majority.
But such malice is hard to satiate. Like the
foul bird of prey, it whets its filthy beak and
seeks again to open the wounds of the late
war, and stir up and fan into fury all the ani-
mosities and bitterness of the northern people
against the leaders of the rebellion. Watch
and anticipate every action of Jeff. Davis and
Alex. Stephens; "while tbey live we must be
vigilant," intimating that there is a secret un-
derstanding between the Democratic party
and these overthrown leaders which perils the
safety of the Republican party and the peace
of the nation. Oh, how secure are both that
neither can be safe while these powerless,
defeated, and inoffensive citizens live! What
an exalted opinion of the stability of the Re-
publican party and the power of the Govern -
ment! And yet he says, "Stephens will never
die; he is not going to die." How pitiful are
such insinuations; how barren and fruitless ;
how malignant and wicked ; how unchristian
to complain of the Almighty for permitting
this gifted statesman, but defeated foe, to live!
Oh, thou Haman, the great party whose his-
tory is interwoven with every solid ligament
of this great nation, and the fallen heroes
whose lives you seek, may yet live to see thee
rewarded for thine envy.
Mr. Speaker, I cannot discuss one half of
the evil legislation of Texas, and show its op-
pressions and tyrannies. It would require a
volume. My object was to show that the at-
tacks upon the Democratic party and the peo-
ple of my district were false, and that they
were made by a hopeless and irresponsible
minority; a mere handful of fanatics and ex-
tremists, who are building themselves up at
the expense of the property, happiness, and
freedom of the masses of the people. At
least nine tenths of the property and intelli-
gence of the State, composed of all parties, are
battling against the State administration, be-
cause it is despotic, reckless, and prodigal ;
because it is selfish, unjust, and the enemy of
the laboring men of the country; because it
has abridged their liberties and sought their
social ruin; because it has loaded the people
and their children with a heavy debt; because
it is using fraud and the people's money to
retain power to further oppress them ; because
it treats the people as enemies of the Statf,
and falsely accuses them of crime. This
party has had the whole State, with its vast
resources, at its mercy for three years, with
an overwhelming majority in the Legislature,
and is directly responsible for every wicked,
discriminating, unjust law enacted for the
consequences of all their military farces.
Every theft, robbery, and murder committed
by them under these despotic acts must be ac-
counted for by this party. This party has had
a wild, mad, plundering career; they have car-
ried themselves as masters instead of servants ;
the people have been submissive as serfs under
their galling shackles. Nothing has stood in
their way, neither age, sex, or condition. Old
customs and institutions held sacred have beeu
trampled under foot, the Constitution has been
used to cover schemes for retention of power
and for public plunder; selfish ambition has
ruled this factious mob. They have seized
the very Goddess of Liberty by the throat, and
with ruthless hands thrown her to the earth,
robbed her of her choicest jewels, torn her
beautiful garments from her and divided them
as lawful prey, and her lovely person, all striped
with the lash of tyrants, have they exposed
to the gaze of the world. This terrible and
humiliating condition of our State is the direct
result of putting ignorance to rule over intel-
ligence, vice over virtue, corruption over hon-
esty, the appointing power over the elective,
and in fact utterly reversing the moral, mental,
and physical order of things, and ignoring God
and the wisdom of all history.
The great body of the people are weary of
this state of things. They are tired of carpet-
bag government; they want peace and pros-
perity once more in the land ; they believe in
a destiny coequal with other States of the
Union ; they want local self-government, mu-
nicipal independence, freedom of thought and
action, and the largest scope for individual
merit and happiness. They are not extremists,
