2916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
payments which had been made of bounties
and pay for their home guards. The Secre-
tary appointed a commission to make inquiry
into the matter and report. This amendment
proposed to make an appropriation to pay the
expenses of that commission.
Sir. COLE. I do not know but that this is
in the nature of a private claim. I raise the
question.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I believe it is not
in the nature of a private claim. It is to liquid-
ate expenses incurred by the Secretary to
carry out a special object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not understand that this order was issued under
any law.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I understand that
the investigation was made under a law, and
this is for the expenses incurred in conse-
quence of the investigation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the law au-
thorized the investigation, this is not a private
claim. If the law did not authorize the invest-
igation, in the apprehension of the Chair it
is a private claim.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have here a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior
on the subject, which can be read.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
DEP 4HTHRNT OF THE INTERIOR,
Washington, D. C., April 25,1872.
Str: During the last fall and winter a commission,
authorized by this Department, was engaged in the
investigation ot certain charges made by the author-
ities of the Cherokee, Creek, and Seminole nations
against a former agent ot this Department m the
matter of the payment of bounties and back pay
duo tho members of the first, second, and third
regiuiotiis of Indian home guards.
In order to meet tho expenses of this commission
I havo the honor to submit the accompanying esti-
mate of appropriation, amounting to $2,OOU, and
respectfully request tho favorable action ot Congress
upon tho samo.
I am, sir. very respectfully, your obedient servant,
B. R. COWEN,
Acting Secretary.
Hon. James Harlan, Chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affair*, Senate of the United State*.
The VICE PRESIDENT._ This letter does
not state that the law authorizes the Secretary
of the Interior generally to investigate charges
in regard to Indian matters.
Mr. HARLAN. The law does confer that
authority.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If he has au-
thority of law to order investigations, it is for
Congress to decide how much or how little
shall be paid or not to pay at all; but it is not
a private claim if it is authorized by law. The
question is en agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. COLE. Is it reported from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. I have not had an opportunity
to examine it. No notice was given.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. After the word
"dollars," in line one hundred and sixty
two, page 8, 1 move to insert ''for this amount
(deficiency in the construction of the assay
office, Bois6City, Idaho Territory,) $2,092 05."
I will state that an appropriation was made
for that assay office, but in consequence of
the heavy bills for transportation the expense
has been rather more than the appropriation,
and this is a deficiency. The Secretary of the
Treasury asks that it may be put in the appro-
priation bill.
Mr. COLE. It is accompanied by a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury with
specific items, I remember distinctly.
Mr, BUCKINGHAM. I have the specific
items here.
Mr. COLE. It is not worth while to read
them. I have examined them carefully.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. I offer the following
amendment from the Committee on Contin-
gent Expenses:
On page 2, line thirty-six, after the word " appa-
ratus," insert "for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1871 i" so as to read: "for expenses of heating and
ventilating apparatus for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1871, $4,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. On page 3, after line forty-
five, I am instructed by the same committee
to move to insert " For clerks of committees,
pages, horses, and carryalls, $10,000." I will
state that there are not funds enough to meet
these payments which are due, and unless the
appropriation is made the pages and other
employes cannot be paid.
Mr. COLE. This is a deficiency bill pro-
viding for the present fiscal year.
Mr. WINDOM. This is for the present
fiscal year, a deficiency for this year.
Mr. COLE. I suppose the Committee on
Contingent Expenses have inquired carefully
into the amount of the deficiency. I have
not had time myself to look into it.
Mr. WINDOM. I will state that if the
Senate should adjourn by the 1st of June
this would be more than would be required;
but if it should remain in session until tlie
middle of June, as it is usual to pay for the
entire month, the whole amount would be
required.
Mr. COLE. Then I think we had better
appropriate a smaller amount, as I hope we
shall get off by the last of May. How much
will meet the expenses up to the 1st of June?
Can the Senator state that ?
Mr. WINDOM. I cannot tell the propor-
tion; about twenty-three hundred dollars I
am informed. I think the whole amount had
better be appropriated, because it will not bo
used unless we should remain in session.
The amendment was^ agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting the annual report
of the Board of Public Works of the District
of Columbia m regard to their transactions, 111
accordance with section thirty-seven of an
act to provide a government for the District
of Columbia, approved February 21, 1871 ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had concurred in
the resolution of the Senate tendering the
thanks of Congress to the Governor and
through him the people of the State of Con-
necticut (or the statues of Roger Sherman
and Jonathan Trumbull.
TEA AND COFFEE DUTIES.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
174, repealing the duty on tea and coffee.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that when this bill was previously considered
there was an amendment pending.
Mr. SCOTT. Those amendments were
moved in the morning hour. Do they come
up now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment pending when the subject passed over
comes up now.
Mr. SCOTT. I have an amendment to
offer when it is in order.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. When this bill
was last under consideration the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] moved an amendment
to it which will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out the word "and" in the third
line after the word "tea" and before the word
"coffee," and to insert the words "salt and
coal."
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that amendment
will be laid aside informally until the amend-
ments proposed by the committee to the bill
shall be considered.
Mr. CONKLING. Why not vote on the
amendment now ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. No amendment
as yet appears to have been offered by the
committee to this precise bill. There wa9 an
amendment to another bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania, I am told, is prepared to offer an
amendment to the bill which has the sanction
of the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection—the rights of the Senator from Illi-
nois will not be lost—the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will now offer an amendment in
regard to the time of the taking effect of
the bill, as the Chair understands.
Mr. SCOTT. Yes, sir. I propose in the
first line of the bill to strike out the word
"from " and insert the word " on," and in the
same line to strike out the words " passage of
this act" and insert " 1st day of July next,"
and at the end of the bill to add:
And all tea and coffee which may be in the public
stores or bonded warehouses on said 1st day ot July
shall be subject to no duty upon the entry thereof
for consumption ; and all tea and coffee remaining
in bonded warehouses on said 1st day of July, upon
which tho duties shall have been paid, shall be
entitled to a refund of the duties paid.
This makes the provision the same as w.aa
adopted in the previous bill, and I desire that
the amendment may be considered now as
offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To perfect the
bill the Senator from Pennsylvania proposes
the amendment which was offered by the Com-
mittee on Finance to the previous bill of the
same character.
Mr. STEVENSON. I should like to hear
the amendment reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] has now come
into the Chamber, and the Chair will state to
him that his amendment was passed over
informally that the Committee on Finance
might be enabled to offer an amendment
about the taking effect of the bill on the 1st
of July, which is now pending, and the Sena-
tor's amendment is reserved.
Mr. STEVENSON. Let the amendment be
read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the bill so as to make it read :
That on and after tho 1st day of July next tea
and coffee shall be placed on the tree list, and no
further import duties shall be collected upon the
same ; and all tea and coffee which may be in the
public stores or bonded warehouses on said 1st day
of July shall be subject to no duty upon the entry
thereof tor consumption; and all tea and coffee
remaining in bonded warehouses on said 1st day of
July, upon which the duties shall have been paid,
shall be entitled to a refund of the duties paid.
Mr. SCOTT. I claim the indulgence of the
Senate for not more than five minutes in offer-
ing this amendment.
When this bill was proposed to be called up
before, I believe I made the statement with-
out qualification that 1 hoped the bill would
be passed without amendment. At that time
I did not intend the statement to be as broad
as it was interpreted to be. I did mean that
no amendment should be adopted that added
any new subject to this bill, but the announce-
ment had been previously- made in the Senate
by the chairman of the Committee on Finance
which assured the business community that any
change that should be made on this subject
would not go into effect until the 1st day of
July next. I am satisfied myself that justice
requires that that should be a provision of the
bill, and I so intended when I made that state-
ment in the Senate, although there were many
persons pressing for the passage of the bill to
go into effect immediately.
I do not wish to detain the Senate, but I
