3812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
mains, for the Committee on Territories, what-
ever remains undisposed of at the close of the
evening to be returned to the Calendar. Is
there objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think we ought
to agree to that at this time.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to appeal to the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, and ask permission
to make a statement to him why I do so. The
bill reported by my colleague is a bill provid-
ing to incorporate a company to take charge
of the centennial exhibition at Philadelphia
for the purpose of raising the necessary funds.
The commission is sitting in Philadelphia at
this time. It is a bill in which I feel an inter-
est and I think one to which there will be
no objection ; and as I am compelled to be
absent from the Senate at the sessions of the
Finance Committee, I would ask him to con-
sent to let that bill be considered and passed.
I think there will be no objection to it.
Mr. SAWYER. There is a very simple
mode to get at the consideration of the bill,
and that is to lay the pending bill on the table.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the Senator from
South Carolina yield to me to test that ques-
tion in order to finish the appropriation bill?
Mr. SAWYER. Of course I have no choice
but to yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina yields to the Senator
from Minnesota, who moves to lay on the
table the labor commission bill for the pur-
pose of continuing the consideration of the
conference report on the Post Office appro-
priation bill.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not, debatable.
Mr. WILSON. Let that bill go over
informally.
Several Senators. We can take it up again.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
post office afpr0p1uati0n bill.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to proceed again
to the consideration of the conference report
on the Post Office appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
of order is submitted to the Senate whether
they will receive this report from the confer-
ence committee. If they refuse t,o receive it,
of course the conference committee must
again assemble.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Chair be good
enough to state to the Senate the matter upon
which the Senator from Vermont makes his
point, the alleged change in the text?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairwould
if he exactly knew the point of the Senator
from Vermont. The Senator can better state
it himself.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The point is that on the
first page of the House bill as agreed to by
the House and Senate together is an item for
the pay of postal railway clerks of $668,031.
The Senate agreed to it just as it came from
the House; and no amendment was agreed to
by the Senate which had any relation to that
branch of the subject. Now the conference
committee go back and change that text to
$950,000. I make the point of order that it
is not competent for the conference commit-
tee to do that thing.
Mr. CONKLING. After the bill went back
to the House, was there not action in the
House?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand the House
unanimously consented that their committee
of conference might make the change.
Mr. CONKLING. I think tbat introduces
rather a controlling element in the case. Al-
though the Senator would still be correct in
saying that technically it was not a disagreeing
vote, nevertheless if the House, by what must
have been unanimous consent, and so far the
action of the House, indicated to the confer-
ence committee that they expected them to
change that item or paragraph, I submit to
the Chair and to the Senator from Vermont
whether, though not in form a disagreeing
vote, it did not introduce a disturbance into
the bill which fairly committed the question
to the committee of conference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My answer to that is
that the House itself had no more power to
change the text of the bill by unanimous con-
sent or otherwise than they had to change the
law after it had been passed. That text of the
bill had passed, according to the distinct state-
ment of parliamentary law, from their juris-
diction, and therefore the House itself, sup-
posing there had been no conference agreed
to, and the bill had been returned with our
amendments without a conference, could not
have gone back and made this change by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. But does my friend
mean all that he says? Could not the House
add to the bill a provision which would have
enlarged the scope of this part of the text?
Certainly it could. My friend does not mean
that the House had not the power to add a
substantive provision, which would have
changed the effect of this particular text upon
which the two Houses had agreed; and there-
fore his reply becomes a question of the form
in which the House might do it. Very likely
both Houses having agreed, it would prevent
the House of Representatives changing that
identical language, but it would interpose no
objection, when we sent the bill back to the
House with amendments, to the House mak-
ing additional amendments or concurring in
our amendments with an amendment.
Mr. MORTON. 1 ask the Senator from
Vermont whether the House has made any
change in this bill ill any way except by agree-
ing to the conference report?
Mr. CONKLING. What is the Senator's
point?
Mr. MORTON. I ask if the House has
made any change in the bill except by agree-
ing to the conference report?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir, it has not.
Mr. MORTON. It amounts to this, then,
that a conference committee may report any-
thing, and if either House agrees to it, it then
becomes legitimate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what it seems to
amount to in the view of the House. The
House did not undertake by vote to change
the text of the bill, but the House by unani-
mous consent in some way authorized the
committee to do tbat thing.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Indi-
ana asks his question somewhat iu reply to
me, and therefore I beg to state to him what
he evidently does not accept as the point I
make. The proposition, as he states it, no-
body will maintain ; but this is it: the House
pass a bill and send it to us; we amend that
bill and send it back. There is a respect—if
there is only one that will illustrate it—in
which we did not amend it; and therefore the
two Houses have coincided upon the bill as it
stood in that respect; but the House of Rep-
resentatives, in place of attempting to change
(as the Senator from Vermont insists they
would not have a right to do) this text con-
curred in by the two Houses, informally make
a suggestion that they want additions made to
the bill or changes made which will enlarge
the effect of this particular legislation. Now,
I say that two questions arise : first, whether
this informal suggestion made in the House,
which must have been by unanimous consent,
amounts in effect to action upon that subject;
and second, the question is, as suggested by
the Senator from Vermont, whether that was
within the power of the House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Right there, if the Sen-
ator from New York will allow me, would not
the proper course have been when they made
this informal suggestion by unanimous consent
to have notified the Senate, and then it could
have been done ?
Mr. CONKLING. Very likelythat is so.
Mr. WINDOM. I think the Senator from
New York misapprehends this to some extent.
It was not, as 1 understand, an informal sug-
gestion. When the bill came back from the
House it was amended in the text in this way.
Whether they had the power to do it was
another question.
Mr. CONKLING. Amended how ?
Mr. WINDOM. Amended by unanimous
consent.
Mr. CONKLING. By adding to it?
Mr.WINDOM. By striking out "$698,031,"
and inserting '■ $950,000." The Senate non-
concurred in that.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I submit to the
Senator from Vermont that although there
may be room for another point of order, there
is no ground for his point of order. This is
manifestly a case of disagreeing votes, and
the Senator's point must go behind the dis-
agreeing votes and raise the question whether
the House had a right thus to disagree, hav-
ing previously acted upon this item. That is
the point. If that be the question to be sub
mitted to us, certainly we should understand
it, because it is a wholly different question.
I have no doubt of the power of the House, ■
as far as I am instructed, to change the effect
of this provision upon which the two Houses
had agreed, not by altering the text, perhaps,
as they did, but certainly by agreeing to the
amendments which we had with amendments,
one of which could change the effect of this.
Therefore the question degenerates to'a very
technical one. It reduces itself to a mere
question of form, namely, whether the House
in one of its disagreeing votes in the action
which it took adopted the proper mode of
doing it; or whether, had a point of order been
made in the House, the Chair would have
ruled that that was an improper way of doing
it. Whether that question can be raised here
in this way, I should very much doubt.
Mr. WINDOM. I will rsad from the memo-
randum sent by the House:
"By unanimous consent, lines seventeen and eight-
een of the original text were amended by strik-
ing out '4693,031,' and inserting in lieu thereof
'$950,000.'"
That came over from the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, 1 should like to
have the message from the House read which
accompanied that bill, and see if we were
informed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. At what time
was that done?
Mr. WINDO-M. Before the bill went to the
conference committee. After the bill went
from the Senate with these lines agreed to the
House by unanimous consent amended them.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Was it done
after the conference committee was asked by
the House ?
Mr. WINDOM. No ; before the conference
was asked. It was done in their action upon
the bill, and that is the message sent to the-
Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to hear the message
that was sent with the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the message.
The Chief Clerk. A portion of the mes-
sage was:
"By unanimous consent, lines seventeen and eight-
een of the original text were amended by strik-
^93,031,' and inserting in lieu thereof
' $950,000.'"
The VICE PRESIDENT. This part of the
message was not read. The bill came over
here, and, as appropriation bills generally are,
was referred to the conference committee with-
out reading.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was sure my attention
had not been called to it.
Mr. MORTON. Did the bill come back to the
Senate after that amendment was agreed to?
