1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Army Appropriation BiU—Mr. Whitthorne.
Ho. op Reps.
but stand upon principle, and will make any
(sacrifice for fraternal feeling and a perpetual
free and happy nation.
The people of Texas may be reviled, de-
famed, and abused by their present political
task-masters in brief power, but the issue is
made, the battle has already commenced. The
Governor, with the handful of officeholders held
together by his patronage, demands a new lease
of power that he may sell out part of the
State and plunder and oppress the remainder,
while the "bone and sinew" of the people,
true to themselves and their priceless inherit-
ance, with dignity and manhood earnestly and
firmly demand—
1. The unconditional and immediate repeal
of the Police act, the Enabling act, and the
Registration act.
2. The amendment, modification, and ame-
lioration of the Militia and State Guards act,
the Election laws, the Printing act, the School
law, the Road law, and the several Tax laws.
3. The right of the people to elect men to
office, of merit and fitness, freely and fairly,
without the fraudulent and oppressive aids of
money and bayonets.
4. Honesty, economy, and strict account-
ability in the officers of the State.
5. Reduction in taxation and retrenchment
in the public expenditures.
6. A liberal encouragement, by lands and
otherwise, for a uniform system of internal
improvement, and the absolute abandonment
of money donations to corporations.
7. The discontinuance and abandonment of
all secret political societies, by and through
which the colored people are arrayed in hos-
tility to their employers and neighbors, and
deluded by false and fraudulent promises of
national donations, social equality and the
right to intermarry with the whites; and the
adoption of a just and humane treatment to-
ward them, guarantying to them equal polit-
ical rights, and encouragement by every legal
and proper means to become good and usetul
citizens.
8. Perfect independence between the three
coordinate departments of the State govern-
ment, the executive, legislative, and judicial.
9. The immediate return to the time-hon-
ored and safe policy of administering the gov-
ernment under civil principles of justice,
equity, and law, limited and controlled by
the constitution, instead of the military role
of despotism that has grown so rapidly in the
State and national Governments for the pastfew
years, and is seriously threatening their ruin.
A vast majority of the good people of Texas,
who love their country, the solid blessings of
good government, and who look with fond
hopes to a career of prosperity and happiness
for that great State, will earnestly insist, on
these reasonable demands. In this they may
be disappointed, defeated, and even defamed,
but if they are it will be by a handful of irre-
pressible extremists, who despise the people
they oppress, who will unlawfully use the
money and power of the State to enslave her
children, and by whose perfidy their liberties
will be overthrown.
But 1 have confidence in the virtue and in-
telligence of our people; that their ardent
devotion to local self-government, to local
home institutions, and the alluring prospect
of a speedv deliverance from the long night of
darkness, woe, affliction, losses, and sufferings
which they have endured for the past four
years will knit them together, heart and hand,
in a common cause as one man, and inspire
tliem to work with patience, prudence, and
determination, until they once more secure
protection for person, property, and the pur-
suit of happiness under wise, equal, and just
laws to all, limited by an enlightened Consti-
tution.
4 2d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 12.
Army Appropriation Bill.
SPEECH OP HON. W. C. WHITTHORNE,
OP TENNESSEE,
In the House op Representatives,
March 21 and April 5, 1872.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and having under consid-
eration the Army appropriation bill—
Mr. WHITTHORNE said:
Mr. Chairman : It is both the right and the
duty of the Representative of the people, when
his consent is asked to an appropriation, to
inquire into the purpose and necessity of that
appropriation. We are now considering what
is termed the Army appropriation bill, which
makes appropriations for the purpose of sus-
taining a standing army of thirty thousand
men. I term it a standing army, because its
numbers are largely in excess of the legitimate
wants of the Government, and are an increase
upon its strength as it existed in the days of the
Republic when reason, and not force, was our
acknowledged ruler.
When we look back upon the history of our
country we see the jealousy and opposition
with which a standing army was regarded by
the founders of our Republic, by the distin-
guished statesmen who set our ship of State
afloat. And when we come to inquire as to
the necessity now of a standing army, or the
necessity of its increase, where shall we find
it? Shall we find it in the attitude of any for-
eign nation, in the increase of Indian hostil-
ities, or ia anything which now exists in the
present condition of the country? A well-
organized militia, in the judgment of those
whom I have been accustomed to follow in my
political opinions, is the sure if not the sole
bulwark of public liberty. Our recent expe-
rience, 110 matter what our political opinions
may have been during the civil war, teaches
us this fact, that it is upon the people of the
country that you must rely for your armies.
It is upon their patriotism, or their devotion
to the cause which is sought to be upheld, that
you must rely, in case of war, for the numbers
necessary to make up your armies, to provide
for your security, and insure your defense
against foreign or domestic foes.
Again,' sir, without entering fully into the
argument, I would say that the people of this
continent threw off the power which was up
held and maintained by standing armies m the
elder world. And when our fathers inaugu-
rated the experiment of that system of govern-
ment which we now enjoy, they based it on
the idea that that government was to be con-
tinued and maintained and upheld by the con-
sent and affections of those that were governed.
But what is the state of public opinion which
we have reached in regard to the Army to-day?
I regret, Mr. Chairman, that the public mind
is rapidly tending or being driven to the point
that the Government must rely upon the bay-
onet and not upon the law, that it must rely
upon force and not upon reason. Go where
you will iu our beloved land, go to yonder
southern region, and you will find, no matter
how slight the disturbance which may take
place, or how trivial the disorder, that the
appeal is made, not to the law, not to reason,
but to the bayonet. Go again to the northern
region of our country, to the city of Chicago,
to the city of New York, to the State of Penn-
sylvania, and you find there again the same
appeal made, not to reason, not to the law,
but to the efficacy of the musket and the
power of the bayonet.
Again, the same tendency is in your own
legislation as evidenced in your force bills.
I, for one, thank God that there were public-
spirited men in power, to wit, Governor Geary,
of Pennsylvania, and Governor Painter, of
Illinois, who had the moral courage to pro-
test against this diseased state of the public
mind. I ask yon to remember that in the city
of New York yon found a civic procession
conducted, not under the authority $f theordin- '
ary tribunals of the land, not under the pro-
tection of the ordinary force of the law, but
conducted under and supervised by the mili-
tary power. I have referred to Chicago. There
a private citizen is stricken down by the strong
arm of the military power of yonr Govern*
ment, which had usurped the powers and func-
tions of the State of Illinois.
Sir,shallthisstate ofthingscontinue? "Ought
it not to be arrested? Should not the minds
of our citizens be taught to rely upon that idea
which was uttered by one of the fathers of our
Republic, "that error may be tolerated when
reason is left free to combat it?" The sure
protection and safety of the rights of the people
is in the ballot-box, and not in the cartridge-
box. Let us teach our people that the best pro-
tection for their lives is in the -supremacy and
the majesty of the law.
Without elaborating this point further, I ask,
how shall we arrest this diseased state of the
public mind ? How shall we turn the thoughts
of our people upon peaee and upon the weapons
of peace? How shall we turn them into the
fields of reason and into the field of law? The
first effort, Mr. Chairman, which, in my opin-
ion, we can make in that direction is by re-
ducing the expenses of the Government. Make
your Government a plain and simple Govern-
ment, and not a strong, consolidated one.
Whenever, sir, you attempt to build up a
strong Government, whenever you attempt to
make a consolidated Government, that Gov-
ernment must be maintained by force.
a Government with large revenues and
large expenditures is in manifest danger of
having its powers consolidated, and where the
purse and the sword are in one hand, the
temptations of power and ambition almost
make this result inevitable. Hence it becomes
our imperative duty most jealously to cratch
all appropriations of the people's money, to
the end that their tributes may not be the pre-
cursor of their lost liberties.
Now, sir, with a view of asking whether or
not it is in our power to apply a remedy to
this condition of the public mind and the secur-
ity of popular rights, I make the inquiry, what
have been and what are now the expenses of
the Government? I call your attention, sir,
and the attention of the committee, to what
have been the gross receipts in the Treasury
and the gross expenditures therefrom for the
years 1869, 1870, and 1871, and I give the
totals only. The gross receipts for this period
of time were $1,958,000,000; the total expend-
itures for the same period of time were
$1,979,000,000.
Friday, April 6, 1872.
The House resumed the consideration of the same
subject.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. When the commit-
tee rose on the last occasion when this bill
was under consideration, I had just called at-
tention to what I regarded as the tendency in
the public mind to rely upon the efficacy of
the bayonet rather than upon the majesty of
the law and the power of reason. I had stated,
further, that it was our doty to arrest, if pos-
sible, this dangerous tendency in the public
mind. I had further laid down the proposition
that the collection of an immense amount of
revenues, and the expenditure thereof, tended
necessarily to the consolidation of the powers
of Government, and that, in my opinion, where
ever the powers of a Government were consol-
idated, that Government requires force to sus-
