1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3813
Mr. EDMUNDS. It must have come.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It came in the
message with a request for a conference. The
Chair did not notice this point, and therefore
did not apprise the Senate of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If this message had been
read, then the point would properly have arisen
upon which the authorities and precedents are
perfectly clear, that we ought to have refused
to receive the bill; but we having received the
bill, and disagreed to all their amendments, I
am bound to say that we have waived our right
to make the objection. I withdraw my point
of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The point of
order is withdrawn. The question is on agree-
ing to the conference report which agrees upon
all points except as to the Brazilian service,
which is left undecided. Alter action on this
report, it will be in order to have another con-
ference on that.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. WINDOM. I move that the Senate
insist on the Brazilian service amendment
and ask for another committee of conference
on that.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I move
that the Senate recede. It is a subsidy, and I
am opposed to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
recede has preference.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask this question, as itis
said in the House "a parliamentary question,"
whether, if we recede, as the bill now stands,
it does not leave the Brazilian line without any
appropriation for the existing service?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not remember whether the appropriation of
$150,000 was stricken out by the Senate
amendment or not. The bill itself will show.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to make another
inquiry. This amendment is now before the
Senate, and I want to know if it is within the
power of the Senate to further amend the
amendment before we recede. It is our own
amendment. The House have not concurred
in it. Is it not in older to amend it further?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is here.
The bill being here, and this being a Senate
amendment, the Chair thinks it is amendable.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is in order to strike itout
from the bill ; that is the effect of receding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland moves that the Senate recede
from its eighth amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to know which has
priority. I want to know if it is not in order
to strike it out; and if it is in order to
strike it out, would it not then be in order to
strike that out and put in something else?
Mr. POMEROY. We cannot amend that
bill now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Maine that by parlia-
mentary law, when there is a conflict between
the two Houses, those motions that bring them
together have priority of those motions that
keep tbem disagreeing. For instance, if a
motion were made to adhere, a motion to
recede would have priority of it, though last
made, because it brings the two Houses to-
gether by receding. The Chair, therefore,
thinks the motion to recede is first in order;
but if that be decided in the negative, then a
motion to amend the amendment, the Chair
thinks, would be in order.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I want to say simply
that i hope the Senate will not recede, that we
will keep this amendment before us, and that
we may have it in our control to do something
like equal justice to either coast; and if Brazil
goes out let Shanghai go out. I want to hold
the two things together; and if we will not
recede, then we will put in something else in
the very place of this amendment, so that if
this is not to be a part of the bill, that which
relates to the line of steamers from San Fran-
cisco to India shall also go out. I voted for
both. I want to do something like equality
and justice to both coasts of the country. I
believe they are both deserving of the atten-
tion of the country, and are both calculated
and designed to promote the commercial in-
terests of the whole land ; and I do not want
to see fish made of one and flesh of the other;
and by my vote it shall not be done.
Mr. CAMERON. I see this will probably
occupy the whole day, and I think the Senate
will see the necessity of going into executive
session. Therefore, I make that motion now.
Mr. WINDOM. I think there will be no
more debate on this question.
Mr. CAMERON. I insist on the motion.
The motion was not agreed to, there being
on a division—ayes 17, noes 28.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will
indulge me, we shall be through with this
conference report while we are taking the
yeas and nays.
Mr. MORTON. You will not get through
in three hours. You have the the whole ques-
tion of subsidy.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on receding from the Brazilian amendment
to the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I desire
to say just one word. I was opposed to both
these appropriations because they were sub-
sidies. The honorable Senator from Maine
says he is not disposed to make fish of one
and flesh of the other. I am disposed to
reject what 1 can. Favoring neither, I will
oppose both and any one when I get the
opportunity. 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Cameron,
Carpenter, Chandler, Cooper, D.ivis o! West Vir-
ginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Frehnghuy-
sen, Gilbert, (Joldthwaite. Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton ot Texas, Harlan, Hitcticock, ilowe, John-
ston, Kelly. Morton, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson,
Pratt, Saulsbury, Scliurz, Stevenson, and Viek-
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Caldwell, Casserly, Clay-
ton, Colo, Conkling, Corbett. Cragin, Kerry ot Mich-
igan, Flanagan, Hamlm, Hill, Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Nye, Pouieroy, Pool, Ramsey, Ransom,
Sawyer, Sprague, Stewart. Stockton, Sumner, Trum-
bull. West, Wilson, and Wmdom—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bjyard, Blair,Borcman,
Browmow, Davis ot Kentucky, Fenton, KeMogg,
Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Rice, Robertson. Scott,
Sherman, Spencer, Thurman, Tipton, and Wright—18.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The yeas are 28, and
the nays 28. So the motion to recede is lost.
Mr. WINDOM. I move that the Senate
insist oti that amendment, and ask for auother
committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT being authorized,
bv unanimous consent, to appoint the second
committee of conference, Messrs. Windom,
Fenton, and Hamilton of Maryland, were
appointed.
labor commission.
Mr. CAMERON. I renew my motion for
an executive session.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will
allow us, before that takes place, to call up
from the table the bill which was laid on the
table for a temporary purpose in regard to the
labor commission. Let it be taken up so as
to be before us.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts asks that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the labor com-
mission bill.
Several Senators objected.
Mr. SAWYER. Before the motion is put
I ask what I think I have a right to ask, that
the Senate take up the unfinished business,
House bill No. 374. I move to take it up,
and after it is taken up I will yield to the Sen-
ator Irom Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well ; I have no
objection to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator irom
South Carolina.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Ts it now
in order to move to go into executive business?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itis. The
Senator from Pennsylvania made that motion,
and gave way in order to have this bill takea
UPMr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. This bill
will certainly take some time.
Mr. CAMERON. The understanding is
that it is not to be finished.
Mr. WILSON. It is not to be acted on now.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
South Carolina.
The motion was agreed to, there being on a
division—ayes 22, noes 20.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (H.
R. No. 374) to provide for the appointment of
a commission on the subject of labor, and the
division of profits between labor and capital
in the United States, is now before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole.
message FitOM the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed, withoutameudment,
the following bills :
A bill (S. No. 417) fixing the rank of pro-
fessors of mathematics in the United States
Navy;
A bill (S. No. 934) to provide for the com-
pletion of three volumes of Wilkes's United
States Exploring Expedition ; and
A bill (S. No. 870) to provide for a building
for the use of the post office, United States
circuit and district courts and internal reve-
nue offices at Utica, New York.
The message also announced that the Housa
had passed the bill (S. No%780) to provide for
the redemption and sale of lands held by the
United States under the several acts levying
direct taxes, with amendments ; in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had disagreed to the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1343)
supplemental to an act entitled 1 An act fur the
apportionment of Representatives to Congress
among the several States according to the ninth
census."
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following
bills; in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2109) to authorize the
issuance of college scrip to the State of Ark-
ansas ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2869) for the relief of
Martin Freeman;
A bill (H. R. No. 2870) to authorize the
President to appoint Frederick E. Upton,
of Bath, Maine, a master in the Navy of the
United States ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2873) authorizing the
President to permit Frank M. Ashton, late
second assistant engineer in the Navy of the
United States, to withdraw his resignation of
that office;
A bill (H. R. No. 2874) to restore Absalom
Kirby as second assistant engineer in the Navy ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2875) to prevent the em-
ployment of officers on the retired list;
A bill (H. R. No. 2876) for the relief of
John C. Beaumont;
A bill (H. R. No. 902) making an appro-
priation for the repairs, furnishing, and orna-
mentation of the United States custom-house
and pOf-t office at Bdth, Maine ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2833) to increase the capi-
tal stock and to extend the works of the Wash-
ington Gas-Light Company;
A bill (H. R. No. 2878) to pay the county
of Ontario, in the State of New York, the
sum of $25,500;
