1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2021
I do in very much, I cannot agree with him
in that. The law of supply and demand is
one of the most inexorable and inevitable of
all laws, as much so nearly as the law of grav-
itation ; and the Senator can never maintain
his proposition until he overthrows that law,
for his argument must be that the importers
will bring here, pay for, and pay the duties
upon imports in excess of those for which they
can find a market; in other words, that the
ordinary consumers and buyers of imports will
be so crippled by the act that they cannot buy
and pay for the same value of goods that they
would do otherwise. Now, I submit to the
Senator that this whole process is an auto-
matic, self adjusting one. No more imports
will come here than can find a market; and
when he admits that a reduction of ten per
cent, will increase the imports, he has deprived
himself of the power to argue that it will crip-
ple the consumers of imports so that the
market for them will be diminished.
Now, as I have taken the liberty of inter-
rupting my friend, I beg to make one other
observation and I will relieve him. It turns
out now by the statement of the chairman of
the Committee on Finance that an error of
$2,500,000 in a single item of reduction has
been assumed here day after day from the
start. Nineteen million, we have been told
all the time, was to be the reduction by put-
ting tea and coffee on the free list.
Mr. SHERMAN. I corrected it the very
next day. It was only one day.
Mr. CONKLING. On the contrary, although
I do not want to refer to what has been said
elsewhere, I may enlarge my remark and say
that in this Chamber and elsewhere it has been
assumed from the start that nineteen million
or thereabouts was to be the loss from putting
tea and coffee on the free list. I do not refer
especially to what my honorable friend from
Ohio said.
Mr. SHERMAN. I put myself on the
record upon that matter.
Mr. CONKLING. So the Senator did yes-
terday; but others have stated it, and I ac-
cepted it myself. It was one of those simple
results that I did not suppose it was necessary
to verify or review; therefore I took the state-
ment made here, and supposed that the vote
upon tea and coffee withdrew from the Treas-
ury for the next fiscal year $19,000,000. It
turns out to be $2,500,000 less; and now the
Senator from Pennsylvania is footing up for
us a balance-sheet, into which he has carried
the $2,500,000, and the $8,000,000 growing
out of the ten per cent, reduction, and he
reaches $62,500,000 of reduction. Now, I
say to my honorable friend that patent upon
the face of that, it appears to me, is an
error of $10,500,000, and in place of being
$62,500,000, it is $52,000,000 by his own
showing, to my mind. But, Mr. President,
if he can prove that it is $62,000,000, even
that will not terrify me. We shall find other
instances of exaggerated estimates of these
reductions, and when they are made, if they
are $62,000,000, my honorable friend and
myself will be surprised, as we have been
year by year, to see how the income will
overflow the estimates of what that income
would be.
Mr. SCOTT. My friend from New York
always has the happy faculty of making a
strong argument at the close of his speech
for the purpose of diverting, if possible, from
a weaker position with which he started out.
1 need no other answer to the first position to
which he called my attention than the statis-
tics to which I referred a few moments ago.
Our people are employed at the present time
in our manufactories. There are ninety-nine
thousand paupers waiting for employment in
England, for the reason that we refuse to em-
ploy them, and do employ our own; and there
is the compiler of that almanac saying that it is
a source ot'shame that they cannot give them
employment. If the English manufacturer's
product comes here, it is because it comes
cheaper by reason of the reduction of the duty,
and drives our own man out of market, and
so long as the volume of unemployed labor is
there waiting employment when a market is
open, his argument about supply and demand
fails him.
Now, when we come to the annual revenues,
the statement of the chairman of the Finance
Committee is certainly correct with reference
to the duties that were yielded in the fiscal
year ending June 30,1871, from tea and coffee.
They were $19,000,000. He is certainly cor-
rect in the statement that six months of that
year embraced higher duties upon tea and
coffee; but it will also be remembered that
in consequence of that law going into opera-
tion prospectively a very large portion of that
trade was deferred for the last six months of
that year. For the very same reason I have
no doubt thai it would be deferred until after
the 1st of July. Now, if any Senator will
take up, as I have taken up, the reports con-
tained in the Grocers' Circular from New
York, of the importation of tea into New York
and San Francisco, and of coffee into the vari-
ous ports, he wiil find that the increase is so
great that in all probability it will be $19,000,-
000 again. I think it is very probable it will
be. But however that maybe, I do not intend
to be diverted again into an argument upon
that feature of the case.
I follow with such implicit confidence the
chairman of the committee with reference to
these estimates that 1 have endeavored to dif-
fer with him as little as possible, and I now
find myself in my present position because I
am following what was the original determina-
tion of my friend, the chairman-of the Finance
Committee. That was, that if the duty on tea
and coffee was repealed, then, in safety to the
revenues of the Government, we must hold on
to the duties that are imposed upon the arti-
cles upon which it is now proposed to reduce
them by the second section. 1 believe he was
right in that, and believing that, I must apolo-
gize to the Senate for having again occupied
their time so long, for I did not intend to do
so when I rose. 1 may add that, feeling, as I
do, that I stand upon the right ground in advo-
cating the interests of American labor upon
this floor, and conscious also that I stand the
representative of the producersof $337,000,000
worth of manufacturing industry in one city
of my State, I could not say less.
I should be glad to bring that subject more
prominently before the Senate if I thought it
were not wearying them now, to show them
the number of the industries, small, it is true,
many of them, but flourishing under these
duties, which will be stricken down in the
interest of the Free-Trade League, if we are
induced now to give this ten per cent, of blood
to the tiger, for it is only that. He will not
be appeased with it. The clamor will go on
for an American market for British products,
and I rely upon the votes of American Sena-
tors to sustain American labor by striking out
this second section and permitting tea and
coffee to go unincumbered with anything else
t&an the fr'ee list to the House.
Mr. FltELINGHUYSEN. I understood
the Senator from Indiana to inquire of the
Senator from Ohio whether the manufacturers
could sustain themselves under this ten per
cpnt. reduction of duties, and the Senator
from Ohio answers that it was the true policy,
and necessary to make that concession in
order to retain a tariff. That is not an answer
to the question. I believe that if protection
is right this country will maintain it, and in
my opinion that principle is stronger to-day
in the United States than ever before, and is
every day growing stronger.
The question recurs whether the manufac-
turer cat) sustain himself under this reduction.
It has been represented to me by all the inter-
ests of which 1 have spoken, the potteries, cast
steel, and silk, that the redaction would be
disastrous to their business. This ten.per cent,
off of the duty is about two or two and a half
per cent, on the value of the manufactured
product. The profits of these manufacturers
as a general thing range from seven to ten per
cent. Take this two and a half or two per
cent, from so small a profit, and you can see
how you cripple the industry. But we do not
want the testimony of anybody. We know
that these manufactures have grown up under
a protection which the premium on gold yielded.
them. The premium docs afford protection.
Who doubts but that the importer could im-
port more cheaply to-day if he could pay ia
currency than in gold?
The manufacturers are now also deprived of
the war demand. They have to pay an en-
hanced value for the raw material. Now, just
after coming out of the war, when this great
change is made, is it unreasonable for the
manufacturers of this country to ask to be let
alone ? They will struggle through, and in a
year or two will probably be able to submit to
a reduction. And there was great force in the
remark of the Senator from Ohio, that labor is
increasing in value in England, and that that
will soon enable us to reduce our duties here
unless we by taking off this duty destroy our
manufactures.
Mr. President, I am sorry to see that some
Senators here forget that they are Senators of
the United States. They believe in the doctrine
of protection for sugar; they believe in the
doctrine of protection for salt; they believe in
the doctrine of protection for wool; they be-
lieve in the doctrine of protection for rice.
What interest has my State in those commod-
ities? And yet I cheerfully voted to protect
each of those interests, because it was the in-
terest of this country; and you cannot damage
one part of it, one member, without the whole
body suffering. But when we come to the
manufactories of the country, having secured
these local and individual interests, gentlemen
vote to reduce at this most critical time of
those duties ten per cent. I trust, Mr. Pres-
ident, that this second section will be stricken -
from the bill.
Mr. MORTON. I should like to ask the
Senator from New Jersey a question, with his
permission, and that is, what reduction, if any,
has taken place in the average price of labor
since these duties were established?
Mr. FliELINGHUYSEN. It isa veryper-
tinent question, Mr. President. The Senator
from Ohio, in answer to the inquiry put by the
Senator from Indiana, said that commodities
were cheaper, that wheat and corn were
cheaper ; but how does that affect the manu-
facturer if the price of wages remains the
same ? The question is whether wages are
any lower. Wages are no lower than they
were when these duties were imposed, but on
the contrary have advanced.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, while the
Senator from Ohio was speaking on the sub-
ject of labor it occurred to me to ask the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, who is not now in his
seat, [Mr. Si'raguk,] what portion of the cost
of these articles consisted of the item of labor,
and he informed me thatone half is labor, and
that the price of labor had advanced twenty
per cent, in 1867, and in 1870 twenty per cent,
again in addition. That is an answer to the
question of the Senator from Indiana [.Mr.
Morton] in regard to labor, it seems to me.
Now 1 wish to submit a proposition as to
the cost of these articles in gold_, and I have
figured it up. Suppose an article cost in
Europe two dollars when the premium on gold
in this country was fifty per cent. It wa?
sixty-seven per cent, in 1865, but take it at
fifty per cent. Suppose the duty was one dol-
lar, orfifty per cent. Fifty per cent, premium
on the two dollars would be one dollar. Then
the premium on gold on the duty would be fifty
cents, making in the cost of the article in cur-
rency $4 50. At that time, of course, the
manufacturer only had to produce an article
