1126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
cals and newspapers, in whole or in partprinted
to regular publishers.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of Jerome
B. Woodruff, for relief in the matter of exten-
sion of patent.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of N. F.
Garr ,& Co., A. E. Gamble & Co., Philip
Peter & Co., and 50 others, citizens of Indi-
ana, and dealers in or distillers aud rectifiers
of liquors, asking a consolidation of all the
present taxes on whisky and manufacturers
of whisky into a single tax of equivalent
amount on the proof gallon.
Also, the memorial of Ryan & Holbrook,
Hahn & Bals, O'Connor, Pf'arr & Co., and
20 others, citizens of Indianapolis, Indiana,
and dealers in and manufacturers of distilled
spirits, asking the consolidation of all taxes
on whisky into a single tax of equivalent
amount on the proof gallon.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Mary Ann
Chute, for pension.
By , Mr. McCLELLAND : The petition of
William Byerly, sr., and 69 others, citizens
of Pennsylvania, and late soldiers of the Uni-
ted States Army, asking the equalization of
bounties.
By Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri: The
petition of Eli D. Ake and J. J. Brady, jr.,
asking an amendment of section one hundred
and sixty-two of the revised codification of the
postal laws.
By Mr. McKINNEY: The petition of J. H.
Horton, editor of the Tippecanoe City Herald,
asking an amendment to the newspaper post-
age law.
Also, the petition of Albert M. Blackmore,
guardian of David A. Hutchins and Luella B.
Hutchins, asking a pension.
By Mr. McNEELY: The petition of Wm. T.
Davidson, publisher of the Pulton Democrat, of
Lewistown, Illinois, praying an amendment of
section one hundred and sixty-two of the revised
codification of the postal laws now before the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of 700
workers in iron, minors of ore, and mechanics,
citizens ot Danville, Montour county, Penn-
sylvania, remonstrating against any change of
the existing tariff laws reducing duties upon
such articles as are successfully produced in
this country; also in favor of the repeal of all
duties upon tea, coffee, and such other arti-
cles of necessity or comfort as cannot be pro-
duced in the United States.
By Mr. MONROE: The petition of Isaac
M. Johnson and 27 others, citizens of Ober-
lin, Ohio, praying Congress to make an appro-
priation for the improvement of the harbor of
Black River, Ohio.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of Pres-
ton C. Harrell, of Otwell, Pike county, Indi-
ana, praying certain changes in the existing
laws m regard to postage on newspapers.
By Mr. ORR: The petition of papers pub-
lished at Spirit Lake, Fort Dodge, Ralfe,
Onawa, Forest City, Caliope, and Clarion,
Iowa, asking certain mail facilities.
Also, a petition for a mail route from Spen-
cer to Beloit, Iowa.
. By Mr. PARKER, of Missouri: The peti-
tion of D. J. Houston, esq., of Bethany, Mis-
souri, publisher of the Bethany Watchman,
praying a modification of the postal laws rela-
tive to the transmission of newspapers through
the mails.
Also, the petition of Openheimer & Myers,
John B. Good, and25 others, journeymen cigar-
makers and manufacturers of cigars of St.
Joseph, Missouri, praying an increase of the
tariff on imported cigars to at least three dol-
lars per pound, or fifty cents ad valorem.
Also, the petition of the Improvement and
Manufecturers' Aid Association of St. Joseph,
.Missouri, for mi appropriation of $500,000 to
be expended in the erection of a Government
building for a post office, custom-house, &c.,
at St. Joseph, Missouri.
Also, a protest against the proposed religious
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, signed by B. Waty, Samuel Hys, Joseph
P. Grubb, S. Adler, and 100 others, of St.
Joseph, Missouri.
Also, the petition of Nam, McCurd & Co.,
Koch, Chew & Co., Turner, Frazier & Co.,
C. D. Smith &Co., J. D. McNally, and Wm.
H. Floyd & Co., wholesale grocery merchants,
of St. Joseph, Missouri, praying a modifica-
tion of the tariff on imported sugar.
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of Bridget
Cochran, for a pension.
By Mr. RICE, of Illinois: Theremonstrance
of William Simpson, John C. Crabtree and
70 others, citizens of Montgomery county, Illi-
nois, against the extension of the patent of the
Haines Illinois Harvester. Also, the remon-
strance of W. F.Mulkey, James Morgan, and
46 others, of Montgomery county, Illinois.
Also, the remonstrance of Thomas Collins,
Jordan Clarday, and 56 others, of the counties
of Macoupin and Montgomery, Illinois. Also,
the remonstrance of B. W. Green and 78
others, of Macoupin county, Illinois. Also,
the remonstrance of L. W. Stockbridge and
123 others, of Christian county, Illinois, against
the^ extension of the patent right upon the
Haines Illinois Harvester.
By Mr. SHOEMAKER : The petition of
800 citizens of Luzerne county, Pennsylvania,
remonstratingagainstany changein theexisting
tariff laws abating or abolishing duties upon
such articles as are successfully produced in
this country, and praying the repeal of all
duties on tea and coffee, and such other articles
of necessity or comfort as cannot be produced
in the United States, and that all duties be so
adjusted as to encourage and defend every
home industry and to foster the honor and
interests of the American laborer.
Also, a remonstrance of citizens of Luzerne
county, Pennsylvania, against the repeal of
the duty on coal.
By Mr. SLOCUM: The memorial of Wil-
liam T. Surners, late major United States vol-
unteers, asking an increase of pension.
By Mi\ SLOSS: The petition of Augustus
Pruskowski, of Florence, Alabama, askingpay
for two horses taken from him by and for the
use of the United States troops in October,
1863.
Also, a joint memorial of the General As-
sembly of the State of Alabama, asking a
grant of public lands to aid in the construction
of the Columbus, Fayette, and Decatur rail-
road.
' Also, a joint memorial of the General As-
sembly of the State of Alabama, asking relief
in certain cases.
_ By Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania: The peti-
tion of Captain Brice X. Blair, postmaster at
Huntingdon, Pennsylvania, for relief.
Also, the petition of 71 soldiers who served
in the late war, having an honorable discharge,
asking an allowance of $8 33J per month for
each soldier, sailor, and marine, during the
entire time served, deducting all Government
bounty heretofore paid, and also the passage
of an act amending the twenty-fifth section of
the act approved July 15, 1870, so as to allow
soldiers and sailors to enter the amount therein
named without the requirements of settlement
and cultivation.
Also, the petition of citizens of Erie county,
Pennsylvania, in favor of the passage of bill
No. 660, granting bounty land to certain per-
sons engaged in the military and naval service
of the United States since the 4th dav of
March, 1861.
Also, the remonstrances of General S. Miles
Grem, O. Hammond, J. T. Shirley, Patrick
H. Hogau, and_ 1,000 others, workers in iron
'n .-Pennsylvania, against the change in the
tariff laws abating duties on articles suc-
cessfully produced in this country, urged by
the Free Trade League, and praying for the
repeal of all duties on tea, coffee, and such
other articles as cannot be produced in the
United States; and also for such adjustment
of duties as will encourage every home indus-
try, and foster the honor and interests of the
American laborer.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of the
letter-carriers of Hartford, Connecticut, for
an increase of salary.
By " Mr. TWICHELL: The memorial of
Edward R. Houchin, for a pension.
By Mr. VAUGHAN: The memorial of
Thomas G. Neal, of Memphis, Tennessee,
asking to be paid for the use of a certain build-
ing used as a hospital during the rebellion.
By Mr. WELLS: The petition of John W.
Jennings, for indemnity for property lost in the
service of the Government.
By Mr. WILLARD: The petition of H. L.
Stillson, publisher of the Bennington (Ver-
mont) Free Press, praying a modification of the
postal laws.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition of
George Spencer and 114 others, citizens of
Lawrence county, Ohio, praying the repeal
of all duties on tea and coffee, and such an
adjustment of the tariff laws as will encourage
and defend every home industry and foster
the honor and interests of American laborers.
post route bills introduced.
The following were introduced under the
rule, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads :
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: A bill to
establish a post route between Nelson and
Southington, Ohio.
By Mr. HANDLEY: A bill to establish
post routes in Alabama: from Blake's Ferry,
via Fox Creek, to East Mills ; from Tuskegee,
via Cross Keys. Culhatchee, Mount Meigs, to
Montgomery; from Dadeville,via Pinkneyville,
Sylaeogga, to Childersburg; and from Opelika,
via Oak Bowery, to Dudleyville.
By Mr. MERRIAM: A bill establishing a
post road from Barnes Corners to Watertown,
New York; also, from Chaumont, via De Pau-
ville, Clayton Center, to Clayton, New York.
By Mr. READ: A bill declaring the road
leading from Samuels Depot, on the Bardstown
branch of the Louisville and Nashville rail-
road, in the county of Nelson, Kentucky, to
Chaplintown in the same county, a post road.
Also, a bill declaring the road leading from
Hodgensville, in the county of La Rue, in the
State of Kentucky, to the town of New Haven,
in the county of Nelson, in the same State, a
mail route and post road.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 20, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D., Chap-
lain of the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersou-, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following joint
resolution and bills; in which the concurrence
of the Senate was requested :
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 103) author-
^j11? t'^.e President to open negotiations with
all civilized nations in reference to captives in
war ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1537) to repeal existing
duties on tea and coffee; and
A bill (H. R. No. 864) to extend the time
ot payment for their lands by persons holding
preemptions on the public lands in the State
of Minnesota. •
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of War, sub-
mitting, in partial compliance with the require-
ments of the third section of the act approved
