2022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
which he could sell in competition with the
foreign article costing $4 50. To-day, with
the present premium on gold, the cost of the arti-
cle in Europe we will say is two dollars. The
premium on gold, at ten per cent., is twenty
cents. The duty on the article being fifty per
cent., is one dollar, and the premium on the
gold to pay the duty is ten cents. Conse-
quently, that, article costs here to-day $3 30.
Thus the manufacturer to-day has to sell his
.article for $3 30 to compete with the for-
eign production, whereas iu 1865 he could get
$4 50 for the same article. It during the next
year we reduce the premium on gold to noth-
ing, bring it down to par, we reduce this $3 30
by thirty cents, and consequently the article
which he could get $4 50 for in 1805 he has to
produce for three dollars.
As to the cost of the woolen production, I
suppose it will be contended that on an aver-
age the raw material alone is one half less
than it was in 1865. I deny it. In fact, it is
almost as high now as it was during the war
or in 1865. The woolen interest of this coun-
try is a very important interest; and the labor
being from twenty to forty per cent, higher
than it was in 1865, as stated by the Senator
from Rhode Island, it seems to me it will be
a very difficult tiling for our woolen manufac-
turers to compete with the foreign manufac-
tured article, unless labor has very materially
advanced in Europe.
This interest is in. its iufancy in the State
which I have the honor in part to represent.
Wool is now being produced in our State to a
very great extent. This section proposes to
reduce the duties ten per cent., not only upon
the article of wool, but upon the manufac-
tured article. So far as I am concerned, this
manufacture is of no personal interest to me.
In fact, politically speaking, if I considered
it in a political aspect, as the gentlemen who
control these manufactures are principally
Democrats, it will be seen that I am not
working for the interest of my political friends.
It is therefore not a political question so far
as I am concerned. I look at the matter in
a practical point of view. It seems to me that
we are reducing these duties to a greater
exteut than the manufacturers of the country
can at this time bear.
We also have salt interests in our State, and
if the duty was sufficient we could commence
the manufacture of salt, but labor is too high
there at present to enable us to do it. We
hope in the future to develop these resources.
We have also built furnaces for the manufac-
ture of pig iron. I know that one company
expended in one furnace $120,000 in gold,
which is now lying idle. We have as rich
mines perhaps as are in the world.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there a pig-iron fur-
nace in Oregon lying idle?
Mr. CORBETT. There is.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a very extraor-
dinary thing, for the price of pig iron is higher
now than it has been for years.
Mr. CORBETT. This is an extraordinary
time. Notwithstanding the reduction of the
duty on pig iron two years ago, pig iron is
higher now than it has been for a number of
years; but our furnaces closed some two or
three years ago. They attempted under the
duty of nine dollars a ton to manufacture pig
iron, but the English importers sent their pig
iron into our market cheaper and drove our
pig iron out of the market. We found we
were unable to compete, that they sold at just
about the price it cost us to produce the article.
"We hope iu the future, provided we can retain
the present duty', when labor shall have been
reduced in price, to produce these articles.
We have immense coal-fields in our State.
These are being developed, and I have no
doubt they will be developed to a still greater
extent if properly protected. We have great
interests to be developed in these hidden re-
sources. We expect to be the New England
of the West. We exp&ct to manufacture all
these articles that are needed on the Pacific
coast. I feel, therefore, a deep interest on the
part of the people I represent, and also for all
those who are coming to our shores. We
desire to establish manufactures. We desire
to buildup manufactures, and thereby diversify
our labor. The principal portion ot our labor
now is engaged in the production of cereals,
and we are obliged to ship our grains abroad.
We are obliged to ship our surplus to England
and bring back in exchange her manufactured
goods. This our people do not believe is for
the best interests of the State. We believe
that protecting these industries and building
up these manufactures among ourselves tend
to the prosperity of our State. We are now
simply in the infancy of these manufactures;
and to strike a blow at the woolen manufacture
and reduce the duties ten per cent, at this
time, it seems to me, will be very detrimental
to these interests, and not only to them, but
also to the wool-growing interest of our State.
Our people heretofore have not been able to
get moie than twenty cents for their wool, and
they are now exporting wool to the eastern
States, and they are obtaining forty cents a
pound for it. If we reducc the duty upon
woolen manufactures in the -eastern States,
where shall we find a market for our surplus
wool above what we manufacture at home?
If this ieduction takes place, and these manu-
factures are crippled, it will destroy our market
for our wools, and it may be, also destroy our
market within our own State for our wools,
so that we may be obliged to ship them abroad
and bring back in exchange manufactures from
European countries.
For that reason I shall vote a'gainstthis sec-
ond section, and hope it may not be attached
to this bill.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Is an
amendment in order to the second section?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Har-
lan in the chair.) The pending amendment
is an amendment to the amendment proposed
by the Senator from New Jersey.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Then a
further amendment is not now in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itisnot.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I desire
to amend the second section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Itwouldbe
in order to move to amend the text of the sec-
tion between lines fifteen and twenty-four on
the sixth page of the print. The matter there
proposed to be stricken out may be amended
before the vote is taken on striking out.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The amend-
ment I propose is in line nineteen, to strike
out the words "'and steel rails."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That would
be in order.
Mr. MORTON. How does it read then ?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Then the
clause would read:
On all iron and steel, and on all manufactures
of iron and steel, of which either of such metals is
the component part of chief value, excepting pig
iron.
I propose to strike out the words " and
steel rails," which come in immediately after
pig iron, so that steel rails may come under
the operation of the second section and bear
the reduction of ten per cent, on other arti-
cles, and I desire to submit a remark in favor
of this proposition.
The tariff upon steel rails was placed at a
cent and a quarter a pound in the act of 1870,
making the duty $27 50 a ton. That amounts
to an ad valorem duty of fifty-one per cent.
In the act of 1870 the tariff duty on pig iron
was reduced to seven dollars a ton, or an ad
valorem, percentage of about forty, or more
exactly forty and five eighths per cent. Then
there is a difference as against steel rails of over
ten per cent, under the act of 1870.
Now, steel rails are an important item in the
construction of railroads. They are required
for all the main lines of railroad for safety and
in every point of view. We can only judge by
looking at the expense which attends the con-
struction of railroads, and the whole country-
is anxious for their construction. Your towns
and counties, and in fact the States, are largely
interested in making railroads through differ-
ent localities, and they are incurring heavy
debts to make them. If they are to be made
at all, surely it is important that the people
should get the material with which to make
them as cheap as it can be had in view of the
necessities of the country for revenue.
The common railroad iron imported into
the United States last year amounted to
nine hundred million pounds, the value of
which was about fourteen million dollars, and
the tariff duties on that importation were
about six million dollars. Tlie quantity of
steel rails imported into the United States
within the last fiscal year amounted to one
hundred million pounds, the value of which
was about two million four hundred thou-
sand dollars, and from that we derived a
revenue of about one million two hundred
thousand dollars, the tariff duty being fifty one
per cent, or thereabouts. Now I propose, to
bring it under the provisions of this section, to
reduce it to forty or forty-one per cent., to put
it into the same class with tho other kinds of
railroad iron.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator state the
difference between the price of steel rails now
and before the act of 1870 was passed?
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. The dif-
ference is about six dollars in gold. They are
higher now than then—between five dollars and
sixty cents and six dollars a ton, according to
my information. It is not my purpose to make
a speech, but to address myself to the judg-
ment of the Senate in regard to this one arti-
cle. I want to place it on a. common level
with the other articles manufactured, and
which come into public use so 1 rgely.
The quantity of steel rails required to a yard
of railroad is about sixty-two pounds. If you
compute the tariff on sixty-two pounds at the
rate of duty now imposed, one cent and a
quarter a pound, you will find that the duty is
seventy-seven and a half cents for a single yard.
Of course it requires a double line of steel
rails to make a track, and doubling this sum,
$1 55 is the amount paid to this Government
in duties for making a single yard of railroad
track, which for a mile would amount to about
twenty-seven thousand dollars tbeainountpaid
to.this Government in gold for the railroad
steel imported for a mile of railroad track ; in
o'her words, nearly thirty thousand dollars ill
currency.
You see, then, how necessary steel rails are,
and I insist that there should be a reduction
if practicable upon this prime article of use
in this country. All your little towns, your
counties, and your States are engaged iu mak-
ing railroads, and the question is important
when you look to the security of travel, be-
cause the use of steel rails makes traveling on
railroads safer. Besides, the consumption of
steel rails by your leading railroads will give
your small railroads that use the common iron
an opportunity of buying it cheaper than they
otherwise can.
I appeal to the judgment of the Senate in
regard to this matter. I ask no favor for any
interest. I propose that this be placed on a
common level with all the other interests in-
cluded in section two, and the effect of this
will be to reduce the tariff on steel rails from
fifty-one to forty per cent.
Sir. MORION. I call attention to the
fact that steel rails are cheaper in this coun-
try now than they were before the imposition
of the tariff duty. Is not that so?
Mr HAMILTON, of Maryland. I think
not, but I am nut now prepared to answer. I
am prepared to answer that the price is five
dollars and sixty cents or six dollars a ton
higher than before the imposition of the duty
fixed by the act of 1870.
