1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2023
I am not going to argue the tariff question,
but we are told that iron has increased in price
since the reduction of the duty in 1870. I
think that has not been caused by the reduc-
tion of duty, but that there has been some
local cause for it. It is to me amusing to
hear honorable gentlemen undertake to talk
about the increase of five or ten dollars a ton
in the price of iron being the effect of the
reduction of the duty.
Pig iron, that enters so largely into the con-
sumption of the Bessemer steel rail, has gone
up two pounds, or ten dollars a ton. That is
not owing to general causes. There is some
local cause for that. It is caused probably by
the extraordinary increased demand for iron
at this particular time. I am sure my honor-
able friend from Pennsylvania will not say
that the increase of price is owing to the fact
that, v/e reduced the duty upon it in 1870. I
am sure that he is too much of a philosopher
to undertake to say before the Senate and the
country that the increase in the price of iron
just at this particular time is owing to the
reduction of duty upon it. I am sure if my
honorable friend believed that, he would re-
verse his action in regard to a protective tariff,
and would go for diminishing duties and taking
duties off entirely.
Mr. President, this is all I have to say in
regard to this great question. We see this
whole country covered and being covered with
railroads, and it is important that they should
be made as cheaply as possible. I do notsay
the companies are not able to pay this tax;
but at last it falls directly on the people. Our
lands are mortgaged, our country is mortgaged
for the payment of the debt, created m the con-
struction of railroads, and particularly is this
the case in localities where you cannot get men
of capital to advance the money to build them.
There the construction of the railroads must
depend upon the people in the locality, and
they mortgage everything almost to get them—
moitgage their lands in perpetuity forever.
And yet they are to pay this immense sum to
the Government for doing this very thing. I
hope that my amendment will be agreed to,
so that the duty on steel rails may b«s forty
per cent, instead of fifty-one per cent., as it
is now.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPHERSOJr, its Clerk, announced
that the House had, in compliance with the
request of the Senate, returned the bill (S.
No. 251) to amend an act entitled "An act
to establish and declare the railroad and
bridges of the New Orleans, Mobile, and Chat-
tanooga Railroad Company, as hereafter con-
stituted, a post road, and for other purposes,"
approved March 2, 1S68.
fhe message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 279) to repeal
section one of an act, to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Idaho, approved
ilarch 3, 18(>3," approved March 2, 1807 ; in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
Tne message further announced that the
House had concurred in the amendment of
the Senate to the bill (H. II. No. 555) for the
relief of sufferers by fire at Chicago, with an
amendment; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 497) granting a
pension to Frederick A. Garlick, of Cortland
county, New York.
enrolled bills signed.
The message likewise announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills; and they were thereupon
signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 447) to enable honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors, their widows and
orphan children, to acquire homesteads on the
public lands of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 792) in addition to an act
to amend an act entitled '' An act for the
removal of causes in certain cases from State
courts," approved July 27, I860, passed March
2, 1857;
A bill (H. R. No. 16C) to amend an act en-
titled " An act to authorize protection to be
given to citizens of the United States who may
discover deposits of guano," approved August
18, 1856 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 435) to authorize thePres-
ident to appoint George Plunkett a paymaster
in the Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 2114) granting a pension
to Margaret Nyce ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2043) authorizing an
American register to the Dutch bark Alice
Tarltou ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2047) to provide for the
exchange and transfer of two small parcels of
land in the city of St. Louis, Missouri ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1049) to establish a port
of entry and delivery at the city of Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1213) defining the rights
of part owners of vessels in certain cases.
persecution op israelites.
Mr. MORTON. I ask unanimous consent
to offer a resolution of inquiry; it will take
but a moment:
Itesohed, That the President bo requested to cora-
munieato to the Senate, if in his opinion not incon-
sistent with the. publio interest, any information he
may have in regard to tho persecution and oppression
of the Israelites m the principality of Itoumania.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
chicago 1'ire.
Mr. WRIGHT. I do not rise to say any-
thing on the tariff bill, but ask the indulgence
of the Senate that the bill for the relief of Chi-
cago sufferers, returned from the House with
an amendment,, may be taken up and concurred
in. I have consulted with the friends of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harlan
in the chair.) The Senator from Iowa asks
unanimous consent to take up the Chicago
relief bill, in order to act on the amendment
of the House of Representatives to the Senate
amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. There is but one amend-
ment to it, and there is no objection in the
world, as I understand.
'The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives to the bill (H. R. No. 555) for the relief
of the sufferers by fire at Chicago was, after
the word "materials," to insert "except lum-
ber."
Mr. SCOTT. I voted against that bill upon
principle. 1 do not see that the principle is
changed by that amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. It is only a question of
concurring in the amendment.
The amendment was concurred i .
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to ask the
effect of that amendment: whether the opera-
tion of it is to exempt from the effect of the
bill the article of lumber ?
Mr. WRIGHT. It is.
Mr. CASSERLY. The gentlemen that have
charge of it understand their business, of
course; but that seems to me like playing
Hamlet with the part of Hamlet left out.
tea and coffee duties.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 1537) to repeal existing
duties on tea and coffee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] to the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MORTON. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. The manufacture of steel
rails is just struggling into existence in this
country. It bids tair to be a great success in
a short time, and Ibelieve the competition that
■will result from the manufacture of steel rails by
our own manufactories will greatly reduce the
price of these rails. Steel rails are not now
much more than half the cost they were before
this manufacture was established in our coun-
try. The great fact is that prices are reduced
by competition. There can be no competition
until these manufactures are successfully estab-
lished ; and I am therefore opposed to striking
down the duty upon steel rails until the experi-
ment has been further tried of establishing
these manufactories in our own country. We
have prospects in the Northwest of the success-
ful establishment of this manufacture, but it
will spring into existence under difficulties.
Until those difficulties have been partially
overcome, I am opposed to any reduction of
the duty.'
Mr. THURMAN. Eversincel firstheardof
a tariff, I have heard this argument we have just
listened to, that by protecting domestic manu-
factures we build up establishments at home that
by their competition with importers reduce the
prices; and nowhere is the glaring criticism
upon that that there is not a protected article
which does not still clamor for more protec-
tion. From the first tariff that could be
called protection at all, the tariff of 1816, if I
recollect aright, up to this time, every article
protected, and which it was said would only
need protection in its infancy, is, if we be-
lieve its manufacturer, in its infancy yet; and,
sir, it will be in its infancy juat as long as you
tax the people in order to make its manufac-
ture profitable. Just as long as you see fit to
take from the people engaged in one pursuit a
portion of their earnings and put them into
the pockets of people engaged in another pur-
suit, just so long will that pursuit, according
to those who follow it, remain in its infancy
and need your nursing and fostering care.
It seems to me it is about time to stop that
argument. But now we have it urged in favor
of a new manufacture—that of Bessemer steel
rails. That is a comparatively new thing;
and we are, according to the theory of the
Senator from Indiana, to begin to build up
Bessemer steel-rail establishments, and after
awhile have them sufficiently strong to stand
on their own legs without any protection.
You will never see the day, Mr. President,
when they will be willing to do any such thing
if you continue this system of taxing for their
benefit. Why, how is it ? Upon what article
is it that enters into the common consump-
tion of the country that the tax is not higher
now than it ever was before,except in time of
war, every little necessary article. And yet
we were told thirty years ago, forty years ago,
fifty years ago, "Only give protection for a
little while, aid and encourage us for a little
while, and we shall be able to stand without
any further aid and to compete with the for-
eigner, and the price will be reduced by the
competition." No, Mr. President, that will
not do.
How is it that my colleague says to the Sen-
ate and to the country that here is a bill to
take off taxation from the people, that here is
a bill which proposes to take off tweat,y-odd
millions of taxes now imposed by the tariff?
How can he say that if the duty that is pio-
posed to be taken off has the effect to lower
the priceIf imposing a duly lowers the price,
pray how does the taking off duties relieve the
people from taxation? No, sir, the time has
gone by to talk about high tariffs producing
low prices. Your very bill goes upon the
opposite theory.
My colleague boasted (and I cannot find
fault with his boast, although I do not know
that it is entirely accurate; I hardly think it
is) that the Republican party has since the
war reduced the taxes of the people over two
hundred million dollars, by abolishing what?
In part by abolishing some internal revenue
taxes, but in large part by reducing the duties
on imports. Where is tho ground of that boast
