1872.-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1121
March 3, 1871, and in addition to those on
other harbors and rivers heretofore presented,
engineer reports of the surveys of Aquia creek,
Virginia, Aecotinck, Nebasea, Quantieo, and
Cho'ppawamasic bays, East Chester creek,
New York, Rondout harbor, New York, and
Passaic river, New Jersey; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
arkansas river bridge.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Senate bill No.
245, for the purpose of non-concurring in the
amendment of the House and asking for a
committee of conference.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan asks unanimous consent to consider
the amendment of the House to a Senate bill,
for the purpose of non-concurring and asking
for a committee of conference. The title will
be reported.
The Chief Clerk. A bill (S. No. 245)
amendatory of an act authorizing the con
struction of a bridge across the Arkansas
river.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear the
amendment read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment of the
House of Representatives is in line two to
strike out the words " said act" and to insert
in lieu thereof " an act to authorize the con-
struction of a bridge across the Arkansas
river at Little Rock, Arkansas, approved July
1, 1870;" at the end of the first section to
insert, "the piers Of said bridge shall be par-
allel with the current of said river;" and iu
lino eighteen of section two, after the word
"require," to insert the words " the Secretary
of War."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why do we not concur ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Iwill move a non-con-
currence if there be no objection, but the Sen-
ator from Arkansas [Mr. Rice] wishes to have
the amendment non-concurred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
taking it up, and having a committee of con-
ference appointed.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives; and
the Senate non-concurred in the amendment
and asked a committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses; and the
committee was ordered to be appointed by the
Vice President.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 1537) to repeal the
existing duties on tea and coffee, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 864) to extend the time
of payment for their lands by persons holding
preemptions on the public lands in the State
of Minnesota, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lauds.
The joint resolution (II. R. No. 103) author-
izing the President to open negotiations with
all civilized nations in reference to captives in
war, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a me-
morial of the council and house of represent-
atives of Colorado Territory, remonstrating
against section five of a bill to promote the
development of the mineral resources of the
United States, introduced into the House of
Representatives by Mr. Sargent, of California,
containing the provision that after the passage
of the act, and until a patent shall have been
issued, not less than twenty-five dollars' worth
of labor shall be expended or improvements
made upon each claim of two hundred feet
during each year; which was referred to the
Committee on Mines and Mining, and ordered
to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Kansas, in favor of an appropriation
for the erection of a building at the capital of
that State for the accommodation of the Uni-
ted States courts, post office, internal reve-
nue officers, and pension office; which were
referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of South Carolina, for the passage of
the bill for the sale of the Government prop-
erty in Beaufort county, in that State ; which
were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Alabama, for a grant of public
lands to aid in the construction of the Colum-
bus, Fayette, and Decatur railroad; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SPENCER. I also present a memo-
rial of the General Assembly of the State of
Alabama, which represents that thousands of
acres of land entered in accordance with the
act of Congress, approved August 14, 1854,
are now held by innocent purchasers, who are
cultivating those lands and have paid a fair
consideration for the same, believing the cer-
tificate of purchase to be good evidence that
patents would bo issued by the United States,
whereas proof is now required to be made to
the Land Office of full compliance with the
laws in such cases provided, which, in a ma-
jority of instances, is impossible on account
of the long lapse of time, death, and many
other causes. The memorialists therefore re-
spectfully ask that an act be passed by Con-
gress granting relief in all cases where the
main object of the law, the cultivation of the
land, has been complied with. I move the
reference of the memorial to the Committee
on Public Lands, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RICE presented the petition of Henry
C. Calhoun, James W. Jackson, and two hun-
dred other residents of Jefferson and Jackson
counties, Arkansas, praying the passage of
the supplementary civil rights bill; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petitions of
Erwin Wood and Henry Hinds, publishers of
newspapers, praying for an amendment of the
postal laws so that persons known as regular
dealers in newspapers and periodicals may
receive by mail such quantities of either as
they may require, in bulk, whether wholly or
iu part printed, and pay postage thereon, as
received, at the same pro rata as regular sub-
scribers to publications weighing four ounccs,
who pay quarterly in advance; which were
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of E. Miller,
type-founder, and fifteen others, workers in his
establishment in the city of St. Paul, Minne-
sota, remonstrating against any change in the
tariff laws abating the duties on printing types,
now successfully produced in American found-
eries, and praying for a repeal of all duties on
the raw material used in .the production of
type, namely, tin, antimony, and type-metal,
so that home industries may be fostered and
defended; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. IfERRY, of Michigan. I present the
remonstrance of citizens of Grand Rapids,
Michigan, against the passage of the Chicago
fire relief bill, signed by Thomas D. Gilbert,
W. B. Ledyard, M. V. Aldridge, M. L. Sweet,
John Chaney, A. Roberts & Son, L. H. Ran-
dall, Wiuderly & Co., William T. Powers,
Robinson, Solomon & Co., Ryerson, Hills &
Co., William A. Howard, L. H. Withey &
Co., 0. C. Comstock, Brown, Wilson & Co.,
E. M. Doubleday, and S. A. Browne. I would
also state that the gentleman who heads this list
holds largely of stock in a banking building
in Chicago destroyed and crippled by the fire.
He is now president of a bank at Grand Rap-
ids. I move that this remonstrance lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I also present
a notice by dispatch of a momorial coming,
remonstrating against the passage of the same
bill from an interest in another quarter, rep-
resenting three hundred million feet of lum-
ber. I move that it lie on tho table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I also present
a memorial signed by Arthur Truesdell and
two hundred and thirty others, of Muskegon,
Michigan, the heading of which I will read, as
it is something of importance relating to Mus-
kegon harbor:
Wo, tho undorsignod, citizens of Muskegon, and
State of Michigan, would respectfully represent that,
the city of Muskegonis the countyseatof Muskegon
county, and situated on Muskegon lake, near the
outlet of Muskegon lake and river into Lake Michi-
gan; that said city contains about eight thousand
inhabitants, (its population having doubled in tho
last five years, being the largest and most important
city on the eastern shore of Lake Michigan;) that
there areat said city twenty-eightsaw-mills, mostly
of large size, manufacturing annually from two hun-
dred to two hundred and fifty million feet of lumber;
that most of this lumber is shipped from Michigan
by water, as is also a large quantity manufactured
on the river above, as well as a largo quantity of
shingles, railroad ties, staves, &e.; that a largo num-
ber of steamers, propellers, and sail vessels are an-
nually employed in the Muskegon trade, the num-
ber of vessels of all classes entered at the port of
Muskegon for the year 1871 being 2,512, with a ton-
nage of 437,712 tons.
They pray that an appropriation be made
for that harbor with a view of making it a per-
manent harbor of refuge. I move the refer-
ence of the petition to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Ann McTauge, widow of Neal McTauge, a
soldier in the United States Army, praying the
passage of a special act granting her a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Samuel Gardiner, jr., praying investigation
of the use of his patent apparatus for lighting
gas by electricity in the Capitol of the United
States, in order that he may be awarded
equitable compensation.therefor; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents.
He also presented the petition of Caroline
Hartman, praying to be allowed bounty; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. WINDOM presented the petition of B.
F. Cram and sixty-three others, citizens of
Minnesota, late soldiers of the United States
Army, praying for the passage of a bill equal-
izing the bounties of Union soldiers in the late
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. STEVENSON presented the petition
of William P. Conner, of Bath county, Ken-
tucky, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities ; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented the petition
of C. H. Davis, publisher of the Ashland
Times, Saunders county, Nebraska, praying
for the passage of an act that persons known
as dealers in newspapers and periodicals may
receive by mail such quantities as they may
require, in bulk, whether wholly or in part
printed, and pay the postage thereon as re-
ceived, at the same rates pro rata as regu-
lar subscribers to publications weighing four
ounces, who pay quarterly in advance ; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. CALDWELL presented a petition of
cilizens of Fort Scott, Kansas, praying for the
passage without delay of Senate bill No. 558,
for the relief of actual settlers upon the Cher-
okee neutral lands in Kansas; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of' Rich-
ard T. Sale, of Richmond, Virginia, praying
indemnity for losses sustained during the war;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of William
