232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. ii. No.
778) to change the name of the schooner An-
drew Stewart; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
congressional debates
Mr. PRICE. I rise to make a privileged
report. The Committee on Printing have in-
structed me to report the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be :
directed to inquire into the cost, of reporting and ;
printing the debates of Congress, and to report by ;
bill or otherwise.
The resolution was agreed to.
remotal of disabilities. ;
Mr. McKEE. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce and put upon its passage a bill to
remove the political disabilities of certain cit-
izens of Mississippi. I hope no objection will
be made. This is a bill to relieve from dis-
abilities some six or eight men, Democrats, :
Republicans, and Conservatives, before the
1st of January. j
Mr. COX. I object to that. I want a gen-
eral bill, if anything. j
Several Members. Do not insist on your !
objection. !
Mr. COX. The longer we pass these bills |
the longer will the general bill be delayed. \
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read for j
information, after which objections will be in •
order. ;
The bill was read.
The SPEAKER. Is there unanimous eon- ;
sent that the bill be now introduced ? ' i
Mr. COX. If the gentleman fiom Missis- !
sippi [Mr. McKee] will allow me to offer an i
amendment giving universal amnesty, I will I
agree to it. Otherwise I object. I
The SPEAKER. The Chair could not en- !
tertain a conditional objection. The gentle- !|
man from Mississippi could not make a bar- ■ ■
gain of that kind. The objection must be jj
absolute. ji
Mr. COX. Then I object.
The SPEAKER. As the gentleman exer- j
cises his right of objection, the bill is not be- \
fore the House.
And then, on motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, ;
(at four o'clock and eight minutes p. m.,j the I',
House adjourned. j;
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c.. were presented,
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS : The petition of Louis L.
Wijitney, St-phen Dow, and others, citizens of
Woburn, Massachusetts, for repeal of law tax-
ing savings banks.
Also, the petition of James 0. Curtis, Ed-
ward Brooks. Thacher Magown, and others,
citizens of Medi'ord, Massachusetts, for the
repeal of tax on savings banks.
Also,'the memorial of John A. Appleton,
president of savings bank, Haverhill, Massa-
chusetts, and sundry others, citizens of Haver-
hill, officers and depositors in savings banks, for
the repeal of the tax on savings banks.
Also, the memorial of Charles Becker, a
citizen of Mew York, protesting against inju-
ries suffered by him from the Government of
Belgium, and a«kiug relief satisfactory therefor.
By Mr. BINGHAM: The memorial of the
Ohio j early meeting of Friend^, held at Salem,
Ohio, praying that the United States nego-
tiate, as far as possible, for the settlement of
alf national difficulties by arbitration, and the
disarmament of nations.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Horatio Wood and 15 others, o>
Lowell, Massachusetts, for the immediate re-
peal of the tax on savings banks.
By Mr. BUCKLEY : The petition of Judge
J. McC. Wiley and otlicr3, asking for the es-
tablishment of a uosr route ftom Rocky Head
to Hawridge, Dale county, State of Alabama.
i By Mr. DUELL: The petition of Sewall B.
1 Corbett, William B. Lacy, and Lott W. Brocker,
: praying Congress to allow the Court of Claims
i to hear and decide certain cases pending in
I said court.
I By Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio: The petition of
■ Thomas Curran and iio others, soldiers of the
i rebellion, asking for land bounty and increase
, by equitable payments of bounties according
| to service.
j By Mr. GRIFFITH: Petition aud papers in
i case of John P. Reed.
Also, petition and papers in the case of
William Cousin.
Also, petition and papers in the case of John
B. Hogue.
By Mr. HANDLEY: The petition of Alabama
senators and others, of Alabama, asking that
the disabilities of Eldridge Barker be removed.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of Bailey &
; Noyes and others, stationers, praying to be :
relieved from Government competition in the
stationery business.
! Also, the petit'on of John M. Goodwin and
others, citizens of Biddeford, Maine, asking a
, repeal of tax on savings banks.
Also, the petition of A. Kellure, for indem-
nity for property taken for use of the Army.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition and ac-
companying papers of William E. Elliott, of
Rutherford county, Tennessee, praying com-
pensation for an invoice of goods lost during
the war on a vessel seized for the use of the
Government, and destroyed by the enemy.
By Mr. MeCRARY : The petition of Mary
Vincent, widow of Thomas Vincent. for land
warrant.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of William
Pope Dabney, of Powhatan county, Virginia,
praying the removal of the Segal and political :
disabilities imposed upon him by the third sec-
tion of the fourteenth amendment to the Con- 1
stitution of the United States.
Also, the petition of Mrs Catharine Ger-
hardt, of Henrico county, Virginia, praying '
for a pension.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The petition of the
officers of tbe Mercantile Savings Institution
of Boston, Massachusetts, for the repeal of thp
tax now imposed upon deposits in savings ■
banks.
NOTICE OF a BILL. !
The following notice for leave to introduce ;
a bill was given under the rule:
By Mr. HERNDON: A. bill to provide a )
suitable building for the United States courts,
post office, and revenue officers in the city of !
Tyler, State of Texas.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 20, 1871,
Prayer by Rev. S. A. Wilson', of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
resolutions on the calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to state to the Senate that to save space
and expense in the printing of the Calendar,
if there be no objection, the Secretary will
remove from the Calendar the resolutions sub-
mitted at the session beginning in March last,
most of which are out of date, except where
the Senator offering a resolution desires that
it be continued on the Calendar. These res- 1
olutions occupy half a page or more of the '
Calendar, and most of them have passed away :
from the urgent consideration of the Senate.
Any Senator desiring any resolution submitted
by him to remain on the Calendar, by signi-
fying that wish to the Secretary can have it
remain during this session of Congress ; but
the retention of all these resolutions involves
some printing every week. The Chair hears
no objection to carrying out the suggestion he
makes. i
j! Mr. SUMNEli. 1 find one resolution mtro*
i duced by myself, which I should lik<? to have
:j referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. In regard to San
j Domingo? The Senator reintroduced that
! yesterday.
I Mr. SUMNER. No; a resolution of May
J 18, 1871, with reference to an amendment of
i the rules. It appears on the Calendar iu this
j way :
"Resolution by Mr. Sumseb. to amend the rules
of the Senate so as to provide for the consideration
of treaties with foreign Powers in open session. May
is, 1*71. Submitted."
1'he VICE PRESIDENT. The-Senator from
Massachusetts desires to have this resolution
referred to the Committee un Foreign Rela-
tions. Is there ohjec'ion to its reference?
Mr. CONKLING. It uught iu go to the
Committee on Rules, aud not to the Com-
, mittee on Foreign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts consent to its refer-
ence to that committee?
Mr. SUMNER. I am perfectly willing that
it should go* to one or both: but my itnpres*
: sion is that tbe question whether a treaty
should be discussed in open or iu secret ses-
sion is more a question tor the Committee on
Foreign Relations than for the Committee on
Rules.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As there appears
to be some difference in regard to it, the res-
olution will remain on the Calendar, and the
Senate can take action hereafter. The pre-
sentation of petitions and memorials is the
business now regularly iu order.
commit the service.
Mr. DAVIS, ot Wrest Virginia, on his own
motion, was excused from further service upon
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims and
the Committee on Engrossed Bills.
ihe VICE PRESIDENT was by unani-
mous consent authorized to fill the vacancies;
and Mr. Norwood was appointed a member
of each of the committees named.
postal code
Mr. RAMSEY. On Monday, when I was
absent from the Senate, a bill"came from the
House of Representatives to revise, consol-
idate, and amend the statutes relating to the
Post Office Department. By inattention, I
suppose, on the part of the members of the
Post Office Committee, it was allowed to go
to the Committee on the Re\ ixon of the Laws.
Its proper reference is to the Pusr Office Com-
mittee. I'ask that the iefeience mav be
changed, and that the bill be sent to the Com-
mittee on Pobt Offices and Post Roads, before
which it has been for the last, two or three
sessions.
1 he V ICE PRESIDEN f. The Senator from
Minnesota states that the hill r fj. R, \0. 1)
consolidating the statutes relating to the Post
Office Department, which came from the. House
of Representatives a few days ago. was referred
to the Committee on th e li evision of the Laws;
but as it has been under discussion for some
time by the Post Oflice Committees of the two
Houses, he asks to have the reference changed
to the Senate Committee on Post 0ffic< s and
Post Roads. Is there any objection to that
proposition ? The Chair hears none, and it is
so ordered.
treaty of washington.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate.for leave at this time to
make a motion to discharge the Committee
on Foreign Relations from the consideration
of the bill that came from the House i f Rep-
resentatives to provide (or the expenses of the
Geneva commission, and also the bill for the
expenses of the mixed commission, with a
view of taking them up and passing them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion 1
