1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1129
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir; we
loan them to him for use at Philadelphia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. For the purpose of mak-
ing engravings from them, I suppose?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. For the pur-
pose of illustrating a book which he is now
publishing on the subject of corals and coral
islands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You mean the original
plates from which engravings were originally
made?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Yes, sir.
By unanimous consent the bill was read
three times, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 677) to authorize the Secretary of War to
accept the peninsula in Lake Erie, opposite
the harbor of Erie, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. G78) granting lands to aid in the construc-
tion of canals and river improvements in the
State of Florida; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 079) to provide for the irrigation of the
lands lying between Boise and Snake rivers,
in Idaho Territory ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 680) to encourage the growth of
timber on western prairies; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 081) to provide for the reporting and
printing of the debates in Congress; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Printing, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sentobtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
682) to amend the act entitled "An act to
divide the State of Virginia into two judicial
districts;" which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 683) in relation to the absentee Shawnee
lands in Kansas ; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. G84) granting lands to certain counties in
Alabama for the purpose of promoting the
cause of education; which was read twice by
its title.
Mr. SPENCER. I wish to state that this
bill has been sent to me from my State by a
distinguished member of the Legislature, and
I have not had time to examine all its provis-
ions. I move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL JUNCTION RAILROAD.
Mr. EDMUNDS submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to:
Rctolvcd, That the Governor of the District of
Columbia be, and he is hereby, directed to transmit to
the Senate an official copy of an act of the Legisla-
tive Assembly of fcaid District, approved August 18,
1871, entitled "An act, to incorporate the National
Junction Railroad Company," together with the
remonstrance of certain property-holders along N
street, in the city of Washington, laid before the
said Assembly, or a committee thereof, prior to the
passage of said act upon the gamo.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER BRIDGES.
Mr. HARLAN. I move tliat the Senate
take up Senate bill No. 547 for considera-
tion.
Mr. COLE. I made a request of that kind
awhile ago, and I trust the Senator from Iowa
will not interfere with it. I think he would
not if he saw the object of it.
Mr. HARLAN. What is the bill?
Mr. COLE. It is in reference to the over-
land mails that are now blocked. I believe
the railroad companies are not using due dili-
gence to put the mails through; and on the
other hand I am warned by persons on whom
I rely, who have recently come over, that the
mail trains are delayed for the purpose of
allowing tea trains and other freight trains to
be put ahead, and the mails are thus ob-
structed to a very great extent and delayed
much longer than they should be. I hope I
shall be allowed to have the bill taken up, as
the use of it depends upon its speedy consid-
eration and action.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business having concluded, the Senator from
California did not claim the floor, but the Sen-
ator from Iowa did claim it. The Chair did
not, however, announce the conclusion of the
morning business.
Mr. HARLAN. I think there will be time
enough before one o'clock to consider both
bills. This is a small matter.
Mr. COLE. I made a similar request awhile
ago, and I think the Senator could not have
heard me, or perhaps he would not have inter-,
fered with my request.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That request
was not concurred in a few moments since.
Then the motion of the Senator from Iowa is
before the Senate, there being no other morn-
ing business apparently.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 547) to authorize the constructibn of a
bridge across the Mississippi river, at or near
the town bf Clinton, in the State of Iowa, and
to establish it as a post road, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill bad been reported by the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads with amend-
ments.
The first amendment was in section one, line
five, to strike out the words "or near the town
of Clinton, in the State of Iowa," and in lieu
thereof to insert, "such point on said river,
within fifteen miles of the town of Clinton, in
the State of Iowa, as may accommodate the
Chicago, Burlington, and Quincy railroad, and
its connections on the west side of said river."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
section one, from line twelve to line seventeen,
the words "and that when constructed all
trains of all roads terminating at said river, at
or opposite said point, shall be allowed to cross
said bridge for reasonable compensation, and
reasonable compensation may also be charged
for the use of said bridge as a highway, to be
made to the owners of said bridge," and after
the word "provided," inline eighteen, to insert
"that said bridge shall not interfere with the
free navigation of said river beyond what is
necessary in or<ter to carry into effect the rights
and privileges hereby granted."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amentSm'mt was at the end of the
first section to add the following proviso :
Provided, That said bridge shall not bo so located
or constructed as to interfere in any manner with the
approaches to the railroad bridge now erected at
Clinton, or with the piers of the same, or so as to
obstruct in any manner the passege of said bridge
by boats, vessels, or rafts, or to render such passage
more difficult or dangerous: Provided, hovszver, That
this clause shall not be construed to prohibit the
crossing of the approaches to said bridge, ii seen
crossing shall be found necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
line twenty-five, after the word "river," to in-
sert " where said bridge may be erected: And
provided also;" so as to read:
And the piers of said bridge shall bo parallel
with the current of the river where said bridge may
be erected: And provided also, That said draw shall
be opened promptly, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in
section two, from line twenty-seven to line
thirty-two, the following words:
Whose construction shall not be such as to admit
of their passage under the permanent spans of said
bridge, except when trains are passing over the
same: butin no casosball unnecessary delay occur
in opening the said draw during or after the passage
of trains.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of section three, "and the United States
shall have the right of way for postal tele-
graph purposes across said bridge."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing additional section:
Sec. 4. That all railway companies desiring to
use the said bridge shall have and be entitled to
equal rights and privileges in the passage of the
same, and in the use ot' the machinery and fixtures
thereof, and of all the approaches thereto, under and
upon such terms and conditions as shall be pre-
scribed by the district court of the United States for
the , upon hearing the allegations and proofs
of the parties in case they shall not agree.
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to fill the blank by
inserting " district of Iowa."
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the attention of
the Senator from Iowa, who has charge of this
bill. Has the Senator considered the pro-
priety, constitutional or otherwise, of charging
upon a district judge of the United States, or
a district court of the United States, the duty
of deciding between railroad companies tho
terms upon which one or more of them may
use this bridge?
Mr. HARLAN. It is an amendment pro-
posed by the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads. I suppose they have considered
that subject. I understand from the chair-
man of that committee that it is a clause which
is usual, which has been put in all such bills.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am not sufficiently
familiar with the usual form of clause em-
ployed. I think I have seen, however, in
some bills of this general character, a power
proposed to be vested in the district courts
which would be more properly vested, in my
judgment, in one of the Departments here at
Washington. I would suggest that the power
should be confided to the Secretary of the
Interior, or to the Secretary of War, acting,
of course, through the engineer department-
Mr. RAMSEY. I can only inform the Sen-
ator from California that several bridge bills
authorizing the construction of bridges on
western waters, the Mississippi, the Ohio, and
the Missouri, have contained this provision,
which has never heretofore been criticised at
all.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have the pro-
vision read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment will be again reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment re-
ported as section four.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am opposed very de-
cidedly to charging any such duty upon tho
district judge or the district court. There is
nothing that can be rendered more embarrass-
ing to him in regard to the discbarge of his
judicial duties than to add to them a duty so
foreign as this is, and which may involve much
time and much labor in the hearing of testi-
mony and the decision between conflicting
claimants. It is not in any proper sense a
judicial question. It is more properly an
executive question. It ought to be confided
to the executive department of the Govern-
ment. ,
Mr. HABLAN. If *ne honorable Senator
will permit me, 1 have no objection to the
change he suggests.
