1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2025
then where is your advantage ? The force of
the argument is destroyed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, the trouble is that when these free-trade
theories are advanced there never can be found
a country to which they are applicable. Take
the position of Prance and England. When
they made that great free-trade commercial
treaty, it operated at first to utterly destroy
all the silk business of England ; bat after the
close of the recent war between France and
Germany, Prance, with her increased taxation,
found that she could not stand that treaty, and
has already given notice that she will annul it.
In reference to iron, the product of the
world has not increased as fast as the wants
of the world. Ships and buildings on land
are now constructed to a large extent of iron.
Why, sir, we have built within the last year
six thousand miles of railroad. Of course
the demand for railroad iron is greater than it
ever was before in tjie world. The establish-
ments for the manufacture of railroad iron
that answered the purposes of the world three
years ago will not now answer at all.
Then this sudden and marvelous manufac-
ture ot'Bessemer steel has a demand unprece-
dented. It is found that it will outlast iron
some six, eight, or ten times. It is not known
how long it will last. The world has not ex-
isted long enough since its first introduction
even to test it. Of course the increased de-
mand for this article has increased its price;
but strike down the facilities for producing it
in any one country where it is produced to any
extent, and of course the price would mount
up very much higher.
Rut there was one statement of the Senator
from Ohio (and it was only to reply to that
that I rose) which I desire to notice. I know
the Senator from Ohio would not make the
statement unless he belived it; but he has
taken it second-handed, and it is repeated
from time to time, and it is utterly without
foundation. He states here that the manufac-
turers of the country that require protection
are constantly increasing in their demands
year by year. Now let us see what the facts
are. I will take iron. In 1842 the duties upon
iron, bars flat, one to seven inches wide and
one quarter to two inches thick, were twenty-
five dollars a ton; in 1840 they were thirty per
cent. ; in 1857, twenty-four per eent.; and by
the tariff of 1861 they were but fifteen dollars
a ton. There was a reduction of two fifths in
that time upon bar iron.
Take pig iron. The amount of tariff duty
in 1842 on pig iron was nine dollars a ton. in
1861, six dollars. I do not pretend to say that
since the war, with our paper currency, with
our increased taxation, we have not been com-
pelled for purposes of revenue to charge a
much higher rate, but I utterly deny the state-
ment of the Senator that we have increased
our duties for purposes of protection.
Take sheet iron. In 1842, the duties upon
sheet-iron, not thinner than No. 20 wire gauge,
were two and a half cents per pound ; in 1846,
thirty per cent.; in 1857, twenty-four per cent.;
in 1851, but twenty dollars a ton, or a little less
than one cent a pound, or more than one half
less than they were in 1842.
Take the article of cut nails. In 1842, the
duty was three cents a pound ; in 1861, one cent
per pouud. And so 1 could go through with
the list, but I merely take the subject of iron
because iron is up.
Why, sir, the debate on this subject reminds
me of a story that was told in Ohio originally,
I believe. Some demagogue was about and
told a poor man he had to pay three cents a
pouud for every.nail'that was put into his log
cabin. The duty was three cents apound, but
at the very same time you could buy nails by
the ton for two and seven eighths cents apound.
That is all I desire to say.
Mr. THUlt-VlAN. The Senator from Ver-
mont tells us that free trade, however beauti-
ful it may be in theory, has never found a
country to which it is applicable. I will no-
tice that remark presently somewhat in detail.
But 1 wish in the first place to premise that
1 have heard precisely the same remark made
about some of the most solemn and important
things that have ever been revealed to man-
kind. I have heard the same remark made
about the Decalogue, that it was a very fine
thing, but there never was any country found
to which it could be applied. I have heard
the same remark made about the instruction
of our Saviour, "If thine enemy smite thee
on the one cheek, turn to him theother," that
it was a very beautiful sentiment, but there
never was any country found or auy man who
could practice any such doctrine. And so
there never was a truth in this world that there
was not somebody interested in saying, "It is
very fine in theory, but it will not do in prac-
tice." Sir, that argument will not do.
The Senator says there never has been a
country in which free trade has been found
practical. What is his own country? Here
are thirty-seven States, with halt'a dozen Ter-
ritories, m which there exists the most abso-
lute free trade, and underyour Constitution it
must exist. If it is in the interest of this coun-
try to impose heavy duties upon imports from
abroad, by a parity of reasoning it is to the
interest of Ohio to prohibit the manufactures
of Vermont from coming into her borders
unless they pay a like duty. What right has
Massachusetts to flood Ohio with shoes to the
exclusion very nearly of the work of theshoe-
makers of Ohio if this doctrine is true, that it
is necessary to t.he welfare of the country that
it should lay heavy duties upon everything that
comes within its borders ? What right is there,
forsooth, that the Onondaga salt-works should
send their salt into Ohio to compete with the
salt produced within that State if the interest
of Ohio requires that it should be excluded,
or that it should pay a heavy duty? And so
on to the end of the chapter. And yet with
the fact staring him in the face that in a
Republic extending from occan to ocean,
and almost from the arctic to the torrid zone,
a Republic almost as large as all Europe put
together, there is absolute free trade between
the different parts of that Republic, between
the different States in it, and that under this
free system guarantied by the .Constitution the
liepublic has grown as no country ever grew
before, the Senator sneers at free trade and
says that no country has ever been found to
which the doctrine could be applied. No, sir;
that will not do.
Nobody pretends, however, that between
this couutry and the world there should be
absolute free trade. The exigencies of the
Government prohibit it. Whether it wouldbe
beneficial to all mankind to abolish all duties
is a question that it is not necessary to dis-
cuss. Whether the doctrine that it is best to
buy where you can buy cheapest, and sell
where jou can get the best market, ought to
be the law of the whole world, so as to make
the people of the whole globe one community
in the matter of commerce and trade, it is not
necessary to decide, because every Govern-
ment must raise some taxes to support it, and
almost every Government sees fit to raise some
portion of them by imposts upon goods that
are brought within its borders for sale. And
so with our Government, and for all time it
will do it.
It is very true that some persons have
thought that it was not a very fair mode of
taxation, for what is the effect of it? The
effect of supporting Government by taiiff
duties is to put the burden of the Government
upon the consumers of the country; the taxes
are paid by the consumers of the country,
whereas the taxes for State purposes and all
direct taxes are put upon the property of the
country. By raising the meaus to support the
Government by duties, you compel a man with
ever so small a property, but who has an ex-
pensive family, to pay as much taxes as Alex-
ander T. Stewart may pay upon his individual
expenditures. That is the result of it; and
there have been men who thought, in the inter-
est of the poor men of the country, in the
interest of men whom they thought ought not
to be subjected to this taxation, that a system
which imposes all the burdens of supporting
the Government upon the consumption of the
country, which makes the poor man pay per-
haps more than the man who is worth a thou-
sand times as much as he, is not the fairest
system in the world and not the best for the
country. But still, as 1 said before, the people
have always preferred, as shown by the his-
tory of the country, to raise the bulk of taxes
necessary to support the Federal Government
from customs.
Why have they done that ? They have done it
for a reason that seems to have escaped the at-
tention of almost every one who reasons on this
subject. They have done it because the great
bulk of taxes raised in the country before the
immense levies that the General Government
has made since the war began were raised by
the States and not by the General Government,
and they were direct taxes. The States went
upon the principle, and had to go upon the
principle of levying direct taxes. They taxed
property ; and taking into view thatso far as the
States were concerned the taxation was upon
property, it was thought not so unfair, not so
unjust that forthe support of the General Gov-
ernment taxation should be upon consumption.
That has been the argument, and the people
have so understood it. I say, if the States had
not raised their taxes by direct taxation so that
property should bear its fair-share, the people
of this country never would have endured the
system of supporting the Federal Goverment
by duties upon imports. It is only because
property is taxed by the States, and thus com-
pelled to contribute its share, or what is sup-
posed to be its share, that the people of this
country have been willing that consumption
should be taxed for the purpose of supporting
the General Government.
But the Senator from Vermont says that I
am quite mistaken in faying that the manu-
facturers have demanded increased duties.
That surprises me. How does he prove that
I am mistaken? By proving that there have
been reductions in the duties. Yes, sir; but
does not everybody know that every one of
those reductions has been made against the
will of the protected clas* of the country ?
He speaks ot the duties in jlo42, and then the
duties in 1857 and 1861. How came that?
Why, sir, we passed the tariff act of 1846 low-
ering the duties ; and how did we pass that act?
1 happen to know something about that. I
was a very humble member of the other House,
and helped to pass that act, and I know we
passed it against the most persistent fight on
the part of the manufacturers that ever was
made in the Congress of the United States.
I hear yet ringing in my ears the predictions
of ruin to the manufacturers of this country
if that act should pass. In regard to this very
iron interest I can still hear the warning voice
of the member from Pennsylvania represent-
ing the Umontown district, and who was called
the head and father of the protection party,
warning us that we would shut 'up every fur-
nace and foundery throughout the length and
breadth of this land if we passed that act.
Well, sir, the event was not such as waspre-
dicted, and it never will be such as is predicted
by such prophets.
But again, the Senatorfrom Indiana says that
the general effect of lncreasingduties has been
to lower piices. He says that lie admits he
cannot see why it is so. Like Lord Dundreary
he says, *' No fellow can tell that." [Laugh-
ter.] It is a puzzle he cannot understand at
all. Theory is against it; logic is against it;
mathematics are against it; but he says the
fact is nevertheless so. It is amazing to me
that so able a mau as the Senator from Indiana
did not get a very simple idea into his head,
