1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3817
appropriation bill, which passed yesterday.
We intended that it should appropriate
$40,0U0, tor emergencies which may arise at
naval stations. The estimate of the Depart-
ment was $100,000: but by some freak of
print it appears in the bill as $40. I ask that
the amount be made $40,000 in the bill before
it goes over to the Senate.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask unanimous con-
sent to have the following appropriation in-
serted in the sund ry civil appropriation bill:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to reimburse
the funeral expenses of the late Admiral David G.
Farragut, to be paid to his widow, $2,000.
If the House will indulge me a single mo-
ment, I will say a word or two in explanation.
Mr. COX. That is unnecessary. The pro-
position is all right.
There was no objection, and the amend-
ment moved by Mr. Maynaud was ordered to
be included in the bill.
REPORT OF JIAJOB \V. E. MERRILL.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be. and heis
hereby, directed to transmit the report made by
Major William E. Merrill, United States engineers,
to General A. A. Humphreys, chief of engineers
United States Army, January 30,1872, with accom-
panying papers, in regard to the construction ot a
dam with lock and shute across the Ohio river, at
McKee's rocks, <Xc., for the purpose of having the
Baid report printed for the use of the House.
damage to nbw yoiik harbor.
Mr. KERB. I yield to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Beatty,] the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House live hundred copies of thereport, with accom-
panying papers, relating to the damage dono to the
harbor of New York.
report on immigration.
Mr. BEATTY, from the same committee,
reported the following concurrent resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed in German, for the use of the Treasury De-
partment, ten thousand copies of the report of the
chief of the Bureau of Statistics on immigration.
Mr. BROOKS. What is the object of that?
Mr. BEATTY. These copies are to be
printed for circulation in Europe.
Mr. SARGENT. Will not this necessitate
a translation and a resetting of type?
Mr. BEATTY. The report has already been
translated. The expenses will be $1,150.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to move that the report he piinted
also in French. A translation can be furnished
if none has been made.
Mr. BEAT TY. There has been no resolu-
tion to that, effect before the committee.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is amend-
able.
Mr. BANKS. I thought a proposition to
print copies in the French language had been
referred to the committee. A translation can
be procurred. This is an important document
both for the French and the Germans. It repre-
sents the advantages of this country for immi-
grants, and is very important for us. I hope
no gentleman will object to my amendment.
Mr. DICKEY. You must increase the num-
ber of copies if your amendment is adopted.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend the resolu-
tion so that there shall be ten thousand copies
printed in the German language, and ten thou-
sand copies in the French language.
The amendment was agreed to; and the
resolution, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. KERR. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Peters,] chair-
man of the Committee on the Library.
UNITED STATES EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
Mr. PETERS. I ask, on behalf of the Com-
mittee on the Library, to have taken from the
Speaker's table the bill (S. No. 934) to pro-
vide for the completion of three volumes of
the Wilkes United States Exploring Expedi-
tion.
The bill was read. It authorizes the joint
Committee on the Library to contract for the
completion of three unfinished volumes of the
United States Exploring Expedition of the
years 1838 to 1842, to consist of the physics
and hydrography of the expedition by Charles
Wilkes, and the volume of botany of the ex-
pedition, by John Torrey and others ; said
publication to be made in the same style as
the volumes heretofore published, and dis-
tributed in the same manner, provided that
no more than $9,000 shall in any case be
required to finish said volumes.
Mr. PETERS. I can explain the bill in a
moment. The Wilkes Exploring Expedition
was to be published in twenty-four volumes;
seventeen have been completed and seven are
uncompleted. The committee, after a great
deal of painstaking, have come to the conclu-
sion to publish three more volumes, and com-
plete the work with twenty volumes instead of
twenty-four. We thought from the estimates
it would cost $7,000, and we have put in the
bill " not to exceed $9,000." A large share
of the work will be done at the Public Printing
Office.
Mr. BEATTY. Does not the law require
this bill to go to the Committee on Print-
ing?
The SPEAKER. It came from the Com-
mittee on the Library of the Senate, as the
Chair understands.
Mr. PETERS. From thejoint Committee on
the Library. I think it is judicious to com-
plete a work which has been on our hands for
so many years. Congress has already spent
$300,000 on this work, and this bill does not
appropriate any money.
Mr. BEATTY. That is no reason why we
should expend $50,000 more.
Mr. PETERS. These volumes are to be
sent to the public libraries, and to those foreign
nations with whom we have exchanges.
Mr. BEATTY. I make the point that the
law requires that this bi'l shall go to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. PETERS. A good deal of the work
has already been done. The sheets are printed
of two of the volumes.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Beatty J insistsonthe pointoforder,
the Chair thinks ho is compelled to sustain it.
This is a piece of printing which will cost more
than five hundred dollars.
Mr. PETERS. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done. It
is a law which requires the reference.
Mr. PETERS. This matter has been under
consideration by the Committee on the Library
for two Congresses, and the Government has
already spent $300,000 on this work.
The SPEAKER. That does not go to the
point of order. If the gentleman from Ohio
insists upon the point of order, the Chair must
sustain it.
Mr. BEATTY. I do.
The bill was then taken from the Speaker's
table, read a first and second time, and re-
ferred under the law to the Committee on
Printing.
Subsequently the objection was withdrawn
by Mr. Beatty, and the bill was read a third
time, and passed.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER. OF BUSINESS.
Mr. KERR. I yield for a moment to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I have a little bill from the
Committee of Ways and Means which I desire
to have passed. It will not cause any debate.
It is merely to authorize the sale of a portion
of a light-house reservation.
Mr. SESSIONS. I rise to a point of order,
and it is that a member cannot obtain the floor
on a privileged question and then parcel out
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York objects to the gentleman from Indiana
yielding, and he must therefore proceed.
LANDS SOLD FOR DIRECT TAXES.
Mr. KERR. I now call up the motion to
reconsider the vote by which Senate bill No.
780, with the House substitute therefor, to
provide for the redemption and sale of lands
held by the United States under the several
acts levying direct taxes, was recommitted to
the Committee of Ways and Means, for the
purpose of having it considered at this time.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to offer an amendment at the proper
time, so that it may be acted upon by the
House.
Mr. KERR. I will do so.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. KERR. I now withdraw the motion to
recommit.
The SPEAKER. The- question is upon
agreeing to the substitute reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means for the Senate
bill.
The substitute was as follows :
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following:
That all the lands now owned or hold by the
United States by virtue of proceedings under tho
act entitled "An actfor thecollcction of direct taxes
in the insurrectionary districts within the United
States, and for other purposes," approved June 7,
1862, and underacts supplementary thereto, or upon
the same subject-matter, may be redeemed and re-
stored to such persons as shall make application
therefor to the Secretary of the Treasury, through
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, within two
years from the passage of this act, and furnish satis-
factory evidence to said Department thai, such per-
son or apphcait in each case was at the time the
United States acquired title thereto the legal own er
of such land, or the heir at law, or devisee, or
grantee, in good faith, and for valuable considera-
tion, of such legal owner; but betore such redemp-
tion shall bo awarded and title restored on any &uch
application and proof, such applicant shall pay into
the Treasury of the United States the direct tax
charged against tho lands described in such applica-
tion, together with the cost of advertising and of the
sale ot said lands, and all other proper charges
against the same, and interest on said tax from the
date of its assessment at the rate of ten per cent,
per annum, and interest on said costs and charges
at the same rate, from the time they accrued and were
payable: Provided, however, Thatif any other person
or persons than such applicant shall in any case make
satisfactory evidence to said Department that he or
they,alter the acquisition oftitle by the United States
and before the passage ot this act, made valuable and
permanentimprovements on said land in good faith
andundercoloroflegal title, it shall then betbead-
ditionalduty of such applicant for redemption to pay
to such person or persons the reasonable value of
such permanent improvements at the time of actual
redemption; and if the applicant and such person
or persons fail to agree upon and amicably settle
such claim for improvements, then the value thereof
shall be assessed and reported to the Secretary of the
Treasury, under oath, by three competent and dis-
interested freeholders, residents of tho county or
parish in which such land is situate, who shall be
appointed for that purpose by tho United Srates
district judge of the district where the lands are
situate, upon information from the Secretary of the
Treasury that a claim for compensation for such
permanent improvements is pending in any case,
and unadjusted by the parties thereto. It shall also
be the duty of said board of freeholders to state ia
their report the nature of said improvements, when
they were made, by whom, andthe reasonable value
thereof, as aforesaid, and any other facts that may
be in their judgment material to a fair and just de-
termination of the rights of the parties. They shall
send one copy of such report to the Secretary of the
Treasury, and file a duplicate thereof in the office
of the clerk of the highest court of record of the
State, in the county or parish where such land is
situate. The reasonable fees of said board shall be
borne and paid equally by the parties to said con-
troversy.
Sec. 2. That whenever the foregoing conditions have
been complied with, and redemption and restora-
tion of title has been awarded in any case by the
Secretary of the Treasury, it shall bo the duty of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue to make out a
certificate of release of the interest and title of th<*
United States in and to such lands, in duplicate,
which shall be approved ia writing by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and his approval indorsed thereong
