2026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
and that is, that the price decreased in spite of
the duty and not because of the duty, that
other causes operate to reduce it, and that
notwithstanding the increased duty, the price,
under the operation of those other causes,
went down. That is the answer, and quite a
sufficient answer.
But again, both these gentlemen speak of
protecting American labor, forsooth. Protect-
ing American labor! Is there one thing that
any man in this Senate buys that is not the
result of labor, if we lead honest lives? How
is it if I, by the practice of my profession,
earn $100, and with the money purchase
any necessaries for myself or my family ; are
not those necessaries the result of my labor;
and when you make ine pay more for them
than I would have to pay but for your duties
do you not compel me to part with a portion
of the earnings of my labor?
Take the agricultural part of this country.
How many articles are there produced by the
farmer that can be materially benefited by
duties on imports? I do not think there is a
member of the Senate who can name half a
dozen of any importance ; I do not think he
can name half of half a dozen, or more than
that, of any great importance. What are they ?
Is it any benefit to the farmer to lay a duty on
Indian corn? Does that increase the price?
Nobody will pretend it, for there is no Indian
corn imported into this country. Does it
benefit the farmer to lay a duty upon wheat?
Practically not at all, because ihe only coun-
try that could import wheat into the United
States is Canada, and the importation would
be too insignificant to lower the price of the
farmer's product here. Take the case of meats,
beef, cattle, hogs, and the like. Does a duty
on those articles increase the price of the farm-
er's beef, cattle, and hogs? Not one dime;
no, not one mill; for there is no importation
of any such things.
Now, I have gone over some of the great
staples. Take tobacco and cotton ; those are
two great staples. Do the duties in any way
tend to augment the price of cotton or the
price of tobacco, so as to benefit their raisers
in this country? Not at all; for there is
neither cotton nor tobacco imported into the
country. And so it is with nearly every arti-
cle that the farmer raises.
There are a few that are exceptions. Wool
is one ; flaxseed is another; flax is another.
Flax and flaxseed are small industries; but
wool is a large one. When you have men-
tioned them, you have mentioned nearly every-
thing on which the farmer can be benefited by
protective duties upon his products. But when
you compel the farmer to pay more for the
cloth that he wears, for the plow with which
he cultivates his land, for the harness upon
his horses, for every instrument that he uses
in his business, do you protect his labor? Do
you not take from him a part of the earnings
of his labor and give it to somebody else ?
That is the whole of it.
To hear these proteciionists talk, one would
think there was no labor in the country except
that which is employed in the manufacturing
arts, when the truth is that the vast mass ot
the laborers of the couutry are not in the
manufacturing establishments at all ; when
the agricultural portion of the community far
exceeds those employed in the mechanical
arts, to say nothing ot the persons engaged iu
commerce, or in what are called the learned
professions. When the vast majority of those
'people, who are laborers as much as any man
in a cotton mill at Lowell—when these men
and their interests are concerned, you hear
nothing about labor being protected. You do
not help the farmer; you do not help the farm
laborer; but you make them pay more for
everything that they buy, while you are clam-
oring for protection to American labor.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
Hie to ask'him a question?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. I am listening to him
with great pleasure, and I should like to de-
rive instruction from him. I wish he would
consider the argument as it is made by pro-
tectionists, which, for some reason, he does
not. I do not wish to interrupt him to state
that argumeut at any length, but I call his
attention to it. Suppose by bringing into com-
petition mechanical labor here and cheaper
labor abroad the number of persons employed
in mechanical arts is greatly reduced and trans
ferred to agriculture ; suppose we cease to
have the same diversification of labor, would
not that affect injuriously the value of agri-
cultural products? Would it not withdraw a
very large market? That is the argument.. I
do not state it, but only call the Senator's
attention to it, and I should like to hear him
upon it. I hear nobody make such an argu-
ment as he is combating.
Mr. THCJRMAN. If I have forgotten that
argument, it is because I am failing; for I
have heard it for more than the third of a cen-
tury, that by building up manufactures in this
country you increase the market for the farm-
ers by turning the people from agriculture
to manufactures.
Mr. CONKLING-. Turning them into con-
sumers.
Mr. THURMAN". Turningthem into con-
sumers ; and if you did not do that, they would
turn back to raising potatoes, and that would
injure the agriculturists. I have this to say
about the business of the country, that it is
entirely too delicate a subject to be governed
by laws made to foster one branch of industry
and to injure another. You must leave that
to the operation of trade and commerce among
the people themselves.
You never can tamper with it by law without
injuring somebody. It will not do for us in
our wisdom to regulate it. A pretty set of
folks we are to undertake such a thing I This
Senate, one halt''of whom are lawyers, are a
pretty set of men to undertake to weigh the
business of the country in scales and find
exactly how many of the people ought to be
employed in making shoes, how many in mak-
ing bats, how many should be tailors, how
many should make clothing, how many work
on iron, how many be engaged in commerce,
how many in navigation, how many in fann-
ing, and then set to work to provide a distri
butioti of pursuits by law—not directly, it is
true, as the Egyptians used to say, '• You shall
be a shoemaker; you shall be a hatter; you
shall be a stone cutter; you shall follow the
pursuit .of yourfather, and no other"—not say-
ing that directly in the way that the Pharaohs
of old did, but saying indirectly by our legis-
lation we will have so many manufacturers,
because we will loster manufactures, and will
thereby turn people away from agriculture into
manufactories, or we will diminish the. number
of mechanics by giving advantages to agri-
culture, and thereby converting mechanics into
fanners.
If my friend lived where I-live, in one of
the greatest agricultural regions of the coun-
try, he would know that one of the greatest
difficulties now experienced is that there is
a dearth of agricultural labor. So far from
stimulating a diversion from agricultural pur-
suits to mechanical pursuits, if the law should
interfere at all, it ought to interfere directly
in the opposite direction. Why, sir, what
does the census show? And when I speak
of this I speak of all Christendom. Your
census shows that in a vast part of the United
States the_ rural population has not increased
one iota in the last ten years, and that the
entire increase iu those States has been in the
urban population—people leaving farming and
going to towns and cities to reside. Every-
body knows it. You have only to look at the
census anywhere, even in the comparatively
new States, to see that your towns and cities
grow at an immensely greater ratio than does
the country population. Talk to me about
the necessity of diverting labor from agricul-
ture! Why, sir, one of the greatest com-
plaints of the farmer all over this country is
that there is not agricultural labor enough.
Mr. CONKLING. Why is it that? What
diverts it?
Mr. THURMAN. I should have to go into
philosophy  
Mr. CONKLING. It is very short.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 beg the Senator's
pardon ; it is not very short. Let me tell the
Senator it has been going on all over Christen-
dom ever since the peace of 1815. Let me
tell him that the ratio of increase in London,
in Paris, in Vienna, in Berlin, has been three
or four times as much as the ratio of increase
in the agricultural portions of the countries
where those capitals are. It began with the
great peace that followed the close of the
Napoleonic wars, and it has been going oil to
this time. I have not the strength to go into
that sabject, and it would not be proper that I
should take up the time of the Senate with the
difference of increase between the rural and
urban portions of the world. I mention it
simply to show that there is no necessity that
we should interpose and tax the people heavily
in order to divert labor from agriculture and
turn it into mechanical pursuits.
But now, as to the mechanical pursuits.
What portion of those engaged in such pur-
suits are benefited by your protective tariff?
I should like to knowifthe humble shoemaker
in Ohio is in any wise benefited by the tariff
on shoes? I should like to know if the car-
penter is in any wise benefited by your pro-
tective tariff? Do your duties on the materials
that enter into a house make the building of
the house any cheaper? No, sir; but on the
contrary they increase the price of the house ;
they discourage building, and they tend directly
to lessen the employment of the carpenter.
So of the brick-layer and stone-mason, so of
the painter, so of the paper-hanger, and so of
everybody engaged in building a house. So I
might go through with one half of the me-
chanical arts or more and show that of all
those men who have their little shops, and do
their neighborhood work, you can scarcely find
one that is benefited by your protective tariff.
On the contrary, they are nearly all injured and
oppressed by it, just as the farmers are.
But let us-take another great branch of
industry, the manufacture of agricultural im-
plements. How is the wagon-maker bene-
fited by your tariff? Is there any import-
ation of wagons, or would there be, to com-
pete with his wagon-making? No, sir; but
upon the lumber that he uses, or some por-
tion of it, upon every pound of iron he uses,
upon every ounce ot steel he uses, that man
pays duties, directly or indirectly, and finds
that it takes more capital to do his business
than it would if the duties were lower. The
price of each article is increased, and as every
one knows, when an article is dear it has not
so ready a sale as a cheaper one equally good,
and in this way his business is injured-by your
protective duty.
lake the business of manufacturing agricul-
tural machines, reaping-machines, mowers,
and the like. That is an immense industry in
this country. Of what benefit to those man-
ufacturers, who employ millions of capital, is
your tariff? Not the slightest in the world.
.There is no competition with them. Nobody
imports any such things. On the contrary, we
export to England herself. We export our
reapers and mowers to England and to Fiance.
There is no importation here to compete with
them; and yet every man manufacturing a
mowing-machine must ill the first instance
pay more for every ounce of iron in it than he
would, have to pay under a proper tariff, and
every farmer that buys from him has to pay
that increased price in the sum he pays for the
machine.
Sir, there never was a greater sophism than
that high duties are necessary for the protec-
