2922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
question of privilege in the House, he certainly
will find it lost in the mazes of tariff confusion.
Therefore I hope that his amendment will
not prevail, and that we shall stand by the
motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania to
keep the bill as it is now.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I am
decidedly opposed to surrendering the proper
constitutional jurisdiction of this body in re-
gard to bills for raising revenue. I am equally
disposed to regard and respect every preroga-
tive of the House of Representatives on the
subject. I think that the only way to do this is
for the House to send us revenue bills in the
constitutional sense, and not cross-examine
us as they do when they send us such a bill as
this, by which tliey say, in effect, " Will you
consent that tea shall be free?" They will
not allow us to make any change of duty upon
anything else, but we must simply say "yes"
or "no" to such a bill. I have no doubt my-
self that we may add to that free list without
violating their privileges, but that question is
in dispute between the two Houses. The reso-
lution sent by the House of Representatives
to this body has been referred to the Commit-
tee on Privileges and Elections; a report has
been made which lies upon the table. As
soon as the Senator from Ohio who is on that
committee [Mr. Thuiiman] shall return, it is
the intention of that committee to move the
resolution which was recommended, and that
will compel the Senate to dispose of the ques-
tion involved in the report for the purpose of
settling this disputed question of privilege
between the two Houses. It would be more
orderly and more in keeping with the privi-
leges of both Houses to defer all these bills
until the Senate shall have had an opportunity
to examine and take its ground upon that
question of privilege; but in the meantime
here are these two great interests, tea and
coffee, that, if we can trust the voice of the
press, if we can rely upon the correspondence
that comes to every Senator, are suffering,
not for the passage of this bill, not for the
defeat of it, but for action upon it on the
part of the Senate. I am therefore disposed
to let all questions of privilege slide for the
present, and pass this bill bare and naked as
it came from the House.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, so far as
the constitutional question is concerned, of
the right to add to this'bill an amendment such
as is now proposed, I have never had any
doubt, and have none now. The point L rise
to call the attention of the Senate to is this
distinction: we may have the right to do con-
stitutionally a great many things which are im-
proper and inexpedient. The bill that we sent
back to the House of Representatives, which
has created so much controversy, in my judg-
ment was amended according to the Constitu-
tion ; we had a right legally to do what we did,
but it was certainly a bad means of legislation.
I have no objection constitutionally to adding
this amendment to this bill; but I think the
adding of it to this bill at this time will seri-
ously injure a great interest in this country.
Being in favor at the present moment of abolish-
ing the tax upon tea and coffee, I feel it to be my
duty to vote against this amendment, although
1 might vote for it- when it came up in
proper form. In other words, I think that
while we have the constitutional right to make
such amendments, it is very wrong and very
injurious to tbe legislation of the country to
establish the precedent in doing it. There
may be occasions when it may be proper ; but
to be sending back these bills constantly to the
House of Representatives with such amend-
ments, and clogging the progress of measures
that we are in favor of by this course of
amendment, it seems to me is inexpedient.
For these reasons I shall vote against adding
this section to the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not like
to have the Senate labor under a wrong im-
pression as to the great amount of relief that
the consumers are going to obtain from this
bill. When we reduced the tariff before on
tea and coffee the price remained the same,
and if we reduce it no-.v, 1 have no idea that
l he price on the 1st of July will be less than it
is to-day. There is but a small amount of tea
and coffee in the country. Those who hold it
will be able to hold it at the present prices.
But, Mr. President, there is another view
of this question. The bill that we are acting
upon came to us a year ago in March. It is
assumed that the House remains of the same
impression ; but if we may take their organ,
the Committee of Ways and Means, on the
16th day of April they were of a different
opinion ; that is to say, they were in favor of
the duty proposed by the Senate Finance Com-
mittee of two cents a pound on coffee and ten
cents a pound on tea. Therefore, it seems to
me that it is a very violent assumption here
to suppose that this bill can pass easily if we
make no amendment, if we abandon entirely
the constitutional privileges of the Senate. If
we send back a bill passed a year ago by the
House, notwithstanding all the change of cir-
cumstances, it is assumed that the bill is to go
right through easily and without any contest.
I trust the Senate will maintain not only its
prerogative but its duty to say that at this ses-
sion some more reductions shall be made in
the tariff than that iraon tea and coffee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I cannot
understand (he reason of this zeal to take up
and pass this bill as manifested by the Sen-
ator from New York. This bill came to the
Senate on the 14th of March, 1871, more than
a year ago. It has laid upon our table without
any action. About the same time a year ago
the House of Representatives sent us another
bill repealing the duty upon coal, and another
bill repealing the duty upon salt. I struggled
here more than a year ago to get action upon
those bills. Why should we not have acted
upon them? If I recollect rightly the very
Senators who are now most zealously pressing
action upon this bill were the Senators who
forced through the Senate a resolution more
than a year ago that 110 action should be put
on this bill or the bills to which I have re-
ferred. How does the interest of merchants
differ in regard to tea and coffee from their
interest in regard to coal ? Why have not the
dealers in coal Ihe same right to demand that
you act immediately on the coal bill as the
dealers in tea and coffee to demand that you
act on this bill? We hear nocomplaint. No
effort is made here to take up the bill putting
coal on the free list, but the country is to be
ruined if tea is not at once put on the free list 1
Now let us see what there is in this, and see
if there is anything in it. The Senate have
by an amendment already agreed that this bill
shall not go into effect until the 1st day of
July next. Is not that what the merchants
want? They know that no bill is to pass
repealing the duty on tea and coffee so as to
take effect until the 1st of July. What else
do we know? We know that the House of
Representatives are considering the whole sub-
ject of the tariff, that, they are now debating
it, that the general debate is to end this week,
and we shall have a bill regulating the sub-
ject of duties, as I trust upon some general
basis, that will make a reduction of at least
$50,000,000, and regulate also the taxes under
our internal revenue system.
Now, why is this bill to be taken up by itself
and forced through here under such circum-
stances ? Because the merchants are suffer-
ing. Suffering for what? Not to have tea
and coffee free, we are told, but that we should
act, act immediately. The bill has lain here
more than a year. Why this new born zeal
to-day, that everything must be laid aside to
take up this bill, when the House of Repre-
sentatives, which under the Constitution is
vested with the jurisdiction to originate bills
relating to the revenue and which is now en-
gaged upon this subject, is preparing a bill
which probably will be before us in ten days?
Why, 1 ask. this zeal?
Mr. PRELINGH D YSEN". I would ask the
Senator from Illinois if the case is not very
different from what it was a year ago ; whether
that is stating the case just exactly as it is?
I understand since they passed the bill a year
ago the House have within a few months by
a very large vote declared that they were in
favor of abolishing the duty on tea and coffee.
I understand the Senate has within six weeks
by a very large vote declared the same thing,
and that the chairman of the Committee on
Finance gave notice to the country that he
would not resist the adoption of this measure.
Now, in all fairness, have not the dealers in
these articles a right to hold their trade in
abeyance and ask us to tell them what we are
going to do? It does not stand at all as it did
a year ago. I think it would be a great deal
better for the Senate to vote down this bill
that has come from the House, than to pass
it with this amendment which would only have
the effect of leaving the whole subject unset-
tled, to the great injury of those who are
engaged in this trade.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate has never
yet passed a bill putting tea and coffee upon
the tree list, as a separate proposition. The
effort is now made to do it, and the effort was
made before to do it; we had a contest over
it, and the Senate by its vote decided to put
other things upon that bill, to reduce tbe tariff
upon many other articles and to make many
other articles free. The Senate never yet has
passed a separate bill. I regretted when the
Senator from Ohio gave up so readily to the
vote which was had on one occasion putting
tea and coffee on the free list when there were
other amendments pending, and when the sub-
sequent sense of the Senate, as expressed by
its vote, showed that they were opposed to pass-
ing a separate bill repealing the duty on tea and
coffee. I think the Senator from Ohio aban-
doned his bill too readily.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator
when the Senate showed by any vote a dis-
inclination to put tea and coffee on the free
list?
Mr. TRUMBULL. As a separate proposi-
tion. They did it by their vote when they
added other articles.
Mr. SHERMAN. They did that, and I
hope they will do it again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator will recol-
lect that after tea and coffee were made free
by a vote of the Senate, the Senate then de-
cided that that should not go by itself, but put
other articles upon that bill, reducing the
duties npon some and making others free, so
that the Senate has never yet decided as a
separate proposition that the duty on tea and
coffee should be repealed.
But what do these merchants want? The
Senate has decided to-day that no bill putting
tea and coffee on the free list is to go into
effect before July. Before July our general
tariff bi ll will be passed and tea and coffee will
be made free, or the duty perhaps upon tea
and coffee will be reduced, as I trust, without
putting them upon the free list. It seems to
me the merchauts have all the answer they
want when they are informed that no bill is to
go into effect until July, and before July this
whole subject will be settled.
I shall vote in favor of the amendment
offered by the Senator from Vermont, and I
shali vote in favor of other amendments which
will be proposed to this bill, and I see no rea-
son applying to tea and coffee that does not
apply to sale. The House have repeatedly told
us they are in favor of free salt; the Senate
by its^ vote has shown that it is in favor of
reducing the duty upon salt at least one half,
because we passed a bill reducing it thatmucbj
and the Senate never has decided yet that it is
