1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3819
Mr. SARGENT. I speak in the light of
experience. In 18(52, when the general law
was passed, we did not know the nefarious use
which would be made of this scrip in our
western country. If there are States that
have not received their rights under that act,
they ought to have them; and I raise no
objection ; but I think that where a State has
within its own limits so many million acres
that may be made available for this scrip, it
ought Dot to seek to locate it in other States.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope that the gentle-
man from California, because he is located in
so fine a region of country, would not keep out
others who may desire to settle there. There
are a great many people who appreciate the
advantages of his State, and.would like to go
there to settle.
Mr. SARGENT. That is the very thing
that we want. Wewantroom for settlements;
and we want settlers to come in. In conse-
quence of the manner in which this scrip has
been located, in many parts of our State they
cannot come in; they are kept out. If they
come to San Joaquin valley and other great
valleys of our State they will find the land
taken up in immense quantities by a few in-
dividuals and held at speculative prices which
repel immigration. We want people to settle
among us and help build up and share our
prosperity, but it is impossible for them to do
so under the system which this bill proposes to
entend. For that reason, I protest in the
name of every western State against this
scrip being located among us.
Mr. HANKS. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from California [Mr. Sargent] need have no
fear that we are going to locate this land in
his State. We have abundance of good land
in Arkansas, and I have no idea that a single
acre of this scrip will be located in any other
State.
Mr. SARGENT. Why, then, do you object
to the restriction proposed?
Mr. HANKS. I do not propose that Arkansas
shall be made an exception to the provisions
of the general act which was passed in 1862,
and under which numerous other States have
obtained their scrip without any discrimination
being made. I think that this exception as
regards Arkansas would be unjust. I how-
ever assure the gentleman from California
that we have no disposition to emigrate from
Arkansas to California. We are perfectly
content to remain in our own State, where we
have abundance of good land.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to call attention to a
very important consideration in conncction
with this question. These agricultural col-
lege grants which have been made under the
statute of 18fi2 have been made without any
sufficient security, either against the improper
or wasteful disposition of the scrip, such as
the gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent]
has alluded to, or against the misuse of the
funds when received. Some of the States have
nearly or quite lost or wasted their funds ob-
tained under this act; and one or two States
have given them to institutions from the ben-
efits of which some of their citizens in consid-
erable numbers are wholly excluded on account
of their color.
Now under the existing laws there is no way
way of reaching these people, because the fund
is in possession of a State which cannot be
made a party to a suit in court. For the future
there is but one method of protecting this
matter, and that is to require the sale of lands
shall be made under the direction of the United
States authorities, and that the fund when re
ceived shall he received into the United States
Treasury and investedin registered bonds, the
interest of which shall be paid semi-annually
to the institution in the State. In that way,
and that way only, we can have a permanent
and sufficient safeguard against any diversion,
embezzlement, loss, or waste of this important
fund.
Now, I do not propose to interpose in the
single ease of the State of Arkansas to require
security which has not been required of the
other States, but I give notice, as the result
of much reflection and study of this special
subject, I will resist any further gift or grant
of land or of money to any State for any insti-
tution of education unless the fund is kept in
the United States Treasury, invested in regis-
tered Government bonds or some other similar
way, and the interest only paid over by the
Government, so that for all time the fund will
be preserved for the benefit of the States and
the people for educational purposes.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask that my amend-
ment be read.
Mr. MAYNARD. I wish to say a word.
The State of Arkansas is entitled under the law
to these one hundred and fifty thousand acres,
thirty thousand for each of her three mem-
bers and two Senators, but they have been
held by the Government as security under a
construction given to the State by the Secre-
tary of the Interior. It seems that some years
ago some Indian trust funds were invested in
Arkansas bonds, and these lands have been
held as security for those bonds. The dona-
tion was made by Congress for educational
purposes, not to any particular State, but to
all of the States of the Union, and I do not
see any good reason why a technical objection
should be interposed to prevent Arkansas
receiving the benefit of this fund for educa-
tional purposes when it has been accorded to
all of the other States.
The Clerk read the amendment moved by
Mr. Sargent.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I do not yield to
have that come in.
Mr. HANKS. I do not see any objection
to allowing an amendment to be made to this
bill providing these lands shall not be loeated
in California.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I do not yield to
the amendment, and now demand the previous
question.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
ninety-seven, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be now
put.
Mr. SARGENT. I move the bill be now
laid upon the table ; I wish to save my State ;
and on that motion I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to.
The amendment of the committee was
agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. SARGENT. I demand the reading of
the engrossed bill. We will have a record on
this subject one way or another.
Mr. N 1BLACK. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 5, nays 172, not voting
63 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Garrett, Houghton, Kendall, Mor-
phia and Sargent—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ames, Archer, Arthur,
AvonII,Ban ks, iij.riiun], Barry, I!catty, Beck, Bigby,
Bingham, Bird, Austiti Blair, Braxton, Bright,
Buckley, Bufiinton, Burcliard, Caldwell, Campbell,
Clarke, Coburri, Coimngo, Conner, Cotton, Crebs,
Critober, Crossland. Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, Box,
L)u Bose, Duell, Duke, Dunnetl, Eames, Elliott,
Ely, Farwell, Finkelriburg, Charles Foster, Wilder
D. FoMer, Frye, Garfield, Gets. Giddings, Golladay,
Goodrich, ILjldeman, Hale, Hambletou, Hancock,
Ilandley, Jlarmer, Harper, John T. Harris, Havens,
Hawley, Hay, Hays. Gerry XV. IXaaelton. John W.
Hazelton, ileretord, Herndon, Hibbard, Hill, Hoar,
llolmati, Hooper. Kelley, Kellogg, Killingcr, King,
Kinsella, Lamison, Lansing, Leacu, Lewis, Mar-
shall, McClelland, McCormick, MoGrew, McIIenry,
Mr-Intjre, McJunkm. McKee, McNeely, Mercur,
Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Monroe,
Moore, Morcy, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Negloy,
Niblack, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Hosea W.
Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce,
Eh Perry. Peters, Piatt, Poland, Potter, Prindle.
Rairrey, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, JohnM.
Rice, Ellis II. Roberts, William R.Roberts. John
Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Roosevelt, Sawyer, Seolield,
Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger,
Shoemaker, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, H. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Worthirigton C. Smith,
Snapp, R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Sneer, Stark-
weather. Stevenson, Stoughton, Strong. St. John,
Swann, Syphor, Taffe. Terry, Thomas, Washington
Townsend. Turner, Tuthill, Twichell, Upson, van
Trump, Vaughan, XVaddell, Walden, Waldron,
Wallace, Walls, Warren, Wells, Whitcley, Wil-
liams of Indiana, Williams of New York, John
X. Wilson, Wood, and Young—1?2.
jSIOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ainbler, Barber,
Bell.Beveridge, Biggs, James G. Blair, Boles, Brooks,
Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler. Roderick R. Butler,
Carroll, Cobb, Coghlan, Conger, Cox, Creely, Crock-
er, Darrail, Davis, De Large, JGldredge, Farnsworth,
Forker, Henry D. Foster. Griffith, llalsey, Hanks,
George E. Harris, Kerr, Ketcham, Lamport, Lowe,
Lynch, Manson, Maynard, McCrary, Mcliinney,
Mcrrick, Aaron F. Perry, Porter, Price, Ritchie,
Robinson, Rusk, Sherwood. Shober, Snyder,
Sprague, Stevens, Storm, Stowell, Sutherland,
Dwigtot Townsend, Tyner, Voorhees, Wakeinan,
Wheeler. XVhitthorne. Willard, Jeremiah M. Wil-
son, and Winchester—63.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SARGENT. I withdraw the call for
the reading of the engrossed bill.
The question was on the passage of the bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I should like to have
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
I am satisfied that a foot of this cannot be
located in Arkansas.
On ordering the yeas atid nays there were—
ayes seven; not a sufficient number.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid oa
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to address the House for three minutes on
this bill.
Objection was made.
REVISION OP THE RULES.
Mr. BANKS. I offer a resolution which I
send to the desk to be read, and 1 ask the atten-
tion of the House while it is being read.
The Clerk read as follows :
lieaoived. That a commission of five members, of
which the Speaker shall be president, be and horeby
is appointed, with authority to sit during tho recess,
whoso duty it shall be to revise the rules of tho
House, and report at the opening of the session in
December next such changes as will facilitate tha
presentation of reports of committees, enlarge tho
means of an intelligent transaction of general busi-
ness, and secure to every member a proper oppor-
tunity to examine all legislative measures before
they arc submitted for consideration and action by
the House.
Mr. BANKS. I hope there will be no
objection to that resolution.
Mr. DAWES. Does the resolution pro-
pose a limited or a general revision of the
rules?
Mr. BANKS. It contemplates those changes
only which will give members an opportunity
to understand everything which is presented
for the action of the House.
Mr. DAWES. I would not have it, limited.
Mr. BANKS. It gives the commission
power to revise the rules, but specially con-
templates a revision of the character I have
stated, so that every member of the House
will have an opportunity to understand in
advance what measures are to be presented
for consideration and to be acted upon.
Mr. WOOD. I hope that the resolution of
the gentleman from Massachusetts may go so
far as to cover the whole of the rules govern-
ing the legislation of this House.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that the resolution may
be again read. I think it is so drawn as to
satisfy the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood.]
Mr BROOKS. I have no objection to the
resolution. But I understand that it only con-
templates the revision specified in the resolu-
tion ; that it does not sweep over all the rules
of the House.
Mr. WOOD. The House can make the
