3820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
final determination when the report of the
commission is presented.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that the reao-
lntion as it reads covers the whole thing.
Mr. BROOKS. It does not. If it did, I
should seriously object to it.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the Speaker
shall have authority to appoint the members
of i he commission not designated by the reso-
luiion.
There was no objection ; and it was so
ordered.
Mr. BANKS. I may be permitted also to
remark that, although I have offered the reso-
lution, I do not. wish the Speaker to under-
stand that I fle.iire to be on the commission.
I do not wish to be on it.
revision of the laws.
Mr. POLAND. Yesterday the House gave
the Committee on the Revision of the Laws
of the United States authority to meet three
weeks in advance of the next session of Con-
gress, to examine the revision of the statutes
being made by the commissioners appointed
for that purpose. But we forgot to ask au-
thority to employ a clerk. I now send to the
desk a resolution to supply that omission.
The Clerk read as follows:
ltesolved. That the Committee on Revision of the
Laws of the United States, while authoiized to sit
in vacation, be allowed to employ a clerk at the
compensation now fixed per day.
The resolution was adopted.
PAYMENT TO ONTAItlO COUNTY, NEW YORK.
Mr. SESSIONS. I move that the rules be
suspended, so as to allow the introduction and
passage of a bill to pay the county of Ontario,
State of New York, $25,500 for the perpetual
use of a portion of the court-house and post
office building at Canandaigua, New York.
The bill was read. It proposes to authorize
and require the United States Treasurer to pay
to the county of Ontario, in the State of New
York, the sum of $25,500, for the perpetual
use of half of their court-house and post office
building, out of any money in the United
States Treasury not otherwise appropriated;
the same to be paid on the order of the treas-
urer of Ontario county, New York.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
point of order that this bill contains an
appropriation, and must have it first consid-
eration in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SESSIONS. My motion is to suspend
the rules.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
proposes to pass this bill without any estimate
and without a word of explanation 1
Mr. SESSIONS. This amount is due to the
county of Ontario under a contract executed
by the Secretary of the Interior in I860, under
a law of Congress.
Mr. DAWES. Then why was it not esti-
mated for?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Why are there
no letters'?
Mr. SESSIONS. The Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds have the estimates.
1 repeat that this amount is due under a con-
tract entered into by the Secretary of the
Interior.
Mr. DAW ES. It may be all right; I do
not say it is not,, but nobody knows it.
Mr. SESSIONS. It is right; the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds have had
the matter under consideration, aud unani-
mously agreed on a bill to pay for the rent
already due.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the House
will not pass the bill.
The question was put on the motion to sus-
pend the rules; and there were—ayes 74, noes
40; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sessions and
Mr. Randall were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 92, noes 31.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to make
a proposition to the gentleman from New York.
It he will so amend the bill that this money
shall only be paid when approved by the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury, so that the
accounts shall be audited, I will not object to
the bill. As the bill is now framed it requires
an absolute payment from the Treasury of the
United States.
Mr. DAWES. And nothing goes on the
record to show what it is.
Mr. SESSIONS. I have no objection to
that amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to put
in the Globe something which will explain
this matter.
Mr. SESSIONS. I have a report here.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered on the motion to suspend the
rules.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will withdraw
the demand for the yeas and nays if the
amendment can be adopted.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered, and can only be dispensed with
by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I move
to reconsider the vote by which the yeas and
nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is that motion in order?
The SPEAKER. Entirely. The gentle-
man will find it is specifically provided for in
the rules.
Mr. RANDALL. Iam learning something
about the rules every day that I uever knew
before.
The question was put on Mr. Garfield's
motion to reconsider; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. Would it be in ordernow
to move to reconsider the vote by which the
yeas and nays were refused?
The SPEAKER. It would not; you can-
not reconsider twice. The Clerk will read the
rule on the subject.
The Clerk read as follows :
"An order of the yeas and nays or refusal of the
yeas and nays may be reconsidered."
Mr. RANDALL. Then the Speaker was
wrong in refusing to entertain my motion.
The SPEAKER. No, the Chair was not
wrong. It in the first instance the House had
refused to order the yeas and nays it would
have been competent to reconsider and put
the question again whether the House would
order them, but the House having once ordered
them and reconsidered that, and then refused
to order them, it has exhausted the question
of reconsideration.
Mr. RANDALL. The Chair is too smart,
for me. [Laughter.]
Mr. SESSIONS. I have modified my bill
at the suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio,
and I ask that it be read as amended.
The Clerk read as follows :
Be it enacted, &c.t That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is hereby authorized and required to pay to the
county ofOntario, in the State of New York,thesum
of $25,500 for the perpetual use of half of their court-
house and post office building, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
to be paid on the order of the Treasurer of Ontario
county, New York: Provided, That on due ex <mina-
tion the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
shall find the same due.
No further objection being made, the bill
(H. R. No. 2878) was read a first and second
time, ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
indian expenses in montana.
Mr. DONNAN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Military
Affairs, withasubstituteanda reportin writing,
a joint resolution (H. K. No. 23) to enable the
Secretary of War to pay the expenses incurred
in suppressing Indian hostilities in the terri-
tory of Montana in the year 1867; and the
same were ordered to be printed and recom-
mitted.
Mr. DONNAN. I now desire to enter a
motion to reconsider.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. DONNAN; Very well; let the question
be taken, and we will in that way reach a vote
on the bill.
The SPEAKER. Not if the motion to
reconsider should be laid on the table.
Mr. DONNAN. I hope the motion to lay
on the table may be withdrawn. I am sure
that when gentlemen shall see this report and
bill in print they will not object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will withdraw the
motion.
The SPE AKE R. The motion to reconsider
will be entered on the Journal.
puget sound agricultural company.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, by unan-
imous consent, submitted the following pream-
ble and resolution; which were laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed;
"Whereas, by virtue of certain treaty stipulations
between the United States and Great Britain, the
United States became entitled to purchase certain
lands in the Territory of Washington belonging to
the Hudson Bay Company and the Puget Sound
Agricultural Company, for such sums as should be
awarded by commissioners, which award was duly
made; and whereas the said lands belonging to the
Puget Sound Agricultural Company wer« subject to
and liable for taxes laid thereon under the laws of
said Washington Territory, for the sum of more than
fifty thousand dollars; and whereas the Congress of
the United States, on the 21st day ot February, 1871,
passed an appropriation of $325,000 for the payment
in gold coin of the last installment of said award to
the said Hudson Bay and Puget Sound Agricul-
tural Companies, and to the said actof appropriation
attached a proviso in the following words, to wit:
44 Provided, That before payment shall be made of
that portion ot the above sum awarded to the Pugefc
Sound Agricultural Company, .ill taxes legally as-
sessed upon any of the property of said company
covered by said award, before the same was made
and still unpaid, shall be extinguished )oy said Puget
Sound Agricultural Company, or the amount ot such,
taxes shall be withheld by the Government of the
United States from the sum hereby appropriated;"
And whereas proper and legal evideno" of theduo
assessment and non-payunent of such taxes was duly
filed in the Department of State, but notwithstand-
ing said proviso m said act, and in violation thereof,
the said full sum appropriated to pay said award has
been paid, without requiring the taxes on said lands
to be paid or extinguished: Therefore,
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the House the
reasons for making such payment in violation of
the proviso to said act, and all facts and documents
relating to the same.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington. I desire
to give notice that during the present session
I shall, it I can get the opportunity, call up
this resolution for action.
naval professors of mathematics.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
for consideration at this time, Senate bill No.
4X7, fixing the rank of professors of mathe-
matics in the United States Navy.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
ninth section of the naval appropriation bill,
approved March 3, 1871, be amended by
inserting, after the clause relating to the chap-
lains, the following clause:
There shall be three professors of mathematics
who shall have the relative rank of captain; four
that oi com mander; and five that of lieutenant com-
mander or lieutenant.
No objection ^ was made; and the bill was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCOFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by whieh the bill was passed; and also
