236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is what I asked
for.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order
to print will be made.
Mr. MORTON. T suggest to the Senator
from Vermont, to withdraw his objection and
let us pass this resolution. I want, to see the
resolution passed. I want to see this examin-
ation made, and made speedily. I, for one,
feel under obligations to the Senator from
Kentucky for moving this resolution, for I
think it will have the effect of squelching a vast
number of lies that have been put in circula-
tion for the last two years, and I hope no
objection will be made to its present consid-
eration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am perfectly serious
about this business. If the proprieties of the
Senate wdbld permit me to say it, I should say
that the resolution was in itself scandalous,
but I do not suppose they will, and therefore
1 do not say it. I think, as the resolution is
to go on the files of the Senate, it ought to be
printed so that it can have public circulation.
I want ten thousand copies of it myself, as
coming from my distinguished friend from
Kentucky, as a campaign document, and as it
is said that we all get our campaign docu-
ments from the Public Printer and at the pub-
lic expense, here is an opportunity where lean
lawfully get. a small quantity, and therefore,
in perfect earnest and acting upon my own
responsibility and nobody else's, I insist upon
its going over and being printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, the resolution lies over under the
rule.
indian war claims.
Mr. CALDWELL. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its present considera-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be in-
structed to examine and report whether, in their
judgment, any obligation rests upon the United
States to reimburse the several States and Terri-
tories.and the citizens thereof, for expenses incurred
and damages sustained by reason of the incursion
of hostile Indians: and if such obligation exists,
whether any legislation looking to said reimburse-
ment; is practicable or expedient.
I desire to say that this resolution refers to a
report of a committee appointed by the Gov-
ernor of Kansas under authority of the Legis-
lature of that State to examine and audit the
claims of certain citizens of Kansas for losses
sustained at the hands of hostile Indians ; and
I request that the resolution, together with the
report and accompanying papers, which I now
hold in my hand, be printed and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That refer-
ence will be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest, as that is a
resolution of inquiry, that it should be adopted
and not referred.
Mr. CALDWELL. Very well.
The resolution was adopted.
.message prom tub hocsii.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that .the House had passed the following bills ;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 484) making an appro-
priation to supply a deficiency in the appro-
priation for expenses of the joint select Com*
mittee on Alleged Outrages in the Southern
States;
A bill (H, R. No. 174) to establish post
roads; and
A bill (H. R. No. 777) to establish post
roads.
printing or RESOLUTION'S,
Mr. BUCKINGHAM submitted the follow-
ing resolution : which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to *.
• Ilemhed, That a!! resolutions which have been or
which may be referred to tiie Committee of Investi-
gation and Retrenchment be printed.
powers of investigating committee.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its present consider-
ation :
Hemlved, That the Committee of Investigation
and Retrenchment be authorized, in their discre-
tion, to hold sessions in the city of New York dur-
ing their proposed investigations, and to employ a
stenographer, and that the committee and its sub-
committees be authorized to administer oaths and to
take testimony.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS, I wish to suggest to the
Senator whether it is within our power, as
a point of law, to authorize a sub-commit-
tee to administer oaths. The right to admin-
ister oaths is conferred by a statute of the
United States, which declares that the chair-
man of a select committee, or the chairman
of a standing committee of either House, not
of both Houses, but of either House, may ad-
minister oaths. Therefore it is obvious that if
the law does not now allow the head of a sub-
committee to administer an oath, we cannot
confer that authority by a resolution of the
Senate. However, I do not make any objec-
tion to the resolution, only I do not think it
would be effective to produce the result that
my friend desires.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I understand the
resolution to be confined to sittings in the city
of New York?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. That portion in rela-
tion to the administration of oaths is not con-
fined to the sessions there.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But, if I heard the reso-
lution correctly, it authorizes the committee
to hold a session in the city of New York.
Now I suggest the insertion of the words •• or
elsewhere," so that, if the committee think
proper, they may hold a session elsewhere.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Iacceptthatamend-
ment.
Mr. SCOTT. Let me also suggest to the
Senator from Connecticut, in order to cover
the very question which we now have under
consideration in the Senate, that he insert the
words ■' subpena witnesses," so as to enable a
sub-committee to subpena witnesses, adminis-
ter oaths, and take testimony. ;
Mr. BUCKINGHAM, I accept that amend- I
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatamend- j
ment will be made.
Mr. CONKLTNG. Let us hear the resolu-
tion as amended.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Iiesolved, That the Committee of Investigation
and Retrenchment be authorized, in their discre-
tion, to hold sessions in the city of New York, nr
elsewhere, during their proposed investigations ; to
employ a stenogra pher: and that the committee or
its sub-eomtnitcoea be authorized to subpena wit-
nesses, administer oaths, and take testimony.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
expenses of investigating committee,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The morn- -
ing hour having expired, it becomes the du'y
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, being the resolution offeied by
the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scorr]
in regard to certain recusant witnesses.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move that the un- ,
finished business be postponed 
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask the Senator
from South Carolina to suspend for a mo- '
ment that I may offer' another resolution, ■
which will take but a moment. I
The PRESIDING OFFICElt. There was i
also a special order assigned for this hour, but !
the unfinished business of yesterday takes pre-
cedence of it. ;
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is no objec :
tion to the suggestion of the Senator from Con- !
uecticut. He asks unanimous consent to have
another resolution, in connection with the same
subject as the other, acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Connecticut asks unanimous consent to
submit a resolution. The Chair hears no objec-
tion. The resolution will be read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as
follows;
Ketolvsd, That the sum of &5.000, or as much
thereof as may be necessary, for the expenses of the
Committee ot Investigation and Retrenchment, is
hereby directed to be paid out of the contingent
fund of the Senate under the order of the chairman
of said committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to the present consideration of the
resolution ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I make no objection to
its present consideration : but if my friend will
not think me offensive, I sutrgest that there is
a statutory difficulty, and that is. that there is
an act of Congress which provides that no
money shall be paid out of the contingent fund
of either House without the approval of the
Committee on Contingent Expenses of this
body or the Committee on Accounts of the
other body. The resolution, therefore, ought
to provide—this not being an appropriation,
but a payment out of the contingent fund—that
this money shall he paid on the order of the
chairman of the Committee of Investigation,
approved by the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
because otherwise the Secretary cannot pay it
without a violation of law.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I accept that amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is accepte'd by the mover of the resolu-
tion. This resolution being for the payment
of money, it must be treated as a bill: and it
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
The resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
house bills kefbkekd.
The bill (H. R. No. 481) making an appro-
priation to supply a deficiency in the appro-
priation for expenses of the j >int select Com-
mittee on Alleged Outrages in the Southern
States was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Comtnit'ee on Appropriations.
'Ihe bill (11. R. No. 774j to establish post
roads, and the bill i'H. R. No. 777) to establish
post loads, were read twice by their title, and
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
cost of vessels on st. domingo coast.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator from
South Carolina will give way for one moment.
I ask the Senate to take up the resolution I
offered yesterday calling for information, that
it may be alopt&d.
Mr. ROBERTSON. If it leads to no debate
I shall not object: otherwise I shall.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reso-
lution will be reported for information.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Reto.'red, That the Secretary of the Navy ho
directed to communicate to the Senate an account
of the expenditures incurred m the .-uppurt mid
navigation of the several ship.- already rcoorted to
the Senate by the .Secretary ;is employed on the
coasts, of Sr. Domingo since the beginningoi negotia-
tions tor the acquisition ot pai t of t a at is'and, set-
ting forth the expenditures on account ot ea- ii ship
and the -um total taken trom tile anmi ii naval ap-
propriations on account ot all the-e slops. And that
the Secretary also report to the Scmie how mndi
it any, such expenditures are greater thin would
hale been incurred had such ships been in service
elsewhere; and also how many vwh are u-ually
in service in waters adjacent to the We.-t Indies.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
civil skkvick.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask my friend from
South Carolitm to permit tue to move that
the message of the President of the United
States received yesterday, with the accom-
panying papers, be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, who have a bill on that sub-
ject under consideration.
