2924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
largely increasing the free list greatly to the
advantage of manufacturers, cheapening the
cost of collection, and in every way assisting,
as the Committee on Finance and as the Sen-
ate believed, the general business interests of
the country. That measure went to the House
of Representatives. How they have treated
it is a matter of history. The Senate know
perfectly well. It has simply been, I would
scarcely say laid on the table, but unceremo-
niously kicked under it.
In regard to the question of collision of au-
thority and privilege between the two Houses,
I do not propose to say much except this: that
if the proposition of the House of Representa-
tives be true, the language of the Constitution
■was singularly unfortunate. The power is dis-
tinctly given by the Constitution to the House
of Representatives to originate all bills for
raising revenue; bat the Senate has to it
equally delegated in as positive and unrestained
language the power "to propose or concur with
amendments," with the significant words fol-
lowing, " as on other hills." If the proposi-
tion of the House now, as I understand it, be
carried out to its natural result, the Senate
would hold under the Constitution a simple
power of veto.
The language of the Constitution was well
weighed and carefully considered by men who
knew the meaning and the value of words. If
they had intended that the House of Repre-
sentatives should have the exclusive power of
originating bills for revenue and that the Sen-
ate should merely have a veto power, they
would have said so. That is the result to which
the reasoning of the House on this position,
it seems to me, brings us, that we have the
right to say, " We forbid this bill or, " We
assent to it;" and that would be all. But no
such language is found ; no such result could
have been intended; and if the doctrine con-
tended for by the House should be true, then
the functions of the Senate, as an advisory
body, or as a complementary and independent
body of the House, would entirely be done
away with. I hold, therefore,' that while the
Senate cannot originate abill to raise revenue,
yet that when a revenue bill comes to the Sen-
ate it may be amended by the Senate without
limit, just as other bills may be amended. On
that subject I feel perfectly clear, but I did not
intend ever to say much upon it.
Therefore, Mr. President, I consider that as
a matter of justice to the business of the whole
country we should not proceed to deal by
piecemeal with the revenues of the country.
The revenue system, it is admitted, needs
reform. There are few men who do not, ad-
mit either that it should be reformed, or that
it will be reformed by the voice of the coun-
try. My own hope is that the tariff will be
reduced to a revenue standard. I believe
that for that purpose, and that purpose only,
is it justified. I am sure that you cannot deal
■with it except as a system ; that the whole
field must be considered, and that your
scheme of reform must be based upon a view
of the entire field on which you are to act; that
you cannot with justice, you cannot with a
wise economy proceed to deal piecemeal with
a question of this character.
For that reason, I shall oppose the measure
as it came from the House and as now sought
to be passed by the Senate. The labors of
the Senate must be held to be the voice and
the view of the Senate. I do not mean to say
they are not to be changed, that they may not
be retired from, may not properly be amended ;
but 1 do insist that, when this question of rev-
enue reform upon the tariff is to be considered,
it shall be considered as a whole, and not in
the patch-work manner which is now pro-
posed.
I have said that stability in our laws is a
thing demanded by the business interests of
this country. It is the one thing essential for
their interests. Does any man here believe
that tariff duties on tea and coffee will perma-
nently remain off our list?
Is it not almost a certainty that if tea and
coffee were made free by the votes of Con-
gress at the present session, within six months
from this time, during the next session of
Congress, propositions would be made to rees-
tablish rates of duty upon both those articles ?
They are proper subjects for duty; they are
proper subjects of taxation. I do not propose
to go now into that question, but merely to so
assert it. I know well that if tea and coffee
should in July, 1872, be made free of duty,
before July, 1873, should have rolled around
the same articles would be found subject to
taxation under our laws. We could not afford,
upon the basis of a revenue tariff, which this
country is approaching, which I believe it will
at no late day certainly reach, to exempt two
articles of such universal consumption as tea
and coffee, articles which bring such perfectly
net revenue, which involve none of that indi-
rect taxation that cramps and weighs so heavily
upon the business interests of this country,
and is so deceitful also, I may add. It is not
possible that those articles should remain free
from tax. The experience of all other nations
who have led the world in the van of com-
merce shows us that they are proper and
profitable subjects of taxation. So I believe
the wisdom and experience of this country
have found iu the past, and so I believe the wis-
dom of the country will declare in the future.
1 could justify my vote now for the simple
reason that 1 desire in business stability that
men may know what they are to meet, that 1
deprecate this weather-cock legislation which
has brought this great distress at this moment
upon the trade now in question; that is to
say, all persons engaged in the importation
of or dealing m tea and coffee. I say I de-
sire that this weather-cock legislation should
cease; that permanence and stability should
have some regard from Congress; that men may
embark in business, knowing what are to be
their duties in the year after their operations
shall have been conceived, and not, as now,
stumbling on in the dark, making fortunes,
perhaps, suddenly one year by the sudden
rise in duty, or losing them the next by hav-
ing their slocks held high up in the fear that
the duties will be taken away.
In this view, that the moderate and reason-
able rates of duty fixed by the Senate bill may
become the law of this country, and that in
considering this interest of tea and coffee we
should consider it as we ought,' as a part of a
system of the country's business, and consider
it in relation of the many other articles the
interests ofeach of which hinge upon its neigh-
bor, the interests of which cannot be singled
out for special legislation, as is sought by this
bill, I shall direct my votes in such a way as
shall bring up the whole of this subject for
consideration at the same time and not pro-
ceed upon it by piecemeal. Already, as we
have a right to know, and as has been said
here, there is general legislation in the House
on the subject of the tariff now under consid-
eration. In a few days we shall have it here".
When it comes let us see the plan proposed
by the House, let us see what relative duties
these two commodities should bear, what pro-
portion of the revenue of the country is right-
fully and easily drawn from these sources, and
not undertake by this hasty, ill-considered,
unexpected piecemeal legislation to deal with
the business interests of the country which
have been in a great measure confided to our
hands.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope we may be able to
reach the vote during the usual hour of sitting;
but as many persons in t'he Chamber desire to
dispose of this question to-night, and have sug-
gested the propriety of a recess, 1 move that
at five o'clock the Senate take a recess until
half past seven o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the vote on that
is put, may I ask the Senator whether he has
taken any pains to learn that it would not be
preferred by the Senate to sit this out now?
My impression is that we can vote soon.
Mi. SCOTT. I have not taken any pains.
I prefer to sit it out now; but some Senators
spoke to me and suggested a recess. If the
Senate will remain now, I will withdraw the
motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I trust we can vote soon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I know that
others intend to speak to some extent; I do
not. If no Senator desires to speak we can
vote now; but if there is to be a further de-
bate, I think we had better have a recess.
Mr. ANTHONY. When we get back from
the recess we never get more than two and a
half hours out of the Senate; and it is much
better for us to take those two and a half hours
now before the evening. We can get a pretty
good dinner here if we want to.
Mr. COLE. Where?
Mr. ANTHONY. At the restaurant below.
Mr. RAMSEY. I inquire of the Senator
from Pennsylvania how long it will probably
take if we continue in session to dispose of
the bill?
Mr. SCOTT. On that the Senator from Min-
nesota can judge as well as I. If the vote were
taken on this amendment it would probably
give some indication of how soon we may be
able to dispose of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania withdraw his
motion for a recess?
Mr. SCOTT. Having given notice of the
intention to make the motion, if it meets the
view of the Senate 1 withdraw it for the pres-
ent with the hone that we may now get a vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, fhe ques-
tion is on the amendment, of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. MoRRILL.]
Mr. KELLY. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Car-
penter.] If he were present he would vote
against the amendment, and I should vote
for it.
Mr. ANTHONY. On this question T am
paired with the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Ferry.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 32 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Casserly, Colo,
Goldthwaite, Harlan, Johnston, Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Sher-
man, Spencer, Sprague, Stcvenoon, Trumbull, and
"Wright—17.
NAifS—Messrs. foreman, Buckingham, Cald-
well^ Cameron, Chandler, Clayton, Conklmg. Cor-
bett, Cragm, Davis ol West Virginia,Ferry of Mich-
igan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, (filbert, Hamilton
of Maryland. Hill, Howe, Lewi-, Osborn, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Scott, Stewart,
Stockton, Sumner, Yickers, West, Wilson, and Win-
dom—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Brown-
low, Carpenter, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Ed
niunds, Fenton, Ferry ot' Connecticut, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Kelly, Mor-
ton, Nye. Pool, Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Schurz, TUurman, and Tipton—25.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the reserved amendment of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, if-lie insists upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment will be read:
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert after the word "coffee," in line three,
the words " salt and coal," and to strike out
the word "and" before "coffee."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is in accord with
the expressed view of the House of Represent-
atives two or three times over. I think they
have sent us two bills repealing the duties on
these articles, and if there is a disposition to
harmonize with the House in repealing the
duty on tea and coffee, I think it ought tcf be
extended also to salt and coal, and I cannot
see why the same reason does not apply to
those articles as to tea and coffee.
