184
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Ho. of Reps.
Protection to American Industry—Mr. Hill.
42d Cong 2d Sess.
and private revenues greater than ever. Once more,
in 1846, the British policy of free trade was adopted
by repealing our tariff, and, notwithstanding the
discovery of gold in California, money was as high
as ever. British iron came in and gold went out. In
1857 the culmination was reached, and a crisis came
on. The Treasury was again nearly bankrupt. In
three years emigration fell below the point of
twenty-eight years before, and our own exports fell
off to a mere nothing. Such have been the effects
of yielding to a policy recommended by men and
nations having interests to serve that are at war with
all the best interests of our own country."
A great deal has been said about pig iron, as
if the duty was very high. This is a great mis-
take. The duty has never been so low as it is
now in sixty years, except for a short time.
Here it is:
Per ton.
Under the tariff of 1816 ..   $10
Under the tariff of 1S24 13
Under the tariff of 18SS3 10
Under the tariff of 1842  9
Under the tariff of 1846, about  7
Under the tariff of 1857    5
Under the tariff of 1861  9
Under the tariff of 1870  7
The same depression in business thatexisted
in our iron-works at the time referred to above
existed in the iron-mines of every district
throughout the country, and those in my
district were closed up, men out of employ-
ment, many in a starving condition, no work
at any price ; and though the bowels of the
earth were filled with the precious ore, yet
there was no market after it was mined.
So one establishment after another closed, and
many of them were sold for a mere nominal
sum. Again, under the tariff of 1857, when
pig iron was down to five dollars, a day's work
was difficult to get, and.wages were from fifty
to eighty-seven and a half cents per day. Now,
under the present tariff, wages at the mines
are from one dollar and a half to two dollars
and two dollars and a half per day. Now the
mines are in active operation. The miners
have full employment, and everything about
them is thrifty and prosperous. Towns and
villages are growing up. School houses and
churches are being built. Railroads are reach-
ing forth to them; and ail is life and activity.
Mr. Speaker, we want this to continue; and
it will if Congress will let the iron business
alone.
I received a letter not long since from a
gentleman who writes me :
"In 1869, when I visited Europe, I found about
the iron-works in England, Wales, and Belgium,
women and girls working about the blast-furnaces,
doing the same work themen did, such as filling ore
and coal and wheeling it to the furnaces, and also in
the rolling-mills, piling iron and wheeling the piles
to the heating furnaces, and also hauling the fin-
ished iron. When I was in Dowlais, South Wales,
it was a very rainy day, and I remember distinctly
seeing many women and girls working in the rain
filling the furnaces, without any protection what-
ever, as all that work is done in the open air, having
no store or cast houses. They do not pay the women
as high rate of wages as they do the men; not more
than from one half to three quarters as much."
No wonder the pig iron manufacturers of
Europe can make iron cheaper than we can.
Can any reasonable man ask or desire to have
our blast-furnaces and iron-works in this coun-
try worked in the same manner? Can it be
expected that our workingmen can compete
with such labor? It is out of all reason. I
am thankful that labor is too much respected
here, and hope the time will never come when
such scenes as described above will ever be
witnessed in the blast-furnaces and iron-mills
of America,
There are rich and extensive iron mines in
the counties of Morris, Sussex, and Passaic,
in my district, with about two hundred and fifty
open shafts. The mines are being rapidly de-
veloped, in which, of late, a large amount of
capital has been invested, and upon which a
large population depends for a living, and are
all deejjly interested in the question of the
tariff, l'hey desire to have it remain as it is.
But recently they sent to me, to be presented
to the House, remonstrances largely signed,
which read as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America :
The undersigned, citizens of New Jersey, respect-
fully represent that they learn that an effort is being
made to reduce the duties on imported merchandise.
Believing that it is the duty of the national Govern-
ment to encourage and defend the various branches
of American industry against the aggressive policy
of foreign Governments, they remonstrate against
any change m the existing tariff that will withdraw
a proper and effective protection from any branch
of such industry. The^, therefore, pray that in lay-
ing a tariff of duties for revenue on imported mer-
chandise, that the duties shall be so adjusted as to
afford adequate protection to similar articles of
merchandise manufactured in the United States, in
such a manner as not to burden any branch of
American industry, and to foster the honor and
interest of the American laborer; and that, as to
those imported articles which do not come into com-
petition with articles manufactured or produced in
theUnite.d States, they should be admitted free or
at low rates of duty.
1 hope their voice will be heard.
In behalf of the many iron-workers and
miners in my district I protest against any
further reduction of duty on this very im-
portant branch of business, and would say to
the members of this House, Be careful how
you legislate against such an important inter-
est, and against the interest of the American
manufactures and American workingmen.
Another important interest of my district is
the manufacture of silk, located at Paterson.
The following statement was made to the Sen-
ate Finance Committee by a committee of silk
manufacturers and operatives;
"The manufacture of silks is a new industry in
this country, and requires time, patience, skill, and
capital to develop it. Under the protection afforded
by the present tariff, (aided, it may be, by the oper-
ation of the Anglo-French free-trade treaty,; this
industry has grown as follows:
'' The capital invested in it has increased from
S3,000,000 to $25,000,000. It now affords employment
for sixteen thousand operatives, three fourths of
them women and young persons, for whom such
employment is specially adapted, it being clean,
light, and healthy. The wages paid these opera-
tives amount to $7,200,000 per annum, being a weekly
average, for women and girls, of seven dollars, and,
for men and boys, of twelve dollars. One third of
these operatives are European immigrants, and,
being skilled, have become teachers for our native-
born operatives.
"The importation of raw silk for the year 1871
was ten thousand three hundred bales, or one mil-
lion three hundred and thirty thousand pounds, all
of which was worked up in this country.
" Besides the employment afforded directly, there
is that afforded indirectly, such as building factories,
making machinery, &c.
" We admit that silk goods are higher than before
1861; but this is mainly owing to the fact that all raw
silks in the countries of production are now more
' than double the price they were immediately betore
1861.
" For the year ending June, 1871, the value of im-
ported silk goods (under the sixty per cent, duty)
with duty and charges added, amounted, in cur-
rency, to $42,550,000
and, uuder the fifty per cent, duty  10.895,000
52,945,000
We made silk goods during the year 1871... 30,000,000
"The growth of our manufactures is now telling
on the importers, who are fast becoming commission
merchants, preferring to sell consigned goods for a
commission to buying such goods at their own risk;
but any measure tending to cripple or restrict our
manufacturers will tend also to restore the import-
ing trade to its old standing with its large profits,
which profits are as much an increase of cost to the
cons umer as a castoms duty is, but which does not
benefit the country in the same way, neither does it
benefit the operative classes in the shape of wages.
"A reduction of the present duties on silk goods
would be extremely detrimental and perhaps ruinous
to a young and most important industry, which, if
fostered by us as it always has been by foreign Gov-
ernments, will soon be one of the most important
industries of this great country.
" The chief seats of the silk manufacture are
Paterson, New Jersey; New York, Brooklyn, and
Yonkers, New York; Hartford, Willimantic, and
Mansfield, Connecticut; Boston, Northampton,
Florence, Haydensville, and Canton, Massachusetts;
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania."
This interest is in its infancy and a new
branch of industry in the country. About ten
years ago it started in Paterson, which is now
the great center of this manufacture. It com-
menced with a capital of some few hundred
thousand dollars, and from three hundred to
five hundred hands were employed. Now
about ten millions capital are invested there,
six to seven thousand hands employed, and
$3,000,000 paid out annually and circulated
in Paterson alone. It is only within a few
years that they have been able successfully to
carry on the business. Those engaged in this
business have been to great expense in pro-
curing the machinery and securing skilled
workmen to bring it to a high state of perfec-
tion; many of their hands have come here
from foreign lands to better their condition,
and it is only by the protection afforded by
the present tariff that the business and the
workmen have prospered, and the silk indus-
try become an interest of such vast import-
ance. The silk manufacture of Paterson is a
wonder to all. As stated, it begun in a smali
way; great difficulties had to be encountered,
great prejudices to be overcome, and our
manufacturers now have to compete with the
cheap labor of Europe.
The proposition of the Senate Finance Com-
mittee to reduce the duty ou bilk ten per cent,
(which was voted down in the Senate) caused
no little uneasiness among the opeiatives en-
gaged in the silk business in Paterson. Many
of these hands are women and g>rls ; the work
is clean, light, and healthy, and gives employ-
ment to a class who much need it. A reduction
in duties, it is feared, would close up some of
the silk-mills, and be followed by a reduction
in wages, and weavers and other hands could
not afford such a reduction; and in behalf of
the six thousand operatives in thatcity engaged
in this work, I ask that the present duty on
siik be left as it is. Sir Morton Peto, in his
Resources of America, speaking of the burdens
borne and the men raised in our gigantic
struggle, says:
" To what are wo to trace all this, to what are we
to attribute this? First of all, Imu t think, to the
absence of pauperism in the United States, where
every man has something to defend."
It is not.desirable that the operatives of this
country should be reduced to the level of the
pauper operatives of Europe, whose paltry
wages have to be eked out by public aid ;
neither is it desirable that a young and grow-
ing interest, such as the silk trade, should be
crippled or destroyed.
I ask, therefore, that the present protection
to the silk interest be maintained to enable
the manufacturers to continue to use their cap-
ital and to devote their energies to the trade,
to compete successfully.with the foreign manu-
facturers and their cheap labor in this market.
Cheapness here means low wages aud misery.
This is a grave social question. We have
already seen and heard something of the op-
eratives of Macclesfield. I present an extract
from the speech of Senator Scott delivered a
few days ago. He said;
"Bat it is not only in the rough work of the for-
est, the forge, and the mine that labor is asking for
protection. New Jersey came with her samples of
silk, and from the mouths of the laborers whose skill
had woven them we learned the same truth that wa3
urged by her other sons who are skillful in the manu-
facture of glass and of earthenware, that the choice
presented to us was to receive and pay lor the pro-
ducts of the cheap and ignorant labor of foreign
lands or to protect the better paid and intelligent
labor of our own.
"We had before us, Mr. President, in that com-
mittee, a laborer who learned his trade in England,
who worked at Macclesfield, and who came to Pat-
erson, New Jersey, and is now there engaged in the
manutacture of silk. 1 wish that the manner of his
testimony could be witnessed and the whole matter
of it heard before this whole Senate. I w-a* struck
with the man's intelligence, with his practical
knowledge, and with his frankness, and took down
a few detached sentences as he went on giving his
plain, unvarnished story. What were they? lie
said:
'"The wages at Macclesfield, where I worked,
were: weavers averaged weekly in 1866 -Is. 6d.; girls,
2«. id.; my own girl got that then. In Paterson,
New Jersey, she now receives six dollars per week.
I would have then been better pleased to send her
to school, but I could not. Our poorest mo&ls here
