1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1133
for and have great confidence in the Germans
of this country, and I respect them too highly
to believe that they can be made to follow any
man simply because he is himself a German
by birth. I tell that Senator, and I tell' him
in all kindness, that if he wants to revive
American Know-Nothingism, with all its evils
and with all its enormities, he can take no
better course than by attempting to establish
German Know-Nothingism. The attempt to
separate them from men of American birth, to
make them believe they have separate inter-
ests, that they ought to vote together, is natu-
rally calculated to bring about and revive the
old feeling of American Know-Nothingism. I
execrated it on the one side and I execrate it
on the other side.
I believe that when men come here and cast
in their lot with us and become American
citizens there should be no political distinc-
tions, except such as are founded upon merit
and exist among all classes of men without
regard to birth; and I will go further, and say
what I said in 18G0—and I said it then in a
public speech which is on record—that so far
as I am concerned I would strike from the
Constitution that provision which says that no
man of foreign birth shall be President of the
United States. I believe in allowing the peo-
ple of the country to elect whomsoever they
please, whether he was bom in this country or
abroad; and I believe in allowing them to elect
him a second time, too, if they think proper.
I am opposed to the one provision as much as
I would be to putting into the Constitution the
one-term principle, as proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. President, I shall now offer some evi-
dence to show what use has been made of the
position of that Senator, and I must now refer,
because this is all a part of the transaction;
as the lawyers say, it is a part of the resgestce.
This very proceeding here to-day is a part of,
what is called the Missouri movement; it is a
part of the Cincinnati convention movement;
it is preparing the country for the Cincinnati
convention, and I must be allowed to go back
briefly in history, and see from what begin-
nings the Cincinnati convention came.
In 1870 there was a coalition formed in the
State of Missouri upon the part of the Sena-
tor with the Democracy of that State. What
was the result of that coalition ? He carried
with, him many friends. The result of it was
the election of a Democratic Governor of
Missouri; Gratz Brown was not elected as a
Democrat, but he is to-day as thorough a
Democrat as there is in the State of Missouri;
Democratic State officers, a Democratic Legis-
lature in both branches, and the result is a
Democratic Senator sitting on my left here
from the State of Missouri, [Mr. Blair,] and
the Senator from Missouri on my right [Mr.
Sciiurz] brought the Senator from Missouri
on my left into this Chamber. The Senator
on my left is senatorially and ofiicially the
offspring of the Senator on my right. He is
just as responsible for the presence of that
Senator here as if he had constituted the
entire Missouri Legislature and had elected
him.
Mr. BLAIR. I would say to the Senator
that I was elected here by the people of Mis-
souri, and not by my colleague. I believe
that my colleague did endeavor to have a fair
election, and give the people of Missouri a
right to vote; and if that is any offense to
Republicans, be it so; probably it is to the
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, good pre-
tensions are exceedingly cheap. The Senator
from Missouri, however, on my left [Mr.
Blair] was elected by a Democratic majority
of each house of .the Missouri Legislature;
and, as we all know as well as we know that
we nre here to-day, that Democratic majority
was brought about by the coalition made be-
tween the Senator from Missouri on my right
[Mr. ScHtjRz] and the Democratic politicians
of Missouri.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President 
Mr. MORTON. I do not yield.
Mr. BLAIR. I hope 
Mr. MORTON. If I yield all the time, my
speech will be entirely broken up.
Mr. BLAIR. I simply want to make one
single remark. The coalition was against
disfranchisement.
Mr. MORTON. No, Mr. President, that
is the pretense. The enfranchisement of the
rebels of Missouri had been secured before
that coalition was formed. That, I know, was
the pretense, but an intimate acquaintance
with the politics of Missouri has shown to me
conclusively that the question of enfranchise-
ment had been submitted to the people of
Missouri to bo voted on by the preceding
Legislature, and the question as to who was
elected Governor of Missouri could not affect
it. It was made the pretense, but it had
nothing whatever to do with the question of
the coalition ; and I wanted to say, Mr. Pres-
ident, that that coalition has never been dis-
solved; it exists in full force to-day; and if
the Senator from Missouri on my left is not
authorized to speak for his colleague, here is
as good a place to disavow it as can be found.
Mr. President, I have here a speech made
by the Senator from Missouri on my left, [Mr.
Blair,] at Meridian, Mississippi, made Novem-
ber of last year, and I will ask the Secretary
to read from the New York World the pas-
sage which I have marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"Tho great leading mind of this people, one of tho
Senators from Missouri, my honored colleague, who
is among tho first statemen in America and in tho
Senate of the United States, has openly expressed
his dissent to the harsh and cruel measures adopted
to govern tho South and kcop it subject to tho
North. [Loud applause.] I believe as firmly as X
bolievo anything that tho entire mass of German
voters at the North will, in the next election, if wo
give thorn a fair opportunity, unit© themselves with
the Democratic party and givo us a swooping and
overwhelming triumph. [Applause."]
Mr. MORTON. Thare, Mr. President, we
have it stated by the Senator from Missouri
on my left, when talking totheKu Klux down
South 
Mr. BLAIR. No, sir; I did not talk to the
Ku Klux; I talked to the citizens down
South.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Indiana yield?
Mr, MORTON. No, sir ; I am very much
inclined to think 
Mr. BLAIR. I will not allow the Senator
from Indiana 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri cannot speak in the time of the
Senator from Indiana unless the Senator from
Indiana yields. The Senator from Missouri is
aware of that rule which gives the possession
of the floor to the Senator from Indiana unless
he sees fit to yield. After the Senator from
Indiana has concluded, the Senator from Mis-
souri will be recognized; but when he declines
to yield, the Chair cannot allow the Senator
from Indiana to be interrupted.
Mr. MORTON. I want to saj; that I think
he was talking to a Ku Klux audience for two ,
reasons: first, because of the character of his j
speech, and next, because they were known to |
exist in that neighborhood; and I ask by what j
authority he pledged the people of the South |
that the five hundred thousand German voters
of the North and of this country in the com-
ing election would vote the Democratic ticket?
If he did not get authority from his colleague,
where did he get it?
Mr. BLAIR rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator yield?
Mr. BLAIR. Does the Senator ask me to
answer that question?
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator yield to
me?
The VICE PRESIDENT. To which Sen-
ator does the Senator from Indiana yield?
Mr. MORTON. I yield to both.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri farthest from the Chair [Mr.
Blair] is first recognized.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator from Indiana
has asked me the question by what authority
I undertook to make that statement. I will
say to him that the speech which I made did
not pledge any one. I simply expressed my
opinion. As for what I said about my col-
league, it was simply repeating a public declar-
ation of his which was known to the whole
country.
Mr. SCHURZ. I should be very sorry,
indeed, to interrupt the close legal reasoning
of the Senator from Indiana on the sale of
arms, [laughter ;] but I must say that the dec-
laration made by my colleague in his speech—
where was it delivered ? In fact I must say I
did not hear it; I hear it now for the first
time.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. It was at Meridian, Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. SCHURZ. At any rate, it was not au-
thorized by me. The public declarations that
I have made in my public speeches are before
the country. I made a speech at Nashville,
I made a speech at Louisville, and made one
at Chicago. In those speeches I declared
what I was going to do on several questions,
explained my principles, and defined my posi-
tion. And after having said this, I will sit
down again and give my friend from Indiana
an opportunity to continue his legal argument
on the sale of arms. [Laughter.]
Mr. MORTON. It is possible that I may
not bo making a very close, legal, connected
speech ; but how could I make such a speech
in reply to the Senator's—a speech made up
of assertions and insinuations—I will not say
calumnies, because that would be unpailia-
mentary ?
The Senator says he made a speech at
Chicago, and so he did, and he said in that
speech that if General Grant was nominated
he would not support him, and he said it, too,
with the most perfect understanding that Gen-
eral Grant, if he lived, would be the nominee
of the next Republican convention. The Seu-
ator is too able not to understand that the
great mass of the people of this country—I
mean the Republicans—are for General Grant,
and the man who cannot see that is blind.
When the Senator said in advance, " If the
Republican party should nominate General
Grant, I cannot support him," I ask if he was
not authorizing his colleague on the left, hia
official offspring, to speak for him in Missis-
sippi?
Mr. SCHURZ. May I interrupt the Sen-
ator for a moment?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. Did the Senator say that
I declared in my speech in Chicago that I
took it for certain that I believed General
Grant would be nominated?
Mr. MORTON. No, the Senator did not
say that. Oh, no, he did not say that; but
he said he would not vote for him if he was
nominated.
Mr. SCHURZ. I did say that.
Mr. MORTON. He says he did say that.
That is all I say he said, and I say that ha
said it With the full knowledge that in all
human probability General Grant would_ be
nominated, and he thereby put himself against
the Republican party. Now, I am not re-
sponsible for the Senator saying that. Nobody
regretted it more than I did when I read it,
because nobody has a higher appreciation of
the Senator's abilities than I have had; and
when he put himself in that unfortunate posi-
tion nobody regretted it more than I did ; but
it was his own work; it was not mine. All
that I do is to recognize the fact. And when
the Senator subsequently repeated thatdeclar-
