1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2925
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask the Sen-
ator whether it is not better to take up those
bills separately ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why take up the bills
separately? They have all been sent here.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The House sent
them to us separately, and I think it is always
bad to complicate legislation in this way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think in regard to
the tariff it is very bad to tinker with the
tariff in this way by passing a bill as to a
single article. No one, I apprehend, will mis-
apprehend the purport of this bill to repeal
the duty on tea and coffee. We all know that
they are articles not produced in this coun-
try, that the increased price adBed to those
articles by the duty goes into the Treasury of
the United States. It is purely a revenue
tariff that is laid on tea and coffee, and by
repealing the duty on these articles it neces-
sitates a higher duty upon the articles which
the Senator from New Jersey wishes to pro-
tect; and 110 one I suppose in the Senate or
out of the Senate is misled by this species of
legislation or fails to understand that the
object is by diminishing the revenue to create
a necessity for a high protective tariff.
Some salt is produced in this country, some
coal is produced in this country, and some is
brought from other countries. The salt that
comes from abroad is more than doubled in
price by the duty which you impose upon it.
And while that is the case, and all the duty
paid upon the foreign salt goes into the Treas-
ury of the United States, we all know that the
increased price upon the domestic salt, that
which is produced here, goes to the persons
who produce it, to the few persons engaged in
the manufacture of salt, and none of it goes
into the Treasury. While the people of the
country are taxed many million dollars in
consequence of the duty upon salt, less.than a
million perhaps or a little more than a million
only reaches the Treasury of the. United States,
while all the duty that we pay upon tea and
coffee goes into the Treasury, and the en-
hanced price of those articles is a tax, the
benefits of which the Government receives to
the full extent.
Now I hope, Mr. President, that the Sen-
ate will consent to agree with the House and
let salt and coal go upon the free list. On
that question I should like to have the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. On thisques-
tion I am paired with the Senator from Ver-
mont. I understand that the Senator is in
favor of free coal and I am against free salt.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir;
myself. [Laughter.]
Mr. AN ITIONY. I am paired a good deal
like the Senator from Vermont, but I am
paired wiih the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Ferry,] and afc all events I will not vote
ior that reason.
The question being taken by yeas ana nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Casserly, Cole,
Hamlin, Hnrian, Johnston, Logan, Norwood, Salis-
bury, Spencer, Stevenson, Trumbull, and Win-
dom—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman, Buckingham. Caldwell,
Cameron, Chandler. Clayton, Conkling, Coibef.t,
Cragm, Davis of West wiiginia, Ferry of Michi-
gan, ilanagan. Frelmgouysen, Gilbert, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton ot Maryland, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe,
Lewis, Oriborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice,
fecotf. Sherman. Sprague, Stewart, Stockton. Vick-
eria* t ^e'{\d W1 ]sun—33.
ABSENT—Mfes^rs. Ames Anthony. Blair, Brown-
low, Carpenter. Cooper, Davis ol Kentucky, Ed-
munds, Fenton. Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton
°£ lexas, Kolloirs;, Kelly, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
or Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson. Pool. Ransom,
Kobertson, S.iwyer, Schurz, Sumner, Thurman,
lipton, and Wright—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. An amendment
has been made in Committee of the Whole
fixing the time when this act shall take effect.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to have a distinct
vote on that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CASSERLY. The only argument I
think that is really worthy of much attention
in the Senate in favor of the passage of a frag-
mentary tariff bill confined to two articles like
tea and coffee, is that the tea and coffee inter-
ests of the country are suffering by delay. I
say that because I have heard 110 other reason
given during the debate of to-d .y. If we
should consider the proposition to make tea
and coffee free in the light of any theory
of revenue that has ever been seriously pre-
sented or seriously adhered to by the ac-
complished men in other parts of the world
who have studied taxation as a science, no
argument in favor of making tea and coffee
free can be urged that is worthy, as it seems to
me, of more than a moment's consideration.
Therefore a measure to select these two arti-
cles out of the whole list of your tariff for the
purpose of making them free must depend for
its favor in this Senate upon considerations of
the alleged suffering condition of the tea and
coffee interest throughout the country. Now,
if there is anything in that argument, if there
is any such suffering, if there is any such
embarrassment, why prolong that suffering
and that embarrassment until the 1st of July?
Why not let this bill take effect at once, as it
came from the House? I ask the Clerk to
read the bill as it came from the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill, as it
came from the House of Representatives, will
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. Now, sir, if we are to
give a boon to a suffering interest of great im-
portance in the country, if the sympathies
which have been so freely expressed here are
to have a practical direction, let us relieve
those interests at once, let us end the suffering,
let us end the embarrassment. The trouble,
whatever it is—and I do not mean to underrate
it at all—proceeds from the inability of the
holders of large stocks of tea and coffee to dis-
pose of those articles with their usual facility.
There is a difficulty that arises from the delays
of Congress in dealing with the subject.
In the next place, how do we know if we
send this bill back to the House with an amend-
ment postponing the time for its operation
that the House will act upon it promptly or
act upon it at, all ? While the debate was pro-
ceeding I looked through the bill which-has
come here very recently from the House, a
most elaborate and careful bill to all appear
ances, and one that does undertake to deal
with the tariff as a whole, and not by a scrap
here and a scrap there, a system calculated to
" make confusion worse confounded.'' There-
fore, to avoid any possibility of further delay
in the House, in order to furnish the relief
which is called for at once, and in the only
manner that it seems to me is adequate in the
emergency, I propose to move that the amend-
ment postponing the operation of this bill be
stricken out.
Mr. CONKLING. That is reached by the
motion to concur.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring. Non-concurrence with the
amendment rejects it. The question is on
concurring in the amendment made in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. CASSERLY. I make that motion with
the greater confidence because I never have
believed, from the slight study I have given to
the subject, in the policy of postponing to a
distant day the operation of a revenue bill,
either tariff or internal revenue. While any
bill which you pass making a serious change
in imported articles under the tariff or the
internal revenue must operate hardly in cer-
tain quarters, it seems to me that the more
wholesome way, having regard to the general
welfare, is to let your bill operate as promptly
as possible. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the question
of concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole the Senator from
California demands the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 41, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Clayton,
Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Harlan, Hill,
Hitchcock, Howo, Johnston, Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood. Osborn, Pat-
terson, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer, Scott, Sher-
man, Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stewart, Trum-
bull, West, Wilson, and Windom—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Saulsbury, Stockton, and
Vickers—7.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ame<s, Blair, Brownlow, Car-
penter, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis,
Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool. Ransom, Robertson,
Schurz, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, and Wright—26.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed
and the bill to be read the third time. The
bill was read the third time.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am requested by
the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Johnstox] to
state that he was paired with the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmonds.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 10, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Chandler, Clayton,
Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Davis of West Vir-
ginia. Ferry ol Michigan, Flanagan, Frehnghuvsen,
Uilbert.Goldthwaite, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe,
Lewis, Logan, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson, Pome-
roy, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Saulsbury, Scott, Spencer,
Stewart, Stockton, Vickers, West, and Wilson.—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Hamilton of
Maiylaud. Hamlin, Morrill of Vermont, Sherman,
Sprague, Stevenson, Trumbull, and Windom—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Brownlow, Car-
penter, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds. Fen-
ton, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of Texas,
Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Morrill of Maine. Mor-
ton, Nye, Pool, Ransom, Robertson, Sawyer, Schurz,
Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, and Wright—25.
So the bill was passed.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate resume
the consideration of House bill No. 1191,
making .appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending June 30, 1873.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at five
o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 30, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
Praver by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the regular order
of business.
planting op trkes.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being demanded, the morning hour
commences at twenty-two minutes past eleven
o'clock, and the House resumes the consider-
ation of the bill (H. R. No. 2197) to encour-
age the planting of trees and for the preserva-
tion of woods on the public domain now held
by the United States.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I propose to have this
