1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Protection to American Industry—Mr. Mill.
Ho. op Reps,
would have been sumptuous fare there. We seldom
had animal food, and worked fifty-eight hours per
week. Prosperous times in England make it better
now. Young women get now per week five shil-
lings i women nine to ten shillings; men now get
fifteen to sixteen shillings. My savings here are
equal to wliat my earnings were in England, after
enjoying here three times the comforts we got
there."'
Here is something worthy of notice, and let
all who favoi; free trade and the cheap labor of
Europe ponder well this statement. Here is
a worUingman, a weaver, who has worked on
both sides of the Atlantic. He says he can
live on a good diet, educate his children, and
then, after all his expenses are paid, lay up
more each year than all the wages he could
earn wfaen he lived in England. A few facts
in regard to wages paid in Europe and those
paid here to silk hands will convince every one
that the poorly paid labor of Europe is not
such as we want here. They tell as in England
that labor is too high in the United States.
Protection lifts up, dignities, and honors labor.
Work is better done, and more of it, when
those who do it are well paid. Prices are not
so great in this country as to justify a reduc-
tion of wages; and I do not think the manu-
facturers are unreasonable in their request
that the silk interest be let alone.
Those who saw the beautiful samples of silk
made at Paterson, New Jersey, wondered that
such perfection had been so soon reached in
their manufacture in this country. We were
told by the weaver referred to by Senator
Scott in the above;
"'Of course these gentlemen who have invested
their money in buildings and machinery are greatly
interested in the success of their enterprise, but no
less than are we, the workmen. I was a weaver in
England before the free-trade treaty with France,
and had charge of a large mill. But that treaty
ruined us, not only the capitalists, I mean, but the
weavers, too; hundreds and thousands were thrown
outot employment. I have been in this country
since 1855.'
"You say that the Paterson mills are turning out
better goods than were made in the mills when you
were employed in England; how do they do it ?
"' In til" first place, a fairly-paid workman will
always make better goods than one who is under-
paid. Then, we all think that the future of the
business depends very much on our being able to
supplant foreign goods m the American market.
You know that American watches made by certain
firms are now much more highly prized than foreign
ones. The prejudice against the watch made at home
was overcome, not bymaking awatch as good as the
Swiss watches, but by making a better one. We are
now trying to do the same for American silks, and
we are succeeding, too. Dp not you suppose the in-
telligent weavers are as much interested in that as
the owners? We are making improvements, too,
in our machinery and in our processes. The dyeing
of the silk threail has always been a difficult matter,
but we bave in Paterson now men who produce as
brilliant and as delicate colors as I ever saw in Eng-
land. while they put in much less in weight of dye-
stuff.' "
I have in my posession a letter written by a
gentleman traveling in Austrian Tyrol last
year, from which I make the following extract:
'' i having been making some more inquiries as to
silk labor here. In lloverodo, the chief siik man-
ufacturing town of the region, first-class cocoon-
winders get, for seventy-two hours' work, $1 80 a
week. They are only employed at certain seasons
of the year. Raw-silk winders find regular employ-
ment and work sixty-nine hours for from ninety
cents to one dollar a week. They come into town
from the country on Sunday night, or Monday
morning, andreturn hoineon Saturday night. They
board and lodge in town for forty-five cents a week.
Their principal article of food is cormneal, which is
cooked simply with salt and water. Occasionally,
they eat a little salad and salt fish. They sleep in
barracks like soldier?, a large number in a room, for
which thev pay one Austrian kreutzer anight. It
is interesting to figure out the amount of money
which these poor people have to spare after their
board is paid, and to compare it and their mode of
life with that which is paid our hands and the man-
ner in which tlie latter live."
One of England's most celebrated philoso-
phers and artists, Mr. John Buskin, in one of
the recent lectures upon the topic of English
labor that he delivered there, said:
"Though England is deafened with spinning-
wheels, her people have not clothes; though* she is
blaok with the digging of luel, they die of cola; and
though she has sold her soul for gain, they die of
hunger.".
In contrast tvith the above I quote from a
letter describing a factory at Cohoes, a town
in the State of New York, taken from an Eng-
lish paper:
c "?*? greatest care has been taken to provide com-
Jortable boarding-houses for young men and women
in the employ of the company. There are five of
them. One of them, intended for girls, I visited.
It would accommodate one hundred and fifty board-
ers, who took their meals together; two girls occu-
pying a sleeping-room together, which was twelve
feet square, with a ceilingnineand a half feet high,
each room being provided with a large window,and
each-door with a transom-ventilator above it. On
each floor was a large sitting-room, on whose walls
I noticed some attractive chromos; in one sitting-
room a inelodeon was standing open. In thisboard-
mg-house there was a sick-room, and medical at-
tendance was provided at the expense of the com-
pany. No child under fifteen is allowed to tend a
loom, but many much younger are employed in the
mills at other work, where they can assist in their
own maintenance; but the appearance of all the
employes was rosy and healthful, and they certainly
did not look as though they wereoverworked. They
generally make sixty-four hour's work a week.
" For the instruction of the children of the city,
and especially of those employed in the mills, the
Harmony Hill Sunday School has been organized
by Mr. D. J. Johnston, the superintendent of the
Harmony Company. Since its organization, sixteen
years ago, it has admitted 2,565 members, and it has
now on its rolls 945 scholars, with an average attend-
ance of 420. _ The company furuish a free assembly-
room for this school, which is attractive in its ap-
pointments, and is large enough to accommodate
800 scholars. A beautiful fountain plays constantly
in the center of the room, a stained window illum-
inates the platform raised for the instructors, and
well-selected engravings adorn the walls. There is
a small organ, In the library there are 1,800 vol-
umes. For the use of this organization there is also
a reading-room, having files of 21 newspapers. As
a result of the care taken for the comfort, health,
and improvementof their mill-hands, the Harmony
Company have never had a strike."
And again, a writer on "silk making," in
Connecticut gives a striking account of the
manner of living of the hands employed there.
As the result of well-paid wages he remarks:
4< Jusfcnow, when theagitation between capital and
labor has become so noisy as to excite the interest,
and perhaps even the alarm, of the philosophic
student of human nature, this visit to the little
village of Manchester was peculiarly interesting.
The village is, lor the most part, made up of the
employers and employes in this business.
"Thesight is one of those lovely little valleys so
common in rural New England. The houses of the
owners, and those of thelaborers employed by them,
are all built in a circuit of a mile about the factory.
There were none of the hideous blocks of dwellings
which generally mark a factory town, but, instead,
beautiful cottages, with porticoes and piazzas, and
with pleasantlawnsandgardens, blending into each
other without the dividing line of fences. In the
center of the little community stands a handsome,
substantial building, which serves as a place of
worship, with a hail for all kinds of wholesome
public entertainment, and a public reading-room.
Over all was an atmosphere of peace and good will,
as if the highest breeding of pure democracy pre-
vailed, and in this spot capital had joined hands
with labor, and was lifting it up to higher levels,
instead of merely climbing to selfish gain. Such was
the impression brought away after a short stay in
this village in the heart of Connecticut—an impres-
sion which helped to hopefulness of our country's
iuture progress in humanity, as well as of her future
material prosperity.
The agitation of the tariff question by Con-
gress has caused considerable anxiety and
uneasiness, not Onlyamongthe manufacturers
of silk in my district, but, as I said before,
among the operatives also; many of them
have witnessed the effects of free trade in
Europe in the destruction of many of their
industries, especially the silk interest, the suf-
fering and misery it has caused, and are
alarmed lest a like calamity befall them in this
country from the same causes. One of the
weavers, with whom I am well acquainted,
in a letter received a few days ago, dated
at Paterson, in speaking of the silk manufac-
turing abroad, and prices paid for labor, says:
" I find from a list of prices made in Macclesfield
in 1813, for silk-weaving, that the price paid for
weaving a two-thousand sarsenet was 10a. lOtf. per
yard, and in a list made in 1849 the price was 4s. 4d.
for the same kind of work, and soon after the aboli-
tion of the last fifteen per cent* duty the price for
weaving this kind of work was reduced to three-
pence half penny, and m some instances to three-'
pence per yard. Now, by a comparison=©f the lists
above named it will.be found thata correspond^
ing reduction bad taken place in all classes of goods.
Does there need a greater proof than this that free
trade means a destruction of wages ? In fact in
all my experience free trade means a universal
cheapening of everything at the expense of all
classes of producers.
" I believe that any reduction of the duty on silks
imported into this country will bat be the beginning
of the end, because we may rest assured that they
will not stop until the last vestige of protection is
swept away. I hope we shall escape.
The effects of free trade on the silk business of
Jipgland—in 1844 there were in South Lancashire
within a circle of eighteen miles, taking the town
of Leigh for its center, eight thousand silk looms in
operation; in 1866, under free trade, there were not
one thousand looms in actual work. In Middleton,
North Lancashire, there were, in 1844, fourteen hun-
dred looms in full work; in 1866, they had dwindled
to a few looms, and then the few looms that were
employed were only partially so.
" Now, sir, the amount of suffering caused by this
state of things was beyond all conception and never
can be known. The above state of things applied
equally to the towns of Macclesfield, Leek, Congle-
ton, Derby, Coventry, and many other towns; while
in Spitalfields, the onoe great ccnter of silk wearing,
the trade had almost become obsolete.
" Now, under the above state of things, it was quite
natural that wages should be reduced to the lowest
possible figure. Then it was that happy homes were
broken up and families scattered never again to be
united in this world. Many of them havesought an
asylum in this country, and in this city of Paterson
hundreds have fixed their abodes, and again sur-
round themselves with those comforts that make
home the happiest place on earrh. We see around
us at this moment a rapid growth of the silk business,
promising at no distant period to become of vast
importance; but take from us adequate protection
and its ruin is a mere question of time. Give us time
to mature this interest, and no doubtits beneficial re-
sults willfullyjustifytheprotection it has received."
I stated that $3,000,000 annually are paid in
wages alone at Paterson. Now, to reduce the
duty on silk would cripple the industry, and
we can readily gee how the whole business
interests of that fast-growing and prosperous
city would suffer. I trust, therefore, no reduc-
tion will be made.
No stronger argument for protecting silk
manufacture and continuing the present duties
can be offered than the proceedings of the
Legislature of California on the 15th of Feb-
ruary last, when a bill of which the following
is an abstract was introduced offering a pre-
mium for the culture and manufacture of silk :
The bill proposes to offer premiums for California
marketable cocoons: for each 100 pounds for the
year 1872, $25; for 1873, $20; for 1874, $15; for 1875,
$10; and lor 1876,$5. Partiesraising coeoons for pre-
miums must notify the county judge of the county ia
which they reside, who must weigh the cocoons and
forward samples to the board of examiners. Premi-
ums for manufactured silk—first 1,000 pounds of
silk threads, $2,500; on first 5,000 pounds, $5,000;
of ribbons, for the first 1,000 pounds in picces of
from one to seven inches in width, $2,500; the Jfirst
5,000 pounds, $5,000; broad dress goods, first 100
pieces, not less than fifty yards in length, and not
less than twenty inches in width, $10,000; first 500
pieces, $15,000; for the first 5,000 pounds of spun
silk, $10,000.
If the people of California consider the man-
ufacture of silk of so much importance as to
call for legislation in its behalf and recom-
mending the offering of premiums for manu-
facturing it as stated'in the above bill, surely
the Congress of the United States can do no
less than continue to foster and sustain this
new and important industry.
The city of Paterson has many other indus-
tries that need the fostering hand of protec-
tion. and I trust that no modification of the
tariff will be made that will eoableforeign man-
ufactures to come in competition with any of
them. Paterson is one of the largest manufac-
turing cities of our country. Already are her
locomotives known throughout the Union, and t
sustain a high reputation, T he works are now
turning out about three hundred and fifty per
year. As it is only as the country prospers
that they prosper, the many thousands of
workmen employed in the shops of that city
unite with their fellow-workmen in the voice
of petitions asking for continued protection
