3822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,1
■would be sufficient; but I do not believe the
appropriation will stand any further reduc-
tion with any justice to the service to be
performed, and I desire to say that I know
of no Secretary of War during all of my pub-
lie life who in reference to the establishment
of barracks and posts has shown so much
thorough economy as the present Secretary
of War. We received a statement from him,
■which is now printed as one of the public
documents, containing a list of all appli-
cations made by commanders and commis-
saries of the different departments for the
building of barracks and quarters. In one
list we have all of the requests made by
these officers to the Secretary of War for
barracks and quarters, and in another list we
have all the requests which were allowed by
the Secretary of War himself before he made
a recommendation, with estimates, to Uie Com-
mittee on Appropriations. He had cut down
the requests to him for this purpose some sixty
per cent., and those estimates, thus reduced,
the Committee on Appropriations still further
reduced to the extent of $300,000. I hope no
further reduction will be made by the House.
The Senate has made this reduction without
rhyme or reason, and, as it would seem, only
for the sake of cutting down the appropriation.
In my judgment it ought not to be cut down
any lurther; and if gentlemen cut it down now,
they must expect next winter to have an item
in the deficiency bill to make good this appro-
priation to the extent to which it is now pro-
posed to be reduced. They must not say the
Committee on Appropriations have made an
underestimate for the purpose of meeting the
presidential election, and when it was over
came in hero and asked for a deficiency to
cover the reduction. I give gentlemen notice
mow that the Committee on Appropriations
has in no one of the twelve appropriation bills
made any underestimate for the purpose of
bringing in a deficiency bill next winter. If
the House now cut down this appropriation
as proposed by the Senate, after it has been
reduced to the extent I have already spoken
of, I give them fair notice that I expect
to bring in a deficiency appropriation for
$500,000 to meet this case. I hope we will
non-concur in the Senate amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist on a division.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred in.
The Clerk read the eighth amendment of
the Senate, as follows:
Add these words:
To enable tin- Secretary of Warto onlargo tho mil-
itary depot at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, to moot
the necessities of the public service, tho sum of
$200,000 is hereby appropi iated, to be^ expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War.
The SPEAKER. In that amendment of
the Senate the Committee on Appropriations
recommend non-concurrence.
Mr. HOLMAN. I should have liked that
the Committee on Appropriations had resisted
this amendment of the Senate. This is the old
controversy as to establishing a military depot
at Fort Leavenworth. It might have been
proper ten or twelve years ago, but clearly now
it is entirely unnecessary. Leavenworth is
not a frontier town any more. It ceased to be
so years ago ; and there is no reason for main-
taining barracks there. This is simply an
appropriation for building permanent barracks
and other buildings for a permanent military
depot. I trust the House will not concur in
the amendment.
Mr. DICKEY. In reply to the gentleman
from Ohio, I will only say that the Committee
on Appropriations is not a military committee,
and that in agreeing to recommend concurrence
in this amendment of the Senate, they were actu-
ated by the recommendations of the Secretary
of War; of General Pope, the commander of
that department; of General Sheridan, the
commander of the division ; and by an urgent
letter of General Sherman, the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army. All these authorities
united in recommending, in letters directed to
the committees of the Senate and the House,
this appropriation. They recommended, in-
deed, an appropriation of $350,000, which the
Senate committee cut down to $200,000. I do
not care about this appropriation, but merely
state what it was that actuated the committee
in recommending it.
Mr. HOLMAN. These recommendations
were made two years ago. Has there been any
recent recommendations?
Mr. DICKEY. The recommendation has
been reiterated in a letter from the Secretary
of War.
Mr. HOLMAN. When this proposition or
recommendation was formerly defeated, it was
defeated on the ground that there was no pub-
lic necessity for spending these large sums of
money merely for the purpose of improving
the town of Leavenworth, because Leaven-
worth was no longer a frontier town and a
proper place for a military depot. The case
would have been different if this had been an
appropriation for a military depot four or five
hundred miles further west, where our forces
would have to operate; but we might as well
talk about a military depot at Cincinnati or
St. Louis, or even Pittsburg, as of one at
Leavenworth. Leavenworth has ceased to be
a frontier town. There are no military opera-
tions organized from that point.
Mr. SARGENT. I would like to havo read,
in connection with this amendment, a letter
from the General of the Army, showing the
importance of this post.
Mr. HOLMAN. The same letter was read
twelve months ago.
Mr. SARGEN T. Very well; let it be read
again.
The Clerk read as follows:
[ Indorsement.}
Headquarters op the Army,
Washington, D. C„ January 7,1871.
Respectfully forwarded to the Secretary of War,
approved and recommended.
Fort Leavenworth is tho most valuable military
reservation in the West. It will always be the most
appropriate depot" and headquarters of a depart-
ment, and should have barracks tor a battalion of
infantry, regiment of cavalry, and suitable buildings
for headquarters. These in part already exist, and
the appropriation herein asked for is deemed ample
to begin and complete the whole. In myjudgment,
it is better to ask this appropriation "special,"
rather than to undertake the work by driblets out
of the annual appropriation forthe maintenance of
the Army. Though tho amount asked for may seem
large, it is, in fact, small as compared to the sums
expended on our sea-coast forts, which are not half
as important for the immediate uses ot the Army.
W. T. SHERMAN, General.
Mr. SARGENT. The highest military au-
thority in the country, and one certainly above
ail suspicion of any ulterior motives, informs
us that this is of the first importance. I trust
there will be no objection to the amendment.
Mr. COBURN. A letter of the Geaeral
of the Army is certainly entitled to very great
weight in a matter of this kind ; and I am
inclined to defer very much to his opinion.
But after all this is a matter not so much
of military judgment as of mere common
sense, it is a mere question as to the growth
of the country, as to the point where the
frontier is, as to the existence or continuation
of Indian hostilities. Now we have adopted
the peace policy in relation to the Indian. It
is hoped that in a very short time we will
have removed our Indians to reservations, and
that hostilities in a great measure, so far as
nations of Indians are concerned, will have
ceased. There may be a few sporadic cases,
if I may use that term, of hostility; an indi-
vidual here and there may be murdered or
robbed; but it is confidently believed that
within a very short time we will have done
away with Indian war.
Now, sir, where are the Indians who could
fight, or who could possibly endanger the
country? Why, the Sioux are away out in
Montana, a thousand or fifteen hundred miles
removed from this point. What i3 Fort Leav-
enworth ? A point on the Missouri river, which
once derived very considerable importance be-
cause it was then a point reached by steamboat
navigation, butnowitmakes no difference about
steamboat navigation. Points are reached
by railroads, and those railroads can transport
forage and food and building materials at points
very much further west. Why, you can now
take pine lumber from Chicago to Salt Lake
City ; all the plains of Iowa and Nebraska and
Colorado are to be supplied in great measure
by pine lumber from Chicago, and by wheat
grown in Iowa, Illinois, and Missouri, so that
the idea of having a depot of supplies on the
Missouri river, as my colleague [Mr. Holman]
says, is almost as much an anachronism as it
would be to put one at Cincinnati or Pittsburg
or Chicago.
The accommodations at Fort Leavenworth
are very large now. There are a great many
buildings there, and I should regret to see a
single dollar expended at that point until we
had abandoned the peace policy of the Indians,
and until we found it Was utterly and abso-
lutely impracticable to do anything with the
Indians but fight them, and even then I ven-
ture to say that if we had to carry on actual
hostilities we would have to establish depots
as far west as Denver, or Cheyenne, or Lara-
mie. We should never start from Leavenworth ;
our cavalrymen would never start from Leaven-
worth, but there would be gathered together
stores and supplies and all the materials of war
at points hundreds of miles further west. The
idea of taking and depositing them at Leaven-
worth only to be taken up again and trans-
ferred hundreds of miles to another depot
seems to me not in accordance with common
sense or with the progress of the times.
Mr. LOWE. It is not strange that gen-
tlemen who have given no attention to this
subject should hesitate before concurring in
this amendment, but the fact that this appro-
priation has been approved by the General of
the Army, by the general commanding the de-
partment, and by the Secretary of War, raises
at least a presumption that it is not without
merit. It may readily be conceded that this
depot or fort is not for the protection of the
immediate vicinity in which it is located. Fort
Leavenworth is situated on the western bank
of the Missouri river five hundred miles from
the Mississippi river. It has been for the last
thirty years, and still is, the general head-
quarters of the department of the Mississippi,
or of the West, by different names. It has
been, and still is, a great depot of supplies
and food for the outfitting of campaigns for
the W est for the purpose of protecting the
frontier settlements of Kansas, Nebraska,
Colorado, Arizona, and New Mexico.
It was originally established as a cavalry
post and its buildings were erected for that
purpose. There are at present quarters for
the accommodation of some six or eight com-
panies, and officers' quarters, and it is in foot
the headquarters of the department. The
object of this appropriation is to put the fort,
its buildings and appurtenances, upon such a
basis as will constitute it a depot or station for
the Army and supplies for the central western
portion of the country. It is desired to enlarge
the works so as to provide at least twelve
companies of cavalry with the necessary accom-
modations. It is suggested here that it would
be cheaper for the Government to make these
depots and concentrate these supplies on the
further frontier of the West. It is, as an
economical measure, and for the express pur-
pose of restricting the expenses of the Army
in that department, that this appropriation is
recommended and urged by the Secretary of
War and the General of the Army.
Who is there who does not know that the
transportation of forage and other supplies
from the Mississippi valley to the West is
one of the greatest expenditures of the Army?
In Arizona, in Nevada, and in New Mexico,
where armies have to be concentrated for the
defense of the country, you pay four or five
