1184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
ation at Nashville, I believe, and perhaps at
Louisville also,"shoving thatit was deliberately
made, with-a-deliberate" purpose, it proved to
me that the coalition'formed with the Democ-
racy in Missouri in 1870 (that coalition of which
my friend on my left was the offspring) had
not yet been dissolved.
Now, Mr. President, I have another speech,
for I am very much in love just now with what
my friend from Missouri on the left [Mr.
Blair] has said. 1 have another speech here
that I will read from. I like the Senator's
letters, as he knows, as I have had occasion to
read them sometimes. [Laughter.] I have
here a speech made by him in Montgomery,
Alabama, on the 20th of October last, while
the Senator was industriously engaged in the
investigation in the South for the purpose of
showing, no doubt, that there were no Ku
Klux down there, or if there were any, that they
were justified by the outrages of the carpet-
baggers and the colored people! I will ask
the Secretary to read the passage that I have
marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
" Now, my fellow-oitissens, to my view tho future
does not look gloomy even under the losses wo have
suffered this summer and autumn. I have no single
feeling of despottdenoy. It is well understood that
the Republican'party contains in itself soeds of dis-
content, of bitterness, of rivalry, and disaffection;
and it is natural in these preliminary elections that
those who are against tho nomination of General
Grant should attempt to hold their position within
their party in order that their iufluence may be
used to defeat his nomination. I know very well
that his nomination will not bo defeated; at least
that is my solemn conviction; that he is now dic-
tator in the Republican party; that ho aspires to
bo in tho country at large/'
Mr. MORTON. In this speech the Sen-
ator says that it is natural that those who are
trying to defeat the President's nomination
should stay inside the Kepublican party for
that purpose. He then goes on to say that
he believes Grant will be renominated, just
what everybody else believes; but he seems
to intimate that the gentlemen whom he
has in his mind are staying for the time
being inside of tho Republican party for a
purpose. Now, if the Senator from Missouri
wants to leave the Republican party, he has a
right to do it, much as I and the rest of us
would regret it—a legal, a moral, and a polit-
ical right to do it. Nobody questions that.
But when he does do it, he ought to do it
openly and above board. He has no right to
remain inside of tho party for the purpose
indicated by his colleague in that speech, that
he might the better succeed in defeating the
nomination or the election of the President
of the United States.
Mr.SCHUKZ. Will the Senator permit me?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. SCHCJRZ. I must interrupt that argu-
ment on the sale question once more.
Mr. MORTON. That is right.
Mr. SCHURZ. I would merely ask, as we
may conclude from the Senator's last remark
that those who are not in favor of the renom-
ination of General' Grant have no business in
the Republican party, whether he really means
what he says?
Mr. MORTON. No, sir, I never intimated
that. I thank the Senator for the word. I
never intimated that. Those who are opposed
to the nomination of President Grant have a
right to manifest it, and have a right to express
it; but if they love the party and its princi-
ples more than they do personal hatreds or
personal preferences, when once the nomina-
tion^ made they will submit to it; but if they
say in advance "If the Republican party shall
nominate the man that everybody believes
it will nominate, I will not support him," it
occurs to me that then the position of that man
becomes somewhat uncertain in the Republican
party.
But, as I said the other day, the Missouri
movement or the "Cincinnati movement is not
aimed at General Grant alone, it is aimed at
the Republican party. The Cincinnati con-
vention was called to nominate—the speech
of Gratz Brown shows that it is a convention
called to nominate a, ticket, and to put it in
the field. It was/called to meet before the
regular Republican convention, called for a
purpose. It was called upon a platform essen-
tially anti-Republican and essentially Dem-
ocratic, proven by the subsequent adoption
of the same platform by the Connecticut Dem-
ocracy, as radical and as virulent a Democ-
racy as there is in the United States, at least
in the North.
But now I want the concluding passage of
that speech read. Will the Secretary read a
few lines further from where he stopped ? I
think I stopped him a little too soon.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" X know very well that his nomination will not
be defeated ; at least that is my solemn conviction ;
that he is now dictator in the Kepublican party, that
he aspires to be in the country at large. I believe
that he will dictate his own nomination; but then,
my feliow-citizens, I know that some of the most
conscientious, able, and courageous men who stand
highest in the Radical party will leave the Kepub-
lican party when Grant is nominated."
Mr. MORTON. It will be shown by a sub-
sequent passage that he was speaking for his
colleague then. How many others he was
speaking for I do not know; that remains to
appear ; but he assumes to speak for a number
of leading Republicans who will leave the party
when General Grant is nominated. Now, I
ask the Secretary to read the concluding pas-
sage which I have marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"They know the subtle manner in which tyranny
will make its approach, and already recognizing it,
the leading man, the ablest representative of our
adopted citizens, is now proclaiming his hostility to
Grant and his Administration ; declaring in the face
of the world that ho has taken his departure and
burned his ships, l'do not believe that any will fail
to recognize the description. I speak of my col-
loague m the Senate, Carl Schurz. He it was, my
fellow-citizens, who led the entire German element
of the State of Missouri to break down the disfran-
chising clause ol' our constitution, and arrayed his
fellow-countrymen as one man against the Admin-
istration, and to despise the officers of Grant, de-
spising thepatronage and power, resolved to preserve
that free love which America had given to him and to
his countrymen. Now, my fellow-citizens. the Ger-
mans in Missouri, although Republicans almost to
a man, have always voted against disfranchising
those who were opposed to them during the war.
They need no instruction on that point from any-
body, and they resolutely maintained the doctrine
that neithor Congress nor tlie States could by a bill
of attainder deprive them of the rights of suffrage.
I'hey maintained that position in the last contest
through which wo passed in Missouri. They held
it good against the blandishments and threats of the
Administration. They stand fairly and squarely to-
day, solidly to the lastman, against all disfranchise-
ment anil for universal amnesty. They are opposed
to this Ku Klux legislation [loud applause] against
tho suspension of the writ ot habeas corpus / and, in
my judgment, if aman is presented as the candidate
ol tho Democratic party, if the Democratic party
will now, instead of adopting any 'new departures,'
put forward a man, or accept one put forward by
others, who is sound upon these principles, he will
receive the support of the entire German vote in tho
United States, numbering, as I have been informed,
irom five hundred to eight hundred thousand men/'
_ Mr. MORTON. I simply desire to call atten-
tion to the fact that in this speech the Senator
from Missouri again pledges the five hundred
or_ eight hundred thousand German voters to
this "new departure," to this coalition with
the Democracy, and says that his colleague
has left the Administration, has burned his
ships behind him, intimating that he has sep-
arated himself irrevocably from the Repub-
lican party.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. With the con-
sent of the Senator from Indiana, I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
.Mr. TRUMBULL. Unless there is some-
thing special in executive session, I move that
the Senate adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion
has priority.
The motion was agreed to; and {at four
o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
- HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 20,1872.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D., Chaplain of
the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday .was partly read,
when.
Mr. McGREW moved to dispense with the
further reading of the Journal.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to.
exports to mexico.
Mr. SYPHER. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce and have passed a bill which has
been recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury and agreed to by the Committee on
Commerce of this House. It is entitled "A
bill to amend section two of the act of August
30, 1852, in relation to the transportation and
exportation of goods, wares, and merchandise
in bond through certain ports in the State of
The bill was read for information. It pro-
vides that section two of the act of August 30,
1852, entitled "An act authorizing imported
goods, wares, and merchandise entered and
bonded for warehousing in pursuance of law,
to be exported by certain routes to ports and
places in Mexico," be so amended that im-
ported merchandise duly entered and bonded
at a port of the United States and withdrawn
from warehouse in accordance with existing
law, for exportation for San Fernando, Paso
del Norte, and Chihuahua, in Mexico, shall
pass through Indianola, the port of entry for
the district of Saluria, in the State of Texas,
and not through the port of Lavaca, in said
district, as required by said section.
Mr. DAWES. What is the purpose in hav-
ing this bill read ?
Mr. SYPHER. I will make an explana-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Sypher] asks that the bill
may be considered now.
Mr. DAWES. Is it before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. DAWES. Then I object to its consid-
eration at the present time.
part owners of vessels,
Mr. LYNCH. I ask that the House, by
unanimous consent, consider and pass at the
present time a bill (H. R. No. 1213) defining
the rights of part owners of vessels in certain
cases.
_ The bill was read for information. It pro-
vides that any person or persons or body cor-
porate having more than one half ownership
of any vessel, shall have the same power to
remove a captain who is also a part owner of
such vessel, as such majority owners now have
to remove a captain not an owner. But this
act is not to apply where there is a valid writ-
ten agreement subsisting by virtue of which
such captain would be entitled to possession,
nor in any case where a captain has possession
as part owner, obtained before the passage of
this act.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to state that this is
bill which was introduced by my colleague,
[Mr. Peters,] and referred to the Committee
on Commerce, by which committee I have
been unanimously instructed to report it and
ask its passage. It provides simply that the
owners of a vessel may have, the control of
the vessel so far as the captain is concerned,
the captain being a part owner. Under our
present laws the owner of one sixteenth part
of a vessel may when he is in charge as mas-
ter 
Mr. WOOD. Is this bill before the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Maine [_Mr. Lynch] is making a statement
after which the Chair will- ask for objections
to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. LYNCH. I only want a minute or two
