2080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
all, as I think. The motion is to strike out
of the amendment the two lines as to tea and
coffe©
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
again state the question to the Senate if there
be 110 objection, though the roll-call has com-
menced. The Senator from Maine moves to
strikeout the first section of this bill, which
is the House bill abolishing tea and coffee,
with the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, fixing the 1st of July for its oper-
ation, and to insert in its stead the first section
of the Finance Committee's report, excluding
the three lines in regard to rice and the three
paragraphs in regard to iron-wire cloth.
Pending that motion to strike out and insert,
the Senator from Vermont moves to amend
the section proposed -to be inserted as part
of the motion of the Senator from Maine, by
striking from it tea and coffee.
Mr. STEWART. Leaving tea and coffee
on the free list. ["No!" "No!"]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Leaving them
untouched until some further motion shall be
made in regard to them.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Suppose I should vote
"yea," what effect would it have on tea and
coffee?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It would not have any
effect until we get through.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The next ques-
tion would be on inserting the first section of
the Finance Committee's report, without any
allusion to tea and coffee, in place of the sec-
tion which abolishes the duties on tea and
coffee.
Mr. CONKLING. But in the mean time tea
and coffee would go out because they would
have been stricken out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If we are to debate this
subject, I should like to be heard myself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to debate
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is certainly
irregular.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator from
Illinois will stick to his objection.
The VICE PRESIDES i\ The Chair only
answered the question of the Senator from
California, as there seemed to be a misunder-
standing.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to debate dur-
ing the call of the roll.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. I merely desire
to ask a question of the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
not entertain it. The roll-call must be con-
tinued.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Can I not
ask a question of the Chair?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not during the
roll-call, unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. ANTHONY. Nobody will object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not object to the
Senator asking a question of the Chair.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, I merely de-
sire to ask whether, if I vote for this measure
so as to make tea and coffee free, -I shall be at
liberty afterward, to some extent, to have a
vote relative to relievingthe people from inter-
nal revenue taxes?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to debate.
'Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The question
of the Senator from Vermont is not a parlia-
mentary question.
The Secretary continued and concluded the
call of the roll on Mr. Edmcnds's amendment
to the amendment; and the result was an-
nounced—yeas 13, nays 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Caldwell, Clayton, Cole,
Cooper, Corbett, Edmunds, Kellogg, Osboin, Porn-
oroy. Sawyer, Scott, and Viokero —13.
A AYS—Messrs. Alcorn. Ames. Jilair, Boreman,
Buckingham, Carpenter. O.isserly, Chandler, Conk-
lin^, Cragui, Davis ol West Virgima, denton, Ferry
of Michigan, i'rehngbuysen, Griiberr, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of'Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill,
Howe, Morrill ot Maine, Morrill ot Vermont, Mor-
ton, Norwood, Patterson, Ramsey, Kice, Robertson,
Schurz, Sherman, Sprague, Stevenson, Stewart,
Stockton, Trumbull, West, Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—40.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Cameron,
Davis ot' Kentucky, jb'erry of Connecticut, FJana-
agan. Goldthwaite, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly,
Lewis,Logan,Nye, Pool. Pratt, Saulsbury,Spencer,
Surnner,Thurman, and Tipton—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. MORTON. I changed my vote on the
last call with a view of moving a reconsider-
ation of the vote, but before doing that I will
aek a question. If the amendment of the
Senator from Maine should be adopted as a
substitute for the first section of the bill, will
it be in order after that to move to amend
that substitute?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It certainly will
not be, except after a reconsideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can add to it, I
think.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannot strike out
the ten cents on" tea and coffee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But we could add to
the amendment. We could add other things.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is another matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that could be done.
Mr. MORTON. But, as I understand, if we
now adopt the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Maine we shall have put tea and
coffee back to the dutiable list with ten cents a
pound on tea and two cents on coffee, and it
will be beyond the reach of amendment.
Therefore, in order to preserve tea and coffee
free, I voted for the motion of the Senator from
Vermont at first to strike out tea and coffee
entirely from this proposed substitute, and then
we can insert "tea and coffee free; " and then
if we adopt the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Maine, it leaves the bill just as it is
now in regard to tea and coffee.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator can do the
same thing by voting down the amendment of
the Senator from Maine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana moves to reconsider the vote
rejecting the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment of the Senator
from Maine.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think any
debate or want of debate can mislead any-
body now as to the effect of this vote, and I
wish to see whether I am mistaken about "it
myself. We all understand that if the Sen-
ator from Maine and the Senator from Ver-
mont, cooperating for this purpose, can suc-
ceed in getting tea and coffee out of the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Maine, then they can bring to bear as many
votes as they can combine upon the residue
of this amendment, upon lumber, upon salt,
and so on; and the Senator from Indiana is
too sharp to leave me in any doubt as to his
purpose. He wishes to reconsider this vote ;
he wishes to get tea and coffee out of this
amendment, so that those who want free tea
and coffee will not vote against it; and they
want to help my friend from South Carolina
to get out rice; and when they have taken out
those things which are popular here and put
them on the free list, then they want the Sen-
ate to vote on the residue of this amendment.
In other words, they want to hit salt and
lumber and the different things which will
then be embraced in the amendment.
That is what is the matter, and that is the
effect of""this vote now, as the Senator from
Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] says. The purpose
has been accomplished which is entertained
by a majority of Use Senate. What is that?
To leave tea and coffee free and to get a fair
opportunity to vote those who want to vote
against the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, which is to put a tax of ten cents on
one of these articles, tea, and two cents on
coffee, and to impose a diminished tariff upon
lumber, upon salt, coal, and so on:
Now, for myself, I want to vote against the
amendment of the Senator from Maine. I
want to leave tea and coffee free as they are
now, as they have been left by the vote which
the Senator from Indiana moves to recon-
sider. There tea and coffee are left. Now,
let the Senator from Maine try the sense of
the Senate upon his amendment with as many
things as he has in it, and if he fails, then he
or some other Senator can try any oue or two
of those things, if he chooses; but 1 think
now the purpose of the Senate has been ex-
pressed to vote as a whole upon the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine, and not give
special advantages by entertaining or sustain-
ing special motions.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, I move in lines
twelve and thirteen 
Mr. MORTON. Is there not a motion
pending?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is; the
motion to reconsider is pending.
Mr. COLE.. I announce my purpose to
move to put rice at half the present rate of
duty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not in order now.
Mr. President, the Senator from New York
is entirely mistaken in imputing to me any
desire to embarrass salt or any other of the
things that are contained in this amendment
of the Senator from Maine; but frankness
does compel me to state to him that I think it
would be an outrage upon the business interests
of this country to take the last half of this tariff
bill as reported by the Committee on Finance
and adopt that and reject this first half. It
would be an act of gross injustice and inequal-
ity which would produce, in my judgment, a
just resentment in the producers and laborers
and manufacturers of this country, and every-
body who pays taxes, against that method of
legislation.
I therefore wish to see this bill (if we are to
go on in this way, and the Senate seems dis-
posed to do it,) made as perfect as possible,
by embracing in this revision of the tariff all
those objects which tariffs usually cover, and
which the Finance Committee, by their care-
fully prepared bill, have undertaken to cover,
with such special exceptions as special rea-
sons and special facts may lead us to make—
salt may be one; I do not say howl shall vote
as to salt when that question is presented sep-
arate and alone, as it may be by an amend-
ment of my honorable friend. I have voted
in favor of putting salt on the free list, I
believe with ail the others, because I thought,
and I considered it a just and parliamentary
course, that if we were to load down this free
list by a great many things, the Senate would
■see the impropriety of doing anything but
simply passing the tea and coffee bill alone,
as the House had passed it, and then proceed
when an additional bill comes troin the House,
as they choose to send tiiem in that way—when
a taiiff bill instead of a free bill comes lrom the
House, to amend that.
That was my motive, and I am sure my
friend will appreciate it. Therefore I do not
by any means say that when he may move to
amend this bill by striking out salt, I may not
vote with him. If I am satisfied from discus-
sion that salt ought to be left at the present
standard, I shall certainly vote so.
Mr. CONKLING. May I make a sugges-
tion to the Senator?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly. .
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator makes an
argument which I do not wish to answer now,
but I desire to suggest, to him that it rests very
largely upon the lact that this section when
reported from the Committee on Finance
contained tea and coffee ay a subject of rev-
enue. Now, the Senate having declared its
intention to omit tea and coffee, to place them
upon the free list, and thus having taken out
516,500,000, I submit to the Senator that the
argument and the reason no longer remain;
