238
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
the use of all hostile and warlike measures
against rightful authority. They organized
armies and forced the people to choose between
loyalty and rebellion, and to fight for the pres-
ervation of the Government or for its dissolu-
tion.
Their guilt is found in the sorrow and grief
of every loyal heart, and in the untold agony
of many a family circle. It is felt in the ex-
penditure of more than $5,000,000,000, one
half of which now hangs over u  as a debt, bur-
dening our industry and checking our pros-
perity. It is written in years of war and
blood, during which time more than two mil-
lions of our best young men. the life and hope
of the nation, were ealled from the paths of
peace to fields of battle. Their guilt is still
more clearly seen in the fact that nearly three
hundred thousand of these men were sent by
sickness, by ball and sword, and by starvation,
to premature graves.
The rebellion was not a rebellion against
oppression and tyranny to secure personal
rights and immunities, but it was a causeless
resistance to the execution of laws which com-
bined the opinions of a majority of our fellow-
citizens who alone wield the power of the
Government. It was a rebellion against the
sovereignty of the Government, in which the
rebels themselves were not only equal copart-
ners, but were active, leading directors, and
under which they were secured in all the rights
which the sovereign power secured to the most
favored and distinguished citizen. But the
crime was more than rebellion: it was treason.
Webster says "treason is the offense of at-
tempting to overthrow the Government of the
State to which the offender owes allegiance."
The rebels owed allegiance to the national
Government, and made that attempt. The
New York code defines treason as levying war
against the people of the State within the
State, or a combination of two or more per-
sons by force to usurp the government of the
State or to overthrow the same, evidenced by
a forcible attempt made within the State to
accomplish that purpose.
The rebels combined within the United States
and attempted to overthrow the national Gov-
ernment by force. The constitution of Con-
necticut says treason against the State shall
consist only in levying war against it or adher-
ing to its enemies, giving them aid and comfort.
The Constitution of the United States declares
that "treason against the United States shall
consist only in leving war against them." The
act of Congress passed in 1790 declares—
"That if any person or persons owing allegiance
to the United States of America shall levy war
against them, or shall adhere to their enemies, giv-
ing them aid and comfort within the United States
or elsewhere, ajid shall be convicted on confession in
open court, or on the testimony of two witnesses to
the same overt act of the treason whereof he or they
shall stand indicted, such person or persons shall
stand adjudged guilty of treason against the United
States?"
No language can more perfectly describe an
aet-after it has been committed than the stat-
ute defines the acts of the rebels before they
were conceived by them. They owed alle-
giance to the United States of America. They
adhered to the enemies of the United States
andgave them aid and comfort: yea, they them-
selves were the enemies.
The proof is found in establishing other
governments within the jurisdiction of this,
in their armies marshaled for our overthrow,
and in their prisons, where Union men were
incarcerated and purposely rendered power-
less for loyal duty by starvation. A great
cloud of witnesses, sixteen thousand strong,
might be summoned from their graves within
sight of this C'tpirol, and three hundred thou-
sand more from every battle ground and from
every national cemetery, whose mute lips and
pulseless hearts would testify that they were
slain by treason. But more than this. The
rebels make confession before the open court
of the civilized world to acts the guilt of which
they tone down by the name of secession, but
which the Constitution and laws define to be
treason.
Treason is no trivial offense. It is not the
slandering of a king, in whose person is em-
bodied the sovereignty of a monarchy. It is
not the utterance tof political opinions adverse
and hostile to the Government. No; the lan-
guage of the Constitution was used for the
purpose of limiting the crime to positive, fla-
grant acts of war against the State, and when
the framers of that instrument inserted therein
the words, "treason shall consist only in levy-
ing war." they intended to restrict the mean-
ing of the word "treason" to a violation of
the duty of allegiance, and yet with that lim-
itation they knew that it embraced embarrass-
ment to business, obstruction to commerce,
resistance to the execution of law, a violation
of private rights, encroachment upon the priv-
ileges and immunities of the citizen, confisca-
tion of property, robbery, arson, murder, and
war, war against the life of the nation. This
is treason. Is there any crime against Gov-
ernment like unto this crime?
What does it deserve? From testimony
recently taken by congressional authority we
have evidence that the oath which binds the
Ka Klux to deeds of blood recognizes death
as the penalty justly due to one who proves a
traitor to their cause. Our own statutes de-
clare that persons adjudged guilty thereof
shall suffer death, and demand the penalty.
The safety and highest interests of the people
demand it: yea more, as the traitor himself
pursues his business or his pleasure, his own
conscience lifts up its voice in unison with these
claims,and, likean omnipotent accuser, follows
him into every public assembly, and into the
secrecy of private retirement when he rises in
the light and when in darkness he lays his
head upon his pillow, and demands his life.
But no life has been taken and no pen-
alty inflicted. You arrest, try, convict, and im-
prison a defaulting paymaster who in every
other respect has been a law-abiding citizen,
and you do right; but you let the traitor go
unwhipt of justice. Why is this ? Is theft a
greater crime than treason? Is a violation of
the law of honesty a greater offense than the
violation of a law enacted to preserve national
life? Can we afford to enforce the inexorable
demands of law against the lesser criminal,
and restore the forfeited rights of the greater
criminal? Law requires obedience from all.
It recognizes no right in any subject, however
patriotic or wise, to question its authority. Do
you not remember when, in the chief city of
New England, Anthony Burns was brought be-
fore a court which was sworn to give a decis-
ion according to the requirements of law, and
when, under a solemn deereeof that tribunal,
he was torn from that judgment seat, and
in the presence of tens of thousands who filled
every archway of that temple of justice, and
who thronged the public highways, whose hearts
burned with the fire of liberty and who knew
that the decree was in violation of the inalien-
able rights of man and against the enlightened
conscience of that entire multitude, was
bound and led as with a halter through a long
file of armed soldiery and remanded to per
petual slavery? That was obedience to the
inexorable demands of law.
What a scene! What a sublime spectacle!
It was the wonder and admiration of the civ-
ilized world. A great people, in the very birth-
place of American liberty, conscious of their
power, panting, thirsting, holding in cheek
their passion tor liberty under the unmistak-
able conviction that liberty could be secured
only under law. It was obedience under the
conviction that law which made such demands
for slavery would in the end be omnipotent
for liberty. But our laws against treason have
not been vindicated by obedience.
But law need not fail of accomplishing its
benevolent purposes because some disregard
its requirements and violate its provisions.
Law is not persuasive, but positive; it is
firm, rigid, and unyielding Law knows no
mercy; if it fails of securing obedience it
exacts penalty, and that > suction can never
cease without "a sacrifice which shall vindicate
the law and magnify the authority of the sov-
ereign. or without hazard to the Government.
Injunctions declaring "thou shalt" and ''thou
shalt not" may be promulgated by executive
authority ainid thunderings and lightnings as
they were upon the Mount; yet if they are not,
sanctioned by penalty they are not law, am!
will be as powerless to influence men to obe
dience as are truth and virtue to persuade
from vice and crime. Our laws against trea-on
are sanctioned by penalty. They have been
violated and demand the penalty. But thus
far our Government has refused to listen to
this demand, and has virtually declared that a
violation of the law of treason is a less evil
than the infliction of penalty. 1 a-k if there
is not danger when a Government bears «uch
testimony against its own authority ?
Socrates, whom Phaedon pronounced the
wisest and most just of men, declared that
neither God nor man dare say that the wrong-
doer shall not. suffer punishment. A higher
law declares that " the soul that sinneth. it
shall die." A violation of just and righteous
laws must of necessity be followed by evil
consequences to the transgressor, and I verity
believe that there is no government, either on
earth or in heaven, either human or divine,
(I speak with reverence.) which can long exist
without the exercise of a power which shall
vindicate its authority by inflicting some pen-
alty upon those who violate its laws. Order
is Heaven's first law. Governments are organ-
ized to preserve order, but if law is not vindi-
cated there is no foundation upon which they
can build perpetual order.
But instead of vindicating the iaw against
treason the President of the United States ren-
dered it null and void. On the 20th day of
December, 1869, that officer issued a procla-
mation by which, without either repentance
or atonement, he declared full pardon and
amnesty for the offense of treason committed
during the late civil war. with the lestoration
of all rights, privileges, and immunities for-
feited by treason. This was his way of making
treason odious. What now remains ? By the
fourteenth artiele of the Constitution several
classesof persons are prohibited from holding
'certain offices unless Congress by a two-thirds
vote shall remove the prohibition. This is the
only distinction which our laws now make
between the friends of the Government and
traitors. It should not be blotted out. Our
Government, is now imperiled by pardons
already granted and by efforts to extend them
so far that the power of law may be impaired
and the authority of the Government destroyed
Whether we shall escape the danger is a prob-
lem not yet solved.
Where crime has been wide-spread, ar.d
where nearly tbe whole people have aided arid
abetted the leaders to such an extent as to
become participators in their crime, there may
be an honest difference of opinion respecting
the number upon whom penalty should be in-
flicted. When the military power of the rebel-
lion was overcome and the guilty were held
in legal custody we should, in my judgment,
have tried, convicted, and executed him who
stood upon the highest round of the ladder of
infamy, and then, descending, taken the next
highest in guilt, and, if necessary, the next,
utitil the sovereign voice of the people should
have declared that justice was satisfied, and the
authority and majesty of the Government, sus-
tained. Had this been done, penalty would
have fallen only upon the heads of a few lead-
ing traitors: treason would have been con-
demned, the demands of violated law would
have been secured, and, without hazard to the
Republic, the door would now be open for the
restoration of every forfeited right. But it is
now too late to magnify the claims of the law
by inflicting punishment. Xow we find em-
