2926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
matterdisposed of to-day. Although I am con-
vinced of the great importance of the subject, I
know that many of the standing committees
are ready to report, and I would not hold the
morning hour to the exclusion of others. I
am instructed hy the Committee on Agriculture
to accept the amendment of the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sargent,] which I be-
lieve takes away the principal objections sub-
mitted to this bill. I am also instructed by the
committee to move to amend the thirteenth
line of the bill by striking out 4ktwo acres of
land" and inserting a one acre of land." This
is for the purpose of diminishing the only
thing resembling a penalty contained in any
section of the bill, and making it still milder.
All the other sections of the bill are bounties.
I would say in brief that any objection to the
bill will be, not that it grants too much, but
too little. This is an initiative and tentative
measure.
There is also an amendment in line six,
section two, to strike out "the proceedings"
and insert "such proceedings."
I do not desire myself, unless it should be
absolutely necessary, to say anything more
upon this bill, and I desire to call the previous
question now, and to leave the matter open to
debate during my closing hour. I do not
think, from the number of gentlemen who
have spoken to me on the subject, that it will
take more than half an hour to close the de-
bate, and then I hope it will go to the Senate
and be considered there this session, or the
next; but I want an authoritative decision of
the House of Representatives, as the matter
has been brought to the attention of the pub-
lic. It it will not be considered indelicate,
before I sit down I wish to have read a letter
from the Commissioner of Agriculture, in
■which he, as many of the newspapers have
done, shows his appreciation of the import-
ance of this action at this time.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Dkpartmknt or Agriculture,
Washington, i). (J., April 27,1872.
Dkar Sir : Tho time is ootiling, if it has not already
arrived, when the country will gratelully thank you
for the facts anil figures by which you have so ably
pointed to their inteiests in tho necessity of pre-
serving and propagating the forests of America.
The ahirm which you have shown, other and older
countries now experience from their early neglect of
their lorcsl lands. Thecauses of that alarm, in their
threatened loss of fountains and streams, as well as
health, supplemented by the startling figures which
sum up our daily consumption of wood, are facts
which you have so tersely and distinctly stated and
voribed by authority as that they must command
tho attention ot every man who has a mind capable
of expansion beyond the length of his own arm, to
enable him to fool tho importance of preserving the
iorests while it is yet in our power to do so.
1 have the honor to be, very lespectfully, your
obedient servant,
FREDIC WATTS.
Commissioner of Agriculture.
Hon. Richard J. IIaldeman.
Mr. HALDEMAN, I now ask the previous
question.
The previous question wag seconded and'the
main question ordered.
The question was first upon the amendment
of Mr. Sargext, to add to the first section the
following proviso:
Provided, That this act shall not apply to mineral
lands or to lands conveyed under town-site laws, or
to lands granted for rightsof way to railroad or other
road companies, or to lands that may be devoted to
commercial purposes, or on which cities, towns, or
manufacturing establishments may be erected, and
no forfeiture shall accrue from the lands so dedicated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Lowe, to strike out the first and second
sections of the bill.
The sections proposed to be stricken out, as
amended, were read, and are as follows:
Be if enacted by the Senate artd House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That every grant of the public lands of
the United States, now or hereafter surveyed, shall
be upon the express condition that the grantee or
grantees, his, her, or their heirs, executors, and
assigns, shall keep and preserve at least ten per
cent, of the ntimberof acres thus granted in timber
trees, if so much thereof then be in timber at the
date of such grant, which shall not thereafter be
cut down or destroyed to an extent which shall re-
duce the quantity of timber laud upon such grant
below the percentage above named, unless, at the
time of such cutting, or previous thereto, there shall
have been planted one acre of land with timber
trees for each acre so cut; and such conditions shall
be expressed in the body of the patent or other in-
strument by which the title ot the United States is
conveyed to such grantee: Provided, That this act
shall not apply to mineral lands, or to lands con-
veyed under town-site laws, or to lands granted
for rights of way to railroad or other road compa-
nies, or to lands that may be devoted to commercial
purposes, or on which cities, towns, or manufactur-
ing establishments may be erected, and no forfeiture
shall accrue for the lands so dedicated.
Sec. 2. That if the grantee, or any party claiming
thereunder, shall willfully violate the conditions
named in the preceding section, suell violation shall
work a forfeiture to the United States of the land
so granted, and it shall be tile dut of such an officer
may be designated by the Secretary of the Interior
to cause such proceedings to be brought when it may
be necessary to enforce such forfeiture.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to ask the gentleman
who reported this bill if the striking out of
these two sections will not take away the merit
of the bill entirely?
Mr. HALDEMAN. It will take away what
I consider very important indeed. I had no
objection to the amendment of the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sargent,] butl do hope
that these sec!ions will not be stricken out.
Mr. BANKS. The proposition is to strike
out the sections as amended by the gentleman
from California.
'1 he SPEAKER. If the House shoulcl now
strike out the first and second sections, of
course the amendment, of the gentleman from
California would go with them.
Mr. LOWE. Allow me to say to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] that
the first two sections of this bill provide for a
forfeiture of the entire estate if a certain
amount of it is not kept perpetually in timber.
The remainder of the bill offers a premium or
inducement to purchasers of the public land
to keep a portion of it in timber.
Mr, BANKS. That is exactly the point to
which 1 wish to call the attention of the
House.
Mr, LOWE. And the striking out of the
first two sections does not impair the remain-
der of the bill, which offers an inducement for
the preservation of or planting of trees.
Mr. SARGENT. I have proposed a proviso
that the provisions of this bill shall not apply
to mineral land, to land selected under the
town site laws, or to land upon which may be
established towns and cities, manufacturing
establishments, or any work inconsistent with
thecontinuanceoftreesuponit; as, for instance,
the mere right of way to a railroad or a
canal, &c.
M-r. BANKS. I desire to call the attention
of the House to this fact, that this bill con-
tains two propositions. One is a provision to
prevent settlers upon the public lands or gran-
tees to whom we give lands from cutting off
the forest trees upon them. The second is a
provision to give encouragement to people to
plant trees and to reestablish forests. The
proposition to strike out the first provision is
made by the gentleman from Kansas, [Mr.
Lowe.] Now, what is the use of passing a
bill to encourage the planting of trees upon
lands that are now naked of trees, if at the
same time we authorize, at least indircctly,
settlers to whom we give lands to strip them
entirely of trees and forests? How can the
House consent to pass a bill to encourage the
planting or replanting of timber, when by the
same hill, impliedly at least, we authorize the
grantees of land given by the United States to
take the timber off?
This is one of the most important meas-
ures that can be presented for the consider-
ation of the House. In New England, in
the middle States, the climate is affected, the
supply of water in the cities and towns is
affected in consequence of the people having
almost entirely stripped the earth of its forests.
The people in their most common necessities
are inconvenienced and injured by that fact,
and this bill simply proposes that in the set-
tlement, of new regions of country where we
give the lauds to settlers without price, orgrant
them to railway corporations, a stipulation
shall be made which is for the benefit of those
settlers as much as for the people of the rest
of the country; that they shall leave the trees
on one tenth of the land given them.
llr. LOWE. And that is to be perpetual.
Mr. BANKS; I understood the gentleman
in charge of this bill [Mr. Haldeman] to say
that the reservation was limited to a period
of some five years. It is just as much for the
benefit of cities and towns established in these
new Territories as it is for any other portion of
the country.
Mr. SARGENT. There is no limit in the
bill as to the time, and it is to apply to every
acre of land now granted or hereafter to be
granted.
Mr. BANKS. That limitation ought to be
made.
Mr. SARGENT. That may be.
Mr. BANKS. I understood from the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Haldeman]
that there was such a limitation.
Mr. HALDEMAN. It was suggested to
have the provision read " violating the condi-
tions of the preceding section within five
years,'' but that was accidentally omitted.
Mr. BANKS. The idea I y want to present
to the House is that these lands are stripped
of their timber by every sort of encourage-
ment on the part of Congress and the Gov-
ernment. The people seem to entertain the
belief that trees are an evil, and that the
sooner they are removed the better. That is
an error that pervades all countries. Italy,
Germany, Prance, and Spain have been
stripped of their trees in this way, and it has
cost millions and millions to replace those
trees. They have found that the springs of
the country have dried up, the climate has
become arid, the soil has become unfertile
in consequence of the stripping of the land
of its timber.
And I have heard it argued here within the
past three or four years that the lands belong-
ing to the Government were of no consequence
because they were covered with trees. Gen-
tlemen have spoken as if it was the greatest
calamity that could befall the United States to
acquire land with the best timber in the world
upon it. Such ideas have gone out from Con-
gress and pervade the common mind, until it
has almost become so that whenever a man
sees a tree that does not pay him interest or a
subsidy in some way he wants to cut it down.
I remember an instance in my own town,
where a majestic oak stood before the school-
house, and many of the people desired to have
it preserved. They said to one of the fathers
of the town, " Whatshallwedoabout this great
oakwhich standsm front of the school-house?"
"Why," said he, "there is no trouble about
that; you can girdle it, and then it will die."
The only idea that possessed him was that the
thing to be done was to get rid of that tree;
his object was to circumvent, by girdling and
killing the tree, the public wish that wanted to
preserve it. That is the idea which to a great
extent pervades our people.
Now, the effect of this bill will be to callthe
attention of the country to the necessity of pre-
serving the trees and the forests, and to the
beneficial effects which their preservation exer-
cises upon the climate, and the fertility of the
soil, and the general advancement of the public
convenience and welfare.
I hope the House will not strike out the first
section, for it would be a monstrous absurdity
to pass a bill with the design of encouraging
the planting of trees, and in the same measure
to provide that settlers or railroad companies
to whom we may give lands shall be permitted
without any penalty to cut off the trees upon
the lands which we give them.
Mr. MAYNARD. The views of the gen*1
