186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Ho. of Reps.
Protection to American Industry—Mr. Hill.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
to American industries. I have presented two
petitions from that city signed by over three
thousand of her citizens, asking that the pres-
ent duty on silk and other industries be not
reduced.
There are several very great inconsistencies
in the present tariff, which ought to be rectified
and the duties equalized. For instance, the
duty on gray yarn is sixty per cent. ; colored
thread, which is made from this gray yarn,
with an increased value of the thread over the
gray yarn, is admitted at the same duty as the
said gray yarn. Ribbon made from this gray
yarn, which has been increased in value also,
pays only thirty-five per cent. duty. The same
material has to pay sixty per cent, duty, and
the goods manufactured from it have to pay
but thirty-five per cent. The absurdity of such
a law is apparent, the discrimination is unjust
to a large industry striving to attain success.
The duty on the manufactured article should
be increased to sixty per cent., the same as
cotton yarn, then our manufacturers could
compete with foreign goods of this descrip-
tion.
There are many small manufacturers who
are unable to utilize the skill which they have
attained in foreign countries, simply because
of the discrimination in duties between cotton
yarn and the manufactured goods, as stated.
In another instance the duty on cotton yarn
will average forty-four and a half per cent.,
and the value of the whole importation for
last year was $1,685,163. The duty on small
wares, hosiery, clothing, goods not specified
and made from these yarns, is thirty five per
cent. In other words, ten per cent, preven-
tion, and the amount imported last year was :
Of bindings, braids, trimmings, 4c  $3,671,710
Hoisery  5,062,081
Clothing  1,018,735
Other goods not specified  3,674,206
Making a total of- $13,426,782
Of goods on which the duty is thirty-five per
cent., and the yarn from which they are made
will average forty-four and a half per cent.
The whole remaining import of cotton goods,
sheetings, printed goods, jeans, and dress
goods, amounts to only $10,276,804; but these
are protected by an average duty of forty-
four and a third per cent. Over $8,000,000
worth of small wares, including hosiery,
were-imported last year, on which the duty is
only thirty-five per cent. The duty should be
at least fifty per cent, on these small articles.
There is no class so much in need of light labor
as the children and females of the working-
man's family living in our large cities and
towns, and these articles are mostly made by
persons who are able to run a few hand-looms
and other machinery for the manufacture of
these small wares. Germany now supplies
the world with most of these goods; formerly
a large portion came from London ; but since
the free-trade element has become so strong
in England I am informed the poor people
of London have matches as almost their only
source of labor for a manufacturing industry.
I hope the great inconsistency in duty on small
wares will be remedied by an increase of duty
on all articles of cotton goods now paying
thirty-'five to fifty per cent. This done there
would be a greater importation of yarns, and
the revenue would not be very much dimin-
ished, and in the end the goods would be much
cheaper to the consumers, besides giving work
to thousands of our own people, and bring joy
and gladness to many households.
Then, again, there is flax. The duty now on
raw flax is forty dollars a ton, when it is stated
to me on very reliable authority that a fine qual-
ity of flax, such as is used for fine work, such
as shoe thread and tailors' thread, cannot be
raised in this country. Visiting last summer
a large flax mill in my district I was informed
that there was not a pound of American flax
in the mill, simply because they could not buy
it of quality good enough for the work they
were doing; and a letter from the same mill a
few days ago states, " since you were here no
American flax has been used, and it remains
unlikely that any will be used." The duty
paid on imported flax l>y this company
amounted last year to $20,000 gold, yet not
a pound of this flax can be grown in America
of quality equal in grade to what we imported,
owing to climate being dry. This duty is
merely a premium to the foreign manufacturer
and a discouragement to home industry.
Were the duty taken off it is certain that
fine tailors' thread would be added to our
manufactures. This article has always been
imported. Nature forbids the growth of fine
flax in the United States.
The Barbour Flax-Spinning Company, in
Paterson, New Jersey, are extensive manufac-
turers of flax into shoe threads, and also of
flax twines. They employ in the shoe-thread
mill, three hundred hands; twine-mill, sev-
enty-five hands. The shoe-thread mill has
been in operation five years, and the twine-
mill one year. Average wages, five dollars a
week for girls ; for full-grown women, six to
nine dollars. Flax used daily for shoe-threads,
four thousand pounds. The duty on flax is
two cents per pound, which amounts to eighty
dollars daily. The amount of capital invested,
$500,000. This company are large importers
of tailors' threads, made in their Irish mills.
This duty is merely a premium to the foreign
manufacturer, and a corresponding discour-
agement to American industry. Were it re-
moved, the manufacture of shoe threads would
be much increased, and that of tailors' threads
commenced; hundreds of hands employed and
thousands of dollars paid out for wages. The
climate of America is hostile to the growth of
flax suitable for threads; Irish, Dutch, and
French flax are used exclusively for this pur-
pose. A gentleman states that during twenty-
eight years' experience as a manufacturer of
flax in America, he has seen no American flax
fit for shoe threads or tailors' threads.
It strikes me that it would be safe, without
injury to the flax-growers in this country, (for
I am the last man in this House that would do
anything to injnre that business,) to allow in
free of duty all flax, dressed or undressed, but
unmanufactured of quality suitable for shoe-
threads and tailors' threads, or fix the duty at
such price per ton as will encourage the great-
est manufacture of these fine goods. If flax
cannot be grown here of the liner quality, it
is but just the manufacturer should be able
to import it free of duty. This is in accord-
ance with what I said when I commenced to
speak, that we should admit free of duty all
raw materials that do not come in competition
with our home industries, and place the duty
on all articles that do come in competition
with home industries. A gentleman writes:
" The American Linen Company, of Fall River,
Massachusetts, with $400,000capita], lost their entire
capital and had to abandon the business; and we
could enumerate many instances during the past
ten years of flax spinning mills embarking with
ample means, which have been sufferers to the full
extent of their investment."
In the bill lately before the Senate, a prop-
osition was made to reduce the duty ten per
cent, on finished cotton machinery, but which
was stricken out. The present duty is only
thirty-five per cent. This a very large indus-
try, and needs the fostering caTe of the Gov-
ernment. Of eighty-five establishments en-
gaged in the manufacture of cotton machinery
known at this time, fifty-three of them visited
had, in 1871, $10,822,000 capital invested, to
which may safely be added $3,000,000 for
those not visited, and these fifty-three estab-
lishments were consumers of the following
amount of materials : 25,736 tons of pig iron ;
3,892 tons of bar iron ; 653 tons of steel;
19,612 tons of coal; 7,121 tons of molding
sand; 5,036,500 feet of lumber; $1,617,155
worth of other materials, with many thousand
hands employed ; and that under the pres-
ent tariff, with a duty of thirty-five per cent,
on manufactures of iron, and forty-five per
cent, on those of steel, with not more than
two per cent, of steel used in the construction
of cotton machinery, the present rate is vir-
tually thirty-five per cent, on cotton machinery.
Manifestly there is a very great discrimina-
tion against American machinery of from ten to
twenty p'er cent, in the material alone. But cot-
ton machinery is highl-y finished, and requires a
very large portion of skilled labor in iis manu-
facture ; so that labor constitutes fifty per cent,
of the value of the finished product. Inasmuch
as English mechanical labor is from twenty-
five to forty per cent, cheaper than American,
the discrimination against the American builder
is greatly enhanced, so much so as to have
seriously crippled the American shops the past
few years. Large quantities of English ma-
chinery have been imported, almost, if not
quite, defying competition under the opera-
tion of the above unjust discrimination. Cotton
manufacturers have bought the English ma-
chinery on account of the low prices at which
it could be obtained, while generally conceding
the superiority of the American.
A reduction would only tend to still further
depression of interests already well-nigh crushed
out by the unfriendly legislation now existing ;
would transfer the demand for skilled labor
from our own to a foreign land, and thus destroy
important nurseries of home skilled labor, so
necessary to maintain in view of the foreign
complications to which our Government is con-
stantly exposed, and would discriminate against
our own iron and steel by admitting, at lower
rates of duty, the foreign article in the form
of machinery; against home capital in favor
of foreign; against the home farmer, to whom
this industry furnishes an important market,
and against the skilled home workman, who
looks to it for support.
I hope the present duty will not be disturbed.
A reduction of duty would seriously embar-
rass and perhaps destroy an industry at Pat-
erson, in my district, that is quite large, and
growing larger, employing many workmen,
helping with the various other industries of
that place to give life and activity to trade,
and to make it a prosperous and growing city.
The growth of Paterson the last ten years has
been about seventy-five per cent, in popula-
tion, with over one hundred manufacturing
establishments. Three hundred and fifty loco-
motives, as we have stated, are turned out
annually from this city, and millions of dollars
are paid out every year for labor, which is
circulated about the city, the working classes
well to do, prosperous, and happy, many of
them with their neat houses and homes dotted
about the city; the workingmen intelligent,
sober, and industrious, with integrity and hon-
esty, making them good citizens, loyal to the
Government; and, during the time of the war,
this city turned out great numbers of her
workingmen for the defense of the country,
and gave some of her best young men and
sons, who died that the nation might live.
Her schools and churches are numerous ; edu-
cation and religion keeping pace with the fast
growth of this great manufacturing city, which
is fast gaining a position equal to any manu-
facturing city of our country. It is already
acknowledged in the manufacturing of silk
goods the Lyons of America. And now, Mr.
Speaker, whence all this prosperity, wealth,
and rapid growth? It has come about, sir, by
the policy of the Government in affording pro-
tection to the industries of the nation. If this
