1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2031
the considerations which led the committee to
adopt this have been taken away.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senate has not yet
determined, and will not until it votes on the
amendment of the Senator from Maine, that
it is not going to follow the committee, and
have tea and coffee at the reduced rate. In
order to secure tea and coffee free, I move to
strike out these words; and you cannot secure
them free, if you are going to make a complete
tariff, by voting them as a substitute in place
of free tea and coffee as they stand in the
House bill. You will by that vote have tied
yourself up so that you cannot move on the
subject at all. What, then, is the lair way to
test the question, leaving tea and coffee aside,
or the residue of the tariff bill reported by the
committee? It is to strike these words from
the amendment, and then provide that tea and
coffee shall go on the free list.
Mr. MORTON. 1 wish to ask the Senator
a question. If the substitute which is moved
by the Senator from Maine shall be adopted,
- then we have put tea and coffee back into the
bill with a duty upon them in the one case of
ten cents and the other two cents a pound,
and we cannot gel clear ot it except by defeat-
ing the whole bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is it exactly.
Mr. MORTON. Now, if they are stricken
out upon the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, it leaves the Senate free to put the duty
at five cents on tea, or to let it come in free,
to fix it as it pleases.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. Therefore, those who are
in favor of free tea and coffee must vote to
sustain the motion of the Senator from Ver-
mont, because if that motion is defeated and
the substitute is adopted without those words
out, then they go back to the ten cents and
the two cents a pound respectively, and you
cannot defeat it except by defeating the whole
bill.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Chair about that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont is entitled to the floor. He
yielded to the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. STEWART. I should like, with his
permission, to ask a question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
Mr. STEWART. If we adopt the amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine as a substi-
tute for the first section of the bill as it stands,
can that.be amended again by striking out tea
and coffee?
Several Senators. No, no.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That cannot be
done. If the amendment of the Senator from
Maine should prevail, and the first section of
the Finance Committee's amendment should
be inserted in tins bill in place of the first sec-
tion as it now stands, no words of that propo-
sition thus inserted could be stricken out
except alter a motion to reconsider.
Mr. STEWART. Then I want to ask an-
other question. Suppose it be amended, it
still being a substitute for the first section of
the bill, will that first section be open to amend-
ment, because that reduces the duties on tea
and coffee?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think I must resume
the floor, as we are getting rather mixed up
on this subject.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to ask a
question of the Chair.
Mr. IltLL. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Vermont yield?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not yield to anybody.
Mr. HILL. 1 rise simply to ask a question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 do not yield to anybody.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will
obey the rules. 'The rule prohibits moving
about while Senators are speaking, and it also
instructs them to be in their seats.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am in no hurry; it is
not late ; and this subject will not be disposed
of until Senators are obliged to vote under-
standing^, if they will pardon me for making
use of such an expression, because we are not
to have any disguises and explanation after-
ward which look two ways. We shall have to
meet this tea and coffee question face to face
on its merits and alone, and we cannot be ho-
cus-pocussed by any parliamentary contrivance
into putting ourselves in aposture where we can
tell our constituents we meant tea and coffee,
but by some unexplained ruling of the Chair,
we found ourselves like the hen, scratched out
of the garden without any ability to get back.
Now, let me tell the Senator from Nevada
that if my motion prevails to strike tea and
coffee out of the amendment of the Senator
from Maine, so as to leave them open on (his
amendment, then I shall move to insert words
which shall declare in this amendment, and as
a part of it, that tea and coffee shall be free.
If that carries, and the amendment of the
Senator from Maine is then adopted, we shall
still have free tea and coffee; if the amend-
ment of the Senatorfrora Maine is not adop'ed
we shall still have free tea and coffee. But
if we vote upon the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maine as it stands now, and the
majority agree to it, then we shall not have
free tea and coffee, and it is beyond the power
of the Senate to obtain it.
Now, I wish in good faith, representing as
I believe the wishes of my constituents, and
actiiig upon articles that do not come itt com-
petition with any American production, or
any American labor, except, peihaps, those
who adulterate coffee by grinding it—I do
not know how it will affect them—t.o have tea
and coffee on the free list. 1 wish to have u
direct vote in this body which will establish
the wish of the body upon that subject, and
the only way in which we can take the ques-
tion in the first instance with any safety is
upon the motion I made.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator will allow
me to make a suggestion. If that be his
object it does not seem to me that he needs
any reconsideration of that vote, but lie may
offer an amendment declaring that tea and
coffee shall be free direct.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That may be.
Mr. STEWART. I donot see that it needs
any reconsideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am perfectly willing to
try it in that way if the Senate prefer it; but
inasmuch as it was perfectly plain to every
gentleman who has studied the bill for a mo-
ment, and has paid attention to what is going
on in the Senate, that the first step to test the
question whether we want free tea and coffee,
if we are to have this amendment considered,
would be to strike out these words from the
bill, I made that motion simply, and stated
that if tliat prevailed, then another motion
would be necessary to secure tea and coffee on
the free list if the amendment of the Senator
from Maine should be adopted.
Mr. STEWART. Make that motion now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana has moved to reconsider. The
Chair stated some moments since, at the
request of several Senators, though it embar-
rassed him to do so, the exact effect of these
votes, and he attempted to make it as clear as
possible.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I certainly made no
reflection on the Chair. I was alluding to
what Senators might be able to say at home.
The VICE PllESIDEN T. The Senator
several times repeated ''the ruling of the
Chair.'' The Chair will venture to suggest
that, if the course suggested by the Senator
from Nevada were adopted, it would make
the question much more clear on the vote of
the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will make that motion,
if it will gratify my friend from Nevada, if my
friend from Indiana will withdraw his motion
to reconsider.
Mr. MORTON. What is the motion now?
Mr. EDMUNDS. To strike out "on teas
of all kinds ten cents per pound ; on coffees of
all kinds two cents per pound," and insert the
words "excepting teas and coffees which, after
the 1st day of July, 1872, shall be admitted free
of duty.''
Mr. MORTON. That is the motion you
ought to have made first.
Mr. EDMONDS. The olher was just as
plain in a parliamentary sense.
The VICE PRESIDENT. DoestheSenat r
from Indiana withdraw his motion?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I offer my amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is apparent
that the Senate is about to retrace its steps,
and it seems to me that in the last stages of
the consideration of a tariff bill wo ought to
appeal to "the sober second thought" of the
Senate. Is the consideration of this subject
by the Committee on Finance worth anything
or not ?
Now, sir, I shall vote against the proposition
making tea and coffee entirely free, because I
desire to leave myself at full liberty to make a
raid upon the internal revenue taxes, and I do
not like to hamper myself by going so far in
the reduction of the tariff that there will be no
room left for almost a complete surrender of
the internal revenue taxes. I trust that that
question will now be uppermost in the minds
of Senators.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall detain the Sen-
ate but a moment. I desire merely to state
the figures as the case now stands and let the
Senate vote. The tree hst as it now stands,
as I have stated all along, repeals taxes to the
amount of $;5,7o4.000. 'The second section
has been very much reduced. The amend-
ment of the Senator from New Jersey, strange
as it may appear, reduced the effect of that
section $1,500,000 on duties from silk goods,
being over one million five hundred thousand
dollars.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But he has increased the
duty.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have declared so. He
reduces the effect of the section ; that is, the
reductions by the second section, instead of
being $8,274,000, are now only SG,774,000.
Mr. FREL1NGHUYSEN. The Senator
from New Jersey would like to help the com-
mittee much more in the same way.
Mr. SCOTT. Is that the duty on all silks
or the duty on silks now paying sixty per cent.
ad valorem ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The duty on dress silks at
sixty per cent. I have taken the returns, and
the second section as it now stands amended
repeals duties to the amount of §0,774,000.
'The first section, other than the tea and coffee
duty, repeals dunes io the amount of $3,208,-
O00. That m ikes ipla,000,000. If, therefore,
the Senate make tea and coffee free, it in-
creases the amount of the reduction of duties
to $30,000,000.
Mr. MORION. How much do you take
off for tea and coffee?
Mr. SHERMAN. Sixteen millions and a
half. If you leduee the duties one half, that
would be a reduction of $8,2b0,000, making
an aggregate of about twenty-two millions. If
you leduce it, and put the duty at ten cents
on te l and two cents on coffee, it will make
the aggregate reduction about nineteen mil-
lion dollais.
Mr. MORION. What is the effect of the
first section ? •
Mr. SHERMAN. It reduces taxes to the
amount, ot $3,298,000. Now, f ask the Senate
whether it would not, be better to take halt t he
present duty off tea and coffee and let them
stand at that? And let me say, then- is not a
duty on a single article in the whole tariff list
winch costs so little in the collection and which
is so fairly distributed as this very duty on tea
and coffee. The articles come by the cargo iu
laige masses, and are weighed. There is no
