1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1ST
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Protection to American Industry-—Mr. BiU.
Ho. of Reps.
policy be continued the same prosperity will
attend these people. If duties are taken off
from articles coming in competition with our
manufactures and its labor, then prosperity
will cease, and most of our thriving towns and
cities will go down, and the flourishing city
of Paterson go with the rest.
The voice of alarm also comes up from the
many paper-mills of our country, and which
with proper protection have most of them
been able to keep their machinery in motion
and supply to the country as beautiful an arti-
cle of paper as can be found in the world,
and now there is a proposition asking that the
duty be reduced. It can be done only with
embarrassment to the manufacturer and the
workmen. The several mills in my district
would feel sensibly any reduction in duty.
This business, like all others, is largely made
up in labor, and the difference in prices
paid here and in Europe are very great. I
am told by one who recently visited some of
the largest paper-mills in Europe, employing
three or four hundred hands, that the average
price there paid for labor was twenty cents a
day in currency. Surely our paper manufac-
tories and working classes employed in them
cannot compete with any such prices unless
properly protected. I trust the present duty
will be left as it is.
I see an effort is also being made to reduce
the duty on woolen goods. In this business,
as in all the rest, a great part of the differ-
ence in price of goods is made up of wages;
and again, if such reductions are made as
asked for, then the farmers can kill off their
sheep, give the market to Europe, up go
the imported goods, and with them will go
the great cloth and eassimere interest of
this country. Wages in Europe are at least
one third to forty and fifty per cent, less than
they are here. Our manufacturers are now
making, in the face of all this, silk-mixed
goods, and selling at $1 15 per yard. These
are the goods that are used more than any
other kind by the masses ; but reduce the tariff
on manufactured goods from abroad and our
factories cannot turn them out at any_ such
price. This low price for goods, which a
short time since was $2 and $2 "25 per
yard, has been accomplished by home com-
petition; but reduce the duties, decrease
inamrfacturing of the goods here, cheek the
building of new enterprises, and break up
some of our factories, and prices will go
back to $2 and $2 25, if not still higher,
will have the same effect on prices of woolen
goods, as it had in regard to price of pig iron.
Under the free-trade tariff of 1847 and 1857
wool-sorters were paid twenty-two dollars
pev month for working from five a. m. to half
past seven p. m. These same men are still
sorting wool in some of the factories, and un-
der the present tariff are getting fifty dollars
a mouth, and working ten hours a day. Other
classes of workmen have had their condition
equally improved. The workingmen, I have
no doubt, would rather remain as they are un-
der the present tariff. I have several woolen-
mills in my district, as well as in the State,
and they ask that the present duties remain as
they are. I hope they will not be disturbed.
1 see in the bill that has passed the Senate
a reduction of duty on cast steel of ten per
cent., which I regret, and hope no such reduc-
tion will be made by the House. Ibis is an
industry of my own and other districts of the
State that has but fairly got under way, and
now to disturb or reduce duty will embarrass
& ud very much injure the business. It is well
known that the manufacture of this article was
never safely carried on and hardly existed m
the country before 1801. Much capital has
beon expended in building works; prices have
gone down to ten and ten and a hall cents
per pound. To reduce the tariff will bring
disaster and break up the business. It is
plainly our duty to foster and protect this
interest to keep in employ the thousands of
workingmen now employed, and to also keep
in circulation the vast amount of money ex-
pended by these establishments. These manu-
factures have now all they can do to compete
with the cheap free-trade labor of Europe.
Abram S. Hewitt, esq., United States com-
missioner to the Universal Exposition at Paris
in 1867, in speaking of "thecondition of the
working classes in France," says that from a
material point of view, at least, it is simply
deplorable:
" It requires the utmost ccortomy on the part of the
laboring man and the united labor of his wife and
his children to keep his family in existence; and it
is the accepted rule and practice for such a faiaily to
have meat but once a week; and any change in this
condition of affairs, in volving a change in the remun-
eration paid to the common laborer, would put it
out of the power of the iron-masters of France to
carry on their business in competition with Belgium
and England in the absenee of a higher tariff on im-
ports. The existence of the iron business in France,
therefore, as a national branch of industry, may be
said to rest upon the elementary condition of giving
meat once a week only to the great mass of laborers
who are engaged in its production. In Belgium
substantially the same state of affairs prevails."
And we have no doubt if this free-tradepolicy
was carried out in this country it would not
be long before the same state of things would
exist here ; and the question is simply whether
our laboring classes shall be reduced to the
same condition of having meat once a week,
with low wages, or continue to enjoy good
wages with plenty of food and meat every day
of the week if they choose.
Mr. Hewitt, in speaking of.labor in England,
says:
*' As a general rule, the labor of the women and
children is required in order to eke out the subsist-
ence of-thcfamily. In Wales women are extensively
employed in the works, doing the labor for which a
man would be required in America, and earning
from tenpence to one shilling threepence per day,
or rather less than half the wages that would be paid
to a man for the same labor, which they perform
equally well. In Staffordshire, and in the north of
England, and in Scotland, women and children are
still extensively employed above ground about the
mines and around the coal heaps at the mouths of
the pits, the substantial result of which is that the
labor of the whole family is procured for the sum
which would be paid to its male head if he alone
labored for the support of the family, of course at a
far lower oost in the resulting production of iron
than wosld otherwise be possible. Restraining laws
have been enacted in England of late years in regard
to women and children-, limiting thennmber of hours
during which they may bo employed, and also pro-
viding that they shall, not be employed during the
night, except in certain specified eases. But if the
women and children were altogether drawn from
those occupations, asthey are ia the United States,
it-would not be possible to produce iron, except at a
considerable advance itt the prices of labor.
Among the industries in which our State is
interested is the pottery interest, comparatively
new, manufacturing beautiful ware comparing
very favorably with those of other countries.
English competition has always been too strong
to allow the American potteries to produce up
to their capacity, and of late a determined
effort has been made in Staffordshire to break
up the eartheuware manufacture in the Uni-
ted States. Several leading potteries closed
entirely, caused by the low price of English
crockery made by their cheap labor and cheap
coal, with which our potteries cannot compete;
but as Englishmen are raising their prices for
labor and coal, there seems to be better times
in store for our pottery interest, if the duties
on imported goods can be let alone.
The common qualities of clay are^ found in
several places in our State, and digging of
them has become an interest of considerable
local importance, as at Woodbridge and Am-
boy. In this industry, as in all the others, there
is the same reason for protection, and that is
the difference in the cost of labor in favor of the
foreign manufacturer. Manual labor enters as
the chief item of cost from first to last, Irom
the mining of the material to the shipment of
She manufactured article.
Thete is probably no manufactured article
in the production of which less labor-saving
machinery is used than crockery. Hand labor
and fire produce it direetly from the minerals
composing it. Inventive power seems at fault
when directed to crockery. Machinery cannot
manipulate the soft and yielding clay, nor
handle it after it is Converted by fire into a
brittle and frangible article of use. The clay
is yet in the hands of the potter, as it has been
from the days of the Pharoahs. Therefore, it
is more difficult to establish potteries in suc-
cessful competition with England, with ber
plentiful and cheap skilled labor, than indus-
tries where machinery can be almost entirely
used, and Yankee inventive power brought to
bear to render protection unnecessary.
The pottery interest certainly deserves to be
fostered if any others are. It acts directly in
bringing an additional population of skilled
work people into the country; it develops
mining interests of a peculiar character, and
doubtless does as much for the material devel-
opment of our resources, in proportion to the
capital invested in it, as any other branch of
industry.
The following statement of the distribution
of the potteries of the United States, with some
estimates of their capacity, judging by the con-
dition of the potteries at Trenton, New Jersey,
will go to prove the truth of these remarks,
and the justice of a claim that the crockery
interest be protected by at least the present
duty:
Chief points at which Ike potteries of the United States
are located, showing capacity of production by the
number of kilns.
No.
Trenton, New Jersey 57
Jersey City, New Jersey %
Gloucester, New Jersey 
East Liverpool, Ohio   w
Cincinnati, Ohio      ...U
Flushing and Green Point, Long Island, New York, 8
New York city, New York 4
Pittsburg, Pennsylvania  
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania j
Peoria, Illinois  *
Baltimore, Maryland .- |
Boston, Massachusetts   - ^
Making a total of one hundred and forty-eight
kilns in seven States. There are also-some other
small potteries not so well known. Therse one
hundred and forty-eight are capable of produc-
ing at the rate of $30,000 per kiln, which would
amount to $4,440,000 per annum, and would
use in such production seventy-five thousand
tons of coal and seventy-iive thousand tons of
clays and other materials. Trenton, New Jer-
sey, is the chief point for the pottery interest,
both because of the greatest number of kilns
there and the fine quality of the wares pro-
duced. The fifty-seven .kilns of Trenton are
the property of eighteen establishments, vary-
ing in capacity from one to five kilns. These
potteries represent in real estate, stock of
wares and materials, and bills receivable, a
capital of about $1,250,000. They eould easily
produce annually, if fully worked, at least as
much as $1,700,000; and thus working* they
would consume some twenty-five to thirty
thousand tons of coal and a like quanty of
other materials. They should employ twelve
to fifteen hundred hands, and pay them weekly
ten to twelve thousand dollars. . . -. _
It is not pretended that the potteries ot
Trenton have done so much, but let it be no-
ticed particularly that the capacity to manu-
facture a large quantity of eartheuware exists
already in the united States, provided it be
so protected by tariff-that it can be worked.
Next to Trenton, New Jersey, East Liver-
pool and Cincinnati, Ohio, have laree pottery
interests, and a great number of kilns with
lame capital invested and many hands em-
ployed. With a sufficiently protective tariff,
there is no reason why all the drockery used
in the United States shall not be produced
here, and made, too, entirely of American
