1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
1135
to explain the provisions of the bill. Under
existing laws the master of a vessel owning
one sixteenth part of it may not only control
the vessel as master against the wishes of the
other fifteen owners, but he may transfer his
interest to another master—may put him in
charge; and the owners have no power to re-
move the master although he may be ever so
unfaithful and objectionable to them. I have
been unanimously instructed by the Committee
on Commerce to recommend the passage of
this bill.
There beingno objection, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. LYNCH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid oil the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF CENSUS TABLES.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution ; which
was considered and adopted :
Iteiolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed in muslin covers twelve thousand extra
copie3 of tlie first eight tables of the census report,
of which seven thousand copies shall be for the use
of the House, thirty-five hundred fortho Senate, and
fifteen hundred for the Census Bureau.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORT OP SECRETARY OP NAVY.
Mr. BEATTY also, from the Committee on
Printing, reported adversely upon a concurrent
resolution for printing extra copies of the last
report of the Secretary of the Navy; which
was laid on the table.
COST OF PUBLISHING DEBATES.
Mr. BEATTY also, from the Committee on
Printing, submitted areportof payments made
for reporting and publishing the debates of
Congress from July 1, 1801, to June 30, 1871;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
DAM IN OIIIO RIVER.
Mr. CROSSLAND, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho chief of engineers be, and is
hereby, requested to furnish this House a, copy of tho
report of tho engineer of the survey of tho dam in
Ohio river near tho mouth of the Cumberland river.
TEXAS PORTS.
Mr. SYPHER. The gentleman from' Mas-
sachusetts will, I understand, withdraw his
objection to the bill which I introduced this
morning.
Mr. OAWES. I withdraw my objection to
the bill of the gentleman from Louisiana.
Mr. SYPHER. I again ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a bill (EL R. No. 1657) to
amend section two, act of August SO, 1852,
in relation to the transportation and exporta-
tion of imported goods, wares, and merchan-
dise in bond through certain ports in the State
of Texas.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
introduction of the bill?
There was no objection, and the bill was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that sec-
tion two of the act of August 30, 1852, enti-
tled "An act authorizing imported goods,
wares, and merchandise entered and bonded
for warehousing in pursuance of law to be
exported by certain routes to ports and places
in Mexico," be so amended that imported
merchandise duly entered and bonded at a
port of the United States, and withdrawn from
warehouse in accordance with existing law,
fos exportation for San Fernando, Paso del
Norte, and Chihuahua, in Mexico, shall pass
through Indianola, the port of entry for the
district of Saluria, in the State of Texas, and
not through the port of Lavaca, in said dis-
trict, as required by said section.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I should
like to have some explanation of the bill.
Mr. SYPHER. I will explain in one
moment what the bill is. Within the last year
a new railroad has been constructed from Indi-
anola to San Antonio in the interior. Goods
shipped from Indianola or other ports to
Saluria have gone through Lavaca, aport lying
twelve miles up the bay, necessitating goods
to be transported up the bay twelve miles and
then back again twelve miles to get on this
railroad; but this simply provides that goods
goinginto the districtof Saluria can go through
Indianola instead of going up to Lavaca.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. This should
be under regulations to be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SYPHER. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury himself drew this, and it meets with the
approval of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I suggest to
the gentleman that he insert the words "under
such regulations as may be prescribed by tho
Secretary of the Treasury."
Mr. SYPHER. I accept that as a modifica-
tion of the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SYPHER moved to reconsiderthe vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
POST ROUTES.
Mr. STORM, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (II. R. No. 1G58) to establish
certain post routes ; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
following be established as post routes, to wit:
from Hale's Eddy, in Delaware county, in the
State of New York, by way of New Baltimore,
in Wayne county, Pennsylvania, and Danville,
in Broome county, State of New York, to
Harmony Centre, in said county, Pennsylva-
nia. Also, from Marshall's Creek, in Monroe
county, via Resaca, Twelve-Mile Pond, Fif-
teen-Mile Pond, to Blooming Grove, in Pike
county.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The general post
route bill will be reported from the appro-
priate committee at the proper time, and i do
not see any good reason why we should incum-
ber our statutes with these separate bills. But
I do not object.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STORM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
edward white.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1059) to
relieve Edward White, of St. Louis, Missouri,
from disabilities under the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I ask unanimous
consent that the bill be now put upon its
passage.
The SPEAKER. Tho bill will be read for
information, after which objections, if any,
will be in order.
The bill was read. It provides that all
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, by reason of participation
in the late rebellion, be, and they are liereby,
removed from Edward White, late of Vir-
ginia, now of St. Louis, in the State of Mis-
souri,
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FINKELNBURG moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed;' atad
also moved that the raotioti to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I demand the
regular order.
CLERKS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called, the morning hour begins, at fifteen
minutes before one o'clock, and the House
resumes consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
1341) to regulate the employment and com-
pensation of clerks for the committees of the
House of Representatives, which was reported
from the select Committee on the Reorganiza-
tion of the Civil Service of the Government.
The gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. 7/illard,]
who reported the biil, has half an hour remain-
ing of his time.
Mr. WILLARD. I yield to my colleagne
on the committee, the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, the bill before
the House is a bill reported from the select
Committee on the Reorganization of the Civil
Service of the Government. It is a bill to
regulate tke employment and compensation of
clerks for the committees of this House. The
select Committee on the Reorganization of the
Civil Service has been in existence during this
session, about two months and a half. It has
had intrusted to it tho whole question relating
to a reformation of the civil service: and 1
am sure that it will cause much surprise that
after so long a period has intervened from the
commencement of its labors, it has been unable
to report to the House any measure of more
general importance than that which refers to
the employment and compensation of clerks
of committees. In saying this, Mr. Speaker,
I do not wish to be considered as impugning
the disposition of the committee or the indus-
try of the committee, because I can say of my
own personal knowledge that it has industri-
ously, weekly and semi-weekly, met for the
consideration of the great cjuestions referred
to it. Therefore, in any criticism that 1'may
make upon the apparent result of their labors
I desire to acquit that committee of any dis-
position not to accomplish all which the public
has a right to expect of them. I only express
my regret, as I am sure the country to-day
expresses its surprise, that a committee com-
posed of some of the most experienced mem-
bers of this House, who are really in earnest
in their desire to effect a substantial reform,
has been unable to produce anything of more
general importance than a measure relating to
clerks of committees.
Nor, sir, am I to be understood as treating
lightly this question relating to the clerks of
committees. In my opinion we have not yet
sufficiently considered the importance of the
question of the employment of the clerks of
the committees of this House. We have no
law regulating their appointment. We have
no law governing the nature of their duties or
fixing lesponsibility on the part of these officers
of the House either to the Speaker or to tho
House itself/
At present the clerks of the committees are
appointed by the chairman of the committees.
The chairman has the exclusive authority to
name whom he pleases as elerk; and ^the
clerk is in the attitude of a personal attache to
the gentleman who has the honor to preside
over a committee. And the chairman of the
committee in all cases, followiug an inevitable
law of our nature, selects such a one as will
probably not only discharge tho duties devolv-
ing on him in the committee, but will also dis-
charge some outside duties of a personal, or it
may be, of a political character. In many
instances these clerks of committees are news-
