1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2927
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] on
this subject are interesting, and entitled to
great weight, as, indeed, is everything that he
says. But I would suggest to him that there
are portions of the country where the trees
are, to adopt his language, obstructions in the
way of the profitable use of land suitable for
high cultivation. In such parts of the coun-
try it is very important we should get rid of
the trees. In many cases they are useless as
lumber, and almost useless as fuel; and until
tbey are out of the way the land is perfectly
worthless. This remark is applicable to many
portions of our country, though not to all.
The error we are likely to fall into is in mak-
ing too wide a generalization from a limited
number of facts. The policy that would be
applicable to one section of our country would
be quite inapplicable to another. For in-
stance, there is a wide difference in this
resnect between the section of country in
which iny frieud from Massachusetts lives and
the mountain region where I reside, and which
is covered with the largest and the heaviest
timber. The rule that would be applica-
ble to the one case would be wholly inap-
plicable to the other. His illustration of the
'■great oak" would not apply in the case of
any number of "great oaks" which stand in
our fields as obstructions to the cultivation
of the land. We should be very glad to get
rid of them by the process he describes or
any other.
Mr. HAWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I had no
opportunity to examine this bill previous to
its being brought up for consideration in the
House; but it seems to me it undertakes alto-
gether too much. If I understand the bill
from the hasty reading and examination I
have been able to give it, it provides that of
timber lands vvhicli may be disposed of by the
Government one tenth shall be preserved as
timber lands, and if the party to whom they
are granted shall fail to preserve one tenth as
timber lands then he forfeits the whole title.
Mr. HALDEMAN. Unless he plants an
anrp plepwnpt'p
Mr. HAWLEY. If he shall remove the
timber from the land he forfeits the title
unless he plants an acre elsewhere. If the
land granted be destitute of timber, if it be
prairie or other open land, then the party to
whom it is granted is required to plant one
tenth of it.
Mr. HALDEMAN. A bounty is to be
given if he will do so. There is no penalty.
Mr. HAWLEY. I understand there is to
be a penalty.
Mr. HALDEMAN. There is no penally
except in the first, and second sections.
Mr. HAWLEY. Now, I ask, what will be
the effect of this bill with reference to the
homestead law? Suppose a man, taking up
land under the homestead law, fails to plant
trees as required by this bill, what effect will
it have upon his title ?
Mr. HALDEMAN. None whatever.
Mr. HAWLEY. What, then, will it accom-
plish? Under the homestead law he is enti-
tled to a patent to the land by settling on it
for so many years.
Mr. HALDEMAN. It diminishes the time
by two years.
Mr. HAWLEY. I have looked over the bill,
and I do not understand, Mr. Speaker, there is
anything here in reference to homestead settlers
which lessens the time.
Mr. HALDEMAN. If the gentleman will
refer to sectiou eight, I think he will find he is
mistaken.
Mr. HAWLEY. I do not understand it
lessens the time the homestead settler has to
serve.
Mr. HALDEMAN. Yes, sir; it lessens it
by two years.
Mr. RUSK. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
on striking out the first and second sections,
and as the gentleman has called for the regu-
ular order ot business the gentlemen will please
not indulge in private conversation.
Mr. HAWLEY. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania was seekigg to iind in his bill where
it lessens the time the homestead settler has
to serve.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
on striking out the first and second sections of
the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. If those two sections are
stricken out it destroys the whole object of the
bill.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will give me two or three min-
utes, so I may refer to a fact which escaped my
mind when 1 was up before.
Mr. HALDEMAN. Certainly.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, the great des-
erts between the Mississippi river and the
Rocky mountains will be reclaimed and fertil-
ized by the processes which flow from this bill
if it becomes a law. I am told by gentlemen
from different sections that the bridges in all
parts of the country are swept away by the
floods which oficur from year to year in con-
sequence of the stripping of the land of the
forests of trees which once covered it. The
natural effect of forests is to retain water in
the soil. By cutting down the forest trees every-
where the land is drained, and the water is
thrown into currents which soon become tor-
rents, and the bridges are swept away in all
parts of the country. This arises merely from
this process of denuding the land of the forest
trees with which it is covered in a state of
nature.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
nard] has said that it is necessary some parts
should be reclaimed. That is nil very true.
If we reclaim nine tenths and reserve one
tenth in forest trees we shall increase the
wealth of the country and the value of the
property reclaimed, while we retain the land
which remains in forest tress.
There can be no act of Congress which will
secure greater benefit to the country than that
proposed by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Haldeman] in the provisions of this
bill. It directs the attention of the people to
preserving in some degree trees of the forest
which seem to be recklessly cut down in every
direction. I hope the House will never con-
sent to strike out the provisions contained in
the first section, accompanied as they are by
the amendment of the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] saving the interests to
which he has referred. We should give to
the country these general and wise provisions
in order that forest trees may be preserved
throughout the country, and thereby not only
increase the wealth of the country, but the
health and happiness of the whole people.
Mr. McCOHMICK, of Arizona. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to yield to me
for a few moments.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I yield to the gentle-
man for five minutes.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. Mr. Speaker,
I most heartily indorse all that the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] has said on
this question. Gentlemen who have traveled
through the Territories of the United States
are well aware there may be found in each
Territory a vast extent of land commonly
called desert land, but which really is not
desert land in any true sense of the term. It
is simply dry land, having rich soil and capa-
ble of producing almost anything, but for the
fact that it is entirely destitute of water. Gen-
tlemen representing Territories have for years
been trying to get Congress to offer some in-
ducement to parties to sink upon those dry
lands artesian wells for the purpose of irriga-
tion, and to bring them under cultivation. I
believe if Congress were to offer a premium
by making grants of land for the sinking of
artesian wells, hundreds and thousands of
acres now arid would be brought under suc-
cessful cultivation in those Territories. Hun-
dreds and thousands of acres now lying un-
profitable and unavailable, if such a course
had been proposed by Congress years ago,
might have been made profitable and valuable
for all practical purposes. I received a letter
this morning from the Governor of Arizona
calling my attention to this fact. He believes
if such a law be passed by Congress giving a
grant of lands for the purpose of sinking arte-
sian wells, thousandsand millions of acres now
entirely useless and unprofitable will be brought
into market.
Now, in reference to the preservation of
forest trees upon t: e public lands where they
now exist, at present there seems to be an
unconquerable tendency upon the part of those
settled upon the frontier to destroy the forest
trees, almost every man thinks it necessary
as his first duty to cut down his quota of
forest trees. In the mineral Territories the
forests are not extensive.
It has been the custom of late years for
almost every man who passes over the Union
Pacific and Kansas Pacific railroads to shoot
a buffalo, and this is done without any inten-
tion to use the meat or the hide. And so it
must be said of these people along the fron-
tier, that they burn ten cords of wood where
there is a necessity only for burning one; they
cut and destroy timber in every direction, and
where timber is scarce and very valuable. I
think Congress should do something to pre-
serve this timber. I believe at the same time
there should be some provision, such as the
gentleman from California [Mr. Sargent] has
proposed, in reference to placer mines, and to
the operations in quartz mining.
This bill is certainly a step in the right di-
rection, and every man who knows anything
of the scarcity of timber on the frontier, and
of the benefits to be derived from the culti-
vation of timber, must be, I think, in favor of
this bill. Gentlemen say that the bill is not
really practical; if so, let us make it as prac-
tical as we can; and if it is not perfect to-day
we can make it perfect hereafter. But let us
take this step to-day. ' It is a step in the right
direction, and a step which Congress, I think,
should have taken a quarter of a century ago.
In this way we can preserve some of the tim-
ber which exists, and may offer an induce-
ment to its cultivation where it is so greatly
needed.
1 hope this bill will pass in some shape or
other. I understand that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Haldeman,] who has re-
ported it, is not particular as to the exact
wording of the bill or its exact features. It is
simply a beginning, but it is certainly a begin-
ning in the right direction, and I hope Con-
gress will not allow the subject to pass away
without a most serious and favorable eonsid-
6rMr°nHALDEMAN. I yield three minutes
to my colleague, [Mr. Storm.]
Mr. STORM. I desire to add but a word
to what has been so well said by the gentle-
man who has this bill in charge and the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] I
look upon the bill as one ot Yery great im-
portance, and I will add just two thoughts to
what has been already so well presented.
It is wel'l known that although the fall of
rain is not on the increase, the rise in the
streams m all the hilly portions of our coun-
try is constantly oil the increase ; that year by
year they are getting higher. The bridges
that were before supposed to be above high
water have been swept away year after year ;
and on an average in many portions of our
country, and especially, as I know in lenn-
sylvania, all the bi idges over the larger streams
are swept away once m every seven years, and
sometimes more frequently. The streams are
getting higher and higher each year, although
