urn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
paper correspondents. They correspond for
the press throughout the whole length and
breadth of the land. There have been times
when they have not only dealtvery freely with
the personal characters of Representatives in
Congress, but also gave a tone and direction to
many of the measures which are before Con-
gress. They have access to the secrets of com-
mittee-rooras. Too often it has been the case
that information which should have been en-
tirely private, and which by the rules of the
House members are prevented from reporting
on this floor, has, through the instrumentality
of these clerks acting in their capacity as news-
paper correspondents, been given to the public,
feo much has this been the case that we look
regularly in the newspapers to find out really
what we are doing, and in many cases what
we intend to do.
There have been other instances of abuse.
It is well known that bills have been altered by
clerks of committees. Taking advantage of
their access to bills in their progress through
Congress, sometimes in the passage from one
House to the other, sometimes in committees
of conference, instances have been known in
the history of Congress where irresponsible
persons, not in any way connected officially
with the legislation of either House, have taken
it upon themselves to make alterations in the
text of bills which have had a great influence
and effect on the meaning and intent of acts
of Congress afterward.
Mr. COBURN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. WOOD. Certainly.
Mr. COBURN. I would ask the gentleman
to name what law or bill has been changed, or
what clerk has done it at any time ?
Mr. WOOD. None in this Congress, and
the gentleman will permit me to say that so far
as I know at the present moment there is no
clerk of any committee of the House that
would be guilty or has been thus guilty; but I
repeat that within my experience in Congress,
which covers many years, instances have
occurred in which the text of bills has been
altered by the clerks of committees. Now, I
think it is our duty to correct as far as we may
and can the possibility of an abuse of this
character. I regret, therefore, that the bill
before us does not propose to regulate the
power of appointment or the responsibility
after appointment; that it has not defined
the nature of the duties of these clerks; that it
has not attempted to interfere with their priv-
ileges, which are disconnected entirely from
their official duties as clerks of the House, so
that they may go out into the country and do
that which we ourselves by our own rules
are precluded from doing.
Hut, Mr. Speaker, I repeat that this whole
question of clerks of committees in the House
of Representatives is comparatively of no im-
portance whatever. I do not believe that tho
people of this country will be satisfied and con -
tented that the Congress of the United States
shall thus trifle with so grave and important a
question as is now agitating the public mind.
1 believe that the public attention is directed
throughout the length and breadth of this land
to this great question of official corruption. I
do not believe that when our whole executive
department, the whole range of the public
service, so teems with corruption, profligacy,
waste, and extravagance, which has attracted
the public attention, and is now agitating the
public mind all over the land, the people of
the country will be content with simply hav-
ing us legislate upon a subject so trifling and
of such comparatively small importance as
that involved in the bill under consideration.
Sir, why is this? Why is it that the mind
of the American people is to-day centered
upon one great question ? It is because that
throughout all our public departments, national,
State, and municipal, there is a general state
of demoralization; that judging the American
people by their Government, and the Amer-
ican Union by what is said of our public
officials, we have sank low indeed.
Sir, I do not think that American human
nature is worse than that of any other coun-
try. I do not think that the demoralization
existing in public life extends to any very
great extent to private life. Our people are
prosperous, our merchants are honorable, our
departments of trade, education, and of the
church, and all the other various organiza-
tions which form our social fabric, stand as
high as those of any other people. YVhyisit,
I ask again, that the official Departments of
our Government—and when I say that I include
governments of all grades and character—
appear to be demoralized, appear to be deteri-
orating? Does it arise from our republican
form of institutions ? Is it because our peo-
ple are incapable of self-government, or is it
because our political structure has fallen into
the hands of the inferior class of the commun-
ity, or is jt because the corruption in public
life has driven men of integrity, purity, and of
the higher order of intelligence from the arena
of official and public life ?
Sir, it is not for me to answer these ques-
tions. In my judgment a change must come
over the American people. In my judgment
the time is not far distant when, entirely sub-
versive of the political influences which have
heretofore controlled the country, the watch-
word must be universal purification and an
elevation of the official standard; when men
whose public lives, whose private lives, whose
whole career have been pure and without
reproach, must take possession of the Govern-
ment of the United States and conduct it upon
a more elevated and a higher moral standard
than exists to-day throughout our land.
Can Congress remedy this defect ? I am
one of those who fear that it is not within the
power of Congress to remedy this evil. I do
not believe that by any legislation we may
adopt we can take away from the chief exec-
utive officer, not only the power to appoint as
he pleases, but also the responsibility for the
conduct of every subordinate official under
him. A bill has been, or will be reported here
from the Committee on the Reorganization
of the Civil Service, which proposes to make
it a penal offense for a member of Congress to
recommend any person to the President for
appointment to office. Such a bill as that I
hold to be of a dangerous character. I do
not believe any such bill can relieve the Pres-
ident of his responsibility,and cannot influence
the result of his official transactions. At the
same time I say that I doubt whether such a
law does come within the constitutional power
of Congress to adopt.
We cannot in that way abridge the rights of
the Representative; we cannot regulate the
personal affairs and conduct of the Repre-
sentatives of the people of the several con-
gressional districts of the United States. We
cannot make it a penal offense for a man who
has been chosen by the electors in his district
for acting for them in making a proper rec-
ommendation to the Executive or the head
of a Department, which recommendation may
come strictly within the purview of his duty,
and within the usage of the Government from
its foundation to this time* In my judgment
when we attempt by acts of Congress to re-
strain and restrict the full authority and the
power of a Representative within the Consti-
tution as a law-maker of the Government, we
cannot by any legislative device deprive him
ot the nght to make a recommendation which
is strictly within his privilege and duties to his
constituents as a member of Congress. Nor
can we by any act of Congress add to or take
irom the President the responsibility.
_ It a member should make recommenda-
tion to the President to appoint John Doe to
office, and John Doe should be an improper
person, is the President obliged to appoint
him because thus recommended? Is it within
our power, by any interference with the exec-
utive prerogative, in this way to compel him
to' make such an appointment? Can a recom-
mendation be called a dictation? Again, to
pass such a bill is to assume that we have
been guilty of improper recommendations; it
is an implied censure upon ourselves. Wo
are assenting to a declaration: made by the
present President that he has been prevented
from performing his duty to the country by
the interference of members of Congress. 1
am sure that so far as we Democratic mem-
bers are concerned we are entirely free of
having made any recommendation whatever.
Aad if gentlemen on the other side of the
House are willing to accept this implied cen-
sure upon themselves, why that is a matter of
taste, and they have a right to assume that
direction if they see proper.
But when we come to legislate for ourselves
and those who are to come after us, when we
come to pass laws that are to go upon the
statute-books of the country and*to make apart
of the legislative documentary history of our
Government, in my judgment we will be com-
mitting an act of doubtful propriety, to say tho
leastof it, by passiDgthe bill referred to. But
the President himself does not desire it.
Mr. WILLARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to suggest that it does not seem quite fair
for him now to make an argument upon a bill
that is not now before the House?
Mr. WOOD. I hope my friend will not
interfere with the few minutes remaining of
my time, a3 I rarely get an opportunity in
this House to discuss any question. I desire
to say that the President himself, in his very
first message to Congress, assumed the whole
responsibility of appointments. I refer you to
the document itself. The President says that
he will appoint none but good men to office.
Subsequently he tells us that he has striven to
carry that doctrine out. And although we
have given him the authority to appoint a
board of examiners to devise and recommend
a form of examination for applicants for office,
yet he possesses the power to adopt that plan
ov not without the interference of Congress.
The President, therefore, assumes the obliga-
tion of the responsibility imposed upon him
by the Constitution of the United States ; and
there I propose to leave him. I propose to
hold him to the most rigid accountability for
every appointment that he has made since he
has been President of the United States. I
propose that he shall not shift the responsibil-
ity by throwing upon members of Congress a
charge of improper interference with the exec-
utive right and prerogative, and attempting to
make us share the responsibility which prop-
erly and legitimately belongs to him. Sir, we
cannot do it if we would. He has the power.
He has exercised the power. He uses it freely.
He uses it skillfully for his own political party.
I propose to leave it with him as the present
sole representative of the people in respect to
appointments to office.
It is said that the Senate is a part of the
appointing power; that the President cannot
appoint except* with the confirmation of the
Senate; but we all know that less than one
third of the official pstronfigo of the United
States goes before the Senate for comfirm-
ation. There are three thousand attaches of
the Treasury Department alone; and of those
three thousand public officials not one tenth
go before the Senate for confirmation. There-
tore, sir, whatever the Senate may do, what-
ever the heads of the Departments may do,
whatever the chiefs of bureaus may do, what-
ever Congress may do, whoever may in point
ot tact appoint the subordinates, the President,
as the chief executive officer of the country,
stands responsible: and to that responsibility
I leave hira.
Sir, the American people have their eyes
upon this question.^ They will submit to no
subterfuge, no evasion, nor cunning attempt
to avoid the liability or responsibility. It rests
upon the incumbent of the White House, and
