2928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 30,
the quantity of rain is not so great as form-
erly. Why is this? It can only be accounted
for by the stripping of the hills and plains of
the trees, the leaves and undergrowth of which
retain the rain, and allow the water to run
off gradually. When the hills and mountains
are stripped of forest trees, the rain rushes
rapidly down their sides, raising the streams
suddenly, and carrying away the bridges and
banks of the streams.
Aud there is another disadvantage which
results from cutting down the forest trees.
Just in proportion as the forest trees ^disap
pear insectivorous birds disappear, how, it
is well known that the pear tree, the peach
tree, and the apple tree grow as well as ever,
and blossom as well as ever, yet the fruit
amounts almost to nothing in certain portions
of the'country where there used to be a large
yield. The reason is that with the disap-
pearance of the forest trees the birds disap-
pear. As the birds disappear fruit-destroying
insects increase ; and in the increase of these
insects we have a corresponding decrease in
our fruit and grain crops. The question is
one of vital and national importance, not only
in preserving our springs and streams, but in
the protection of our grains and fruits.
For these and the other reasons which have
been given in this debate, I feel bound to sup-
port a measure of this kind, and believing that
this bill has been properly framed to accom-
plish the object desired, I hope it will be passed.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I now yield tour min-
utes to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Haw-
ley.]
Mr. HAWLEY. I made some inquires a
few moments ago of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Haldeman,] who has charge of
this bill, lor the purpose of more fully undei-
standing the character of its provisions. 1
have never before seen the bill. Since it came
up I have examined it as carefully as the time
permitted, and I am satisfied that it or some-
thing else relating to the same matter ought to
pass. 1 have for a long time been impressed
with the necessity of doing something to en-
courage the growth of trees on the western
prairies, and, so far as we may by legislation,
preserve the forests of the country.
The effect of the growth of trees on climate
is well known. The cultivation of soil and
the growth of trees in the western States and
Territories has had a great effect upon the
climate there. For instance, in the Salt Lake
district, before its settlement, I believe, noth-
ing in the shape of rain in the summer season
was ever known, and yet when I was in Salt
Lake three years ago they had beautiful show-
ers, occasioned, as it was supposed, by the cul-
tivation ot the soil and the growth of trees:
and so it is in all sections of our country.
Now this bill, so far as 1 can judge from a
hasty examination of its provisions, excepting
perhaps the two iirst sections, is just, and must
do great good, and I feel that the bill ought
to pass for the purpose of trying the experi-
ment, aud I, for one, shall vote tor it, although
I am not fully satisfied with the first two sec-
tions.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I yield now two min-
utes to the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Coghlan.]
Mr. COGHLAN. I think the principle of
this bill is a good one. Any man that has
ever been through the West knows that the
forests there have been destroyed very rapidly ;
but 1 think the machinery of the bill will
work greater evils than the benefits which it
could possibly confer, for the reason that the
nature of the land laws of the United States
is changed by this bill, and you revive the old
feudal law by saying that the Government of
tho United States shall retain the title to the
lauds, and merely lease them to the people.
1 believe in granting lands to the people.
The machinery of the bill would be a great
injury to the people of the United States,
especially those who are seeking homes m
the West.
I believe that there has been a bill for the
purpose of protecting the forests of our coun-
try, introduced by the honorable gentleman
from Nevada, [Mr. Kendal^,] which is without
this objection, and has been' referred to the
committee. Certainly there should be some
kind of provision which will do away with
this objection. I do not believe any gentle-
man is willing to destroy the entire land laws
of the United States for the purpose of saving
forest trees.
Now there is another thing, and that is this:
a man may have a farm and it may not be
convenient for him to set off ten acres ot land
in one place I'or this purpose. He may plant
five acres with forest trees in one place, and
ten acres in another, and two in another, but
he cannot escape these penalties which are
imposed upon him unless he has the ten acres
in one place.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I now yield two min-
utes to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope the House will
not understand from anything "that has been
said by the gentleman from California that
this bill operates upon any grants of lands
heretofore made.
Mr. COGHLAN. Hereafter to be made
is what I meant.
Mr. BINGHAM. Of course it operates upon
grants made hereafter, or it cannot operate
on anything. It is certainly competent for
the people of the United States to provide
by law as a condition upon which lands shall
be granted lor private purposes that a suffi-
cient amount of land shall be subject to the
condition proposed. Sir, it is a matter of great
concern to the country. It coucerns the
health of the country ; it concerns the wealth
of the country.
The East is to-day full of witnesses of the
mad folly of people sweeping away their forests,
and thereby turning their land into a desert.
That plum which is now barren as a rock in the
vicinity of the most ancient city upon the globe,
Damascus, as history informs us, was once a
garden, and if there is one cause more than
another that has contributed to turn that garden
into a desolation and a waste, it is the absence
of forests.
I am not only in favor of this bill, but I will
go still further, and make it a crime punish-
able with fine and imprisonment for leck-
less men once a year to set fire to the plains
of the great West, and consume timber enough
annually to supply the wants of this great na-
tion. I am glad the Committee on Agricul-
ture have given their attention to this matter.
This bill will do no harm to any one. The set-
tler is not compelled by it to plant all the trees
in a grove ; he may have them planted in small
groves over his place, provided only that the
aggregate amounts to one tenth of the land so
granted to him.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly.
Mr. HOAR. I want to know if my con-
struction ot this bill is correct. As I read it
the grant is to be on the express and perpetual
condition-subsequent, that ten percent, of the
land granted shall be kept in trees. Now,
suppose the original grantor cuts up his land
in small parcels and disposes of it to ten or
twenty persons; suppose there shall be a popu-
lous town or city, and there is an acre or less
granted to a hundred or more persons, does
not the title so acquired, the title which shall
have passed to those subsequent purchasers
fail if the original one tenth or its equivalent
is not kept in trees? No matter who may
acquire an acre ot land, at the end of a thou-
sand years the title to that acre will be forfeited
to the United States if some one else does not
keep trees on some other tract of land.
Mr. BINGHAM. An amendment has been
made excepting town sites, &e., from the
penalty. . .
Mr. HOAR. Suppose it is not a town site.
Is not the title of one grantee under the ori-
ginal purchase to fall, if at the end of a thou-
sand years, perhaps, some one .else does not
keep some other portion of the original grant
of land in trees ?
Mr. BINGHAM. I have this to say to the
gentleman that it would be a very forced
construction of the first section of this act to
conclude that any part of the title to any part
of the one hundred and sixty acres of land
shall fail because perchance the first purchaser -
from the Government had sold ten acres of
that tract that had no trees on it at all, and that
purchaser did not plant any trees on it. The
section must be construed as an entirety ; it
relates to ten per cent, of the grant, which is
sixteen acres, so that if there remain anywhere
upon any portion of the original grant what
amounts to ten per cent, of the grant in trees,
no part of the title fails. The gentleman
of course might add a provision to meet his
suggestion, that if the grant shall be subse-
quently subdivided it shall be subject to the
condition that the amount of land in trees
shall, in the aggregate, amount to one tenth
of the original grant.
Mr. HOAR. That will not do. I defer of
course to the legal opinion of the chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary, [Mr. Bing-
ham.] But I feel it to be my duty lo say that
I have spenttwenty years of my life in endeavor-
ing to understand this precise class of ques-
tions among others; aud I should be con-
strained to advise a client, if he consulted me
under this bill, that such was the condition of
his title; that is, suppose a man gets one hun-
dred acres of land, and plants one tenth of it
in trees, each acre of that land that he may
sell will be subject to the condition of the
original grant. And the title to that acre of
land may at the end of a thousand years fall
entirely, if the original sixteen acres upon
which trees were first planted or their equiva-
lent somewhere on the grant are no' kept
in trees by somebody else with whom the
owner of the acre of land may have no con-
nection.
Mr. BINGHAM. I had supposed that in
the administration of justice care would be
taken to see to it that the person who might
be punished had been guilty of some positive
and deliberate offense. However, I can see
well enough that it may be proper to make
some provision to meet the point the gentle-
man suggests.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Take the
case where we grant a million acres of land
in one body to a single railroad company.
Mr. STEVENSON. We shall not do that
any more. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
know what will be done, after the passage of
" Yerba Buena." [Laughter.]
Mr. SARGENT. Trees will not grow on
that island, as the gentleman knows.
Mr. BUTLER, ot Massachusetts. Suppose
we grant a-million acres to a single grantee, and
he is to keep one hundred thousand acres 
Mr. HALDEMAN. I feel constrained to
interrupt this conversational debate. Time is
wearing away, and I am anxious to have this
measure disposed of. I call for a vote.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
no objection.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the House to consent
to an amendment in the tenth line, which will
avoid any difficulty about the destruction of
forests by fires or other accidental causes. _ I
ask unanimous consent that the following
amendment be adopted :
After the word "destroyed," in fine ten of tho
first section, insert " by the grantee or grantees, his*
her, or their heirs, executors, or assigns."
This amendment is designed to avoid any
