3824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
cordially concur in and some they would not
concur in. We hope, however, to arrange it
satisfactorily in the committee of conference.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The Clerk read the tenth amendment, as
follows:
Add the following?:
Provided, That no more than $80,000 of the sum
hereby appropriated shall be devoted to preserving
clothing.
Mr. DICKEY. The committee recommend
non-concurrence in that amendment, and I
hope it will be non-concurred in so it may go
to a committee of conference.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The Clerk read the eleventh amendment, as
follows:
Add the following:
For the necessary expenses of such sales of stores
or material belonging to the Army establishment
as may bo authorized by law, $21,000.
Mr. DICKEY. We move non-concurrence
in that amendment also.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The Clerk read the twelfth and thirteenth
amendments, as follows:
Strike out "three hundred" and insert "two
hundred and fiftyand strike out " fifty thousand
of which shall be available for use immediately
after the passage of this act;" so the section will
reau:
For establishing and maintaining national military
cemeteries, $250,000.
Mr. DICKEY. We recommend concurrence
in those amendments. We put in an appro-
priation for $00,000 in a deficiency bill, and
therefore it is necessary to reduce this appro-
priation.
The amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
The Clerk read the fourteenth amendment,
as follows:
Strikeout "seventy-five" and insert "fifty:" so
it will read:
For Army contingencies, namely, such expenses
as are not provided lor by other estimates, embrac-
ing all branches of the military service, $50,000.
Mx\ DICKEY. We recommend non-con-
currence. In the Senate amendment it was put
at $50,000 because it was that last year. We
allowed m the deficiency bill an appropriation
of $50,000 for contingentexpenses. The con-
tingent expenses of the Army last year were
$100,000, which have been paid. We put it at
$76,000 for the next year, and we think they
can stand that, and we mean to hold them to it.
The amendment of the Senate was non- con-
curred in.
The Clerk read the fifteenth amendment, as
follows:
Add the following:
For providing surgical apparatus or appliances for
the relief of persons disabled in the military and
naval service of the United States, and notincluded
within the terms of any law granting artificial limbs,
or other special relief. $10,000, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of War: Provided,
That a report shall be made to Congress at Us next
annual session, showing the name and residence of
each person relieved, and the nature and cost of the
apparatus provided.
Mr. DiOKEY. The committee recommend
non-concurrence in that amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust there will be con-
currence m that amendment, as it seems to be
a very proper one.
Mr. DlCKBY. The gentleman will observe
that naval pensioner are put under the Secre-
tary of War, and there will have to be some
amendment made.
Mr. HOLMAN. Why cannot we amend
that now 1
Mr. DICKEY. Let it go to the committee
of conference, where it can be arranged
properly.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think this had better be
concurred in.
Mr. GAliBIELD, of Ohio. The Secretary
of War cannot attend to naval matters.
Mr. DICKEY. We intend to concur with
an amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well, then ; I do not
object.
The amendment was non-concurred ;n.
The sixteenth, seventeenth, eighteenth, nine-
teenth, twentieth, twenty-first, and twenty-
second amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in.
TheClerkread the twenty third amendment,
as follows:
.Add these words:
For expenses of trials with torpedoes for harbor
and land defense, and material for same, $10,000.
Mr. DICKEY. The committee recommend
concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
The twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth amend-
ments of the Senate were concurred in.
The Clerk read the twenty-sixth amendment,
as follows :
Strike out "one hundred and fifty" and insert
"one hundred and seventy-five;" so that it will
read:
For overhauling, preserving, and cleaning new
ordnance stores on hand in the arsenals, $175,000.
Mr. DICKEY. The Committee on Appro-
priations recommend non-concurrence in that
amendment. The reduction is disproportion-
ate. If after examination we find we can reduce
it further we are willing to do so, but no reason
was assigned to the Senate for this reduction,
and we therefore non-concur.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United Statesby Mr. Porter,
one of his Secretaries.
army appropriation bill.
The Clerk read the twenty-seventh amend-
ment, as follows:
Strike out these words: " for experimental twelve-
inch rifled cannon, and testing the same, $180,000
and in iicu thereof insert:
For experiments and tests of heavy ordnance,
$180,000: Provided, That this appropriation shall be
applied to at least three models of heavy ordnance,
to be designated by a board of officers to be appointed
by the Secretary of War, which report shall include
both classes, breeeh and muzzle cannon.
Mr. MEURIAM I move in line one hun-
dred and ninety-nine to strike out " three "
and insert ''one."  
Mr. DICKEY. The Committee on Appro-
priations recommend non-coneurrenee in this
amendment. And we will insist on some
amendment by which the ammunition will be
found, for it costs some seventy-five or one
hundred thousand dollars to fire a thousand
ti ines.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let me ask the
gentleman if this amendment has reference to
testing any particular kind of gun?
Mr. DICKEY It has not, so far as I know.
I believe, however, that the Woodbridge gun
has been recommended to be tested by the
Department. If we are going to test these
guns we must provide for the ammunition,
which will cost $60,000 to fire a thousand
rounds out of a twelve-inch gun.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me that
with that view the Senate amendment is a very
good one.
Mr. DICKEY. I am willing to concur in
the Senate amendment as far as to say that
two or three guns shall be tested ; but I do
not wish them to be muzzle guns. We do not
want to experiment any more with muzzle
guns in this Country.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I only wanted to
know that it was not in the interest of some
fellow who has got a new gun and wanted an
appropriation of $180,000 to bring his gun
before the Department.
The amendment of the Senate was non-
concurred in.
Mr. DlCKBY moved to reconsider the
several votes of non-concurrence; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DICKEY moved that the House request
a committee of conference on the disagreeing
rotes of the two Houses on the bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and it was so
ordered.
MRS. KLIZA 11 ANDERSON.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I send to the
desk a bill which I desire to have put upon its
passage. I also send a letter which I am sure
the members of the House will be glad to hear
read.
The Clerk read as follows :
London. Man 1.1872.
Dear Garfield : Mrs. Anderson, widow of Gen-
eral Kobert Anderson, is here on her way to the
United States, to sail from Liverpool to-morrow.
She will land, with her three fatherless daughters,
on the wharf at New York,literally withoutahouie.
Hei pension, and now only means of support, is, I
think, $360 per year. All else was used up during
his long sickness. Now, need I add anything to
this, to bring her ease fully to your attention? Will
not Congress, at this session, make some additional
provision for her? Will not you confer with others,
and move, or have somebody move in the matter ?
V ery faithfully yours,
ROBT. C. SCHENCK.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill(H. R. No. 2879)
granting a pension to Eliza B. Anderson ;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Eliza B. Anderson,
widow of the late Brigadier General Robeit
Anderson, on the pension-roll, and pay her a
pension of fifty dollars per month from and
after the passage of this act.
Mr. HALE. Why not make it $100?
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] to the fact that there is now before the
Committee on Invalid Pensions a hill which I
introduced a few clays ago, giving Mrs. Ander-
son a pension of fifty dollars a month. The
form, however, is of no consequence; and
the bill may as well be passed now, as go
through the form of being reported from that
committee. I presume there can be no possi-
ble objection to it, and I am very glad the
gentleman from Ohio has adopted this mode
of bringing the matter before the House.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAXES ON FERMENTED LIQUORS.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee of Ways and Means,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 288i) to regulate
the collection of taxes on fermented liquors;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. This bill makes
no change at all m the tax. It merely makes
a change in the regulations as to the collection
of the tax.
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest that the
gentleman should explain the way in which
the bill has been drawn, and as it is of con-
siderable length the House will perhaps dis-
pense with the reading of it.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The bill has been
submitted to and approved by the revenue
department. It lias been in great part drawn
np by that department, and it has received the
unanimous approval of the Committeeof Ways
and Means. It makes no change in the tax
at all. It merely changes and simplifies the
regulations concerning the collection of the
Mr. SARGENT. I think the bill should be
read.
The Clerk having read the bill in part,
Mr. SARGENT. I understand that the
bill relates only to the collection of the tax on
fermented liquors. I withdraw the request
for the reading of the bill.
Mr, WOOD. I do not feel inclined to vote
