2032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
expense in collecting the duty except the sim-
ple cost of weighing. They go to the Govern-
ment storehouses, and there they remain.
Now, I appeal to the Senate whether it is
not advisable for us to have as much lee-way
as possible when we approach the subject of
internal taxes, because there I desire to see as
large a reduction as is practicable. If, there-
fore, the Senate are willing to leave the duties
on tea and coffee at one half the present rates,
which are only two thirds of the rates of two
years ago, we shall then have reduced the du-
ties all round $22,000,000, and left a margin
of some twenty-eight or thirty million dollars
to reduce internal raxes. That, I think, is the
sensible course; but if the Senate are bent
upon repealing the duties on tea and coffee,
then the better way, it seems to me, would be
for the Senator from Maine to offer his amend-
ment as an independent section, without refer-
ence to the first section of the House bill,
leaving that to be determined afterward. As
a matter of course, if the section is adopted
in the form in which it now stands, it will
supersede and involve necessarily the striking
out of the first section as sent to us by the
House. If it is voted down, then he can offer
hie proposition again with the tea and coffee
tax in it.
Mr. IIAMLIN. I want to inquire of the
Senator, suppose I should offer it as an inde-
pendent section at the end of the bill 
Mr. SHERMAN. To come in after the
first section?
Mr. HAMLIN. Well, after the first section;
and to show what a position it would place us
in, I will assume that the Senate would agree
to it; how would it then appear? The first
section would state distinctly that tea and
coffee are oil the free list and that the law shall
go into effect 011 a certain day, and then the
next section would say that they are on the
taxable list at ten aud two cents a pound,
respectively.
Mr. SHERMAN". Undoubtedly it would
involve another motion; otherwise,"you get in
this complication. When you make a motion
to strike out and insert, which is indivisible,
you create a difficulty. If the Senator has
made up his mind to put a reasonable.tax 011
tea and coffee in connection with a reduced
tax on those other articles, as an independent
proposition I think it will get more votes, be-
cause everybody will understand it precisely.
1 hat will get at it undoubtedly without the
motion of the Senator from Maine, to-strilce out
the first section. I wanttogetat it iiiany way
that is the shortest.
Mr. STEWART. I think this question is
plain enough. I should like to have a vote on
the motion of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the Senate will not
retrace its steps in having made tea and coffee
free. I believe we shall have great difficulty
in satisfying the country that there is any
necessity for retracing our action on that sub-
ject. The only reason that is given for it
is that we cannot afford to dismiss so much
revenue.
The Senator from Ohio says that the second
section of the bill, as amended by the motion
of the Senator from New Jersey, will still take
from the revenue $6,774,000. 1 undertook to
show the Senate the other day from official
data that the reduction of ten per cent, upon
the duties affected by that section would not
reduce the revenue one dollar. I am satisfied
of that fact. It was again very forcibly stated
this afternofm by the Senator from New York,
and I am sure this $6,774,000 may be dis-
missed entirely from the calculation as to how
much the revenue is to be diminished by this
tariff. Taking out that item, it would leave all
these reductions amounting simply to about
twenty-two million dollars. Then, limiting
our reduction to $50,000,000 in the aggre-
gate, it would leave $28,000,000 t > be applied
to the reduction of internal revenue taxes. I
ain sure none of these reductions will make
as much diminution in the revenue as we cal-
culate. I would not be afraid myself to make
a nominal reduction of $65,000,000, because
I believe even if we were to make what would
be considered a nominal reduction of $65,-
000,000 it would not really amount to more
than fifty millions. I am not, therefore, to be
deterred in keeping tea and coffee upon the
free list by the fear that we shall take off too
much revenue.
As I had occasion to say the other day, if
by any miscalculation or error upon our part
we should.reduce five or ten millions below
the point that would still enable us to pay fifty
millions annually in the reduction of the debt,
there is a surplus of $80,000,000 of coin in
the Treasury from which the small deficit
could be taken without 'injury to the nation,
and perhaps from which it ought to be taken
anyhow ; so that no injury, no embarrassment,
no loss, can result to the Government, even
should there be a diminution of five or ten
millions of revenue below the point we want
to reduce it. But I believe no such diminu-
tion will take place. I support all of these
sections, because I believe the condition of
the Treasury is such that we can sustain the
diminution of the revenue that will be occa-
sioned by all of them. I hope the Senate will
stand fast by free tea and coffee.
Mr. ANTHONY. I want somelight on this
subject. I am very much embarrassed how to
vote. I voted for free tea and coffee, and I
confess I so voted, for that fell and wicked pur-
pose which has been so much denounced by
some gentlemen on this floor, that I desired to
strike out the second section ofthebill. I pre-
fer that the duties should be raised on articles
which compete with our industry rather than
upon those that do not. If the repeal of the
duties upon tea and coffee is antagonized with
the repeal of internal revenue taxes, then I
prefer that the duties should be upon tea and
coffee, for I think the internal revenue taxes
are the first taxes that we should now repeal.
If tea and coffee can be left free, and we can
still safely repeal the internal taxes, then I
wish to add tea and coffee to the free list.
Mr. MORTON. I bel ieve they can.
Mr. ANTHONY. .1 have very great diffi-
culty in knowing how.to vote. If some gen-
tleman who knows will tell me I will follow
his direction. [Laughter.] .
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
motion of the Senator from Maine to strike
out the first section of the House bill and in-
sert the first section of the amendment re-
ported by the Committee 011 Finance, the Sen-
ator from Vermont, modifies his amendment to
that amendment by moving to strike out from
the first section of the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance the words :
On teas of all kinds, ten cents per pound.
On coffee of all kinds, two cents per pound.
And to insert:
Excepting teas of all kinds and coffee of all
kinds, which shall .after the 1st day of July, 1872, be
admitted free of duty.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire, before that motion
is put, to modify my amendment. In the
twelfth line I move to strike out "ten" and
insert "eight," so as to make the duty on
tea eight cents a pound, and in the next line,
to strike out "two " and insert " one and one
half, so as to make the duty 011 coffee one
and one half cent a pound.
Mr. EDMUNDS. .We have had the yeas
and nays on that question already.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will modify the amend-
ment I have offered in that way by putting the
duty at eight cents on tea and a cent and a
half on coffee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not object to my
friend making the modification whether it is
in order or not; but still I insist on my amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
does not object to the modification?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Otherwise there
might be some misapprehension in regard to
the fact. Although strictly, perhaps, it might
not be entertained, the Senator from Maine
with the consent of the Senate modifies his
amendment, so that if his proposition prevails
the duty on tea will be eight cents and on
coffee one and one half cents per pound, pend-
ing yehich the Senator from Vermont has
offered an amendment to the amendment to
strike out and insert what has been read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCO J'T. Let me understand the exact
effect of this vote. If that is adopted, then
those of us who wish to have free tea and
coffee will be compelled, in order to get them,
to vote for every other item that is contained
in that first section.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; not by any
means. It will still be open to amendment;
you can strikeout what you will ; and if after
that Senators do not like the thing as it is left
and vote it down, you still have free tea and
coffee. It only puts tea and coffee where they
are safe in either event.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the effect of it if the Senate does not
object. 'The pending proposition, the first
section of the bill, is free tea and coffee alone.
If the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont should prevail, and the amendment of
the Senator from Maine should thereby he
modified,_ the question will recur whether the
Senate will strike out free tea and coffee and
insert reductions iu coal, salt, potatoes, hides,
lumber, &c., in addition to free tea and coffee.
That will be the effect of the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont if it should pre-
vail.
Mr. MORTON. If that amendment fails
it leaves the bill as it is now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it fails it will
leave free tea and coffee as they are now.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood the modi-
fication of the Senator from Maine, reducing
the duty on tea to eight cents and on coffee
to one ceni and a half per pound, had been
adopted as though he had made it when he
first offered his amendment. Now. what the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont is
to operate upon, if it operates at all, is upon
that amendment of the Senator from Maine
embodied in this bill.
J he VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Maine has not yet been
adopted by the Senate; but he has modified
his amendment by making the duty 011 tea
eight cents and on coffee one and a half cents.
I hat modification has not been adopted by a
vote of the Senate; he made it as a modifica-
tion of his amendment.
u ^a' Let me say one word to
the.Senator from California. The amendment
which I introduced by the consent of the Sen-
ate has been modified by me so that as it now
stands tea is at eight cents and coffee at one
and a half cents ; but the Senator from Ver-
mont now moves to strike that out. That is
the state of the question.
Mr. CONKLING-. I want to make a slight
contribution of my understanding also. Stat-
mg this case in another way, it is this: the
Finance Committee reported a schedule to dis-
miss a certain total of taxes, and they distrib-
uted the reduction over a considerable num-
ber of articles, taking off a part of the duty 011
each and leaving a part. The Senate, over-
riding the committee, at once struck off the
whole duty from tea and coffee. That made
a single rebate, first stated at $19,000,000,
afterward at $16,500,000. Now, the Senator
rom Maine, wishing to add the partial reduc-
tions originally proposed by tile Finance Com
mittee, upon the idea that tea and coffee were
to continue to pay some duty like the rest of
e articles named, does not try the sense of
senate by offering his amendment merely,
