11872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2929
question where woods are destroyed by fire or
other accidental cause.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the amendment will be adopted.
There being no objection, the amendment
was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Lowe, to strike out the first two sections
of the bill.
The motion was not agreed to, there being—
ayes thirty-seven, noes not counted.
Mr. HOAR. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.^
The question being taken on agreeing to
the motion, there were—ayes forty-four, noes
not counted.
Mr. TAPFE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas anfl nays were not ordered.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred on ordering the
bill as amended to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
seventy-three, noes not counted.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
The question then recurred on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. KING called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—-yeas 81, nays 87, not voting
72 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Banks, Barnum, Beck, Bell,
*Binffhain, Bird. Buckley, Burdett, Koderick 11. But-
ler, Caldwell, Conger, Coimer, Critcher, Crossland,
Duel!, Farnsworth, Furweil, Ilenry D. Foster, Greta,
Gollnday, Griffith, Haldexnnn, Ilambleton, Harmer,
Harper, ilawley, Gerry W. Hazclton. John W.
Hazelton, Herndon, HiJl, Holman. Hooper, Kellev,
Kerr, Killinger, Lamison, Lamport, McClelland,
McJunkin, McKinuey, McNeely. Merriam, Benja-
min F. Meyers, Leonard Myers, Nibiack, Packard,
Packer. Peck, Eli Perry, Poland, Potter, Price,
Pi-indie, Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Ro-
gers, Roosevelt, Sargent, Seeley, Sessions,^Shanks,
Sherwood, Slocum, Slo^s, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague,
Stevenson, Storm. Sutherland, iSwann, Terry,Dwight
Townsend.Tuthil], Vaughan, Voorhees,Whitthoriie,
Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Winches-
ter, and Young—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Arthur, Arcrill,
Barber, Beveridse, Austin Blair, James G. Blair,
Boles. Braxton, George M. Brooks, Buffinton, Burch-
ard, Benjamin I*1. Butler, William X. Clark, Cobb,
Coburn, Ooghlan, Comingo, Creely, Davis Dawes,
Donnan, Dunnell, Eaines, Eldredge, Elliott, Fink-
eluburg,Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Handley,
IJavens, Hay, Hereford, Hibbard, Iioar, Houghton,
Kellogg, Kendall, Keicham. King, Lewis, Lowe,
Maynard, McCormick, McOrary, MeGrew. Mc-
lleury, Mclntyre, Mercur, Mitchell, Monroe, Morey,
Morphis, Negloy, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C.
Parker. Perce. Peters, Ramey, Rend, Edward Y.
Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Rusk, Shoemaker,
Slater, ii. Boardman Smith, John a, Smith, Worth-
ingron C. ISmith, R. Milton Speer, Stevens. Stougli-
ton,Taife, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner,
Twichcll, Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Wakeman,
Wallace. Whiteley, and Wiilard—87.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ames, Archer, Barry,
Beatty, Bigby, Biggs, Bright, James Brooks, Camp-
bell, Carroll, Freeman Clarke, Cotton, Cox, Crebs,
Crocker. DarraJl. De Lar#e, Dickey,Dox, Du Bose,
Duke, Ely, Forker, Charles Foster, Garrett. Good-
rich, XIalc, Ilalsey, Hancock. Hanks, George E. Har-
ris, John T. Harris, Hays, Kinsella, Lansing, Leach,
Lynch, Manson. Marshall, McKee, Merrick, Moox-e,
Morgan, Orr, Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Por-
ter, Randall, Robinson, Sawyer, Scolield, Sheldon,
bhellabarger, Shober, Snapp, Snyder, Starkweather,
otowell. Strong, St. John.Sypher, Waddell, Walden,
Waldron, Walls, Warren, Wells, Wheeler, Williams
otNew York, John T. Wilson, and Wood—72.
So the bill was not passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF BRITISH COUNTER CASE.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Foreign Affairs
the following resolution; which was referred
under the law to the Committee on Printing:
Hesolved by the ffouse. of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed twenty-two
thousand copies of the message of the President, of
42D Cong. 2DSESS.—No. 184.
April 28,18/2, transmitting, in answer to a resolu -
tion of the House, the British counter case under the
treaty of Washington, and ten thousand copies of
the volumes of appendix accompanying the ease
presented on the part of the Government of her
Britannic Majesty; four thousand copies of the
ease for the use of the Senate, and fifteen thou-
sand for the use of the House; and three thousand
copies of the appendix for the use of the Senate and
seven thousand for the use of the House.
CKNMNNIAL INTKttNATIONAL EXHIBITION
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I desire, on
behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
to give a notice in relation to a bill (H. R.
No. 2G18) relative to the centennial interna-
tional exhibition to be held in the city of
Philadelphia, State of Pennsylvania, in the
year 1876, which was yesterday referred to
that committee with instructions.
Mr. Speaker, the Committee on Foreign
Affairs requests the delegation from the sev-
eral States to present to the committee before
ten o'clock Thursday morning the names of
two persons from each congressional district
under the apportionment of the Forty-Third
Congress, and four from the State at large, and
the delegates from each Territory to furnish
the names of two persons for each Territory,
to be inserted as corporators of the ''centen-
nial board of finance," provided fur by the
bill referred to the committee "relative to the
centennial international exhibition to be held
in the city of Philadelphia, State of Pennsyl-
vania, in the year 1876." The h.imes thus
presented will be reported as corporators by
the committee without revision. If the repre-
sentation is increased by the new apportion-
ment, the delegations will report names for
additional members.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I now demand the
the regular order of business.
Mr. BANKS. It is understoood that the
names in the bill as referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs will be stricken out, unless
gentlemen choose to reserve them, and those
presented to the committee by members of the
House will be reported in substitution for
those names in the bill, unless, as I have said,
they are reserved.
MKSSiAGK ifltOM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Babcock, one of
his Secretaries, notifyingthe House that he had
approved and signed bills of the following
titles;
An act (H. R. No. 1866) for the relief of
Mrs. Frances A. McKinney; and
An act (H. it. No 1657) to amend seetion
two act of August 30, 185:2, in relation to the
transportation and exportation of imported
goods, wares, and merchandise in bonds
through certain ports in the State of Texas.
OltUBR OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to take up the tariff and internal reve-
nue bill.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to give a notice to
the House.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I demand the regu-
lar order of business.
Mr. CONGER rose.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business having been called for, nothing is in
order except the question on the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the tariff bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Sco-
FIELD in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to reduce
duties on imports and to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has not acted in accordance with
his promise to me.
Mr. DAWES. Gentlemen all around the
House called for the regular order of busi ness,
and of course I could not give the gentleman
unanimous consent. Let the gentleman give
his notice now.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Chairman, I have no
objection to giving notice now. I will do now
what I ought to have had the approval of doing
before the House went into committee 
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I call for the regular
order of business, and object to anything
else.
Mr. CONGER. I should like to know from
whom objection comes.
The CHAIRMAN. It comes from members
to the right of the House.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I object, and call
for the regular order of business.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS addressed the com-
mittee in remarks which will appear in the
Appendix.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, I do not pro-
pose to make what is usually called a tariff
speech ; that subject has been discussed and
rediscussed until it is threadbare. To say
nothing of the great debates in former days,
since I have been in Congress my friend and
colleague on the Committee of Ways and
Means [Mr. Brooks] has exhibited the con-
tents of his peddler's wagon to the country
until they are familiar to all. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] has portrayed
in colors I could not imitate the oppressions
heaped on the tax ridden farmer. My col-
league on the committee [Mr. Kerr] has ex-
posed and laid bare the sophisms of pro-
tection. My colleague from Kentucky [Mr.
crosslajfd] has set forth with great ability
the oppressions of the present system of tariff
extortion. The gentlemen from Missouri and
Illinois [Messrs. Finkblnbubs and Bdrchard]
and others, have with reason, philosophy, and
fact shown how the great agricultural interests,
as well as the labor of the country everywhere,
have been trampled m the dust to build up and
enrich a few favored interests, until it seems
to me that the necessity of revenue reform
and a withdrawal of the outrageous protection
now existing has been made clear to the plain-
est understanding. I shall therefore speak to
the merits of the several bills now pending
and do what little I can to make available the
relief which it is possible now to obtain, rather
than theorize about free trade and protection,
or seek to make a parade of what little I know
as to the true principles which ouijht to regulate
the collection of customs duties and internal
revenue taxation.
Everybody knows and everybody admits
that the only legitimate power Government has
to take from the citizen the proceeds of his
labor is to obtain the means required to
maintain and support the machinery necessary
to protect life, liberty, and property within its
jurisdiction. When money is extorted from
one citizen to enrich another, and when still
more is taken, after the first is misapplied, to
maintain wasteful and corrupt expenditures by
Government officials, the legitimate ends of
republican rule are overthrown, and Govern-
ment becomes an engine of oppression instead
of a shield and protection to the citizen.
It is haidly necessary to set forth the differ-
ence between a revenue and a protective tariff,
which may be briefly stated thus: a revenue
tariff seeks to put. the largest amount of money
into the Treasury that can be obtained with? the
least possible cost beyond the increase of price,
which must necessarily be paid in order to
obtain the sum which the Treasury receives.
A protective tariff', on the other hand, seeks
by taxation to diminish or exclude the import-
ation of the protected articles from foreign
countries, and thus enables the home pro-
ducer to charge the home consumer the price
it would cost in foreign countries, with the
tariff tax added, and pocket the whole in-
creased charge himself. When the tax imposed
is prohibitory no revenue is obtained; whea
