1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20S&
but lie puts in tea and coffee again, and then
the Senator from Vermont proposes an amend-
ment, which, if it prevails, takes out tea and
coffee; and the Senate is brought to a vote
upon two propositions inconsistent with each
other. The Senate is brought to a vote upon
the question whether it will take the schedule
of the Committee on Finance after one single
reduction has entirely swept away the basis
of that schedule.
I submit that the fair way is to vote upon the
amendment of the Senator from Maine as a
whole, which puts eight cents on tea and one
and a half cents on coffee, and which distrib-
utes relatively the other reductions. That is
fair. It presents the plan proposed by the
committee. The only tendency of the motion
of the Senator from Vermont is to get the bene-
fit of free tea and coffee in order to carry an
amendment which is not consistent with free
tea and coffee. I am willing, for one, to stand
by free tea and coffee. I am willing to accept
it. Therefore I shall vote against the amend-
ment to the amendment. I shall vote to keep
tea and coffee in the amendment at eight cents
on the one and one and a half cents on the
other, so as to take the sense of the Senate
upon the whole proposition as reported by the
Finance Committee, but I shall vote against
the amendment of the Senator from Maine.
That will leave tea and coffee free as they are
now, and it will leave the duties as they are
now upon the rest of the schedule which the
Senator from Maine has carried into his amend-
ment. So that nothing need be inferred of
hostility to tea and coffee from my position on
the present question, and I make these remarks
to explain my vote. I wish to file a caveat
against being placed with those who wish to
tax tea and coffee. I shall vote against the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont, be-
cause it enables us more fairly to express our-
selves
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator a
question ?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask him, if he
is really in favor of free tea and coffee, and if
it should happen that the amendment of the
Senator from Maine, without the one now pro-
posed by me, should be adopted, where his
free tea and coffee would be then?
Mr. CONKLING. I am very ready to an-
swer my honorable friend. I am not so much
in favor of free tea and coffee that I am ready
to run a muck on the tariff question and pile
on one reduction after another, until next week
we find ourselves bound hand and foot upon
an internal revenue bill.
I am for free tea and coffee if we can have
them without sacrificing everything else. I
want no more income tax; I want no more
internal taxes of any sort that we can spare,
for they are more hateful to the people and
more injurious than any duties we have, even
the duties on tea and coffee. I will vote for
free tea and coffee as long as I can do so without
committing suicide in regard to more import-
ant matters. If we are to have this amendmfent
and take tea and coffee out, so as to leave them
free, and thus give the Senator from Maine a
better chance for his amendment as to the res-
idue, and thus he carries it, by just so much
we are to be stinted in dismissing internal
taxes. Do not all see this ?
I am willing to run the risk of putting eight
cents a pound on tea .and one and a hall'cents
on coffee, with the residue of this amendment,
because I have the record of the Senate before
me twice or thrice, showing that the votes
• cannot be found to carry such a proposition.
I have "assurance double sure" upon that;
and therefore I wish "to kill two birds with
one stone," to keep tea and coffee free, and
also to hold in hand the opportunity of dis-
missing internal taxes without being confronted
with statements showing that we cannot dis-
miss more taxes without leaving a deficit in
the Treasury.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 128.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I suggest to my
friend that it was only yesterday he would,
have us believe we could dispense with, I
believe, sixty-five millions?
Mr. MORTON. And sixty-two millions to-
day.
Mr. CONKLING. Not sixty-five millions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the record will
show it.
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir.
Mr. E D MUNDS. How much, then ?
Mr. CONKLING. Fifty-five million.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then let me suggest to
him, according to the very statement which is
made by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, we can have free tea and coffee on
this bill as he proposes, and still take off all
the internal revenue taxes that ought to be
taken off, and not go d wn to the margin.
Mr. CONKLING. ' Does my friend's arith-
metic teach him that, if in the mean time we
add reductions one after another ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. My arithmetic does not
so teach me. The Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Scott,] who states things with as much
clearness as most men, giive to-day the items,
which amounted to sixty-two million and a
fraction upon a basis of reduction less than
that which the Senator from Vermont is now
going to bring within fifty-five million.
Let me tell the Senator where he and I differ.
I have no fear of voting to dismiss fifty-five
million of taxes. I have no fear to-day of
voting to dismiss sixty million, although I did
not say that yesterday. I do not want to be
tied to that as the precise sum, though such is
my understanding now.
But, sir, the Senator does not count rapidly
enough to keep up with the additions of reduc-
tions proposed as we go on. Tea and coffee
make sixteen and a half millions; Senators
allow eight millions—I do not, I admit it all—
for the ten per cent, reduction. The free
list and various other items are to be added,
and now we are asked to carry in another
reduction of four millions. I do not stop to
count it up precisely. Suffice it to say that
it goes beyond the bound inside of which we
must keep to make sure of being able to do
what we have said should be done touching
internal taxes. We have said, I have said,
for one, for more than a year, for eighteen
months, that I hoped the President would
recommend the dismissal of every internal tax
except that on malt and spirituous liquors,
on tobacco, and perhaps stamps. I wish he
had so recommended last year.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And all taxes on banking?
Mr. CONKLING. I mean that we could
have spared taxes on banking, and taxes on
everything else included in my remark. Had
the casting vote been mine twelve months ago,
the income tax and every other tax of an in-
ternal nature, except on malt and spirituous
liquors, tobacco, and perhaps stamps, would
have gone; I would thus have disbanded that
army of revenue collectors who, we are told,
eat out the substance of the people. I will put
into the estimate the tax on banks along with
the tax on gross receipts which by the vote of
a majority of this body was dismissed some-
time ago, at the same time that we retained
taxes, in my judgment, of greater hardship.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not by my vote.
Mr. CONKLING. No, Ibelievemy honor-
able friend did not vote for repealing the tax
on gross receipts. However, do not let us get
off on that. At this late hour I would not
detain the Senate.
I speak now only to the point of keeping
the staff in our hand in reference to internal
revenue reductions ; and I say the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Thurmax] and no other man,
free-trader, Democrat, or anybody else, has
pointed out or can point out anything in our
customs revenue system so odious to the peo-
ple, and so justly odious as the internal taxes.
I say, down with internal war taxes, and tea
and coffee will not go free by my vote at the
expense of maintaining the internal revenue
establishment as it is.
I shall vote now to make tea and coffee
free, and take the sense of the Senate, if I
can, upon the residue of the amendment of
the Senator from Maine. If it prevails, so
be it. Tea and coffee must share the fate
of other things if general distribution is to
be made, and I will not vote to strike tea
and coffee out of the amendment in order to
give the amendment a double chance, and to
render its adoption inconsistent with the gen-
eral plan of reduction.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, I thinkthe debate
on the subject in the Senate to-day has illus-
trated the truth of the divine maxim, that it is
hard to serve two masters. Those of us who
are compelled to choose here between the
tariff duties and the internal revenue system
are somewhat perplexed to know how to
approach the one lest we may damage the
other seriously. Henee I ventured to suggest
the other day, with the utmost humility, to
gentlemen whom I knew to be much wiser on
these subjects than I claim to be myself, that
I thought it would be well, if it was seriously
their purpose 'to reduce the internal revenue
system by getting rid of as many taxes as pos-
sible there, to begin with that system and not
precipitate themselves into a tariff bill, and go
blundering in the dark, striking off, reducing
one large amount, and another, and another,
until after awhile we shall find ourselves,
having perfected the bill, and, if perchance it
should be passed in the other House, without
an opportunity of making any revision what-
ever of the internal revenue system.
Let us be cautious. Is it not worthy the
attention of careful legislators? If, indeed, it
be really of the importance that it seems to be,
I think we should lay aside this tariff bill and
take up a bill on the subject of reducing the
internal taxes, and perfect that before we go
further with this measure. I think the best
evidence of an earnest desire to reduce inter-
nal taxes would be the adoption of that course.
It depends very much upon the Senator which
he prefers to reduce, the internal taxes or the
external imposts. For my own part, for rea-
sons heretofore offered, and forreasons offered
by others, if compelled to select from which I
will make the greatest reduction, I will take
the internal revenue system. If forced to the
alternative of taking one as it is and of making,
reductions upon the other, I would leave the
tariff as it now stands, and resort to a reduc-
tion of the internal revenue system. There-
fore, if Senators are really in earnest on this
subject, let them exhibit that earnestness by
laying aside the tariff bill and taking up a bill
that will have the effect of reducing internal
taxes, and let us see how far we can progress
in that direction.
It is suggested to me that there is uo bill
of that sort before us; but I think it is time
we had one before us, and it would not take
long for the Committee on Finance to make
one and present it to us.
But here we are now considering this bill,
and it is objected that if we make tea and cof-
fee free nearly seventeen millions will be
deducted from the revenue ou those two arti-
cles, and that if we include some other arti-
cles on which we raise a few millions more
we shall not be able to make any reduction
of the internal taxes.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Will the Sena-
tor from Georgia yield to amotion to adjourn.'
It is very evident that we cannot get through
i to-night.
I Mr. HILL. In a very few moments 1 will.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Will the Sen-
ator yield to me when he gets through to
make that motion?
Mr. HILL. Yes, sir. I gave my promise to
sit here, in the hope that we had passed the
crisis in regard to tea and coffee. 1 pledged
myself to gentlemen who felt a deep anxiety
