1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-3825
for a bill which I have not heard read. I
renew the demand.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
Mr. WOOD. If we can have a clear and
distinct explanation of the provisions of the
bill, I shall not detain the House by insisting
on its being read at length.
Mr. FINKELNBUKGr. As I said before,
the bill make no change in the rate of taxa-
tion. It makes some changes in 'the manner
of collection. For instance, it changes the
entries which brewers are to make on their
books. The change is made with the approval
of the Revenue Bureau. It makes a change in
llie manner of removing beer from the brewery
to the brewery warehouse under a permit sys-
tem which prevents frauds better than the
present system. It makes some changes in
the manner of selling beer by one brewer to
another, and in one or two otherminor details
which I do not now call to mind. I will state
to the gentleman from New York that the bill
meets with the approval of the brewers them-
selves, of the revenue department, and of
every member of the Committee of Ways and
Means ; it is a unanimous report.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FlNKELNBURG moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
public buildings at atlanta.
Mr. SESSIONS. I move to suspend the
rules and to pass a bill, which I am instructed
by the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds to report, for a public building at
Atlanta, Georgia.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to cause to be constructed a
suitable building at Atlanta, Georgia, for the
accommodation of the United States courts
and post office and other Government offices,
and to cause to be procured an eligible site
for the same; the lots and buildings when
completed not to exceed a cost of $100,000.
None of the money appropriated under the
bill is to be available until a valid title to
the site shall be vested in the United States,
and until the Slate of Georgia shall duly re-
linquish juiisdiction over the same, and the
light to tax or otherwise assess the said prop-
erly while in the possession of the United
Slates.
The question was taken upon Mr. Sessions'
motion ; and (two thirds voting in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended, and the bill (H. R.
N o. 2880) was passed.
public buildings at bath, maine.
Mr. 0111!. On behalf of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds I move that
the rules be suspended and that the bill (E. R.
No. 902) making an appropriation for repairs,
furnishing, and ornamentation of the United
Slates custom-house and post office at Bath,
Maine, be passed.
The bill was re&d. It appropriates $5,000
for repairs, furnishing, and heating the United
States custom-house and post office at Bath,
Maine, and for grading the grounds around
the said building, the money to be expended
in accordance with existing law.
The question was taken upon Mr. Okr's
motion; and (twothirdsvotinginfavorthereof)
the bill was passed.
public buildings at utica.
Mr. OUR. I am also directed by the Com-
mittee oil Public Buildings and Grounds to
move that the rules be suspended and the
bill (S. No. 870) to provide for a building
for the use of the post office, United States
circuitand district courts, andinternal revenue
offices at Ulica, New York, be passed.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to cause to be constructed a
4^d Coxa. 2r> Srss.—No. 240.
suitable building with fire-proof vault, extend-
ing to each story, at Utica, New York, for the
accommodation of the post office, United
States circuit and district courts, and internal
revenue offices, and for other purposes; and
appropriates the sum of $200,000, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, who shall cause proper plans
and estimates to be made, so that no expendi-
ture shall be made or authorized for the full
completion of the building and payment for
the site beyond the amount appropriated. It
provides further that none of the mouey ap-
propriated shall be used or applied until a
valid title to the land for the site of the build-
ing shall be vested in the United States, nor
until the State of New York shall duly re-
lease and relinquish to the United States the
right to tax or otherwise assess said site, or
the property thereon, during the time the
United States shall be or remain the owner
thereof.
The question was put; and (two thirds voting
in favor thereof) the rules were suspended, and
the bill was passed.
order op uubiness.
The SPEAKER. The House on Friday
last, by unanimous consent, gave the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia tho same rights
to-day from two o'clock p. m. that it would
have bad on that day if it had not yielded for
other business. Tlie hour of two o'clock hav-
ing arrived, reports are in order from that com-
mittee, and the chairman of the committee,
tho gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. Stark-
weather,] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will yield for
a moment to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Hooper.]
mints and assay offices.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I am
instructed by the Committee on Coinage,
Weights, and Measures to move a substitute
for House bill No. 1427, revising and amend-
ing the laws relative to the mints, assay
offices, and coinage of the United States,
and to move to suspend the rules and pass
the substitute for the bill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. If this long bill
is to be read and discussed, I cannot yield.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I do not
think it will occasion any discussion, or take
any time.
Mr. POTTER. I entirely disagree with the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper.]
It will take considerable time.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I cannot yield
for that bill.
Mr. BliATTY. I ask the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather] to yield to
me to make some reports from tbe Committee
on Printing.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will yield if
they give rise to no debate.
geneva arbitration.
Mr. BEATTY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing to report back, with-
out recommendation, two resolutions which
were referred to the committee.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Unsolved by the lf<>u.:«> of RefiffnentniiueH, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) Xh.it there be printed twenty-two
thousand copies of the case presented on the part of
the Government ot her Britannic Majesty to the
tribunal of arbitration constituted under article one
of the treaty concluded at Washington o-n the8th
of May, 187J, between her Britannic Majesty and
tbe United States of America; seven thousand of
which shall be for the use of the Senate, and fifteen
thousand lor the use of the House.
Jiesolved bv the liuusc of Jtepreiefitutives, (the Sen-
ate concurring.) That there be printed twenty-two
thousand copies ot the message of the President of
April 26. 1872, transmitting, m answer to a josolu-
tion of the [louse. I he Uritish counter case under
the treaty of Washington, and of said counter ease;
and ten thousand copies of the \oIuuie of appendix
accompanying Iliocase presented on the p.iri of the
Government of her Britannic M.ijesty; seven thou-
sand copies of the oase tor the use of tne Senate, and
fifteen thousand for the use of the House ; and throo
thousand copies of the appendix for the use of the
Senate, and seven thousand for the use of the
House.
The resolutions were adopted.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were adopted; and
also moved that tho motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Con-
necticut, [Mr. Starkweather,] the chairman
of the Committee for the District of Columbia,
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. L. MYERS. I ask unanimous consent
that the session of Monday evening next may
be assigned to the consideration of reports
from the Committee on Patents.
Mr. DAWES. I object.
Mr. L. MYERS. It is for public business,
as much so as any report from any commit-
tee. I move to suspend the rules for the put-
pose I have indicated.
message i'rom tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of their clerks, announced that the
Senate bad agreed to the amendment of the
House to a bill of the Senate of the follow-
ing title:
A bill (S, No. 854) for the relief of certain
officers o-l' tbe Navy.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed concurrent resolutions of the
House, as follows:
A coiicuirent, resolution to print extra copies
of the annual report of the Commissioner of
Agriculture for 1871 ;
A concurrent resolution to print extra copies
of the second volume of the report of the Com-
missioner of on Education ; and
A concurrent resolution to print, extra copies
of Professor Hayden's annual report for 1871
of the United Slates geological survey of the
Territories.
The message further announced that the
Senate had disagreed to the amendments of
the House to the concurrent resolution of the
Senate to print additional copies of tbe Smith-
sonian report for 1871.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, and requested the con-
currence ot the House in a resolution to print
extra copies of maps of the survey of the
upper Mississippi and Minnesota rivers.
The message further announced that the
Senate bad agreed to the report of tbe com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on tho bill (II. R. No. 1070)
making appropriations for the service of tho
Post Office Department for the year ending
June 30, 1873, and had further insisted upon
its eighth amendment to the said bill, upon
which the committee of conference had been
unable to agree, and asked a further confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. win-
do.m of Minnesota, Mr. Fenton of New York,
and Mr. Hamilton of Maryland as the con-
ferees on the part, of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
Seriate had insisted upon its amendments
disagreed to by the House to tbe bill of the
House No. 2044, to authorize the appoint-
ment of shipping commissioners by the several
circuit courts of the United States to superin-
tend the shipping and discharge of seamen
engaged in the merchant ships belonging to
the United States, and for the further protec-
tion of seamen ; had agreed to the conference
asked by the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Buckingham, Mr. Chandler, and Mr.
Viokers, as tbe conferees on the part of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the
Senate had insisted upon its amendment dis-
agreed to by the House to the bill (H. R. No.
1535) to abolish the tribal relations of the
Miami Indians, and lor other purposes; and
