1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
from Indiana shall have been acted upon ; but
it can be read now for information.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion at present is on the amendment of the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.]
Mr SUMNER. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question on that amendment?
Mr. HILL. Before the vote is taken on
that proposition I beg to say to the Senate that
I should regret exceedingly to see this meas-
ure, matured with so much care in the House
of Representatives, and How at last brought
before the Senate for consideration, overlaid
with amendments which are not germane to its
provisions, and thereby defeated. I certainly
would not insinuate that it is the purpose of
any Senator on the floor by offering amend-
ments to defeat this great measure. I char-
acterize it as a great measure because of the
belief I have that it is to effect great conse-
quences.
Why, sir, gentlemen who do not live in the
section of country that is affected materially
by it cannot, possibly know as well as some
of us do the grievances of hundreds of worthy
men, who had little or no part in the rebel-
lion, who were valuable officers before it
commenced, but by reason of having taken
almost a coerced part, though perhaps to be
denominated voluntary in a strict legal sense,
are now excluded from participation in the
public offices of the country. Like other
Senators here I had no sympathy, and I may
say no toleration, for the rebellion itself.
I thought it unwise; I thought, it unjust; I
even thought it was wicked; and I so charac-
terized it at the time; and the day has been
when, if left to my own single volition to say
whether so liberal an amnesty as is now pro-
posed should be granted, I should have hesi-
tated before according it, because the day has
been—I say it in justice to myself—when I
have felt more bitterly towards those who
originated the rebellion, and those who eagerly
assisted in it, than I do to-day. Time has
soothed in some degree my own feelings, as it
has toned down the feelings of others. It is
no uncommon thing in my own State for old
associates in the old Whig party of that State
to appeal to me to know how it is that I can
identify myself with a class of politicians who
exclude from participation in public affairs the
humble justice of the peace, who before the war
performed faithfully his little functions in that
office, because circumstances drove him into
the rebellion, though he believed, as i did,
that it never ought t,o have been inaugurated.
Why, sir, the Senate is aware that already
we have passed bills for the special relief
of several thousand persons. We had a bill
pending during the last Congress for the re-
lief of some four thousand individuals, many
of whose claims to it have been discussed
here. That bill lingered for a year or more,
and lingered because there were Senators 011
this floor who were resolved that no more pri-
vate bills of that character should pass, and
who intended thereby to force something
like a general bill and relieve the two Houses
of Congress of the presence of so disturbing
a subject. I think the time has arrived for
such action. The present measure is not as
liberal, perhaps, as I might desire it to be ;
certainly it is not as liberal as many other
gentlemen from the South desire ; but it is
one that has been well considered, and is well
devised. I hope that it will not be interfered
with at this late day by amendments such as
have been offered.
In regard to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Indiana, relating, I suppose, as
is hinted, to the election of a^ rather prom-
inent rebel from the Sfate of North Carolina
to a seat in this Senate, I would suggest that
it will be competent for the Senate hereafter
to judge whether or not at the timv of that
election he was eligible to a seat here, and
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—2so. 1G
that will embrace the whole legal question
that attaches to the matter. I believe he was
elected almost with unanimity by his State
Legislature; but if at the time they knew that
he was ineligible to a seat here, they con-
ferred the seat by their election cum. onere,
and it is for the Senate to determine whether
they will admit him to a seat even after we
have passed this bill, if tbey find that he was
elected with that knowledge on the part of
the Legislature.
Sir, shall we mar the beautiful record of this
great peace-offering to the country by making
a reference to one individual from North Car-
olina or from any other State? I trust not.
Let it go on the wings of the wind as a peace-
offering, coming as it does on almost the natal
day of the Saviour of the world, and let all
the people of the South feel it as an earnest
on the part of the Senate of the United States
and of the other branch of Congress of their
desire to cultivate brotherhood in the future.
Sir, I may speak ardently on this subject,
but I have been made to feel in my own State
that for the want of such a, measure I have had
less support in my principles than I otherwise
should have had. I will not stoop to argue the
measure in a party form. I will not look at
it in that aspect,, because it, really rises too
high to be thus regarded. I appeal to Sen-
ators to look at it from a higher point, of view
now, after six years of toil and affliction in this
country, with the sore remembrances of the
trials that have distressed us. Sir, yesterday
marked a period in the annals of time, when my
own State was once more welcomed into this
Hall by full representation, as it had been in the
other House of Congress. I undertake to say
that the people of Georgia are rejoicing to-day
at what was done in this Chamber yesterday,
and so handsomely and so quietly performed.
Give them this measure in addition, and it will
be worth more to them and to you than the
most vigilant, Ku Ivlux committee that you
can send to the State.
Sir, I had not thought of saying anything on
this bill. I had hoped that by common con-
sent it would be promptly passed almost as
soon as it was taken up. I do trust that no
great measure about which there is such con-
trariety of opinion as there is in regard to the
measure proposed as an amendment by the
distinguished Senatorfrom Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumner] will be pressed upon the attention of
the Senate. I undertake to say that if it, is
we may bid farewell to this bill for days, nay,
for weeks, it may be for months to cotne, and
perhaps forever. For, however well intended,
the Senator's proposition will necessarilyelicit
a great deal of debate, and it can be considered
as well upon its own merits as to be coupled with
a measure of amnesty, where he now proposes
to append it. At the proper time 1 shall be
prepared, I trust, to point out to the Senator
reasons on my own part why I think his meas-
ure impracticable, even if it, be proper; but
"sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof,"
and I hope that neither of the amendments, as
they come up in order, will be adopted by the
Senate.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to ask the Chair
whether it is in order at this point to move
to strike out all of the bill after the word
"removed,'' in the nin'h line?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ramsey
in the chair.) The Chair is of opinion that that
motion would not be in order until the pending
amendment shall have been disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. I sent to the Chair an
amendment to be read, and supposed I had
the floor when the Senator from Georgia com-
menced a speech; but I found myself super-
seded. I listened, however, with great pleasure
to the remarks of the Senator.
Mr. HILL. The Senator from Massachu-
setts will pardon me. I know his uniform
courtesy. I would not for the world have
committed such a breach of propriety as he
suggests; but I really thought the Senator
had resigned the floor, and that I was entitled
to seek it.
Mr. SUMNER. I had not; but I make no
complaint. I am very glad indeed that I
have heard the Senator, for I should like to
bring home to the Senator that nearly one
half of the people of Georgia are now
excluded from those equal rights which my
amendment proposes to secure; and yet I
understand that the Senator disregards their
condition, sets aside their desires, and pro-
poses to vote down my proposition. The
Senator assumes that the former rebels are
the only people of Georgia. Sir, I see the
colored race in Georgia. I see that race once
enslaved, for a long time deprived of all
rights, and now under existing usage and
practices despoiled of rights which the Sen-
ator himself is in the full enjoyment of.
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. HILL. I desire to say to the distin-
guished Senator that he does me injustice,
perhaps unwittingly, in saying that I limit my
vision of the people of Georgia to those who
have been rebels. I do not limit it, sir, even
to those who have white skins. I do not con-
fine it there. But the Senator will pardon me
for saying that if I understand the purport of
his bill (and I think I have some recollection
of it) I never can agree with him in the propo-
sition that if there be a hotel for the enter-
tainment of travelers, and two classes stop at
it. and there is one dining-room for one class
and one for another, served alike in ali re-
spects, with the same accommodations, the
same attention t-o the guests, there is anything
offensive or anything that denies the civil lights
of one more than the other. Nor do I hold
that if you have public schools, and you give
all the advantages of education to one class as
you do to another, but keep them separate and
apart, there is any denial of a civil right in that.
I also contend that even upon the railways
of the country, if cars of equal comfort, con-
venience, and security be provided for differ-
ent classes of persons, no one has a right to
complain if it be a regulation of the com-
panies t,o separate them I go further, and I
illustrate it by my own observation and expe-
rience : in the town in which I live the fact
bears me out that prior to the war the slave
and his master worshiped in the same church
and were members of the same congregation;
but on the motion of the former slave after the
close of the war, and with appeals to his white
friends to aid him, separate churches have been
built for the especial accommodation of the
colored people, and to-day colored ministers
in those churches serve colored congregations
to the exclusion of white ministers unless they
happen to be invited as matter of courtesy,
which is sometimes done. I take it that this
is done because the colored people prefer
having it so. I have been appealed to myself,
and I have yielded to it upon my own prem-
ises, to give to a colored congregation an acre
of ground for the erection of a church. This
is no uncommon thing with landed proprietors
in the State. It is conveyed to trustees in the
usual manner, and as long as it is occupied
for the purpose they propose, for religious
uses, and by a particular congregation, it is
theirs. Whenever they cease to occupy it in
that manner it lapses, and comes back to the
grantor.
Now, sir, there is a radical difference be-
tween the Senator from Massachusetts and
myself; it is irreconcilable. I never can see
this as the Senator sees it, and yet I think I
can safely hazard one remark by way of com-
parison with the Senator, whose humanity and
generosity are so proverbial. I believe that
the colored people who know me iu Georgia
would rely, anv of them, upon my benevolence
and sense of justice as soon as they would
upon that of the Senator, or of any other1 man
iu any portion of this country. I think 1 have
