2084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
in regard to the pending measure to stay here
and sit it out; but I see no probability of its
being perfected to-night.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I trust that the
Senator, as he has nowcompleted his sentence,
will give way.
Mr? HILL. Do not be impatient; I will
yield readily.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I move that the
Senate now adjourn.
Mr. HILL. No, sir; not without my per-
mission first. I will let you do that at the close
of my remarks, unless some Senator desires
to say something in reply; and I think I will
let you do it anyhow.
Several Senators. Let us adjourn over.
Mr. HILL. I am requested to renew the
motion which was made by the Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will require
unanimous consent, unless the Senator moves
to lay the tariff bill on the table for the pur-
pose of submitting the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to the Senate to
let us have a vote on the pending question.
We have discussed this matter thoroughly, and
know exactly how it stands.
Mr. HILL. On the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Maine?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HILL. No, sir; I propose myself to
offer at a proper time a substitute for that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be in
order after the amendment to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Vermont shall be
disposed of.
Mr. HILL. That is what I supposed. We
can vote on the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont first, and then will come the
substitute for that amendment of the Senator
from Maine which I have prepared. I will
give way new for the Senator from Michigan
to make his motion to adjourn.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. HILL. Not yet. I am urged by gen-
tlemen around me to move, for the reasons
stated by the Senator from New York to-day,
that when the Senate adjourns it adjourn to
meet on Monday next; and while I am up, I
will make that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio objects, and the motion cannot be enter-
tained while the tariff bill is pending, because
it is not amotion coming within the eleventh
rule.
Mr. HILL. For the purpose of testing the
sense of the Senate I will move to lay the
tariff bill on the table temporarily.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Georgia moves to lay the tariff bill on
the table temporarily, with a view of submit-
ting a motion that when the Senate adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. HILL. No, sir; for the purpose of
perfecting a bill in regard to internal revenue.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Georgia has stated to the Senate his
object, and the motion to lay on the table is
not debatable.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment to the amendment
offered by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. HILL. I will withdraw the latter part
of my motion, and just move to lay the tariff
bill on the table temporarily.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
the motion in that way, and the Senator lost
the floor by moving to Jay on the table. A
Senator does not lose the floor when he yields
to a motion to adjourn, but he does lose it j
when he moves to lay on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In order to test the sense
of the Senate as to adjourning over to-mor-
row^ it being Good Friday, and I should be
to adjourn over, and for that purpose
only, as my friend from Ohio will not allow
me to make the motion without, I move to
lay this bill on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. That motion has just
been made and rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was mads for the
purpose of going on with an internal rev-
enue bill.
Mr. HILL. I call for a division on that
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The motion to
lay on the table temporarily is not in order.
It must be to lay on the table; but any Sen-
ator can state that he will move to take the
bill up again, or the reason why he makes the
motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. For the sole purpose of
taking the sense of the Senate as to adjourn-
ing over, I move to lay this bill on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The motion is not debat-
able. The Senator objects, but he cannot
debate the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator makes a
speech, and then makes an undebatable mo-
tion. As a matter of course I have to submit
to the judgment of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a question of
order. I object to debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objects to debate. The Sen-
ator from Vermont moves to lay the pending
bill on the table. The Chair thinks enough
debate has intervened by the Senator from
Vermont himself to justify a renewal of the
motion. Something must have intervened,
and the Chair thinks the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Vermont sufficient to allow the mo-
tion to be renewed. It is therefore renewed,
and it is undebatable.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 23. noes 24.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment of the Senator
from Maine, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask unanimous con-
sent to put a question to the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
roll-call, the Senator from Wisconsin asks
unanimous consent to put a question. The
Chair hears no objection.
Mr. CARPENTER. I have been so much
confused by the debate on points of order, and
so much more by the information that has
recently been volunteered to me, that I want
to put a question to the Chair, an answer to
which will enlighten me. If you were here in
my place, and wanted to vote for free tea and
coffee, how would you vote? [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair
scarcely thinks that is a parliamentary ques-
tion. He will state, however, that he is for
free tea and coffee; but he does not think
that is a parliamentary question to answer.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to state that my col-
league [Mr. Cameron] is paired with the Sen-
ator from Delaware, Mr. Bayard.
Mr. BLAIR. I have been requested to
announce that the Senator from New Jersey,
Mr. Stockton, is paired with the Senator
from New Hampshire, Mr. Craoix.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senatorfrom Oregon,
Mr. Kklly, is paired witli the Seuator from
Minnesota, Mr. Ramsey.
_The result was announced—yeas 21, nays
25 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Carpenter, Clayton, Cole,
Cooper, Corbett, Edmunds, Harlan, Hill, Hitch-
cock, Howe, Morton, Norwood, Osborn, Patterson,
Robertson, Seott, Viekers, Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Blair, Boreman, Caldwell,
Uasserty, Chandler, Conkling, Davis of West Vir-
ginia, lenton, Ferry or Michigan, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamlin, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy. Sawyer,
Schurz, Sherman, Sprague, Stevenson, Trumbull,
and West—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky,
Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Johnston, Kelly,
lewis, Nye, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Saulsbury,
Speneer, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, and
Tipton—27.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
now recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Maine, to strike out the free tea and coffee
of the first section of this bill and insert the
first section of the amendment reported by the
Committee on Finance as modified by himself.
Mr. SCOTT. Although I shall vote against
this amendment, I feel it my duty to offer an
amendment which I was authorized to offer by
the Committee on Finance, to strike out from
the ninety-eighth line 
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is left out.
The Senator from Maine omitted the last three
paragraphs of this section in his amendment.
The Senator from Pennsylvania was not in his
seat at the time.
Mr. SCOTT. Is it in order to move to insert
that?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. SCOTT. Then I move to insert from
line ninety-five to line ninety-nine, with an
amendment, striking out the words " equal to
that imposed on the wire or metal of the same
gauge of which they are made," and inserting
the words " of fifty per cent, ad valorem."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator, a3 this is a distinct para-
graph, that he could move to add it if this
section offered by the Senator from Maine
should be inserted.
Mr. SCOTT. Very well; I will make the
motion afterward.
Mr. MORTON. Is it in order now to move
to make the duty upon tea five cents and upon
coffee one cent ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. MORION. I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is to amend
this amendment?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir, to amend the
amendment. It stands now at eight cents and
one and a half cents. I move to make the
duty five cents on tea and one cent on coffee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Indi-
ana, to the amendment of the Senator from
Maine.
Mr. ALCORN. Is it in order to call for a
division? I desire.to vote for striking out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to
strike out and insert is indivisible by the
twelfth rule.
Mr. ALCORN. Can I not call for a divis-
ion ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be
divided. The twelfth rule states that "on a
motion to strike out and insert, it shall not
be in order to move for a division of the
question."
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
1 he VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Maine to strike out the free tea and coffee
and insert the reduced duties upon tea, coffee,
coal, salt, &c.
Mr. COLE. I wish to move to insert in the
amendment of the Senator from Maine the
thirty-second, thirty-third, and thirty-fourth
lines, in regard to rice."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. You can do
that afterward, if this is adopted.
Mr. COLE. It might as well be voted on
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
move it afterward if this section should be
put upon the bill. He cannot change what
has been put in, but he can add to it specific
articles, or he can move the amendment now.
He has the right to do either, just as he
