1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2035
Mr. COLE. I shall reserve it.
Mr. MORTON. I think, for the informa-
tion of the Senate) this amendment ought to
be read.
Mr. CONKLING. It has been on the desk
£*01* wftpk*s
The VICE PRESIDENT. Any Senator has
a right to demand the reading of the amend-
ment before the vote is taken. The Secretary
"will report the amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
■was to strike oat the first section of the bill, in
the following words :
That on and after the 1st day of July next all tea
and coffee imported from foreign countries into the
United States shall be admitted free of du.:y ; and
that all tea and coffee which may be in public stores
or bonded warehouses on said 1st day of July next
shall not be subjected to duty upon the entry thereof
for consumption; and all tea and coffee remaining
in bonded warehouses on said 1st day of July, upon
■which the duties shall have been paid, shall be
entitled to a refund of the duties paid.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following :
That on and after the 1st day of July, A. D. 1872,
in lieu of the duties heretofore imposed by law on
the articles mentioned in this scction, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid on the goods, wares, and
merchandise in this section enumerated, imported
from foreign countries, the following duties and rates
of duty, that is to say:
On tea of all kinds, eight cents per pound;
On coffee of all kinds, one cent and one half of a
cent per pound;
On chiecory and succory roots, two cents per
pound;
On chiccory and succory roots, ground, burned, or
prepared, three cents per pound ;
On acorn coffee and dandelion root, raw or pre-
pared, and on all substitutes for coffee, two cents
per pound;
On all extracts or essences of coffee, fifty cents per
pound;
On all slack coal or culm, or such as will pass
through a five-eighth of an inch screen, twenty-five
cents per ton of twenty-eight bushels, eighty pounds
to the bushel ;
On all other bituminous coal, fifty cents per ton of
twenty-eight bushels, eighty pounds to the bushel;
On mineral and bituminous substances in a crude
state, not otherwise specifically provided for, ten
per cent, ad valorem;
On salt, in bulk, and on all rock-salt, or mineral
salt, nine cents per one hundred pounds;
On salt, in bags, sacks, barrels, or other packages,
twelve cents per one hundred pounds;
On potatoes, ten cents per bushel;
On all hides and skins, not otherwise specifically
provided for, five per cent, ad valorem ;
On all timber, sauared or sided, not otherwise
provided for, one cent per cubic loot;
On sawed boards, plank, deals, and other lumber
of spruce, hemlock, white-wood, sycamore, andbass-
wood, one dollar per thousand feet board measure ;
On all other varieties of sawed lumber, two dollars
per thousand feet board measure: Provided, That
when lumber of any sort is planed or finished, in
addition to the rates horein provided there shall be
levied and paid, for each side so planed or finished,
one dollar per thousand feet: and if planed on one
side and tongued and grooved, two dollars per thou-
sand feet; and if planed on two sides and tongued
and grooved, $2 50 per thousand feet;
On hubs for wheels, posts, last-blocks, wagon-
blocks, oar-blocks, gun-blocks, heading-blocks, and
all like blocks or sticks, rough-hewn or sawed only,
twenty per cent, ad valorem;
On pickets and palings, twenty per cent, ad valo-
rem;
Oa laths, fifteen cents per thousand pieces;
On all shingles, thirty-five cents per thousand;
On pine clapboards, two dollars per thousand ;
On spruce clapboards, $1 50 per thousand;
On house or cabinet furniture, in pieces or rough,
and not finished, thirty per cent, ad valorem ;
On cabinet wares ana house furniture, finished,
thirty-five per cent, ad valorem;
On casks and barrels, empty, and on sugar-box
shooks and packing-boxes of wood, not otherwise
provided for, thirty pei cent, ad valorem;
On fruit, shade, lawn, and ornamental trees, shrubs,
plants, and flower-seeds, not otherwise provided for,
twenty per cent, ad valorem ;
On garden-seeds and all other seeds for agricultural
and horticultural purposes, not otherwise provided
for, twenty per cent, ad valorem;
On lead, in bars or pigs, one and one half cents per
pound;
On lead dross, as lead ore, one cent per pound;
On lead in sheets, pipes, or shot, two and one
fourth cents per pound;
On lead, molten, one and one half cents per
pound;
On lead, old and fit only for remanufaeture, one
cent per pound:
On lead ore, one cent per pound ;
On ginger, three cents per pound;
On ginger, preserved or pickled, thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem;
On ginger, essence of, thirty-five per eent. ad
valorem;
On cocoa, prepared or manufactured, three cents
per pound.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before taking the vote
on that, I move in line twenty-nine to strike
out the word " nine" and insert the word
" threeso as to make the clause read, "On
salt, in bulk, and on all rock-salt, or mineral
salt, three cents per one hundred pounds."
I was in hopes that we could have put salt
on the free list, but the Senate by a tolerably
close vote has refuged to do that, and now
I hope we shall approach it as nearly as we
can.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
not try to amend this further now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would say to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that by a modification of the
amendment the Senator from Maine has re-
duced the duty as he proposes it on tea and
coffee from that which the committs e fixed to
a lower sum ; and now I think if there is any
article upou which the duty ought to be reduced
lower than is proposed by the committee, salt
is the one.
Mr. SHERMAN. This duty was fixed at
one half the existing rates, and I can show
the Senator 
Mr. TRUMBULL. One half the existing
rate was fixed on tea and coffee by the com-
mittee, but the Senator from Maine proposes
still a lower rate.
Mr. SHERMAN. That was to avail our-
selves of the million and a half saved by the
amendment of the Senator from New Jersey.
Many of these duties are satisfactory to the
Senator's constituents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know this duty is not
satisfactory to my constituents. We do not
want any duty on salt.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can show the Senator
that they only asked a reduction of one half
the duty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can show the Senator
that they asked to have salt free.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are glad to get one
half the duty off.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to strike out
"nine" and insert " three," so as to make the
duty three cents.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President 
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Will the Senator
from New York yield to me for a moment?
Mr. FENTON. Not now, Mr. President.
I regret that the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] has proposed this amendment. If
he insists upon it, I shall feel impelled to enter
upon the discussion somewhat at length, and
endeavor to show, as I think I can, that the
reduction proposed is unjust to this great in-
dustrial interest. It became my duty, under
the instruction of the Senate during the past
session, to look into the whole question re-
lating to the manufacture of saltin this country,
in connection with other home products, and I
am very sure I can make it clear to the Senate
that those who favor this sweeping reduction
of duty^ labor under a mistake as to the facts
of the case. If the Senator [Mr. Trumbull]
will withdraw his amendment and allow the
vote to be taken upon the report of the Com-
mittee on Finance, 1 will not detain the Senate
with any remarks at this late hour. .It seems
to me that the Senator can forego pressing his
amendment, and if he shall, I will forego
making a speech. Or it may be that he will
be content with a division, and after that, if
it seems pretty plain that a majority will not
favor his motion upon a vote by ayes and noes,
I will not continue the debate. I appeal to the
Senator to first allow an expression upon the
amendment by a division.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would like to test the
sense of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLINGr. 1 make this suggestion
to my colleague, although I should like, for
one, to hear him on this subject if the amend-
ment is to be pressed; let him allow the
sense of the Senate to be taken by sound or
by a division, and if there is any doubt about
it, he can demand the yeas and nays, and then
be in order in addressing the Senate.
Mr. FENTON. I will give way with that
understanding.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall call for the yeas
and nays. That will test it.
Mr. ANTHONY. We can take the yeas
and nays, and then the Senator from New
York can move to reconsider.
Mr. CONKL1NG. That would be rather
hard, I think.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas and
nays any way.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the Senator from
Illinois if he will not allow a vote to be taken
first upon a division of the Senate?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
taking the vote first by division if the Senate
prefers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
then divide the Senate on the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois to the amendment
of the Senator from Maine.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 15, noes 25.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WINDOM. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Kansas, Mr.
Caldwell. He, if here, would vote "nay,"
and I should vote " yea."
Mr. FENTON. I was requested to announce
that the Senator from Missouri, Mr. Schurz,
and the Senator from Florida, Mr. Osborn,
were paired on this question.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to state that on this
question and all others on this bill, my col-
league [Mr. Cameron] and the Senator from
Delaware, Mr. Bayard, entertain antagonistic
views, and have paired off with each other.
Mr. ROBERTSON. How would they vote?
Mr. SCOTT. Against each other. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CASSERLY. I have to make the same
statement in regard to the Senator from Oregon,
Mr. Kelly, and the Senator from Minne-
sota, Mr. Ramsey.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object to all this
explanation. It does not explain how the
Senators would vote if they were here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
cannot object, because a Senator has a right
to make the statement in whatever terms he
pleases. The Chair cannot control it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 26 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Carpenter, Oasserly,
Cooper^Edmunds, Harlan, Hill, Howe, Logan, Nor-
wood, Patterson, Stevenson, Trumbull, and Vick-
ers—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony,Boreman,Chandler,Colo,
Conkling, Corbett, Davis of West Virginia, Fen.ton,
Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Morrill of
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Ponioroy, Rob-
ertson, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, West, Wil-
son, and Wright—26. • -
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Clayton, Cragin,
Davis of Kentucky, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Johnston,
Kelly, Lewis, Nye, Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
Bice, Saulsbury, Sawyer. Schurz, Spencer, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, and Windom—32.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from.
Maine, to strike out the first section of the bill
and insert the section reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance, with the exceptions in
regard to rice and woven wire-cloth.
Mr. SCOTT called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. COLE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting what is found on page 2,
lines thirty-two, thirty-three, and thirty-four,
relating to rice, and I will merely remark that
the duty upon this article amounts to from two
hundred and fifty per cent, down to one hun-
dred per cent. On the first article it is about
two hundred and fifty per cent, on its value ;
on the uneleaned rice about two hundred per
