1872.
THE . CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1139
measures before the House for consideration,
I made tb 3 change in time that I have indi-
cated upon my own motion. I am willing that
an early day should be set for this bill; I am
willing to have it considered ot> Thursday of
this week, or of next week, or two weeks from
next Thursday. I desire an early considera-
tion of the bill, for I think it is a matter of
much importance. And unless the House
will be willing to agree to some early day for
the consideration of this bill, I will ask con-
sent to withdraw the bill now pending before
the House, and introduce the bill I have indi-
cated for consideration.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If an early day is fixed
upon, or if any day is fixed upon, will the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. VVillaed] secure
action on that day? That is what I want.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must resume the floor,
and I will ask that the gentleman from Ver-
mont have leave to withdraw the bill now pend-
ing, in order that he may report the one he has
indicated.
The SPEAKER. The bill now pending,
having a report, of a committee, it lequires
unanimous consent to have it withdrawn now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that unanimous
consent 
Mr. GARFIELD, ofOhio. I suggest to the
gentleman from Vermont to offer his bill as
an amendment to the pending bill, and then
hold the two measures together during the
morning hour.
Mr. WILLARD. I will move the bill sent
to the Clerk's desk as a substitute for the pend-
ing bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a point of older.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. My point of order is that
the proposed substitute is not in order, not
being germane to the pending bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Air. Willard] has reported a bill (H.
li. No. 1341) to regulate the employment and
compensation of clerks for the Speaker and
committees of the House of Representatives,
and that hill is now pending.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the Chair rules on
the point of order 1" ask unanimous consent
to have the pending bill withdrawn from the
consideration of this House.
Mr. KELLEY. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. The bill now before the House is here
in accordance with the resolution ot the House
which was adopted before the appointment of
this committee. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] has spoken of this bill as
very trifling business; yet it is in the direct
line of instructions from the House. I have
no objection to the bill being withdrawn with
the consent of the House, if the other bill can
be taken up for immediate consideration, for
I think it is a bill of greater gravity, although
I do not think the bill regulating the appoint-
ment and compensation of the clerks of the
committees of this House is by any roeans an
unimportant one.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Willard] proposes to amend the
pending bill by substituting therefor a bill to
preserve the independence of the several de-
partments of the Government, which bill has
been read at length. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] makes the point of order
that the proposed substitute is not germane to
the pending bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would suggest that
the title of the bill has nothing to do with the
question whether the proposed substitute is
germane. The gentleman from Vermont, I
understand, can move the bill as an amendment
in the form of additional sections.
The SPEAKER. The point made by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
would be pertinent only in ease the title of the
bill is different from the provisions of the bill.
Mr. WILLARD. The bill now pending is
a bill providing for the appointment of clerks
of committees of this House. I desire to move
this other bill as additional sections to that
bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. They both relate
to the civil service ; the first to the civil service
of the legislative department, the other to the
civil service in the other departments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Suppose the com-
mittee had reported these two bills together in
one, would it in point of fact have been com-
petent, or would it have been subject to a point
of order? It seems to me it would have been
competent for the committee to do s).
The SPEAKER. It does not follow, be-
cause the committee may report two separate
and distinct subjects in the same bill as an
original report, that a bill relating to one sub-
ject may be afterward amended by adding
provisions relating to another subject. For
instance, a bill for the relief of a private in-
dividual may contain a public provision of
law ; but at the same time the rules distinctly
say that a public bill may uotbe added to a pri-
vate bill as an amendment thereto. The Chair
sustains the point of order of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] because, if thepro-
posed bill is in order as an amendment to the
pending bill, then anything, no matter what,
that pertains to the civil service, may be held
to be a germane amendment.
Mr. WILLARD. Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask
again (if any gentleman will suggest an
earlier day that will suit the convenience of
the House I shall not object) that Wednes-
day, two weeks from to-morrow, the time
originally fixed by the committee, be set apart
for the consideration of this bill, and that it be
considered from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. BINGHAM and Mr. DICKEY ob-
jected.
Mr. WILLARD. Does it require unanimous
consent?
The SPEAKER. It does, as a matter of
course.
Mr. WILLARD. Then I ask that the bill
be made a special order for Wednesday, two
weeks from to-morrow; that it be considered
to the exclusion of all other business on that
and the succeeding day after two o'clock
p. m., and that on the second day, at four
o'clock, the previous question be considered
as ordered.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLARD. I ask unanimous consent
to withdraw from the consideration of the
House the pending bill relative to committee
clerks.
There being no objection, the bill was with-
drawn.
CIVIL SERVICE REFORM.
Mr. WILLARD. I now report from the
select Committee on the Reorganization of the
Civil Service of the Government the bill which
lias already been read at the Clerk's desk—the
bill (II. 11. No. 787) to preserve the independ-
ence of the several departments of the Gov-
ernment.
The bill was again read.
The SPEAKIi 11. The bill having been twice
read, the question is upon ordering it to be
engrossed and read a third time. The gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Willard] is entitled
to the fl.ior.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Is the bill
open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. The bill is now in the
amendable stage.
Mr. WILLARD. In view of what has taken
place here this morning in reference to the
bill, it is jiroper, I suppose, that I should sub-
mit a word of explanation in justice to the
committee reporting the bill. The commit-
tee, knowing that they would not probably be
called for three months after to-day, author-
ized the chairman of the committee to report
this bill without an expression of opinion,
and with the understanding, of course, that
any gentleman of the committee would have
opportunity—as we supposed, both lime and
opportunity—to prepare any modification or
amendment which he might deem desirable.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Perky,] who
is a member of our committee, and a warm
friend of the principle of this bill, has some
modification which he desires to offer as a sub-
stitute. It was also suggested in committee
that inasmuch as the tune proposed to be
fixed by the committee for the consideration
of the bill was two weeks hence, they would
have opportunity for further meetiugs prior to
that time, and a further consideration of the
details as well as the principle of the bill.
Now, if this bill which has now beeu put in
the morning hour is to run in the morning
hour, it occurs to me that we shall somewhat
embarrass the action of gentlemen of the
committee who may not be prepared to-raor-
row to present their views or the substitutes
which they desire to offer for the bill. I think
it due, therefore, to individual members, as
well as the entire committee, that the House
should agree to fix a time when this bill may
be considered to the exclusion of all other
business. Let it be disposed of, if the Ilouse
pleases, in two days, coming up each day after
the morning hour. In that way it will not in-
terfere with the presentation of reports of other
committees; it will not be in the way of the
regular business of the House ; but it will be
before the House subject to its control and in
a position to be acted on intelligently. There-
fore, for the purpose of taking this bill out of
the morning hour, [ again ask the House that
it be made the special order for Wednesday,
three weeks from to-morrow, at two o'clock;
that, it be considered on that and the succeed-
ing day to the exclusion of all other business,
and that the previous question be considered
as operating at four o'clock on the second day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont asks that this bill be taken out of the
morning hour, where it now is, and its further
consideration postponed until to-morrow three
weeks, and that Wednesday and Thursday of
that week, after the hour of two o'clock p. m.,
shall be devoted, to the exclusion of all other
orders, to the consideration of the bill; and
that at four o'clock on the second day the
previous question shall be considered as oper-
ating.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not wish to object to
this committee reporting a bill, but Ido object
that three weeks hence we shall consider
something which this committee has not beeu
willing to report. The gentleman from Ver-
mont has stated that the committee are not in
favor of this bill. They have reported some-
thing here, and now ask to postpone the further
consideration of this subject to liave somebody
else report something else to which they them-
selves are unwilling to agree.
Mr. WILLARD. No, sir, that is not it.
Mr. DICKEY. I am willing this committee
this day three weeks shall have the opportunity
to report, a bill, but I do not wish every one
else to have the right to repoit.
Air. NEGLEY. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The morning
hour has expired, and i move to go to the
business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I hope
the gentleman will yield to me for the purpose
of indicating an amendment.
Mr. WILLARD. I have no objection to the
amendment being read.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to add to section two of the bill the following
proviso:
Provided, That all apointments in the civil ser-
vice shall only be policitotl by claims agents and
middle-men around the Capitol.
[Laughter.]
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to go
to the business on the Speaker's table.
