1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3827
extend the principle upon which this bill is
based. Through the courtesy of the Speaker,
during the last few Congresses I have been
one of the directors of this institution, and
liave had some occasion to know its founda-
tion, its progress, its mode of management,
and its support. If there are any gentlemen
in the House who have kind hearts toward
that institution I know that I am one of them.
I have had occasion to consider this measure
in the board of directors, and felt it my duty
there to express my opposition to it. And
having taken that ground there, I cannot be
silent here. I desire, therefore, to state to the
House what appeared to me the just grounds
of- opposition to the bill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. As there is an
evident wish on the part of some gentlemen to
look over the bill, I will withdraw it for the
present and report it again.
Mr. DAWES. So far as I am personally
concerned, I have looked it over carefully and
have discussed it with the president of the
institution and the board of directors. The
gentleman, however, may suit his own con-
venience as to proceeding with the bill.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I withdraw the
bill for the present.
The SPEAKER. The bill will resume its
place 011 the Speaker's table.
WASHINGTON GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, from the same
committee, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R.
No. 2833) to increase the capital stock and
to extend the works of the Washington Gas-
light Company.
The bill was read. It provides that the
capital stock of the Washington Gas-Light
Company be increased $200,000, with the priv-
ilege ot increasing it not exceeding $1,000,000,
as the same may be required from time to
lime, for extending their works in tbe District
of Columbia east of Rock creek ; provided,
however, that said increase of capital stock
shall not, be made from undivided profits of
said company which have already accrued, or
may hereafter accrue, but from capital actually
paid in, and that said increased capital stock
bhall be subject to all the conditions of the
charter of said Washington Gas-Light Com-
pany.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; aud being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OIIANGB, ALEXANDRIA , ETC., RAILROAD,
Mr. STARKWEATHER, from the same
couimitt.ee, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No.
2847) to authorize the Orange, Alexandria,
and Manassas Railroad Company to run trains
aud transport freight and passengers within
tbe District of Columbia.
The bill was read. It provides that it shall
be lawful for the Orange, Alexandria, and
Manassas Railroad Company, a corporation
chartered under the laws of tbe State of Vir-
ginia. to exercise its functions as a common
earner, and transport passengers and freight
within the District of Columbia, and for this
purpose shall have authority to run locomo-
tives and trains upon and over the bridge which
has been constructed by the Baltimore and
Potomac Railroad Company across the Poto-
mac river at the western terminus of Maryland
avenue, in the city of Washington, upon the
terms and conditions prescribed in the act of
Congress granting to said Baltimore and Poto-
niao°Itailroad Company the privilege to con-
struct and operate said bridge; and the said
Orange, Alexandiia, and Manassas Railroad
Company may put down a single track along
Maiyland avenue from its western terminus
to its intersection with the Washington canal, [
now in piocess of being filled up, aud thence j
by a curve southwardly along the ground here- !
tofore occupied by tlie said canal to the inter- !
section of B, C, or D streets, south, as may j
be determined by the engineer in charge of I
the public buildings and grounds, and thence
along one of said streets by a tunnel under the
public grounds east of the Capitol building,
upon such route and in such manner as the
said engineer may prescribe, to Delaware ave-
nue or First street east; thence along said
avenue or street to tbe line of the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad ; and the track of said rail-
road company, except so much thereof as is
laid in the said tunnel or its approaches, shall
conform to the grade of the streets occupied
as above, as shall be prescribed by the Board
of Public Works; and any damage caused to
the property of individuals by the construction
of said railroad shall be paid by said Orange,
Alexandria, and Manassas Railroad Company;
provided that the said Orange, Alexandria,
and Manassas Railroad Company shall pay to
the District of Columbia one half of the cost
of arching the Washington canal from Mary-
land avenue to the street' ou which the said
railroad track enters the tunnel aforesaid;
and provided further that nothing herein con-
tained shall be construed to grant to said com-
pany the right to establish a depot along said
avenue or streets until consent for the same
has first been obtained from the Legislative
Assembly of the District of Columbia.
The second section provides that Congress
shall have the right to regulate the rates of
fare collected by said company from passen-
gers aud the rates of charge for transport-
ing freight; that the rates of charge for the
transportation of freight per ton per mile for
all freight passing into tbe District of Colum-
bia on said railroad shall be not more than
the rales charged per ton per mile on that
part of the said Orange, Alexandria, and
Manassas railroad not in the said District,
aud that all property owned by said company
within said District shall be subject to taxa-
tion by the proper municipal authority, and
Washington citj shall be considered as a term-
inal point, and entitled to all the privileges and j
facilities of any other terminal points on said
road.
The third section provides that said railroad
company shall give to other railroad companies
connecting therewith the right to pass through
and use said tunnel on such reasonable terms
as may be agreed upon between the respective
parties or Congiess prescribe.
The fourth section provides that this act
may be at any time amended or repealed by
Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
the gentleman who has charge of this bill, at
what point north of the Capitol this railroad
is allowed to pass out? As I understand, from
the reading of the bill, the track will pass out
north of tbe Capitol along Delaware avenue,
till it intersects the line of the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad. If I am correct in that under-
standing, it seems to me it results in this: that
we increase, by a new bond, the power of the
railroads to keep the depot of the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad where it is, under the very
eaves of the Capitol, a nuisance which ought
long since to have been abated. If now we
allow another railroad to lay its track down
so as to intersect the track of the Baltimore
and Ohio, within a stone-throw of the depot,
we will have two depots lo remove, whenever
we proceed, as I hope Congress some day will
have the courage to do, to remove the exist-
ing depot from under the shadow of the
Capitol.
1 hope we will not allow any more railroad
tracks to be laid down so near us as that. Let
them pass off two or three streets further to
the east and intersect the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad, so that the lime may come when we
shall set. that depot back. I hope the gentle-
man will consent to that much of a change in
the language of his bill. 1 have no other sug-
gestion to make about it, and I hope this will
be adopted.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. This bill pro-
vides for a connection on the same line of
tracks that now exis.ts, until we get up lo the
canal entirely beyond the Capitol grounds
here, and then this road goes upon the line of-
that canal through the hill here, by a tunnel,
near where the Potomac railroad tunnel is,
and connects with the Baltimore and Ohio.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It goes under
the public grounds. Where is the point of
junction?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. It is a point
entirely away from the present depot of the
Baltimore and Ohio road.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. _ Delaware ave-
nue is the avenue that runs directly from the
northeast corner of the Senate, a little east of
north.
Mr. CREBS. But thia road is to go over
First street-
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The bill says
Delaware avenue or First street, giving them
a choice, or even if it goes on First street that
is wilhin one square of the northeast corner
of this Capitol ; and, if I remember right, it
is exactly along the line of the new grounds
which are to be established by the taking in
of the two squares. When these two squares
are added we shall have a broad and beautiful
park along the east front of the Capitol and
along the east line of that park, out will go
the track, and out will go the locomotive
directly northward lo the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad. I lived on Delaware avenue one
winter, and 1 know precisely where the road
will run.
Mr. STA UK WEATHER. I yield for a
moment to the gentleman from the District,
who understands *,hese localities better than
I do.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I think the gentleman is
mistaken in point of fact.
Mr. G A11FIEL L>, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man allow me to read the language of the
bill'/
Mr. CIIIPMAN. Certainly.
Mr. GAItFlELD, of Ohio. It is as follows:
And the said Orange, Alexandria, and Manassas
Railroad Company may pat down   single track
alone Maryland avenue from its western terminus
to its intersection with the Washington eanal, now
in process ot being filled up, and thence by a curve
southwardly along tlie ground heretofore occupied
by the said eanal to the intersection oi B, C, or D
streets south, as may be determined by the engineer
in charge of the public buildings and grounds, and
thence along one of said streets by a tunnel under
the public grounds east of the Capitol building,
upon such route and in sueli manner as the said
engineer may prescribe, to Delaware avenue or
! iVst street east; thence along said avenue or street
to the line ot the Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
Now, Delaware avepue, if continued, would
run through the Rotunda diagonally, north-
east aud southwest. It runs directly from
the northeast corner of tbe Senate wing, in a
direction a little east of north. Now, the
road is to be tunneled under the Capitol
grounds east of tbe Capitol, and is not to
come out until it intersects Delaware avenue
or First street east; that is to say, until it
shall strikj this Delaware avenue, which, if
continued, would go thiough the Rotunda, or
else it is to come within one square ot it.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. What is the
proposition that the gentleman makes?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is to so
amend this bill that this railroad shall _ not,
come within three squares of the east front
of the Capitol.
Mr. DUKH. You mean the outlet from the
tunnel.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I mean the
track.
Mr. DUKE. The tunnel is underground.
Mr. GARFIELD, ot Ohio. 1 do not care
about the tunnel, but wherever the track_ is
exposed and conies into public gaze I desire
