1140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over until to-
morrow.
Mi. SWANN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the consular and diplomatic
appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to make any limitation of the general
debate ?
Mr. SWANN. Not at this time.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the president.
A message was received from the President
of the United States, hy Mr. Horace Porter,
one of his Secretaries, notifying the House
that he had approved and signed, February
20, 1872, bills of the following titles :
An act (H. It. No. 1340) for the relief of
Alexander Smith and Halcyon Skinner;
An act (H. 11. No. 625) making appropri-
ations to supply a deficiency in the appropri-
ation for the salaries and contingent expenses
of the Post Office Department for the current
fiscal year; and
An act (H. R. No. 1071) making appropri-
ations for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year
ending June 80, 1878.
consular and diplomatic bill.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Cobobn in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill (H. 11.
No. 1323) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1873.
Mr. SWANN. Mr. Chairman, in present-
ing this bill "to the House 1 propose to make a
very few remarks ; and it is a source of satis-
faction to me that in the details of this meas-
ure in iho main we have conformed to the
report, of the committee of last year. There
is no material variation either in the salaries
of officers or in the other provisions of the
bill. The variations which occur to me at
present relate to two or three clauses in this
1,111 to which I shall "nave occasion to call the
attention of the House.
One is in the section icfcrring to the "com-
pensation of agents appointed by the Presi-
dent to examine consular accounts, as author-
ized hy the second section of the act approved
July 11, 1870, $10,000." This clause the
committee propose to modify by striking it
out after the close of the present fiscal year.
It is found not to answer the purpose for
which it was designed. The Secretary of State
has strongly recommended some modification
v of this section shall be made in the bill which
I hold in my hand, in order to relieve the posi-
tion in which he is placed. So far as these
agents to examine consular accounts aie con-
cerned, the whole correspondence of the State
Department, whether confidential or other-
wise, relating to this subject, is placed at the
mercy of those who are appointed to discharge
this duty. It is therefore objectionable, and
ought to be repealed.
Mr. FINKliLNBURG. Where is that
clause in the bill?
Mr. SWANN. It is in line sixty-two, page
4. it is found not to have worked as well as
was expected, and an amendment will he
offered to this bill, when it comes up to he
read by sections, to strike out that clause, m
order that it may be differently and more sat-
isfactorily arranged in the future.
Another provision of this bill to which I
will call the attention of the committee is in
line fifty-three, page 3, which is:
Kmcompensation of charge d'affaires ad interim,
and lor compensation of diplomatic officers ot the
"United States abroad, in tile interval butweentho
appointment oi their successor and bis presentation,
or ot tticir recall, and for so many days tiierealtoi-
as are actually and necessarily consumed in an un-
interrupted, direct transit to tile United States, tor
no longer and for no other purpose, sMu.JOO; ana
that att acts and parts of acts inconsistent witti this
provision are hereby repealed.
This clause has been submitted by the Sec-
retary of State as a measure of economy, and
not only as a measure of economy, but as sim-
plifying" the duties of that Department. The
laws heretofore regulating this matter have
been indefinite and uncertain in their applica-
tion. And it is proposed now to regulate the
diplomatic agents recognized by the United
States and employed by the United States so
as to make their pay apply to the specific duty
performed by them in their transit from the
places to which they are accredited to their
homes in the United States, and also to apply
to the allowances made to ministers adinterim,
who may perform the special duties performed
by these agents, in the interim of their absence
from their posts. Heretofore this item lias cost
this Government some ninety thousand dollars
in one year. During the year 1870 the esti-
mate for this particular duty was ninety thou-
sand dollars and upward. In the subsequent
year, 1871, the same item amounted to some
seventy-five thousand dollars, and by the judi-
cious management of the Secretary of State,
and the strict eye to economy with which he
has conducted the affairs of the Department,
he has been able, as will appear in the present
bill, his estimate being $40,000, to reduce this
item greatly in amount, reducing it from up-
ward of ninety thousand dollars two years ago
to $40,000, as it appears in the present bill.
These are variations which will save to this
Government a large amount of money.
There is another item to which I will simply
allude, and that is in reference to the treaty
between tbe United Slates and Belgium, in
regard to the extinguishment of the Scheldt
dues. The installment, which has been in-
serted in this bill is next to the last that will
be found trammeling the diplomatic and con-
sular appropriation bill hereafter, and we have
reason to congratulate the House that this
expense will cease after the coming fiscal year.
So far as the salaries of oflicers are con-
cerned, the result is pretty much the same as
in the bill of last year.
Looking at it, then, Mr. Chairman, as a
whole; looking at the various provisions of
this bid in comparison with former years, the
lesult is highly favorable. This bill is favor-
able, sir, as a measure of economy; it has
reduced the expenditures of this Government
in that Department to an extent that inures to
the benefit of the people. I advocate these
reductions wherever tUey can be fairly and
judiciously made; and 1 consider this bill,
which I have the honor to present, having been
charged with it by the Committee oti Appro-
priations, as one of the most favorable among
the bills appropriating for the diplomatic and
consular service which have ever been pre-
sented to this House. The assignment of this
bill to me for report by the honorable chair-
man of the committee has brought me more or
less in contact with thebusiness and operations
of the State Department; and I consider it my
duty to say here, having gone very closely into
the examination of the details of the work of
that Department, that I consider it my duty to
say in the House that no Department of this
Government is now or has been managed with
more economy or with a stricter eye to what is
required by the various wants of the diplomatic
service than the Department presided over by
Secretary Fish.
It is no more than proper that I should bear
my testimony, while commenting upon this bill,
to the vigilance, the activity, and the business
tact of the distinguished Secretary at the head
of that Department, into the organization and
practical woiking of which it has been my duty
to look, and oil which I am here to report to
this House.
Mr. Chairman, there are a large number of
clerks employed in that Department, Whether
they are adequately compensated or not I am
not here to inquire. I will say, however, that
they have discharged their duties honestly and
faithfully. During the sittings of the interna-
tional commission, which met in this country
during the spring, these clerks were employed ,
and actively engaged every night,_ almost until
twelve o'clock. I believe, sir, in the mam
they are inadequately compensated. But we
make no application at this time for the in-
crease of their salaries. The Secretary of
State has made no demand for an increase of
the salaries of these officers. All he was able
to do after the labors through which they had
passed during the sittings of the high coin-
mission was to return the thanks oi his De*
partment for the vigilance and activity and
zeal and honesty with which they discharged
their respective duties.
There is one officer, I desire to say, con-
nected with that Department for whom I
would ask some recognition on the part of
this House. A proposition was made on the
other side of the House to increase the salary
of the chief clerk, and I cordially cooperate
with the gentleman in the recommendation
which he made upon that subject.
I think it is more than deserved by his
great attention to business and by the value
of the services performed by him in connec-
tion with the State Department. That gen-
tleman is there day and night. He receives
the paltry compensation of $2,300. That
compensation is inadequate, sir. We know
here as members of this House that such com-
pensation is inadequate to the support oi a
family ; and I now give notice to the House
that at an early day I shall reproduce the bill
offered on the other side of the House, which
was not accepted by the Committee on Appio-
p'riations because they thought it would open
the door to other similar applications, in which
I concurred with them, and I shall ask the
House to do justice to a faithful officer who is
worth as much to this Government, if not
more, than any officer connected with it.
It is no economy, Mr. Chairman, to employ
these gentlemen and to drive them almost to
starvation. I am for giving them the value of
their services. I am for giving them what they
are justlyandfairly entitled to. While upon this
subject I must pay a compliment, a deserved
compliment, to the honorable chairman of this
committee. I came into the committee as the
representative in a measure of this side of
the House, but I came there for the purpose
of giving an impartial support to the Govern-
ment in providing for its necessary wants, and
to hold the heads of the Departments respons-
ible for the expenditures within their respect-
ive jurisdiction. My constituents did not send
me here for the purpose of dwarfing the
proportions of this Government by any con-
tracted or niggardly policy. We are bound,
Mr. Chairman, to contribute whatever is ne-
cessary to keep this great machine running
upon a scale of liberality, that it may come up
to the proportions which it occupies, running
it upon a scale that shall enable those that are
connected with it to do justice to the business
of the country and the people of the country.
I am the last man to attempt to put any
restriction upon the administration of the
affairs of these various Departments of tbe
Government which are so closely comiecfd
with the great interests and business of the
country, f am here to advocate a liberal pol-
icy and to hold the heads of these Departments
responsible, and I will say that the honored
chairman of this committee, with whom I have
cooperated with regard to almost every item
that you will find in these appropriation bills,
has gone in advance of even what I would
have recommended in the advocacy of a wise
and proper curtailment in the expenditures of
this Government. I will do him that justice,
and I will say the same of every member of
the Committee on Ap; Topriations with whom
I have cooperated.
