192
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Ho. of Reps.
Protection to American Industry—Mr. Hill.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
or five others doing business from the same points
must have received from this quarter 4,000,000 to
5,000,000 bushels of cereals per annum. Philadelphia
is still the natural market for the surplus product
of this territory, but tor some years past there have
not been consignments enough received from that
entire section to realize commissions sufficient to
pay the salary of a receiving clerk.
*' Do you ask, has production fallen off? I answer
no. On the contrary, it has increased, but the whole
line of these valleys has been dotted with furnaces
and forges and rolling-mills and saw-mills and fac-
tories and workshops, filled with operatives, and the
consumer of agricultural products has been brought
to the farmer's doors* He now finds a readier market
for his products at home at prices equal to those rul-
ing on the sea-board, of which he avails himself
and thus saves all the cost of transportation and
factorage, equal at average prices to about twenty
per cent. Nay, more, sir, my own firm has frequently
within the past few years sold and shipped to the
millers in one of these valleys, that in which the
iron interest has been most developed, the Lehigh,
"wheat drawn from Michigan, Illinois, Wisconsin,
and Iowa to supply the deficiency in the consump-
tive want. And these products of the prairies of the
"West were sold, too, at a price far in excess of what
could have been realized by exportation to any
country on the face of the globe. As a eonsequcnec
of this state of things 1 and has risen in value through
all this section, and farms that could have been
bought fifteen or twenty years ago at $40 or $50 per
acre are now salable at $150 or §200 per acre.
Villages have grown to be towns, and towns have
grown to be cities, agriculture and manufactures
have clasped hands and prosperity reigns."
Bearing on this subject I quote from a letter
of General Jackson when he was in the United
States Senate. He wrote to Dr. Coleman, dated
April 26, 1824. - It is short and to the point:
"Where has the American farmer a market forhis
surplus products? Except forcotton hehasneither
a foreign nor a home market. Does not this clearly
prove that when there is no market either at home
or abroad, that there is too much labor employed in
agriculture, and that the channels of labor should be
multiplied ? Common sense points out at once the
remedy. Draw from agriculture thesuperabundant
labor, employ it in mechanism and manufactures,
thereby creating a home market for your breadstuff's
and distributing fabor to a most profitable account,
and benefits to the country will result. Take from
agriculture in the United States six hundred thou-
sand men, women, and children, and you at once give
a home market for more breadstuff's than all Europe
now furnishes us. In short, sir, we have been too
long subject to the policy of the British merchants.
It is time we should become a little more American-
ized,and instead offeedingthe paupers andlaborers
of Europe, feed our own, or else in a short time, by
continuing our present policy, we shall all be paupers
ourselves. It is therefore my opinion that a careful
tariff is much wanted to pay our national debt, and
afford us the means of that defense within ourselves
on which the safety and liberty of our country
depend, and last though not least, give a proper
distribution to our labor, which must prove bene-
ficial to the happiness, independence, and wealth
of the community."
Mr. Bewett, the commissioner to the Paris
Exposition in 1867, io his report, speaking of
the iron business as relating to the agricul-
tural interest, says:
" The decision of this question is mainly of inter-
est to the working classes themselves, and to the
great body of the farmers, because if tne iron busi-
ness is abandoned for the present in the United
States, the labor now employed in it must in the main
take to the soil, and a larger yield of agricultural
products be insured. Thesurplus so produced must
seek its market on the open marts of the world, and
the mouths that would have been fed on this side
of the Atlantic will simply be fed elsewhere, although
not so abundantly and'so generously. But it must
be remembered that whatever may be the price of
bread in Europe at the works where the iron will be
made, would be the price which the same operatives
could afford to pay if the iron-works had been placed
where the grain is grown, and that the cost of trans-
portation thence is just so much deducted from the
price which the farmer would have received if the
grain had been consumed at home."
Under the free trade-tariff of 1846, when
the u whole manufacturing interest of the
country was prostrated, while the families of
thousands of unemployed workmen in our
great cities were in want of food, Illinois
farmers found in corn, for which there was no
market, the cheapest fuel they could obtain,
though their fields were underlaid by an inex-
haustible deposit of coal. Capital invested
in factories, furnaces, forges, rolling-mills,
and machinery was idle and unproductive,
and there was but a limited home market for
cotton or wool.'1
A new source of profit to the agricultural
interest has sprung up in the last few years,
as connected with the manufacturer. I quote
the following extract from the Agricultural
report of February:
"Mr.Hoag, a California silk culturist, states that
he has cleared above all expenses $3,500 from the
mulberry product of three and a half acres. The
labor and other expenses amounted to $472. Even
last year, a bad one for worms, $796 clear profit was
realized per acre, allowing $3 50 per ounce for the
eggs, which are always marketable on the ground
for cash, European agents seeking them with eager-
ness. Mr. Hoag thinks Europe will give a steady
market for $9,000,000 worth of eggs per year, and that
Califoiniacan monopolize it."
I hold, therefore, the farmer is as much
interested in the cause of protection as is
the manufacturer and the laborer.
The free-traders of Europe are glad enough
to sell all the goods they can to the United
States, and desire much to have this market
for their manufactured articles ; but how is it
when they want to purchase produce ; do they
come here for it? Not they. I have seen it
stated that they bought $32,000,000 worth of
wheat last year, and only $8,000,000 of it in
the United States. They bought $8,000,000
worth of corn, and only a few thousand dol-
lars of it in the United States. This is not
very encouraging to cultivators of the soil,
who raise their products with the expectation
of finding a quick and ready sale abroad. No,
they must look for a home market and for home
consumption if they desire to make quick sales
and get good prices for their products.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have endeavored in the time
allotted me, hurriedly to present sonfe of my
views in regard to the tariff, and though 1
have said much in regard to the industries of
my district, and the State of New Jersey, yet
I wish to be understood. I am not here with
any selfish motives to ask for class legisla-
tion, or for the benefit of any particular indus-
try, but to legislate for protection to all indus-
tries of the country that have to compete with
foreign manufacture and their cheap labor. I
want our mechanics and workingmen, who now
have plenty of work, good wages, comfortable
homes, well-furnished tables, andschoolswhere
they can educate their children, to remain in
the enjoyment of these blessings. • I hold,
therefore, to continue them we must maintain
our system of protection. Never was the coun-
try more prosperous than during the last few
years, and we should let well enough alone.
It is the duty of the Government to sustain
the wages of labor, protect their interests,
and we shall then continue as aprosperous and
happy people, for labor is the great source of
wealth to the nation. Our system of protec-
tion is reacting for good on the laboring classes
of England by helping to raise wages, which
I am informed has taken place in some parts
of that country.
I hope, Mr. Speaker, that there will be no
unnecessary reduction of the tariff, but only
such a modification in the discrimination of
duties as will defend our manufacturing inter-
ests, and, as Isaidwhen I commenced to speak,
by admitting free of duty all articles that do
not come in competition with them, and main-
taining the duties on manufactured articles
tbat come in competition with our own in-
dustries and are successfully produced by us.
The reductions that bave been proposed by
some I fear would be ruinous to some in-
terests. It is a mistaken idea some of the
members of the House have that the profits
of the manufacturer are l.irge and excessive.
In regard to the iron business I can speak
from personal knowledge and information from
those who own aud manage one of the largest
iron establishments in the country, located in
my own town. This establishment, under the
free-trade tariff of 1857, the stockholders, after
paying the debts of the concern, having lost
all their investment, the establishment having
cost from a quarter to a half million dollars,
was sold under the hammer for a mere nom-
inal sum, and the present owners have been
able only by very careful management to keep
it in active operation, some years making and
some years losipg money; and I venture to
say where there has been one year of profit
there have been twoyears of little or no profit,
or perhaps a small loss. Yet they have ben-
efited the country for ten miles around, given
work at their works and at the mines to many
hands, and supported numerous households,
,and furnished a good market for the products
of the farmers for miles around ; and the same
can be said of many other manufacturing estab-
lishments. We hear much said about the great
profits of the manufacturers, but we hear but
little said of losses sustained by many of
them, and of those that fail to succeed. I
think it safe to say where one succeeds one or
two fail.
I appeal once more to the House, do not
reduce the duties, but foster and sustain our
industries, aud thereby give stability to our
tariff laws. By so doing, capitalists will have
confidence, and invest their funds to a greater •
extent in manufacturing, create greater demand
for work, increase largely manufactured arti-
cles, and benefit the consumers.
In conclusion, I submit the following statis-
tics of prices paid for labor in Europe ; though
in some places a little higher now than when
the table was compiled, yet generally about
the same as quoted. I beg leave to submit it
entire to the reporter, and I ask a careful
perusal by the members of this House. I ask
every mechanic and workingman in every dis-
trict in New Jersey, and throughout the coun-
try, to read, and then decide whether we shall
continue to foster and protect our industries
and the labor of the country, or whether we
shall let down and take off duties, welcome
free traders, and goods manufactured by the
cheap labor of Europe to our shores? 1 can-
not but feel that the verdict will be, " Hold on
to the great principle and policy adopted by
the Government, protection to American in-
dustry, its manufacturers, the mechanics, and
the workingmen."
A statement of the wages and subsistence of
families of laborers in Europe, on page 179
of the monthly report of the deputy Special
Commissioner of the Revenue, No. 4 of the
series 1869-70, refers specially to Germany,
and was translated and compiled from Nos.
10-12 of the publications of the royal Prus-
sian Statistical Bureau, Berlin, 1868:
Wages and subsistence of families of laborers in Europe.
GERMANY.
Lower Silesia, translated and compiled from Nos.
10-12 of the publications of the Royal Prussian
Statistical Bureau, Berlin, 1868.
The regular wages of workingmen average in sum-
mer and winter irom 16.8 cents to 24 cents (gold) per
day; of females, from 08.4 to 14.4 cents per day, more
nearly approaching the higherrate. Daring tlicshort
winter days workingmen receive for 8 hours' labor
from 10 to 14.4 cents; the females 7.2 cents; while in
summer, for 12 to 13 hours' labor the relative wages
are from 19.2 to 28.8 cents, and from 14.4 to 19.2 cents,
respectively. The wages of those working in the
royal forests are so regulated as to average 24 cents
per day for males, andl4.4conts per day for females;
m some mountain countries the iatterreceive but 12
cents.
In larger cities wages rise a,bovo these rates, espe-
cially for skilled labor. Men working on railroads
receive in summer from28.8 to 36cents perday ; and
women from 16.8 to 26.4 cents. In the larger cities
ordinary female help in housekeeping is paid from
24 to 26.4 cents.
Workdoneby the piece or by contraetis paid about
one third more than the customary wages. A com-
mon laborer expects in contract work from 36 to 48
cents; at railroad work even more.
When woi k us scarce the wages often fall to about
16.8 cents per day for mules, and 9.6 cents for females.
Labor is often paid by the hour, at from 01.4 to 2
cents lor males, and 0.4 to 2 cents for females; 2.4
cents per hour are the wages of an ablo Hold laborer
in the mountains.
During the summer especially, opportunities for
work are offered to children, who receive from 6.11 to
7.2 cents per day, and in winter about 4.8 cents.
Wherever the work rises above mare manual labor
