244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
Chamber, and he turns upon them and denies
them.
Mr. HILL. I beg to say 
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Howe
in the chair.) Does the Senator from Massa-
chusetts yield to the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes; I do.
Mr. HILL. The Senator is not aware of
one fact, that through the influence of such
fellows as Bullock and a few carpet-baggers
every colored member of the Legislature of my
State, even though some of them had made
voluBtary pledges to me, voted against my
election to this body. I was not sent here
receiving a single vote from that class of men
in the Legislature.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, I am afraid that
they understood the Senator. [Laughter.]
Mr. HILL. That may be, sir; I would
not be surprised if they had some distrust.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. And now, Mr. President,
that we may understand precisely where we
are, that the Senate need not be confused by
the question of taste or the question of society
which has been presented by the Senator from
Georgia, I desire to have my amendment read.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposed
amendment will be reported.
Mr. HILL. I was going to make the in-
quiry whether the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana was not pending.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well. I wish first to
have my amendment read. It is to come in
as additional sections.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Sec. ~. That all citizens of the United States, with-
out distinction of race, color, or previous condi-
tion of servitude, are entitled to the equal and impar-
tial enjoyment of any accommodation, advantage,
facility, or privilege furnished by common carriers,
whether on land or water; by inn-keepers; by
licensed owners, managers, or lessees of theaters or
other places of public amusement; by trustees, com-
missioner?, superintendents, teachers, or other offi-
cers of common schools and other public institutions
of learning:, the same being supported or authorized
by law; by trustees or officers of church organiza-
tions, cemetery associations, and benevolent insti-
tutions incorporated by national orState authority;
and this right shall not bedenied or abridged on any
pretense of race, color, or previous condition of
servitnde.
Sec. —. That any person violating the foregoing
provision, or aiding in its violation, or inciting
thereto, shall for every sueh offense forfeit and pay
the sum of $500 to the person aggrieved thereby, to
be recovered in an action on the case with fall costs
and such allowance for counsel fees as the court
shall deem just, and shall also for every sueh offense
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon con-
viction thereof shall be fined not less than $500 nor
more than £1,000, and shall be imprisoned not less
than thirty days nor more than one year; and any
corporation, association, or individual holding a
charter or license under national or State authority
violating the aforesaid provision, shall, upon con-
viction thereof, forfeit such charier or license; and
any person assuming to use or continuing to act
under such charter or license thus forfeited, or aid-
ing in the same, or inciting thereto, shall, upon con-
viction thereof, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and shall be fined not less than $1,000 nor more than
05,000, and shall be imprisoned not less than three
nor more than seven years; and both the corporate
andjoint property of such corporation or associa-
tion, and the private property of the several indi-
viduals composing the same, shall be held liable for
the forfeitures, fines, and penalties incurred by any
violation of the section of this act.
Sec.—. That the same jurisdiction and powers are
hereby conferred, and the same duties enjoined upon,
the courts and officers of the United States, in the
execution of this act, as arc conferred and enjoined
upon such courts and officers in sections three, four,
five, seven, and ten of an act, entitled "An act to
protect all persons in the United States in their civil
rights, and to furnish the means of their vindica-
tion,'' passed April 9, XS66, and these sections are
hereby made a part of this act; and any of the afore-
said officers failing to institute and prosecute such
proceedings hciem required shall for every such
offense forfeit and pay the sura of $500 to the person
aggrieved thereby, to be recovered by an action on
the case, with full costs and such allowance for coun-
sel fees as the court shall deem just, and shall on
conviction thereof be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and bo fined not iess than $l,0u0nor more
thau $5,000. 11
Sec. —. That no person shall be disqualified for 1 i
service as juror in any court, national or State, by i'
reason ol race, color, orprovious condition of servi- \
tudo^/Vooiifcc/, That such person possesses all other !!
qualifications which nre by law prescribed ; and any 4
officer or other persons {charged with any duty in il
the selection or summoning of jurors, who shall
exclude or fail to summon any person for the rea-
son above named, shall, on conviction thereof, be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and be fined not
less than SI .000 nor more than $5,000.
Sic.—. That every law, statute, ordinance, regu-
lation, or custom, whether national or State, in-
consistent with this act, or making any discrimin-
ations against any person on account of color, by
the use of the the word " white," is hereby repealed
and annulled.
Sec. —. That it shall be the duty of the judges of
the several courts upon which jurisdiction is hereby
conferred, to give this act in charge to the grand
jury of their respective courts at the commence-
ment of each term thereof.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
Mr. BLAIR. I rise to a parliamentary in-
quiry, whether this amendment is in order. It
is a measure that requires only a majority vote
of both Houses. The bill to which it is offered
as an amendment requires a two-thirds vote.
That point was held good in the other House,
I know.
Mr. HAMLIN and others addressed the
Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe I have the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts yield to the Sen-
ator from Maine ?
Mr. SUMNER. I do for a temporary pur-
pose.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will not the Senator from
Maine yield to me?
Mr. HAMLIN. I will detain the Senate
but a moment. I have risen for the purpose
of inviting the attention of the Senate to the
question that is before it; and I wish on that
point to make a suggestion to the Senator from
Indiana. The practical question before the
Senate, as I understand it, is the amendment
which he has offered. That amendment pro-
vides that the law shall not be so construed as
to remove the disabilities of persons elected
Senators at a period subsequent to the passage
of this act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, that is not it.
Mr. HAMLIN. Well, let it be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
amendment will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And provided further. That this act shall not be
construed to relate back to or validate the election
or appointment of any person to the position of
Senator or Representative in Congress, or to any
off.ee, civil or military, under the United States or
under any State, which person at the date of sueh
election or appointment 
Mr. HAMLIN. Pause there. The first part
of that amendment applies to officers elected
to positionsnnderthis Government, the second
clause to minor offices in the States. Now, I
submit to the Senator from Indiana that there
may be minor offices in the States to which
this prohibition, perhaps, ought not to apply,
and I suggest to him that it would be wiser to
confine it to members of Congress. I make
the suggestion for his consideration.
Mr. BLAIR. Has the point which I made
to the Chair been overruled? I think that
point of order is pending. I
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Howe ) ■
The present occupant of the Chair is advised '
that the amendment sent up by the Senator j
from Massachusetts is merely suggested. It is J
notin order now, there being a previous amend- i
ment proposed by the Senator from Indiana, j
Whethertheamendment proposed to beoffered !
by the Senator from Massachusetts be or be
not in order will be a question to be decided
by the Chair when it is moved.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Massachusetts jield to the Sen-
ator from Indiana?
Mr. SUMNER.. Ob, yes.
Mr. MORTON. Upon conference with
several Senators, I am willing to modify my
amendment so as to make it stop where it con-
cludes with a reference to officers of the Uni-
ted Stares. so as not to include persons clected
or appointed to office under any State. The
Secretary will read it as modified.
The PRI3SIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment, as modified, will be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
And provided further, That this act shall not bo
construed to relate back to or validate the elect ion or
appointment of any person to the position of Senator
or Representative in Congress, or to any oilice, civil
or military, under the United States.
Mr. MORTON. I am willing to let the
amendment stop there.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I am struck
in this discussion, so far as it has proc> eilel,
by the prevailing darkness. When I men-
tioned the case of Frederick Douglass, the Sen-
ator from Georgia seemed to see a little day-
light. He did not see quite so much when I
mentioned the case of Governor Dunn, but
still he did see a little; and now I am going a
little further in the same direction. The first
letter I received on coming to Washington to
attend this session was from a colored person
of Pennsylvania. The letter is dated at Green -
castle, Franklin county. Pennsylvania, Novem-
ber 25, 1871, and I will read a brief passage
from it:
"I am constrained as a colored man to bring to
your notice a few of the acts of injustice put upon
the colored people, and to a^k if there is <.r cannot
be a law to reach such cases. First, at betels and
places of public resort; at most place? colored men
are not entertained at a hotel even though upright
in all their acts in life. The churcnes and public
schools are another place where colored nn-u are
insulted and their manhood trampled upon."
I call the especial attention of the Senator
from Georgia to this declaration from an hum-
ble colored person. Tlie Senator favors hum-
ble colored persons; he associates with them.
Now, here is the testimony of one that at
churchesand public schools •'colored men are
insulted and their mauhood trampled upon.''
How is it? By the very things which ihe Sen-
ater vindicates. The letter proceeds:
" Now, sir, allow me to ask you if the law has not
the same power over a public house or a public
institution of learning that it has over a railroad
company? And if such be the case, allow me to ask
you to bring the weight of your voice and pen"—
Unhappily it is very little; I wish it were
more—
"in favor of such a needed reform. In our public
schools is the place to commence to break down
caste."
"Caste!" I understand the Senator from
Georgia to vindicate caste. He proposes to
maintain it at hotels and in cars. "Caste! '
an unchristian, irreligious discrimination, not
to be vindicated by any logic, by any reason,
and least of all is it to have the foundation
of law!
Mr. HILL. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. I will go on if the Senator
will pardon me a moment. I have another
letter from a very accomplished colored per-
son, the head of the Institute for Colored
Youth in Philadelphia, who has succeeded to
that unhappy instructor, Mr. Catto. who was
recently assassinated—Richard T. Greenough,
a graduate of Harvard University, where he
was educated, going through all the years of
study there. He writes:
" I have noticed the report in the prominent jour-
nals that you intend to in trod U\'e at the approaching
session your bill supplementary to the civil .igiits
bill, home such measure is imperatively needed by
the colored people of thecountry : all measure* f >11-
lng short of this are mere stone* instead of bread."
The Senator from Georgia otters the colored
people a stone ; they ask for bread.
Now here is a case of peculiar hardship
founded on color. It is from Shepiierd.->towii,
West Virginia, dated December 3 :
" I wish to state to you that I am a eili?«n of this
place for over fifty yeais, and have been paying
taxes according to the law; and mv son, I«.uit, Bous-
well, has lost his mind, and 1 have applied to this
blate for admittance and thi-y refused to let him
have any place in the asvlum. As it it impossible
for me to keep him at my home, h<- ii loekid up in
jail without any attention. The president of the
asylum  
Mr. BO REM AN. Mr. President 
Mr. SLMNKli. Allow me to finish the
reading of the letter:
" The president of the asylum -avs there i< no ac-
commodation for colored people. Could you iRforin
