2086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
cent.; and upon the last, or paddy, about one
hundred per cent.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to correct the
statement which has been made by the Sen-
ator from California. The highest duty on
rice in any form is a little over one hundred
per cent. It is a very high duty. If the Sen-
ator had listened to the remarks which I had
the honor to submit to the Senate the other
day, I think_ he would have allowed this mo-
tion to go without being made. I trust it will
n m'i ? adopted, for I assure the Senator it
will absolutely destroy the rice interest in our
State and throw the lands now in culture back
into the swamps from which they have been
reclaimed at immense cost.
One word more, and I will not weary the
patience of the Senate longer. The only inter-
est the inhabitants of California can have in
the price of rice is as an article of food for the
Chinese, and it is about the only tax which the
Chinese pay. When the inhabitants of Cali-
fornia show that they can treat the Chinese
with ordinary humanity, which we are extend-
ing not only to our own citizens elsewhere,
but to the Indians, it seems to me it will be
time enough for us to try to save half a cent
a pound on rice.
Mr. CARPENTER. If I understand the
argument of the Senator from South Carolina,
to 'k'3 : that as long as the State
ot California is persecuting John Chinaman,
Congress ought to "go for him" in the price
of nce ln about the same degree. [Laughter.]
Mr._ COLE. I presented a memorial pretty
early m the session from citizens of California
interested in this article, and it will be recol-
lected that it was signed in duplicate, one copy
by Chinese and the other by American citi-
zens, very numerously signed, setting forth the
statement that I made a few moments ago,
which I remember distinctly though the peti-
tion was presented_ some months ago. Sen-
ators may say this is an exaggeration. If so,
it is an exaggeration presented in a printed
n^Giporial that I submitted to Congress.
Mr. SAWYER. It was about as accurate
as Chinese memorials are likely to be. One
word, sir, in reference to the remark made by
the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpen-
ter. J I do not wish to be understood that I
wanted to oppress the Chinese; but I wish to
say that we were a little over-nice in trying,
when the rest of our people are taxed, to save
a cent a pound to the Chinaman on his ricc,
and at the same time cut down an interest on
which more American citizens live than there
are Chinamen in this country.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia to the amendment of the Senator from
Maine, inserting the three lines in regard to
rice.
The amendment to .the amendment was
rejected*
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
E T' *"s—
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 15, nays 27 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Blair. Casiprlv fMn
pf Maryland. Hamlin, Harlan'
Logan, Morrill of fllame, Morrill of Vermont Sher'
mT\j1A voeveAfon' and Wright—15 '
J" is!hrs' 4lco™. Borsman, Carpenter
Chandler, Conkhng, Cooper, Corbet t, Davis of West
£erl? KMichigan, Frelinghuysen Gilbert
Hill, Hitehoook, Howe, Kellogg, MortonVNorwold
Patterson, 1 omeroy, Robertson, Knott, Sprague'
ABSfVt mS' West',Wllson. and Windom—27.'
j. — Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow
b£m'Caldwell, Cameron, Clayton, Cragin^
ijavis ol Kentuckj, Fenton, Terry of Connecticut
whwwt6' nT!lt01o0f T£xas' John:
& V ft fcyo, Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Rarn-
b baulsb'iry, Sawyer, Schurz Spencer
btookton, Sumner, Xliurman, and Tipton-31?
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBLLL. I move now the amend-
ment which was offered by the; Senator from
Maine, omitting lines twelve and thirteen
relating to tea and coffee.
Leaving tea and coffee on
sir; leaving tea
Mr. HAMLIN.
the free list?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes,
and coffee on the free list.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Senator
moves it as an addition to the first section?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That reduces taxes, as
proposed by the committee, on lumber, coal,
and salt.
Mr. SHERMAN. Make it a second section.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. Make it a second sec-
tion. I do not care where it comes in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois moves as a second section, to
follow the repeal of the duty on tea and coffee,
the first section of the Finance Committee's
amendment commencing on the twentieth line,
as the Chair understands.
^ Mr. TRUMBULL. Leaving out from the
eighty-eighth to the ninety-fifth line inclusive,
about wire-cloth.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. And commen-
cing at the twentieth line, the Chair supposes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Commencing at the
twentieth line, leaving out all in reference to
coffee and tea.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Illinois include rice or exclude it?
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I leave the riee iust as
it is.
Mr. HAMLIN. My amendment did not
have rice in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I move the amend-
ment precisely as the Senator from Maine
m?™ed i'''e^vinS out a11 ab°ut tea and coffee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then rice will
be out. lhe Senator from Illinois moves as
an independent section to the bill the amend-
ment of the ^Senator from Maine commencinc
at the twentieth line, leaving out all in regard
to tea and coffee, rice, and woven wire-cfoth.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I should
like to ask the chairman of the Committee on
r inance to what extent that will reduce the
revenue?
Mr. SHERMAN. About three million two
hundred thousand dollars, I think.
this include rice?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does not.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Can rice
be put on after this amendment is carried?
m w r? o ^j-ESIDENT• It can be.
Mr. WILSON. I am paired with the Sena-
m(rom Mississippi, [Mr. Ames.]
The question being taken by yeas and
nays on the amendment of Mr. Trumbull
resulted—yeas 22, nays 18; as follows :
Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Carpenter Casserlv
Cole, Cooper, Edmunds. Hamlin, liill, Howe f el-
T?SS' ^ogan^Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Norwood
Windom0.°a„dTr!g'h?-lman' StOTeMon. Trumbull,*
Co^klTnl;^
Ferry_ ot Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, HamiK
ton oi Maryland. Hitchcock, Pomeroy Scoff
i Rqw*V'TewYr'*V,okers- and West—18.
Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow
Buckingham,, Caldwei], Cameron, Clayton Crasin'
Connecticut. Flanagan*
KoifS rait ■' ^apulton of Texas, Harlan, Johnston
Kelly, Lewis Morrill of Maine, Nye, Osborn Pat'
terson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rico Salisbury Schurz
t0n' Samner' Thu™an, Ti&STwd
So the amendment was agreed to
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
thTrt?8 at!fl3t.ii0rl 0f the Chair t0 tJ)e fcrt
that the words on and after the 1st day of
July apply only to the first section. The
V .Ir supposes the Senator from Illinois
desires to apply them to this second section
now inserted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly
JheVlCEPBESIDENT- Mbesomodi-
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn. 'e
rejected1011011 b<Hng PUt' WaS declared to be
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 28; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Chandler, Cole,
Conkling, Corbett, Perry of Michigan, Hitchcook,
Pomeroy, Scott, Sprague, and Stewart—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Carpenter, Cas-
serly, Cooper. Edmunds, J?enton, Frelinghuysen.
Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Howe,
Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nor-
wood, Robertson, Sawyer, Sherman, Stevenson,
Trumbull, Vickers, West, Wilson, Windom, and
W right—28,
. ABSENT—-Messrs.Ames,Bayard,Brownlow,Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Clayton, Cragin, Davis
of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Flanagan, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton
of iexas, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice,
Saulsbury. Schurz, Spencer, Stockton, Sumner,Thur-
man, and Tipton—33.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is it in order now to
move an amendment to the free list?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
first hear the amendment before he decides.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move as an amend-
ment, after the three hundred and thirtieth
line, on the twentieth page, to insert "riee;"
and I desire to make a few remarks upon that
subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan moves to add rice to the free
list. That motion is in order.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is perfectly well
known that no article enters so universally
into consumption as rice. The poor and the
rich, the healthy and the sick, the Chinese
and the American, the African, and every
living man eats rice; and if there is any one
article above all others that ought to be on the
free list it is rieff, and I hope now, sir, we may
be able co put on the free list this necessary
article of food for the poor and the rich, for
all c asses of society. By putting rice on the
free list we shall benefit all classes of ourpeo-
pie. Even the poor Chinaman lives upon rice.
It is said that a few cents' worth of rice a day
supports him. I hope we shall have a unani-
mous vote to place rice on the free list
• 1. 5" ROBERTSON. I am somewhat aston-
ished at the remarks of my honorable friend
trom Michigan. He is well aware ■
• ^r-BLAIR. Allow me to ask whether it is
m order to move an amendment to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Michigan f
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not while the
Senator from South Carolina is on the floor.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask the Senator from South
Carolina to yield.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will not yield until
1 am through.
Mr._ BLAIR. I want to mix up salt with
that rice. [Laughter.1
The VICE PRES IDENT. The Senator from
bouth Carohpa will proceed.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The honorable Sena-
tor from Michigan is well aware that the lar e
class of producers of rice are a class of poor
people, a class of newly enfranchised Amer-
ican citizens, who need protection just at this
time for their labor. Now, we protect the
nrotPM°P + Nortb' and why not extend
protection to the poor people of the South
who need it so much more? It is a wen'
known fact that the cultivation of rice was
nearly abandoned during the war. Now it is
cultivated by the freedmen, who work the
plantations on shares, they being interested
m the product. If they are not pro?ected1n
their industry, at least for a year or two until
the lands are renovated, the production of rice
othera IC°houW t?" *1 ~ Tl^, all
enSd tn „ i ' °,Ught t0 be considered
entitled to protection, 1 am surprised at the
1 1CMgan' °f al! making
% P -ICe 0n the free list—he who
enLn h- the r'2hts of these newly
SS.clta | He certainly is not in
earnest in his remarks, and if I thought the
be 'ltdoV°te f°i" his amendment, I would
be induced to spend some time in seeking to
