1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1141
Mr. Chairman, in speaking of the State
Department and the head of that, Department
it is proper for me to say to this House that
he has never approached the Committee on
Appropriations. He does not himself even
officially recommend the increase which I pro-
pose to ask of this House in the salary of his
chief clerk. He leaves it to the judgment of
this House. I have examined into the details
of his Department. I find it in a condition
which should make it a pride to the country.
I find the documents accessible. I find his
clerks organized in such a way as to be able
to give the fullest information in regard to the
details of that important service, and I will
say in justice to that gentleman, notas a party
man, that he has organized that Department
and is running that Department in a way that
is a credit to the country and a credit to him-
self as its head.
In the discussion which took place upon the
first of these appropriation bills that we re-
ported to the House, my honorable friend from
New York [Mr. Wood] remarked upon the
extraordinary increase in the estimates for the
expenditures of this Government from the
time of Mr. Buchanan down to the present
period. Now, Mr. Chairman, you will per-
mit me to say that my friend from New York
[Mr. Wood] knows that in the time of Mr. Bu-
chatian the expenses of living and the expenses
of the operations of this great country were
very different from what they are at the pres-
ent, day. My honorable friend, the chairman
of the committee, took occasion to state, in
some remarks he made upon this subject of
appropriations, that he wasin hopes these esti-
mates would be reduced. Well, now, Mr.
Chairman, i am sorry that 1 can neither agree
with the gentleman from New York nor can
1 agree with the honorable chairman of iny
committee.
I do not believe that, the expenditures of this
Government, in the great career upon which
we have entered, can ever be reduced. I think
they will increase from year to year, and L
think that increase is an evidence, and the
highest evidence we could give, of the great
prosperity which is attending all the operations
of this Government. Why, sir, at the time to
which my honorable friend from New York
[Mr. Wood] refers, the sum of $3,000 was
considered an almost princely endowment for
a citizen just entering upon life. What is it
now ? How is it now with you gentlemen here,
receiving as members of Congress $5,000 a
year? We know the expense of living has
increased one half, that the operations of this
Government have gone on and expanded. Our
commerce has expanded. New States are
bursting into existence almost like sparks upon
the crested wave.
We are daily advamcing in the position we
occupy in the estimation of the civilized world.
These new States require to be fostered, to be
aided and assisted in the great march of pro-
gress upon which we have entered. And,
with all respect to my friend from New York,
[Mr. Wood.] 1 say that in accordance with a
fair, just, and common-sense estimate of this
whole subject we shall not be able to decrease
the expenditures of this Government as con-
nected with any of its appropriation bills, with
the exception, perhaps, of the bill reported
by my honorable friend near me, [Mr. Sar-
gext,] the Indian appropriation bill. In ref-
erence to that bill, I hope our expenditures
may be greaily reduced, if they may not be
entirely wiped out in the course of events, if
we deal with these Indian tribes as they ought
to be dealt with. As for making treaties with
these Indian tribes and piling up the expendi-
tures for their maintenance, I think it is all
wi ong, a subject which the people of this coun-
try pretty well understand. I would take care
of these Indian tribes ; I would treat them as
children in a state of pupilage, and not as-
iudependent sovereignties, if there was no
law that compelled me to take a different view.
Therefore I say that, with the exception of
the bill which lias been reported to this House
from the Committee on Indian Affairs by the
gentleman from California, [Mr. Sargent]—
I refer to the Indian appropriation bill—there
can be no reduction in the expenditures of
this Government. And I think my friend
from Ohio here [Mr. Garfield] will admit
when he comes to look into the subject more
closely, when he comes to estimate the in-
creasing proportions of this Government, how
it is expanding, how new States are springing
into existence, how our commerce is extend-
ing, how our diplomatic relations are becom-
ing more and more extended every day, that
it will be very difficult for him or anybody else
to suggest any judicious reduction in the ex-
penditures now reported in the various appro-
priation bills.
Mr. SARGENT. The pension appropria-
tion bill may decrease in time.
Mr. SWANN. My friend from California
[Mr. Sakgext] suggests that our expenses
for pensions may decrease. That may be so,
if our pensioners are not reproduced as fast
as they die off by fraudulent entries. T think
you will fiud one ready to take the place of
any one that may go off. It is found so in
all parts of the country, and this evil, it seems,
cannot be corrected; and instead of their num-
bers decreasing, these pensioners are rather
increasing each year. And I am not so sure
that we have much to hope in the way of
reduction from the pension lists, for a long
time at least.
Mr. Chairman, I do rot think my friend from
New York [Mr. Wood] was as happy as he
usually is in his remarks upon the bill reported
here some time since by the Committee on
Appropriations. I know that he is a piactical
business man, that he looks after the dollars
and cents in' his business arrangements. I
know that no man appreciates better than my
honorable friend from New York the expan-
sion of this country, its regular and systematic
growth, the formation of new States that are
now coming into existence, invoking the help-
ing hand of this Government, and requiring in-
creased expenditures. But 1 will ask my friend,
when he comes to look into this subject with
that calm and well-balanced consideration for
which he has always been distinguished, to bear
in mind how impossible it is to maintain the
position that the expenditures of this Govern-
ment must not of necessity have been fairly
and inevitably increased within the period
of time he has indicated, from the time of
Buchanan's administration to the administra-
tion of President Grant.
Mr. Chairman, my honorable friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawek] took occasion the
other day when one of these appropriation bills
was under consideration, to offer an amend-
ment ; audit was a very significant one, which
I was not then able to comprehend. It struck
me as a very strange amendment; and what
impressed me more than anything else was
that no gentleman on the other side of the
House rose in his place to sustain the person
to whom that amendment seemed to point. I
allude to the Postmaster General and the
Chorpenning claim. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, offered an amendment pro-
hibiting any portion of the money appropriated
from being applied toward the payment of the
rejected Chorpenning claim. Now, if the gen-
tleman were in his seat, I would be glad to ask
him what induced him to offer such an amend-
ment to the bill which had been reported by
the Committee on Appropriations. Did he
expect that the Postmaster General was going
to seize upon these appropriations that had
been specifically made for the support of this
Government ?
Did he suppose that the law officer who was
connected with Mr. Creswell, the Postmaster
General, who was his friend and companion,
was projecting measures by which he could
seize upon these appropriations which had
been legitimately made for legitimate purposes
by the Committee on Appropriations? I wanted
to put that question to the gentleman. Iwauted
to know what induced him to offer that, pro-
vision. Was it out of abundant caution? Why,
sir, we had guarded that bill. It was not
necessary for the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means to put any more restric-
tions upon the bill than had been inserted b'y
the committee itself. We had guarded the
interests of the Government, and unless there
was fraud it was utterly impossible, under the
provisions of that bill, to divert a single dollar
of appropriation from its legitimate purpose
toward the payment of this infamous Chorpen-
ning claim. I wanted to put that question to
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts.
I should have been gratified if I could have
had some light upon that subject. I want to
know now what induced him to suspect that
there was to be a movement in that direction
for the purpose of diverting to the payment of
this Chorpenning claim the legitimate appro-
priations reported by the committee.
Mr. Chairman, the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts stated in his remarks a
few weeks ago that wherever he saw 1,he head
of corruption he would hit it. Well, now, I
am not a warrior myself, and I do not think
my honorable friend from Massachusetts would
be a very graceful leader of a brigade brought
together for the purpose of crushing out the
corruption that now holds possession of the
whole country. But 1 would be willing to
unite with my honorable friend from Massa-
chusetts to take an humble position in his
ranks, and enter with him upon this great
mission of patriotism in striking down the
heads of corruption all over this country,
here and elsewhere* I would havegoue with
him with a willing heart, and I would use
weapons perhaps more formidable than any
my honorable friend might feel disposed to
use in disposing of this great evil which is now j
afflicting the country. I can only say to the
honorable gentleman (and I regret exceed-
ingly that he is not now in his place) tbat in
entering upon that mission he would have
found a more difficult task than he appre-
hended. Whether it would not have interfered
most seriously with the important business of
the committee of which he is the distinguished
head I am not prepared to say. But the gen-
tleman would certainly have his hands full;
he would be hitting these heads from one end
of the country to the other; he would be
striking down corruption in every part of the ,
land, and I have, no doubt, from his expres-
sions in this House, that he would do it well,
and with proper spirit. Sir, I am satisfied, in
view of the corruptions now afflicting the
country in almost every department of the
service, tbat it would take all the tiansporta-
tion of the United States to carry to their long
homes the heads which the gentleman would
be called upon to crush here, there, and every-
where. I say again, I would cooperate with
him most cordially in his patriotic mission.
We o%ve that gentleman a debt of gratitude
for his exposure of this Chorpenning fraud. It
is like the frauds that are afilieting the whole
country. The gentleman has saved the coun-
try $500,000 by his action in that case. His
efforts were patriotic. They deserve the com-
mendation of the whole countiy. I stand by
him. Although the man whose action it was
proposed to strike down is supposed to be a
representative of the State of Maryland, we
recognize no such representative heie or else-
wheie. That gentleman, sir, was elevated to
the Department he now occupies without the
recommendation of three fourths of the people
of Maryland, and if Genera! Grant thinks he
has gained bv it, if he thinks lie has been
benefited by the action of that officer, I have
nothing to"say. It was said by an ancient
writer that it was impossible to judge of the
termination of a man's career until he had
