246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
not to press his. If anything at all is to be
done this year it must be clone upon this bill
as it comes to us from the House of .Represent-
atives. The amendment of the Senator from
Indiana would probably apply to but very few
persons; ih fact, I do not know that it would
apply to more than one. I ask him if it is
best to hazard the passage of this bill at this
time by insisting upon amendments to it?
Amendments can bs proposed plausible in
their character, and amendments that I would
like to vote for; but I have made up my mind
that if we are to do anything, if we are to re-
lieve to any general extent the persons who
are debarred of the right to hold office, we
must take this bill as we have it. If it goes
over the holidays, and all these amendments
are to be proposed and discussed, we postpone
this act of grace for another year.
Now. I hope that the friends of the meas-
ure—even those who believe that all political
disabilities should be removed without excep-
tion, and I know there are some such—will
not hazard the passage of this bill to remove
disabilities from most of those who are labor-
ing under them ; [ mean the disabilities lhat
are imposed by the fourteenth amendment.
That is simply a disability to hold office, and
nothing more. It has had. as those best qual-
ified to judge in the South say, a very bad
effect for the hist year or two. I hope wefihall
stand together and vote against all amendments,
whether they may be such as commend thern-
selv-es to some of us or not: and I appeal to
those who want the bill to be universal in its
operation, as well as to those who think itgoes
rather further than it ought to go, to stand
together and stay here to-night. I say to you
who are the friends of this bill that you en-
danger its passage at ail if you allow the Sen-
ate to adjourn until it has passed. Now, lot
us stay here, let us sacrifice one long session,
and the whole night, if need be, to the passage
of a bill which will do more, in my judgment, to
restore harmony throughout the country and
bring about a good feeling among the people
in all sections of the land than any other
measure which we have had before us.
There are many things which I should like
to say in reference to this question ; but I will
forbear to say them on the present occasion,
and I hope the friends of the measure will
forbear, and if there is to be discussion let it
be a discussion on the part of those opposed
to the measure, and let us, if possible, come
to a vote upon it.
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President, I desire to
offer a very few words to the Senate. The
friends of this bill have agreed that they .fill
not discuss it; but the discussion has gone so
far that I think I shall be justified in presenting
to the Senate a single view of this question—
a view appertaining to my own State. When-
ever any amendment is attached to this bill
my interest in the bill for the time being is
lost. I feel satisfied that each and every Sen-
ator knows very well that an amendment will
be fatal to it in the other House at present.
We have had a, recent election in Mississippi.
It was necessary for the civil service of that
State that men should come forward and pre-
sent themselves fir office who were laboring
under disability. The friends of cood order'
the friends, if you pl^a=e. of the Republican
party, in some portions of the Sttte advised
and consented to thi-. Men who belonged to
each of the political parties have been elected
to office m that State who were laboring under
disability, and no man knows b"tter than I do
the necessity for the removal of disabilities by
this Congress so far as it applies to that State.
In the constitution of the State of Mississippi
there is a provision that if the person elected
to an office cannot qualify, then be who was
the next highest candidate upon the poll-list
shall be the officer qualified to discharge the
trust.
Then, sir, I submit to the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, if this be the case,
the people of that State will be brought face
to face with the fact that equality does not
exist in the State of Mississippi, but an inequal-
ity clearly upon its face does there exist, and
is there maintained by the Congress of the
United States. I do trust that tho honorable
Senator from Massachusetts will not permit
his zeal to lead him tohazarda measure which
it is competent for a majority of Congress to
pass, by attaching it to a bill that it requires
two thirds of Congress to pass. I could not
go home to the eolored people of the State of
Mississippi and meet them with a declaration
that I had sought to discharge my duty here
faithfully and well to them if I had so voted
as to imperil that cause which they hold so
dear to themselves by attaching the Senator's
proposition to a bill the passage of which re-
quired two thirds of Congress when it was
competent for a mere majority of Congress to
pass it. And how can the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts makegood his declarations
of friendship to the colored people of this
nation when he comes here and proposes to
place their rights in jeopardy, if you please,
by attaching the measure which is to secure
them to this two-thirds proposition?
Sir, 1 do not doubt his sincerity, nor would
I insinuate that such a doubt should exist; but
if he is faithful to his great principle of "equality
before the law," I appeal to him on th'e part
of the people of the State of Mississippi to
come forward and yield to us that equaltty
which he so loudly declares should be estab-
lished throughout tho land. The people of my
State are Republican. I come here indorsed
by twenty eight thousand Republican majority
in the State of Mississippi at the recent election
in that State. In that State we have equality
before the law. We have free and full trans-
portation upon the railroad cars. We have just
such a law as the colored people of the State
are content to have. He has no complaint
from that S'ate. And I say to him lhat of ail
the Republicans of the State of Mississippi n jt
one can be found who is not anxious that Con-
gress should take action upon the bill now
before us and that the Senate should be prompt
to do that which they deem so necessary to the
good order of their society.
Is this mighty nation, this proud Govern-
ment distrustful of its own power? Can it not
control the people of the South as it has in the
past controlled them? It seems to me that
they need have no fear that any great harm to
the Government will result if those men in
Mississippi who, in times past, have perchance
been justices of the peace or constables or
deputy postmasters should be permitted, not
to enjoy rights, if you please—for I think there
is a distinction between rights and privileges,
but it seemed to me that in the discussion to-
day the two were blended in sucu a form that
no one knew where the right went out and the
privilege came in—but to enjoy the privilege
of holding office, of discharging a trust that a
majority of the people have conferred upon
them.
It is in no party sense that I appeal to the
Senate to pass this bill. I appeal to them in
a sense of justice to the people of ray Sta'e ; I
appeal to fnem as one here representing Mis-
sissippi in part, whose disabilities this nation
had the magnanimity to remove; and I now
declare in this place that if the removal of my
disabilities had depended upon my petition to
this C ongress, they would have still existed,for I
would not have petitioned Congress to remove
them. Subdued, conquered as the South was,
while she lay bleeding at the feet of the nation,
while she lies to day prostrate and powerless
for anything except simply the restoration of
her civil society and her civil government, I
would have left it to the nation to decide what
should be done with me, and I would have
asked no higher, no better, no other fate than
that which was common to the people among
whom I lived.
But the Congress of the United States ro-
il moved my disabilities. 1 felt grateful for it.
I' There are others in the Soudt. equally sensi-
•j tive with myself, who feel that they should have
ji some consideration from tho Government, and
jj who, after you have liberated four thousand
I men who you may say came forwaid early in
! the work of reconstruction to apply for the
removal of their disabiliiie.s, are entitled to
some consideration at least. I am here to
speak it for them; and I am not our who feels
■ that I received my position here because others
! are excluded from holding it. No, sir: 1 would
' not hold an office in the State or in the nation
: if I believed that 1 obtained that otiice by rea-
! son of some constitutional exclusion resting
| upon others. Before there wore di«ubni'ie ,
! before the fourteenth amendment was parsed,
j after the lirst reconstruction, I wa.s chosen to
I a seat in tho Senate of the United States.
I When tho Legislature of the State of Missis-
sippi was full of ex-rebels; when the Gov-
ernor of the State was an ex-major general of
the confederate States army ; when the speaker
of the house wns an ex-confederate general:
when the president of the senate was a mm
who had been a gallant colonel in the south-
ern war; when the State senate and house
were full of returned soldiers, my name, with-
out solicitation upon my part, was brought for-
ward, and after a contest of a few days I was
elected over all my opposers. I tnen was
indorsed by that class of our people.
The gentleman elected with me and myself
were rejected here; we were not admitted;
but of this I did not complain, for I was one
who had no complaint to utter. I felt that,
the Government of the United States should
control the question of reconstruction : and
isstead of inviting us to that political banquet,
I should have been glad if they had conducted
the, affair of reconstruction in their own way,
I holding the South at the same time with a firm
| hand, so that the law should be enforced and
| the rights of citizens protected. But, sir, we
j were invited to come and participate in a
: political struggle, and litis necessarily brought
j forward all the recollections of the past,
j When we come, as I shtdi take occasion to do
at some future time, to pass in review the
whole question of reconstruction. I propose to
show that all the responsibility of this agitation
does not rest with the southern people.
But, sir, I have already said more than I
intended to say when I rose. I rose simply
to say that my interest in this bill is lost if any
amendment be adopted, for I have no doubt
before my constituents shall again have a
demand for the operations of this law that
feeling of sympathy which exists in the human
heart, that instinct of our nature for justice
and equality which has done so much to ad-
vance the cause of the venerable Senator from
I Massachusetts, that feeling which now lives in
all its strength and in ail its fullness in the
land that I represent, will extend itsi-lf through-
out the North. Yes, Mr. President, before
the coming presidential election shall have
passed by, before another year shall have
rolled around, the people of this whole nation,
the millions of this nation, will demand that
there shall be equality before the l ivv through-
out the whole land. " Our backs to the past,
our faces to the future,this is the motto that
we inscribe upon our banner. Under this flag
we go forward. Give us the removal of our
I disabilities, and I will go with him who goes
' farthest to demand of the southern people
obedience to the law. Down, thou, with the
KuIClux, and I will go with you in all that is
necessary to enforce that demand.
I will go with the Senator from Massachu-
setts, too, in much of wdiat he has said. I have
given earnest of my faith. Mississippi having
been doubted once when she eamo here with
her Representatives, and they sent home, tho
colored people having been enfranchised and
taken part in the work of reconstruction. I
was again chosen to this body; and I will say
to the honorable Senator-that many people in
