2088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
we adjourn to-day we adjourn to meet on
Monday.' ["No!"]
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object to debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
adjourn is absolutely undebatable.
Mr. WINDOM. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 9, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Ferry
of Michigan, Gilbert, Hitchcock, Scott, Sprague,
and Windom—9. •
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Blair, Caldwell,
Casserly, Cooper, Cragm, Davis of West Virginia,
Edmunds,Fenton.Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill,
Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Norwood,
Pomeroy. Robertson, Sawyer, Sherman, Stevenson,
Stewart, Trumbull, VVest. Wilson, and Wright—30.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boreman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron. Carpenter, Clay-
ton, Corbett, Davis of Kentucky, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, Flanagan, (Joldthwaite, Howe, Johnston, Kelly,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye,Osborn, Pat-
terson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Saulsbury, Schurz,
Spencer, Stockton, Sumner, X'hurman, Tipton, and
Vickers—34.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN, The amendment now
offered by the Senator from Pennsylvania is
not in form to Carry out its object. If it were
not so late an hour in the evening I could
point out very readily that whenever internal
taxes are repealed there must be provision
made for the consolidation of ihe whisky tax.
We gain no benefit at all from the repeal of
internal taxes unless we sweep away a great
portion of the machinery for collecting them,
the assessors and collectors, and all that sort
of thing. I trust, therefore, the Senate will
adhere to the position taken early in this de-
bate, that the repeal of internal taxes should
not be made a part of this bill. I am quite
sure that Senators who are now seeking to pass
this section, including the Senator himself
who offered the amendment, urged other Sen-
ators not to press anything in regard to inter-
nal revenue.
The bill as it now stands repeals far more
than I think we ought to repeal by this legisla-
tion ; but the Senate is in that position when
it is not at all likely that any vote to be taken
by the Senate will strike out any of the items
in the bill. I ask, therefore, what is the use of
embarrassing it by adding this internal revenue
question to it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio a question, whether, if we are
to enter into a repeal of internal revenue
taxes, the exceptions which I have proposed
of the tax on banks and banking ough,t not to
be put in ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly, and I could
name special taxes that are affected. For
instance, is the license tax on cigar dealers
repealed by this amendment? I think it is.
Mr. MORTON. All license taxes.
Mr. SHERMAN. If so, that includes mil-
lions, far beyond what I have ever contem-
plated. We have never contemplated a modi-
fication of the internal taxes except by con-
solidating all the whisky taxes, which include
four or five different kinds of tax; but my
impression is that the language of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania would
repeal all those taxes except the direct tax on
spirits. There is the special tax on retail
dealers and wholesale dealers, tobacco dealers,
and all that class of taxes. Certainly the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, who is a member of
the Committee on Finance, does not intend to
repeal all these taxes, because if he does the
proposition would extend to millions of dollars.
If the Senate frill not forego the discussion
of this internal revenue question, it seems to
me we are in no condition to stay here any
longer.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, with less
knowledge of this subject than many other
Senators, I venture a prediction. If this bill
passes both Houses in its present shape, no
dismissal of internal taxes will fake place at
this session of Congress. The Senator from
Indiana may have included me in those who
suggested that there was some constitutional
objection or pretext, distinguishing between
our right upon such a bill to strike off a cus-
toms tax and our right to strike off an excise.
I decline to be classed with those who made
that suggestion. I think no lawyer, certainly
not the Senator from Indiana, will pretend
that there is any distinction between the two
things. A distinction does exist between lay-
ing a tax and striking it off; but in what part
of the Constitution or in what parliamentary
practice is to be found a distinction in the
powers of the Senate between dismissing a
duty and dismissing any other tax ? The Con-
stitution says that "bills for laising revenue
shall originate in the House of Representa-
tives." Does any man suppose that the Sen-
ate can originate a bill to raise revenue by
duties rather than by excises, or that the Sen-
ate can dismiss an internal tax more or less
than it can dismiss any other tax? No, sir;
no such suggestion as that, I undertake to say,
will be seriously argued here.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator means to
imply that I conceded there was anything in
that constitutional objection, he is very much
mistaken, because I argued the other way.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not mean so to
imply.
Mr. MORTON. But I was met by the
argument on the part of the chairman of the
committee, and by suggestions from more
than half a dozen Senators, and I think by my
friend from New York 
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no.
Mr. MORTON. I was met by suggestions
that to put on this bill an amendment repeal-
ing an internal revenue tax, while it was said
there was nothing in the objection, would have
the effect to complicate the bill and endanger
its passage through the other House. I yielded
against the convictions of my own judgment
to these representations.
Mr, CONKLING. The point is not very
important; but the Senator from Indiana is
mistake# if he supposes I ever made such a
suggestion. I will tell him the suggestion I
did make. I told him that many men and
many millions were paralyzed day after day by
the suspense of the tea and coffee tariff ques-
tion, and I appealed to him to take the bill for
better or for worse, as it then stood, without
these more recent reductions, and let it go
without any internal revenue provision. That
was my appeal to him, and I disclaim and
scout the idea that there is any difference in
the power of the Senate to amend a revenue
bill by dismissing an internal tax rather than
an external tax. It is sheer assumption.
jMr. President, I think I see the destiny of
this legislation. I have no right, as a rule, to
refer here to proceedings in the House of Rep-
resentatives. In order to respect that rule, I
will refer to the repetition by the chairman of
the Finance Committee here of what was said
in the House of Representatives. That I have
a right to refer to. Taking the statement made
in the Senate by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance, we know that the correspond-
ing chairman in the House holds that this bill
already has probably passed the bound of safe
reduction. We know that this bill, dismissing
as it does more than $80,000,000 of revenue,
exceeds some of the estimates of what we may
in all bills dismiss. We are trenching upon the
estimate presented to the country by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Senators, my friend from Vermont among
them—I, too, among them—have declared that
we could go further. A majority of a thin
Senate, scarcely more than a quorum, to-night
has been found to add to the reductions of this
bill, until they exceed $30,000,000. I have no
doubt the Senator from Vermont and others
will persevere as I shall, if we have the op-
portunity, in voting upon a separate bill for a
reduction of internal taxes; hut we must wait
until the House of Representatives sends us
such a bill. In the first place, the House of
Representatives will not send it, if we exhaust
their estimate of reductions now. In the next
place, the Senate will be frightened from its
propriety by a balance-sheet showing that we
shall leave the Government in the lurch if we
dismiss any more revenue.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask my friend,
as his point seems to be that we cannot make
this internal revenue amendment without put-
ting the House in the attitude of opposing us
on the ground that we have transcended our
rights, first, whether he thinks that the House
bill abolishing the duty upon tea and coffee is
a revenue bill in the constitutional sense?
Mr. CONKLING. I will answer my friend
with pleasure. His question is one which it
was recently my duty to consider, and con-
sider in the light of the judinent of abler mem-
bers of the Senate, when I had the honor to
be a member of a conference committee. My
own judgment is that the House is wrong in
its assertion of prerogative; that the Senate
has a right to dismiss a tax by a bill of its own,
and that in so doing the Senate does not ori-
ginate a revenue bill. That is my judgment.
That is the position which I united with the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania and the
honorable Senator from California in main-
taining. We failed. We met a committee
from the House sternly the other way, and the
House maintains the contrary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then, if I understand
my honorable friend, the House maintain that
this tea and coffee bill which they have sent
us is a revenue bill in the constitutional sense.
Mr. CONKLING. So I understand.
• Mr. EDMUNDS. That being so, then the
Constitution certainly says that we may pro-
pose amendments to this bill as to other bills.
This, then, in their sense being a revenue
bill, we may propose on it by amendment,
under the Constitution, to increase or diminish
the revenue of the country in any way we
think it right, may we not?
Mr. CONKLING. I have no doubt of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then we can go for this
without embarrassing the House on that ques-
tion.
Mr. CONKLING. So I have been arguing,
but not I fear arguing clearly. I am obliged
to my friend for making it clear. My posi-
tion, like the Senator's, is that we have aright
to amend this bill ad libitum,. If it is not a
revenue bill, certainly we have a right to
amend it. If it is a revenue bill, certainly v,-e
have a right to amend it, because the Constitu-
tion in express terms says we may. I deny
all distinction between amending the bill by
dismissing an internal tax, and amending it
by dismissing another tax.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I agree to that entirely.
Mr. CONKLING. And I shall be support-
ed by the Senator from Vermont and by every
other lawyer when I say that it is no less than
absurd to admit our right to amend by dis-
missing customs duties, and yet deny our right
to amend by dismissing internal taxes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a fact.
Mr. CONKLING. That is my position, and
I apprehend no difficulty on such a point. My
fear is, that Senators are to be beguiled into
suffering a revenue bill dismissing $30,000,000
to escape from their hands, relying upon see-
ing a bill from the House in reference to inter-
nal taxes, when the very bill we are acting
on may prevent the House from sending us
any reduction of internal taxes.
If we -want to insure reduction of iniernal
taxes after all the reductions we have made of
customs duties, the time is now. Now is the
day, and now is the hour. This bill lias been
swollen to such an extent that if it goes to the
House, the House may take us at our word
and say, '' We have done all that can be done at
tins session in lifting the burdens from the
shoulders of American industry."
On the other hand, suppose we adopt the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
