248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
the vpry organization which the Senator from
Mississippi denounced when lie said, " Down
with the Ku Klux." I mean that that organ-
ization has embodied in it just what is left of
slavery and of the rebellion. But, sir, the
experience of the country since the passage
of the law upon whose details many of us dif-
fered has been that that organization can be,
where the proper measures are taken, con-
trolled by the law; for its members have been
pleading guilty to the indictments against
them, have been found guilty before the juries,
and are now suffeting the penalty of their
crimes in the prisons of the country; so that
it can no longer be said, when you come to
speak of the spirit of rebellion animating these
men, that the law is not strong enough to
punish what is left of treason.
Sir, I am glad that we have arrived at that
point that the national law has vindicated its
power, and that where there have been con-
spiracies against the Goverumentof the United
States for the purpose of subverting its consti-
tutional provisions, and of depriving its citi-
zens of the rights of life, liberty, and property,
the members of those conspiracies have been
brought before the legal tribunals, and made
in a legal manner to submit to the penalty of
the law.
We have, then, arrived at a point where the
law is strong enough to cope with what is left
of slavery and the rebellion ; and having
arrived at that point, I think it is political
wisdom to remove these disabilities, and to
permit the people of the South a full choice
from ail their people of who shuli represent
them in the national and State councils. I
am willing, almost, at this period to go so far
as to say that I would make it universal, for
I have come to the conclusion that the few
exceptions which are used as a reason for
withholding it are the few that wouid make
the spiiit of rebellion more odious than it now
is if there should be such a mistake on the
part of the southern people as to put them in
a position where they could make that spirit
more conspicuous than they do in private life.
Jefferson Davis has been alinded to by the
Senator from Connecticut. While I coincide
with the Senator in the feelings which he ex-
pressed, and which perhaps all of us would
feel were it possible that those people could
send liim back to this Senate, I think we can
ail agree that if they could be guilty of such
an act. and could stand it, to have him here,
those who are opposed to him in political prin-
ciples could stand it better than they could. It
would not be political wisdom in them to pur-
sue such a suicidal course.
Now, sir, I look at this question entirely in
this light. _ I discard from the consideration of
it all teelings of resentment toward any man
or toward any community in the South ; I dis-
card all personal feelings that may have been
engendered by the events or the incidents of
the war, or what has occurred since ; and com-
ing down to look at it as broadly and as can-
didly as I can as one of political wisdom, I
shall vote for the removal of these disabilities,
believing that by doing so >ve not only afford
to these people an opportunity of showing their
devotion to the law. but that we can place our-
selves upon grounds where wecansay to them, :
'' Another excuse for the violations of the law -
has been removed, and henceforth we willhold
you to a more rigid accountability, and every
attempt a' a violation or the law .shall only be •
met.^ and will be met, by more rigid legislation
for the purpose of meeting and punishing it; :
ooey the law ; take the removal of these div '
abilities, and let us see how far you will fulfill !
the promises that have been made as to what ;
would be the result if these disabilities were
removed.''
Mr. MORi'Oy. Mr. President, it is much :
more important in my opinion, to get this
bin right than it is to make a handsome Christ-
mas psoseut, as was spoken of by the Senator
from Illinois. The amendment that I have
offered to this bill, as it now stands, prevents
it from relating back so as to make valid the
elections of persons to Congress who were
under disabilities when they were elected; to
prevent persons who knew themselves to be
disqualified by the fourteenth amendment, who
were known to be disqualified by the men who
voted for them, who submitted themselves as
candidates in defiance of the amendment and
were voted for in defiance of the amendment,
from having their elections made valid by the
passage of this bill. That is the simple amend-
ment now before the Senate, and I am willing
that the vote shall be taken upon it. I do not
care to discuss it.
1 was impressed by the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi. He spoke eloquently
and strongly; but I say to him, that while I
do not desire to delay the passage of this bill,
if such be the will of two thirds of the Senate,
yet I am unwilling that this bill shall pass
until it shall have been made right, as I think
it ought to be made.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think we can get
a vote on this bill to-day. I therefore move
to proceed to the consideration of executive
business. ["Oh, no."]
Mr. MORTON. Let us take a vote on the
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. It is very important that
we should have an executive session.
Mr. LEWIS. And it is very important that
we should pass this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas moves that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 18, noes 33.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I shall vote
for this bill; not as a measure of justice to the
South or of equality among citizens. I vote
for it as a sate and sound measure of public
| policy, as a thing of charity and mercy, ofun-
' merited grace. In passing this bill the less we
say about justice or equality the better. What-
ever may have been the wisdom of this pro-
vision ot the Constitution imposing disabilities,
neither justice nor equality were violated.
Those disabilities were, indeed, averv-—yes,sir.
very light punishment to iufiict by the country
upon those who sought through the fire and
blood of civil war to blot the Republic from
the list of nations. That crime and the motive
I for that crime would never be expiated by the
| simple prohibition for a few years of the right
i of a few^ guilty leaders of rebellion to hold
! office. _ Sir, when we think of justice to the
| actors in that dreadful crime, dungeons open
: their doors and scaff olds rise up before us. Do
not, sir, place this act of kindness, charity,
and mercy upon that justice which would have
doomed these men to a swift arid sure punish-
ment lor their sin against man and their crime
against their country. I say this not in hatred
of the South or the people of the South.' No,
sir, no. I never hated the South nor its people,
not even when they were drenching the land
with blood to keep manacles forever upon 1
human limbs. I hate no one, South or North,
neiuier man nor woman ; but the crimina'ity •
of the rebellion increases every day, and will
continue to increase a3 time shall more and
more distinctly reveal to the eyes of humauity '
the wickedness of its motives and purposes.
But the war ended six years ago. Its wicked
cause has utterly perished. The nation lives
in vigor and power. It can afford not to 1
execute justice, and to forgive the vanquished, i
It can with safety be magnanimous. It is
sound policy to be forgiving and generous and •
merciful now. So feeling and so believing, I
shall vote for this measure. I am not among !
those who believe that these restrictions have I
had anything to do with the Ku Kiux organ- j
, izations. Ihose organizations grew outofthe •
■ great ciime of slavery, that poisoned the very j
; bone and marrow of our people. 'ihat poison i
is not quite out of our system yet, either in
the North or in the South ; but it is w aring
away. Time, the providence of Cod. the
growth of free liberal ideas, and Christianity,
•will wear it out in the end; but it will take
two or three generations before we see the last
,j of it.
:j I shall vote for the bill as it is, but 1 desire
to say that I do not like its form. I wish the
second and third classes of exemptions were
•j out of the bill, so that the exceptions should
;! apply only to members of Congress, to mem-
;i hers of the Cabinet, and to members of the
:1 Supreme Court who were here in Washington
in the winter of 1801, and who left the capital
i; of their country to engage in rebellion. I
!; would be willing to pardon most of them when-
ever they asked for it. I would vote most
;| cheerfully for relieving the disabilities ol manv
; of those men if they should ask it. There are
I; others among them who 1 think are tjnite as
i| rebellious in this December, 1871, as they were
•j in December, 1860. I do not feel that we ought
i; to make any haste to relieve that class of men.
|| I repeat that I wish the second and third
;; classes of exceptions were out of this bill, and
|| if any bill shall come up during this session to
ji relieve men who left the Army and Navy, or
i; who were in the conventions that voted for
i! secession, I shall vote for it so as to have these
| disabilities apply entirely to members of Con-
!' gress who went out in 1800 and 1801.
!, The amendment moved by the Senator from
Indiana struck me at first as a proper provis-
ion. There have been men elected in some
of the States and men who have entered State
Legislatures in spite ot this constitutional pro-
vision. Knowing what the constitutional pro-
vision was, they were elected in violation of
it, and some of them were elected because
they were known to be hostile to it, and in
defiance of it. It was a sort of lingering rebel
spirit. Every man who has sac in a State
Legislature, or who has accepted an oihee and
discharged its duties, although his disabilities
have not been removed, ought to be classed
with those members of Congress who went out,
as a matter of justice, for subsequent conduct ;
but it is too late to do it now, and I unuei-
stand the amendment of the Senator from In-
diana will apply to only one man. 1 therefore
propose to vote for the bill as it is.
Now, a word iu regard to the amendment of
my colleague 
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. WII.SON. Certainly.
Mr. H! CRM AN. I only wish to say
to him, in regard to the amendment ul the
Serator from Indians, that it he will reflect
upon it he will see that it is of no earthly con-
sequence in the world, with great respect lor
that Senator. It does nothing in the worid to
aid General Abbott or to aid General Vance.
It provides that the passage of this act shall
not validate any election of any per-im who
was disqualified under the fourteenth amend-
ment. Nobody ever dreamed that the passage
of the bill could have any such effect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ihat is a very extra-
ordinary statement, if the Senator will par-
don me.
Mr. THU11MAN. If the Senator will hear
me through he will see that it is not "xtraor-
dinary, if I am not trespassing on tin; time
of the Senator from Massachusetts. It can
have no possible effect. If that e!ec;* >n was
absolutely void, then we cannot make it good
by any act ihat ive can pass. That is clear
enough. If the election of Vance was abso-
lutely void, no act of Congress can gi\c him a
seat on this floor, for that wouid he to elect
a, ^eP.ator' not by the Legis.ature of North
Carolina, but by the Congress of the United
States. '1 herefore. if Ihat election is abso-
lutely void, this bill can have no effect in sol-
ting it up and making it valid. That is plum
enough. If that election was not void, but
