2936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
in anything, agreed with me that day in regard
to the programme of surplus revenue which I
announced in April, and to which I then called
the attention of the dominant party in the
IJouse. In the Senate of the United States,
the distinguished gentleman who made the
Morrill tariff, as it was called, and which is
best known by that name, and who is one_of
the men best versed in the tariff of the high
protective party, announced the other day that
the surplus revenue would be $100,000,000,
and that $50,000,000 of taxation could be
taken off, and $50,000,000 appropriated to
the reduction of the public debt.
Another gentleman from Pennsylvania, who
represents the iron interest, in the Senate of
the United States, corroborated that fact, and
laid out the same programme. The gentleman
in the Senate from Ohio, who represents the
Finance Committee there, and is the organ of
that body, also agreed that there would be
$100,000,000 of surplus revenue, and that fifty
millions should be taken off in taxation, and
fifty millions be left for the reduction of the
public debt.
With these welcome facts before us, with a
Treasury abounding in surplus money, pro-
vocative often of unnecessary expenditures,
and tending to extravagance, our duty now is,
iirst, to see where we are, to lay out the topog-
raphy on our chart of expenditures and
incomes; second, to see what are the neces-
sary expenditures of this Government; and
thirdly, to find out the best way to raise the
money to provide for those expenditures. I
propose to discuss those three topics in as
brief a manner as possible, and with as few
allusions as possible to party prejudices or
passions, or to politico-economical prejudices
or passions.
Our debt, I agree with most gentlemen who
have spoken on that subject, is not to be abol-
ished in this day or this generation. We are
■ certainly pledged to its reduction to a certain
extent, to the extent of the pledge in the sink-
ing fund. Tlie debt to which the sinking fund
applies was, April 1st, $1,875,848,000, one per
cent, on which is $18,758,480, the amount
which we pledged to reduce per annum. 1
propose to comply with that pledge of the
sinking fund, and then to leave to the increas-
ing population of this country, and to the in-
coming immigration, which is now so large,
and to the great and ever-developing resources
of the country hereafter, the further reduction
or abolition of the public debt.
The second point to which I wish to call
the attention of this House is what should be,
and what are, the necessary expenses of this
Government, and no just man can propose to
spend more. The better way to understand
what are the necessary expenses of this, which,
as a republican, ought to be an economical
Government, is to contrast our expenditures
with one of the most extravagant, highly-
paid, monarchical, aristocratic Governments
in Europe, but more particularly that Gov-
ernment from which we are in the main de-
scended, whose language we speak as they
speak ours. The expenditures of the United
. States in 1871 were $292,177,000; these were
the expenditures of the Federal Government
alone; but it must be remembered there are
thirty-seven States in our Union that greatly
relieve this Federal Government from its ex-
penditures—States that to a certain extent
are sovereignties, that provide for their own
expenditures without any aid or help whatso-
ever from t.ie Federal Government—and this
fact recently led an eminent man in England,
Disraeli, in a speech which he recently made
at Manchester, to contrast, painfully to an
American, the expenditures of our sover-
eignty with those of the sovereignty of Queen
Victoria. He showed ip that speech, too
forcibly showed, I must confess, that with our
thirty-seven sovereign States and our Federal
Government the cost of sovereignty here, the
cost of Government in this Republic is beyond,
far, far beyond, the expenditures of the sov-
ereignty of that immense empire of Great
Britain, whose boundless domain now girdles
the earth, and whose area of expenditures,
therefore, encircles the globe.
The expenditures of the British Govern-
ment in 1871-72, a statement of which arrived
here yesterday officially, amounted to $358,-
600,000, being only $46,423,000 more than the
expenditures of this Federal Government of
the United States, (not including our thirty-
seven States,) and the attention of my honor-
able friend from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] who
watches expenditures so sharply, is especially
called to this fact, that $5,675,000 of those
expenditures were for ocean packet service, or
for what he calls subsidies for the transportation
of the mails of Great Britain, not inland, but
to foreign countries far beyond the little island
of Great Britain.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 desire to ask the gen-
tleman if he makes the statement in pounds
sterling or in dollars?
Mr. BROOKS. In dollars; I counted a
pound sterling as five dollars.
This great contrast of expenditures arrested
the attention of the philosophic mind of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gabfield,] chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations,
who in a speech which he made in January,
at an early period of the session, calculated
that the expenses of this Government were
per capita:
In 1830 ftl 03
In 1810  1 41
In 1850   1 60
In I860   1 91
In 1870   4 2(5
oi. excluding pensions, $3 52.
The statement made by the late Commis-
sioner of [menial Revenue—1 regret to say the
late—Mr. Welles, in his late vigorous article
written for the Cobden Club in London, is yet
more emphatic than that of the honorable
gentleman from Ohio. He says:
" During the decade from 1821 to 1831. the average
annual ordinary expenditures of the United Stales
were $12,390,000, or at tlie rate of $1 07 per capita of
the whole population.
" 1'Voin 1831 to 1841, $24,740,000, or SI 61 r cajrita.
11 From 1841 to IS-) 1, $33,700,000, or SI 63 per capita.
" From 1851 to 1801, $.37,870,000, or °i2 06 per capita.
"Or to bring out in still broader iclief the sim-
plicity and economy of the fiscal administration of
the United States, previous to the outbreak of the
civil war, it may be stated tlialtheper capita charge
ol the entire expenditure of the national Govern-
ment, including all payments on account of the prin-
cipal and interest ot any debt, during the most ex-
pensive year of tho existence of the nation prior to
1861, was $2 84, as compared with a present (1871)
annual debt charge alone per capita of $2 86; and
an annual additional per capita charge from other
expenditures of $4 37."
Perhaps no part of our country's history
ever presented so beautiful a picture to the
whole world as that prior to the outbreak of
our civil war, when peace and harmony reigned
everywhere, when our flag was borne all over
that world, and everywhere respected for its
enterprise and power—I may almost say,
adored. At that time there were five and a
half millions of American tonnage afloat; not
on our coast alone, not on our inland lakes and
rivers, not on the Pacific, clinging to our own
shores ; but a tonnage carrying our flag on the
distant waters of Japan and China, through
the straits of Malacca, in the Arabian and
Indian oceans, all along the coast of Europe,
in the Baltic and Black and Mediterranean
seas. And wherever an American placed his
foot, in any sequestered quarter of the globe,
there he beheld the flag of his country on
some merchant ship, and there he saw some
article of American-manufactured export—
more especially from the manufacturing States
of New England ; while now, scarce does he
see the flag except upon some steamer not
registered in this country, and then borne
almost in violation of our navigation laws ;
and he se.ldom or never sees a bale of goods
exported from Lowell or Lawrence, or from
any other of the manufacturing towns of this
country,
I cannot describe to gentlemen tbe pleasure
which I felt some years ago in seeing bales
of goods carried from Beirut on the coast
of Syria, packages and bales of merchandise
on camels, bearing theimpress ofLowell manu-
facturers; thus exposing the signs of our thrift
and enterprise to the eyes of the people of the
East. With pride and pleasure I saw the fruits
of the industry of Massachusetts carried all
around the globe. But the picture and spec-
tacle no longer exists ; the exports of manu-
factures from Massachusetts have nearly all
In 1860 our exports of cotton manufac-
tures were $10,934,796. In 1870, alas! they
were only $3.782,282. In 1860 our exports
of iron manufactures—and I call the attention
of the honorable gentlemen from Pennsylvania,
especially those on this side of the House, to
this fact—our exports in 1860 of iron manu-
factures were $5,514,288, while in 1870 they
were only $2,712,305.
And now I call the attention of the honor-
able gentleman who represents tbe districts
of Lynn and Haverhill, in Massachusetts, to
the article of boots and shoes. There were
exported in 1860, of boots and shoes, $782,525.
In 1870, with all the machinery recently invent-
ed for the manufacture of boots and shoes,
which supersedes manual labor, and notwith-
standing the increase of population, only
$419,612 worth of boots and shoes was ex-
ported. Or, to sum this all up, and includ-
ing woolen manufactures (in 1860, $389,512;
in 1870, only $179,087,) this fact is presented :
in 1860 we exported S17,600,000 worth of the
manufactures that I have named, while in
1870 we exported only $7,158,286 worth. Few
statistical facts can be more melancholy than
these.
If there be anything which marks the growth
and grandeur of a nation beyond theinclosure
of its own shell, anything which distinguishes
the American Republic from the walled-up,
shelled-in monarchy of China, whose internal
commerce is just as vast as ours, if not vaster,
whose junks are as numerous as our river and
canal-boats ; if there be anything which distin-
guishes the barbarian Chinese from the Amer-
ican civilized citizen, it is the capacity of the
American republican if untrammeled by bad
laws, to export his own manufactures all over
the earth to the other civilized and uncivilized
nations, and, in addition to that, the capacity
to carry them under its own flag and not under
the flag of England, our rival Power.
The ships and shipping entering our ports
in 1871 were 401,890,864 tons, cariied under
foreign flags, but, alas ! a most melancholy pic-
ture, only 172,131 tons carried under the flag
of the United States. Hence, along the coast
of Maine, that State in which I feel io deeply
interested as the Slate of my birth, along the
greater part of the coast upon the ocean, the
population is decreasing ; while prior to 1860
its manufacturing marts of ships like Waldo-
borough and Damariscotta and Bath and places
corresponding with those, as well as many
ports of Massachusetts and New York, were
ringing with the sound of the hammer wielded
by the American mechanic upon American
timber for the construction of American ships
to carry everywhere the American flag. _
Now, contemplating this state of things it
behooves us to look closely at our condition
and to see what expenditures are necessary
and nothing more. In this respect I am happy
to say that I agree nearly with the honorable
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gakfield,] who
at an early period of the session, in January
last, made a speech from which I shall quote,,
after 1 shall have made an exhibit of a table
of what I think ought now to be the expenses
of this Government. I take the expenditures
of 1860 as the foundation of what the expend-
itures ought now to be, when that prosperous
