2040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
the result of impulse rather than of delibera-
tion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
Senator, on the question of our right to make
this amendment, whether there can he any
doubt, inasmuch as the House of Representa-
tives say that 'this kind of a bill is the very
bill that is a revenue bill? They refused to
act upon our bill repealing^ certain internal
taxes upon the ground that it was a revenue
bill. Now they send us a bill of exactly the
kind that they say is a revenue bill. Can there,
therefore, be any questionthat they will retire
upon their own record?
Mr. MORTON. If my friend had been here
all the time during the progress of this discus-
sion, he would have heard me argue, perhaps
half a dozen times, that there was nothing in
that objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not my point.
We all understand that there is nothing in the
objection ; but can the House of Representa-
tives say that there is anything in the objection
when this is the identical kind of bill which
they asserted was a revenue bill?
Mr. MOIiTON. I think they cannot; but
it has been urged upon me by the chairman
of the committee and by numerous other
Senators on this floor, that there were peculiar
notions in the House on this subject, and that
if we put in any amendment repealing a single
internal revenue tax, when the bill went back
to the House the House would not strike out
that section as they might do, but it would be
a question of order, and the whole bill would
be laid on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The House has taken no
such ground.
Mr. MORTON. That was the argument of
my friend from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sena-
tor from Vermont that members of the House,
whom I will not name here because it would
be improper, but for whose opinion he has
sincere respect, prominent members of the
House, take the position that these two clauses
ot the Constitution must be construed so as to
give both of them aa effective meaning. They
have the power to originate a revenue bill;
we have the power to propose amendments.
Ihey claim that the construction put upon the
latter clause by the Senate would make utterly
nugatory that whole provision. This is their
claim, not mine. Ihey say that when a propo-
sition is sent here to affect customs duties, the
utmost we can do is to propose amendments
which are in strict parliamentary law, under
the old parliamentary law, the law in force at
the time the Constitution was framed, ger-
mane to the subject-matter 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now let ma tell the Sen-
ator that there never was any such parliament-
ary law ; that the parliamentary law when the
Constitution was made was just as it is now;
that you can propose in a parliamentary sense
any amendment to any bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to finish
my sentence. _ I am not stating my opinion,
but I am stating the opinion of these gentle-
men whom the Senator respects. Let him go
and converse with them and have long talks
with them, as I have had. I do not think
myself there is any limit to our power to
amend.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me tell the Senator
that if any member of the House of Repre-
sentatives asserts that if they send us a bill
which they say is a revenue bill, we cannot
ainend that bill in any respect that we please,
then I am bound to say that I have no respect
for his opinion. I do not believe the Sena-
tor correctly understands anybody who asserts
such a thing. The only public information
that we have is that the House of Represent-
atives say that we cannot originate a bill that
repeals taxes, for the reason that a bill that
repeals taxes is a revenue bill under the Con-
stitution. Now, they send us a bill repealing
taxeSj the very bill that they say is a revenue
bill, and then the Constitution says, and they
have not said otherwise, and they never will,
that we may amend it as we like.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire, if it is in my power,
to accept the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Vermont to the amendment which I
offered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
do that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to my friend
from Pennsylvania to add after "banks " the
word " bankersso as to read " banks, bank-
ers, and banking."
Mr. SCOTT. Let me read to my friend
what I propose as a substitute if I have per-
mission to do so after accepting his amend-
ment. I had hoped to avail myself of a sec-
tion which was prepared carefully for the
purpose of repealing these taxes, but unfortu-
nately it is not now within reach ; and as the
best substitute for getting the best language to
reach it, I recur to the resolution offered a few
mornings ago by the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill,] intended to reach this pur-
pose, which I think will obviate all the objec-
tions that have been made, and I will offer as
an amendment the following whichl will read
so thatmy friendfrom Vermont[Mr. Edmunds]
can see whether it reaches his purpose :
That the internal revenue laws now in force im-
posing taxes, as follows: the tax on illuminating
gas. the income tax, the taxes imposed by section
one hundred and ten of tlie act entitled "An act to
provide internal revenue to support the Govern-
ment, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved J une 30, 1864, as subse-
quently amended, except the tax on banks and
bankers, and the laws imposing taxes payable by
stamps, excepting such as relate to distilled spirits,
fermented liquors, and tobacco, snuff, and cigars, be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. The tax imposed by sec-
tion one hundred and ten is the tax on bankers
and banks.
Mr. SCOTT. Therefore I except that out
of the operation of the repeal.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator repeals sec-
tion one hundred and ten.
Mr. SCOTT. Except as to this tax.
Mr. SHERMAN. The whole of section oue
hundred and ton relates to that tax.
Mr. SCOTT. I drew this amendment hastily
at my seat for the purpose of testing the sense
of the Senate upon it. I do not wish, certainly,
as a member of the Committee on Finance or
as a member of the Senate, to introduce any
ill-advised or hasty legislation; but this is an
important point, upon which it is important
that the sense of the Senate should be tested,
and if we can test the sen'se of the Senate to-
night, if it is in favor of this amendment, I
shall myself move to reconsider, for the pur-
pose of giving time to adjourn and perfect it
before we pass the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
modified his proposition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear it
reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. BLAIR. I move an amendment to the
amendment, to strike out the income tax from
this amendment, I understand that the income
tax has expired, but there is a portion of it
due already, and the amendment of the Senator
from Pennsylvania is to repeal that.
Mr. CONKLING. In what sense does the
Senator mean " due already ?"
_ Mr. BLAIR. It has been assessed and is
m process of collection now.
Mr. CONKLING._ .Assessed in May and
paid after that. It is just like any other cur-
rent tax.
Mr. BLAIR. At a ay rate my amendment
reaches that point. I do not wish those "who
have income, and who are therefore wealthy
people, and who are better able to pay taxes
than anybody else in this country, to be re-
lieved, while taxes are^ imposed on the com-
munity a-t large, and while enormous taxes are
being collected from our poorest people.
Mr. HILL. I shall not know how to vote
upon the modified proposition of the Senator
from Pennsylvania as I caught it in hearing it
read. It seems to embrace a series of taxes
embraced by a particular act. I should have
to have that act before me so as to see how far
it goes. It embraces too much for me to act
on it now. I do not know how to vote. I do
not know how it is with the remainder of the
Senate; but I confess my own ignorance as
to the particular taxes imposed by that special
statute which is referred to, and I should like
to examine it.
Mr. SCOTT. I was mistaken in saying that
the section which I supposed was in the Sen-
ate was not here. I am favored with it now,
and that section relates entirely to the tax on
banks and bankers, so that the ameudment
carefully prepared would strike out the refer-
ence to the section. I modify the amend-
ment so as to read:
That on and after the first day of July, 1872, the
taxes hereinafter specified, imposed by internal
revenue laws now in force be, and the same are
hereby, repealed, namely: the tax on illuminating
gas, the income tax, the tax on banks and bankers,
and all taxes payable by stamps, excepting such as
relate to distilled spirits, fermented liquors, and
tobacco, snuff, and cigars.
It will be necessary in order to include the
income tax to say that that repeal shall take
effect immediately.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to the Senator
from Pennsylvania to insert after the word
" bankers," the word " banking;" soastoread
"banks, bankers, and banking."
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senate are de-
termined to legislate on a question of this
importance _ at this period, they must take
time to do it. This section was prepared as
one of a series of sections in regard to inter-
nal revenue, and it was prepared to repeal
the taxes intended to be repealed, and it
specifies them. My friend from Pennsylvania
in his hurry reading it, I think, overlooks the
scope of it:
That on and after the 1st day of July, 1872, the
taxes hereinafter specified, imposed by internal rev-
enue laws now in force be, and the same are hereby,
repealed, namely: the tax on illuminating- gas, the
taxes imposed by section one hundred and ten of the
act entitled An act to provide internal revenue
the Government, to pay interest on the
£? no1?/1' for other^purposes," approved June
rn, 18b4, as subsequently amended, excent the tax
on banks and bankers—
I understand he desires to strike that out
now—•
and all taxes payable by stamps, excepting such
as relate to distilled spirits, fermented liquors, and
tobacco, snuff, and cigars.
My own judgment is that if the Senate are
determined to act upon these taxes to-night, this
amendment to repeal the tax on illuminating
gas and the tax imposed by stamps would repeal
all internal taxes except the tax on banks and
bankers, the residuum of the income tax, and
the taxes on spirits, tobacco, and beer. But
while I make these observations lot me remind
Senators that this repeal, unaccompanied by
fall and detailed legislation, would be the most
foolish course that could possibly be adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then give us the detailed
legislation.
Mr. SHERMAN. How can we?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Propose it.
Mr. CONKLING. If my honorable friend
will pardon me, he can do it on this bill, or if
there is no time now he can do it in a separate
bill, which will follow as a matter of course
Mr. SHERMAN. _ It is impossible to legis-
™ on this subject without having ample time,
xou cannot legislate on internal taxes without
consolidating the whisky tax; that is composed
ot four different taxes, all of which must be
recited and specified, and the rate of the spirit
tax must be increased correspondingly. How
can you legislate on these internal taxes, leav-
ing these broken threads of internal revenue
in force, without having long, detailed legis-
lation. lhe Senator asks me why I do not
propose the amendments now at this hour of
the night. Why, Mr. President, by the under-
standing oi the Committee on Finance, and by
