1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
simply voidable, the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Indiana does not affect the question
oneway or the other.
Mr. WILSON. A word in regard to the
amendment moved by my colleague. I am
glad that he has moved it, and that he has
brought it forward now, for the reason that, the
attention of the Senate, of Congress, and of
the country has been called to its provisions.
I hope that we shall fix an early day for. the
consideration of that bill. If it is moved as
an amendment upon this bill, it will evidently
be put at disadvantage. We have had a debate
upon it; the Senate and the country will now
see what its provisions are; and I want the
Senate to come up to the work of debating it,
acting upon it, passing it, and incorporating
it into the laws of the country at an early day.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I expect
to vote for this bill and for such amendments
to it as meet my judgment. I do not now
think of any for which I shall vote, but prob-
ably amendments will be offered for which I
will vote. I desire to be considered as in favor
of this bill. But it has not been usual to sit
out a bill on the first day on which it has been
debated, and I do not think we ought to sit
out this bill to-night. The debate on it is far
from being exhausted. I rise, therefore, sim-
ply to submit a proposition that to-morrow at
four o'clock, or at any other hour that is con-
venient to Senators, if the debate is not ex-
hausted before that time, the general debate
be considered at an end, and that the ordinary
debate on amendments only be allowed. This
is a subject that everybody understands very
we'll; still, it is a very important one, and I
do not think we ought to press the vote to-night.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
honorable Senator from Ohio if he has known
of a case where, on the first day of debate on
a bill, anybody insisted upon voting on it the
next day or sitting it out?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannotfind any such
instance
Mr. SHERMAN. I think I could.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio a=iks for general assent to an under-
standing that debate be closed and voting on
amendments commence to-morrow at four
o'clock.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I suggest to the Sen-
ator to say two o'clock.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, and others.
Fix it at two o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. If we are through with
the debate by two o'clock, we can then pro-
ceed to vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not assent to any-
thing but four o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think four o'clock
will be quite as soon as the debate will be
exhausted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There does not seem
to be any disposition to debate the bill at
length. Cannot we fix the time for two
o'clock?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
two o'clock myself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To-morrow is the last
dav before the holidays.
Mr. MORTON. There is no consentto that
hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have inquired of sev-
eral Senators, who object to as early an hour
as two o'clock, stating that they desire to
express their opinions; but so far as I have
heard any remark about it, they are willing to
take four o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Ohio will listen to me one moment, I beg to
suggest that to-morrow is the day 011 which
we adjourn for the holidays. Many Senators,
I know, are anxious to leave the city to-mor-
row evening. If we do not commence to vote
until four o'clock, and amendments may be
offered after that, they will be kept here too
late to leave to-morrow evening. They desire
to get home this week. I therefore suggest
three o'clock. Voting on amendments with-
out debate will not take long, I presume.
Why not say three o'clock ?
Mr. EDMONDS. I will not agree to three
o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. So far as I am concerned
I am ready to vote in ten minutes, but I know
that four o'clock is as early an hour as can be
agreed upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the gen-
eral assent of the Senate given to the propo-
sition of the Senator from Ohio, that at four
o'clock to-morrow general debate shall cease
on this bill and voting shall commence on the
amendments?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With five minutes explan-
ation by those who offer amendments I will
agree to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The ordinary five-min-
utes debate.
Mr. ROBERTSON. That is, to those who
offer amendments, but to none others.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
then understands that that is the general assent
of the Senate.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do hope that (he
Senator from Ohio will accept half past two
o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. But other Senators de-
cline to agree to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont objects to anything sooner
than four o'clock.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Senator from Ver-
mont certainly will agree to it when he hears
the reason. He is a liberal and courteous
gentleman. There are a good many western
gentlemen who are obliged- to leave by three
o'clock to-morrow in order to get home by
Christmas.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not make the least
objection to that. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENSON. _ So I understand ; but
I know the good feeling of the Senator will
induce him to agree to my request.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend from Ken-
tucky will pardon me for saying that I think it
unjust to force a vote upon this bill until debate
shall have been exhausted in the ordinary way,
at least until it appears after the bill is up
that there is a disposition to procrastinate, and
I think it very unusual. Therefore, I think it
an act of great liberality to agree to four
o'clock. I should be very glad indeed to oblige
my friend from Kentucky, but I cannot do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 suppose we can sit it
out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly, and I can sit
here as long as you can.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any
objection to four o'clock?
Mr. CONKLING, For what purpose?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That debate
shall cease at four o'clock, and then that there
shall be only five-minutes debate on amend-
ments. The Chair hears no objection. Such
is the general assent of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That being the under-
standing, I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
Mr. CORBETT. We ought to have an exec-
utive session for a few minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Illinois withdraw the motion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ihopewesballnotadjourn.
We ought to have an executive session of five 1
minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question ,
is on the motion of the Senator from Illinois, ;
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
executive session.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was sgrced to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After seven minutes spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, and the
Senate (at four o'clock and forty-two minutes
p. m.) adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 20,1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
committee on public buildings, etc.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Jletolved, That the resolution of the House of
April 17, authorizing the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds to employ a clerk, shall be
so construed as to pay said cleik during the time
Congress is in session, but not during the recesses
between the sessions.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
post route bill.
Mr. KILLINGER. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce, and have put upon its pas-
sage, a bill for the establishment of certain
post routes, which, I am informed, it is too
late to have inserted in the general post route
bill passed yesterday.
There was no objection, and the bill (II. R.
No. 777) was introduced, read three times,
and passed.
Mr. KILLINGER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
delegate sworn in.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I present
the credentials of Mr. Gallegos, the Delegate
from the Territory of New Mexico, and ask
that he be sworn in.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
there is no contest in this case?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. There is not.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will pre-
sent himself, and take the o'ath of office.
Mr. Jose M. Gallegos appeared and quali-
fied by taking the oath.
civil service reform.
Mr. BEATTY. I rise to make a privileged
report. 1 am instructed by the Committee on
Printing to offer the following concurrent res-
olution :
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring.) That there he
printed twenty-five thousand copics of the Presi-
dent's message and accompanying documents relat-
ing to civil service reform, fourteen thousand for the
use ofthe House, seven thousand forthe Senate, and
lour thousand forthe Executive.
Mr. BEATTY. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mail service.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I ask unanimous con-
sent to offer the following preamble and reso-
lutions :
Whereas the honorable the Postmaster General,
in his late annual report of the condition and busi-
ness of his Department, in endeavoring to account
for the lai ge cxcess of the cost over and above the
receipts of what he denominates "temporaiy ser-
vice,'' says ho acted "in strict conformity with the
opinion of the Attorney General," under date ot
Jdly 22, 1871, in proceeding to make temporary con-
