1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2041
the understanding of the House of Represent-
atives, as I supposed, these subjects of internal
taxes and duties were to be severed and sep-
arated from each other, as they had always
been heretofore, except in one particular case.
I trust the Senate, therefore, will be conscien-
tious about this matter, and not pass anything
about internal revenue to-night. If they are
determined to put on an amendment of this
kind, I should desire an adjournment. If my
honorable friend from New York desires an
adjournment, to defeat the customs bill that
has already practically passed, he can accom-
plish that. If the three or four Senators here
who are determined to make us adjourn at
this hour, want time to examine a bill that has
already been agreed upon, be it so.
Mr. CONKLING. Will my friend pardon
me a moment, not upon this point, butanother
which hejust left? I do not understand what
the Senator means by telling us that if we
repeal certain taxes and say expressly that wo
do not repeal any taxes relating to whisky
we should leave four taxes, which would re-
quire to be consolidated any more after the
other taxes are repealed than they do now.
Now upon the other point, if the Senator will
allow me, I do not wish any time except that
time which is necessary to perfect this bill.
That time I do wish, and I am persuaded, as
I said when the Senator was not in his seat,
that if this bill passes from us and is concurred
in by the House of Representatives he and I
shall get no time upon a biil which the House
is to originate when wo can repeal internal
taxes. Therefore, I want an adjournment if
necessary to perfect the bill, but of course I
do not want time merely.
Mr. SHERMAN. I heard every word that
the Senator said. The idea that we shall not
have an opportunity to repeal these internal
taxes, with all due deference to my friend
from New York, is simply a palpable error.
The Senator himself early this day, and on a
previous day, said we were to have sixty mil-
lions of surplus revenue. I felt that lie was
drawing the bow rather too long. Fifty mil-
lions is a fair estimate, and passing the bill as
it is we have twenty millions left.
Mr. TRUMBULL. WWill the Senator from
Ohio allow me to inquire whether there are
not several other bills here on which this
amendment could be moved as well as this?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, yes. There is no
more doubt that the House of Representatives
will give us the opportunity to pass all proper
and carefully prepared legislation in regard to
internal taxes than that we are here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have the coal and
salt and other bills here, have we not?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes. To doubt it is
to suppose that we would neglect the most
important duty of the session. I suppose
nobody contemplates it. Is it courteous to the
House of Representatives, who have this mat-
ter now under consideration, who by their
committee have carefully elaborated amend-
ments to an internal tax bill, for us to thrust
this confessedly imperfect legislation into this
tariff bill? The Senator does it for the pur-
pose of delay. He desires delay, I suppose, to
examine the bill as it now stands. I am per-
fectly willing to agree to that. I do not want
to force the matter.
Mr. POMEROY obtained the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to
yield to me for a moment if he is not in haste.
I wish to reply to the Senator from Ohio for a
moment on two or three points.
Mr. POMEROY. Very well.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Ohio
wants to know if it is courteous. Yes, sir;
and I will tell him exactly how courteous it
is: just as courteous as it is when the House
is working also on a tariff bill to thrust that
at them. So much for that.
The Senator from Illinois thinks he helps
the Senator from Ohio by reminding him that
there are other bills on which we can put this
amendment as well as this one. Let me an-
swer that, lest it may mislead somebody. If
we send this bill to the House, and the House
acts upon it and accepts it, the money is gone
from the Treasury, and then to put the amend-
ment on some other bill is to lock up the sta-
ble after the horse has been stolen. So much
for that.
One other thing. The Senator from Ohio
says if I want to adjourn he is ready to do it,
and if I want to waste time I think he almost
said he was ready to do that. I do not want
to waste a minute. On the contrary, I want
to make all the haste we can, and am willing
for one to sit here until the sun rises to-morrow
morning, if it is 'necessary, in order to have
this bill right. I do not want to be so econom-
ical .of time as to do a foolish thing, or to
do a thing which will seem foolish to-mor-
row. I do not want the Senate here with a
bare quorum to do a thing which the Senate
full, upon reflection, would not do ; and least
of all do I want to be managed into a predica-
ment by whieli we shall be left for the session
without the opportunity of reducing internal
taxes ; because, sir, 1 wish to go a little farther
than I have gone already, although the Sen-
ator from Illinois' thought there might be a
little impulse in this. I would rather see this
tariff and every part of it, as it was and as it
is, fail, than to lose the opportunity of amend-
ing the internal revenue system of the coun-
try. I think it is as important as that. There-
fore I want now to put the amendment on the
bill that the House of Representatives may
have the whole thing before them, to go with
the Senator from Ohio and myself for the
sixty millions redaction if they will; but
if they will only go for twenty-eight or thirty
millions, then to distribute the little where it
ought to be. That is my policy.
Mr. POMEROY. I think it is evident that
we ought to have some more deliberation on
this measure. The chairman of the commit-
tee is not prepared to perfect his measure if
we are going into this question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish the Sen-
ator to say that. The measure now is ready
for passage, but a new subject-matter is thrown
upon us.
Mr. POMEROY. I am talking about the
new subject-mattcr. The Senator says there
is not time to arrange it; that if wo are going
into this question there is not time now to give
it that deliberation which it ought to receive.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope, therefore, the
Senate will not do it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope theSenator from
Kansas will allow me a word before he makes
the motion which I see he is going to make.
If it is the disposition of the Senate to add the
repeal of internal revenue taxes to this bill,
then 1 think it is manifestly proper that the
bill should bo recommitted to the Finance
Committee, that the appropriate detailed legis-
lation may be added to it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust not.
Mr. ANTHONY. Therefore, I should like
to take the sense of the Senate, first on the
motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania, and
if that should be adopted, then the bill should
be recommitted to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is too late to recom-
mit it now.
Mr. POMEROY. If we adjourn now, we
can arrange the details of the bill very easily
between now and noon to-morrow.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator will yield
to me for a moment, I desire to say just one
word. If this amendment is to be persisted
in repealing internal taxes, in regard to which
I am now rejoiced to find there is a very full
appreciation, the amendment ought to be ma-
tured. I want to have the amendment right,
so that there shall not be a stumbling-block
in the other House. I never thought it would
be a stumbling-block in the other House, and
I shall vote for it. At the same time, I do not
believe that anything can be done between
this and twelve o'clock to-morrow that will
seriously imperil the passage of the bill. I
think we all understand just what the matter
is now exactly. Therefore, I am willing to
adjourn.
Mr. POMEROY, (at eighto'clock and forty
minutes p. m.) I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, no; let us finish
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas moves that the Senate do now adjourn,
which is not debatable.
Mr. POMEROY called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 27 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Boreman, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Ferry ofMichigan, Frelinghuy-
sen, Gilbert, Hitchcock. Pomeroy, Scott, and Stew-
art—13,
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Carpenter, Cnsserly,
Cooper, Cragin, Davis of West Virginia, Eduiunds,
T(1criton, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton oflexas,
Hamlin, Ilarlan, Hill, Howe, ICelloKg, Logan, Mor-
rillot' Vermont. Morton. Norwood, Robertson. Saw-
yer, Sherman, Stevenson, Trumbull, West, Wilson,
and Wright—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Clayton, Corbett,
Davis of Kentucky, Ferry ot Connecticut, FlanagaD,
Groldthwaite, Johnston, Kelly, Lewis, Morrill of
Maine, Nye. Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Rice, Saulsbury, Schurz, Spencer, Spragae,
Stockton, Sumner, Xhurman, Tipton, Vickers, and
Windom—33.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
again recurs on the motion of the Senator
from Pennsylvania as modified.
Mr. HILL. I should like to hear the modi-
fication read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
Has the Senator from Pennsylvania sent up
his last modification?
Mr. SCOTT. I believe the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has it.
Mr. BLAIIi. I desire to renew my amend-
ment to that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair so
supposed. As soon as the amendment of the
Senator from Pennsylvania can be reported,
the Senator from Missouri can then see to
what part of it he wishes his amendment to
apply.
Mr. SCOTf. I suggest that the question
can be taken on the motion of the Senator
from Missouri as well as on the modified
amendment,, for it brings up squarely the
question of the income tax.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As first read
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, the amend-
ment repealed the income tax after the 1st of
July; hut it was proposed to put that in a
separate paragraph, and then the Senator
from Missouri moved to strike out that addi-
tional paragraph. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania proposes to repeal certain taxes on
the 1st of July, and the income tax from and
after the passage of this act, and the Senator
from Missouri moves to amend the amendment
by striking out that part of it in relation to
the income tax.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to ask whether a
part of the income tax has not been paid? I
understand all that falling due on bonds of
corporations has already been paid, was taken
out when the interest was paid under the law;
so that if wo repeal the tax yet unpaid, we
ought to provide for refunding what has been
paid.
Mr. CONKLING. That is not the income
tax.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understand
that that part of the amendment does not take
effect until the 1st of July.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania stated that he was going to
modify it so as t© have its repeal operate at
once.
Mr. SCOTT. The amendment as now mod-
ified will go into effect on the 1st of July for
all other taxes, for the reason that there are
