1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1145
cordial support, and if no other gentleman
introduces a resolution of this sort, I will do
it, myself in view of the impending danger
which is hanging over our country. In the
name of God, sir, let us appreciate the posi-
tion and the dignity of this country. We are
no longer a second-rate Power. We are in a
position almost to dictate terms to the whole
world. Why, sir, it is a matter of no moment
to us whether we go to war with Great Britain
or not. What would a war with Great Britain
be compared with the stupendous war which
agitated our country, the great civil war which
has desolated the whole southern portion of
our land? In that war, sir, we have incurred
a debt of thousands of millions of dollars ; and
war with England would cost not one fourth,
or perhaps it might be one half, of that amount.
It is a matter of very little moment to us. The
American people are a military people. We
love justice, and we stand upon the principles
of justice.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. MAYNARD. Before the honorable
gentleman from Maryland takes his seat I
would be glad if he would inform me a little
more fully in regard to the fact which he
stated that a clerk in the State Department
had been employed as one of these commis-
sioners.
Mr. SWANN. I do not know whether you
call him a clerk; I referred to the Assistant
Secretary of State.
Mr. MAYNARD, I supposed the gentle-
man referred to the Assistant Secretary of
State.
Mr. SWANN. I referred to Mr. Bancroft
Davis; but I meant no disparagement at all
to the gentleman.
Mr. L. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, I should
not attempt at this time to discuss the bill
now before the Committee of the Whole but
for some remarks that have fallen from the
lips of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Swann,] who reports this bill, in relation
to the Russian mission. I am glad to (iud
he agrees substantially with mo and with the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, that at the
proper time (and if this is not the time it
will soon come) that mission should be raised
to one of the first class. I cannot, however,
allow the subject to pass without stating what
has been done looking to legislation in this
particular.
I entirely disagree with the gentleman in
his intimation that because the minister from
Russia to this country has done or has not
done his duty in his diplomatic capacity, that
should affect our legislation in regard to that
great nation, which has been our steadfast
friend for so many years, and is our fiiend at
this time, and to the son of whose emperor
the American people are now extending their
heartfelt welcome.
After the termination of the war between
Prance and Germany, the President of the
United States sent a special message to Con-
gress recommending that the mission to Ger-
many should be placed among first-class mis-
sions, designated in the act of 1856. Up to
the date of that message there were but two
first-class missions from this country, those to
Great Britain and France. The recommend-
ation of the President was eminently a proper
one. That war had resulted in uniting the
German States in one empire, and ranked
them among the great Powers of Europe.
Their people were our friends, too, many
thousands of whom yearly sought our shores,
making this country the land of their adop-
tion, pleased with our free institutions, and
aiding us to sustain them. Congress cor-
dially concurred in the propriety of the meas-
ure.
The subject was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, which unanimously agreed
to report it favorably as well as a bill or amend-
ment raising also the mission to Russia in like
manner. The committee, however, was not I
again called for reports. But in the closing
hours of the last Congress, and in deference
to the recommendation of the President of
the United States, the Committee on Appro-
priations, by an amendment at the end of an
appropriation bill, raised the mission to Ger-
many to one of the first class; a very proper
step, as I have observed, and approved by the
judgment of the American people.
Since that time a bill was introduced which
has met the sanction of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs—I can say that much, for at
the proper time it will be reported to this
House—to place the mission to Russia in the
first class, with the missions to Great Britain,
France, and Germany. I should move that
amendment to the present bill, notwithstand-
ing the difficulties Mr. Catacazy may have had
with this Government, and notwithstanding all
that has been said about him, for I protest
against the precedent of making the conduct
of an official who has been withdrawn by his
Government interfere with an act of justice to
that country and to ourselves, and feel sure
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Swann]
does not intend to be construed as desiring
such a result. The relations between Russia
and America remain as before. If there is a
lack of the usual cordiality in the correspond-
ence 011 this subject, it is but temporary, and
will not disturb the warm friendship between
the two countries. Mr. Catacazy may have
erred, but his name should not have entered
into the discussion of this question.
A bill is now being considered in the Sen-
ate, which will come here in due time and be
referred to the appropriate committee, and I
trust it may be reported back for action by
this Houso before the close of this session—a
bill to regulate the salaries of our ministers
and consuls abroad. When it comes up for
action, I have no doubt this mission to Russia
will be made one of the first class, on a par
with Great Britain, France, and Germany.
Russia is one of the first Powers of the world.
Her empire contains eighty-two million peo-
ple—more than double the population of
either France or Germany—Russia in Europe
alone having sixty-three millions, or twice
that of Great Britain and Ireland. It is not,
however, because of her population or vast
territory alone that this measure becomes
proper, nor yet that the enlightened policy of
her emperor, in a time of profound peace,
emancipated thirty-five million serfs—an act
of justice unparalleled iu history ; but, added
to these consideiations, and above them all,
stands the reason that Russia has been the
firm friend of the United States, the moral
force of whose support was never felt more
powerfully than during the trying periods of
the rebellion. Our minister to that country,
with the great expense of a residence at St.
Petersburg, should have a salary equal to the
highest. When the bill I refer to comes here
for action, I hope also the present inadequate
salaries to our consuls will be increased and
adjusted, for many of the salaries now paid
under our consular system stand as a disgrace
to our Government.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Swaxn]
has spoken of economy in the State Depart-
ment. That is all very well, and the State
Department is to be commended for such a
course. But that Department is operating
under the law. It is an unwise economy to
send men abroad to represent the honor and
dignity of the American nation on salaries of
§500 and $1,000, when the expense of taking
their families to their place of service often
requires more than that sum where on leaving,
u sale, frequently at auction, of their furniture
and goods entails additional loss upon them.
We send our consuls to many countries
where diseases are prevalent, which bring them
face to face with death at certain seasons of
the year; to many where the expense of living
is twofold what it is here; to still more the
increasing business and importance of the
posts demand greater compensation, and to
some where the consulate should be abolished;
yetyear af ter year wepass these appropriations,
going in the same old groove, because forsooth,
other Congresses have affixed to a certain con-
sulate a certain compensation; be it $4,000,
$3,000, or running down to $500, the starva-
tion salary at which a number of them are
placed in the present bill.
Mr. SWANN. There is now pending in the
Committee on Foreign Affairs a bill looking
to the reformation of the whole consular sys-
tem of this Government. I am of opinion' that
that system requires change. I think that
many of the salaries are wholly inadequate;
while there are other salaries which ought to
to be discontinued for the reason that there are
no duties to be performed by the officers
drawing the salaries. There ought to be a
revision of the consular system; and a bill is
now in course of preparation which will no
doubt come into this House with tho sanction
of the State Department, placing this whole
matter upon a proper footing.
Mr. L. MYERS. The gentleman agrees
with me. That is the bill to which I referred ;
and the pendency of that bill is the reason
why I may not press the question of the
Russian mission upon this appropriation bill,
although 1 reserve to myself the right to do so.
But I wish to have distinctly understood the
reason why, in a number of instances, I shall
not as at present advised move for either an
advance of salary or a change in the law regu-
lating some of our consulates.
At some ports a great many invoices have
to be verified, where clerical help is required,
and low salaries form a temptation to pass
such invoices at an undervaluation. At others
our consuls are charged with the care of desti-
tute seamen, frequently having to disburse
thousands of dollars for them. In such cases
poor pay is an inducement to become inter-
ested in hospitals or boarding-houses, or to
fail in duty to the sailor. In some ports our
consuls are constantly called on to give in-
formation to persons desiring to emigrate.
In China, Japan, and the Barbary States, the
consul is a judge, often intrusted with import-
ant matters requiring legal discrimination. In
most of these positions there are delicate and
arduous duties to perform, and frequent cor-
respondence. I cannot join with my friend
from Maryland [Mr. Swann] in praising the
economy exhibited in this bill.
Twenty-five thousand dollars more, or even
fifty thousand, would be well expended to
increase and adjust these consular salaries,
and a trifle in comparison with the advantages
to our country which must accrue from such
action. We should pay the men we send
abroad as consuls enough for them and their
families to live upon in a respectable manner
befitting the representatives of agreateouutry.
The advantages would more than repay the
cost. With proper salaries we can command
the best talent, and seldom in any other man-
ner. It is false economy at all times to adopt
a niggardly standard of compensation, and
above all is this true with reference to out
representatives who by living respectably will
command more respect for us abroad. Abol-
ish all useless consulates, but I contend we
should do justice to those which are useful.
Only in this way can we obtain and keep in
them men of integrity as well as fitness, and
by this course we shall avoid the spectacle,
too often presented, of able men returning
from these honorable positions after years of
faithful service, impoverished, and sometimes
depending on the generosity of Congress for a
return of the outlays rendered necessary in
consulate^ to which their salaries were utterly
inadequate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Now let the
bill be read by sections for amendment.
Mr. COX. Before the bill is read by sec-
tions I would like to say something generally
on this matter of salaries, if not economy If
