1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL; &LQBE.
197
42D OOSTG. ... 2D SBSS.
'Virginia Politics—-Mr. Piatt.
Ho. of Reps.
cially from what X  m told by others better posted,
that no unreasonable delay whatever is made in
the case of a ne^ro offering to vote. To this there
may be exceptions, but ot such exceptions I am not
informed.
Very truly, yours, W. II. TAYLOR.
Hon. E. M. Braxton, Washington, D. G.
** Mr. Braxton. I have no comments to make on
Colonel Taylor's letter. It speaks for itself; it speaks
for the people of Norfolk; and clearly snows that
my colleague wus inaccurately informed as to the
action of the Virginia Legislature of which he com-
plains and criticises.
" Now, Mr. Speaker, as to thechaiges against the
Conservatives of the city of Kichmond, what are
they? first, they are charged with destroying one
of the ballot-boxes at an election held for mayor in
that city, when GS-. W. Chahoon was the Republican
candidate. Second, that the judges of election take
from fifteen minutes to half an hourto vote a negro,
and only thirty seconds to vote a white man, and
that hundreds of negroes are deprived of the oppor-
tunity of voting by the delay. In reply to these
charges I ask that the following communication
be read, written by a gentleman of high standing and
unquestionable integrity, who resides in the city of
Richmond, and therefore has better opportunity
than my colleague [Mr. Platt] or myself of knowing
* what oceurs at elections held in that city.'
"The Clerk read as follows:
Office op the Mayor,
Richmond, Virginia, MarchQ, 1872.
My Dear Sir: Your note of yesterday, asking the
facts relative to the facilities allowed to the respect-
ive colors in our city elections, and the amount of
colored voters who are kept Irom the exercise of
the elective franchise by the officers of election, was
received this morning. I have made the necessary
examination of official returns, and assure you that
they completely refute the charges of unfairness
and official terrorism. I might furnish you with
the returns of every election held since the war,
but it would needlessly incumber this notp, with-
out, in the slightest degree, varying the result. I
select, therefore, the first and last election in which
respectable people have generally participated in
Richmond since the war—the election of 1869, held
under the auspices of General Canby, and the gen-
eral election of last fall. I quote from the official
return of Canby as to the first, and from the elec-
tion returns in my office as to the last;
The registered white vote in 1869, in Richmond,
was   7,551
The registered black vote in 1869, in Richmond,
was   7,259
White majority      292
The number of white totes cast, was 6,362
The number of black votes cast, was .5,998
"White majority  364
In other words, the difference between the white
registered majority and the white voting majority
was 72, in an aggregate vote cast of 12,360. This
election was held under Federal bayonets.
In the last election, November, 1871, the total regis-
tered white vote was 7,021
The total registered black vote was 5,894
White registered majority 1>127
The total Conservative vote cast at that election,
which is very nearly the measure of the white
vote, was   
The totai'Radieal vote 5,241
Conservative majority _986
These figures show that the voting was at least
as free as the registration. Now, to demonstrate
that the registration was free, compare, the total
registered white and colored vote respectively with
the total white and colored population, and you will
find that the blacks register a larger vote in propor-
tion to aggregate population than the whites do,
either in fi-ichmond or in any other city in the
Union. I have not the census returns; but I dety
the investigation. This disposes of the charge of
unfairness in this matter. You ask also what ground
there is for the accusation that the election officers
take from fifteen minutes to half an hour to count
a colored vote, while they take less than fifteen sec-
onds to receive a white vote. As you are aware,
whites and blacks vote at the same place, and hand
their ballots to the same judges of election. There
are twenty-one precincts in ilichmond, and at the
last election eleven, thousand four hundred and
sixty-eight votes were cast—an average of five hun-
dred and forty-six votes at each precinct. This was
■at the average rate of sixty votes an hour for each
kour of the day at each precinct, or a vote a minute,
making no allowance for the long intervals of com-
parative quiet, the fcime lost in cases of special chal-
lenge, the slowness of voting in the hour that tol-
lows sunrise, at the dinner hour, and at other times
during the day; nor of*the rascally attempts by
Radical carpet-baggers to close strong Conservative
noils by arresting their judges on false and frivolous
chaBges. You see what utter and shameless reck-
lessness of fact appears in the assertion that a quar-
ter, much less half ain hour was occupied in receiving
a black vote.
There is not the slightest foundation for the charge
that long lines of unvoted blacks are found at the
prccinots at the closing of the polls deprived of their
rights by the malfeasance of officers of election.
The above figures of votes cast demonstrate the
falsity ofthii) charge; but I speak of my own knowl-
edge when I say that this is-not the case. A great
many blacks remain around th,e polls after they
close, because there are hundreds here who have,
nothing else to do. You see them at every loafing
place; hundreds of them throng the criminal court
of this city every day, out of the same idle curiosity
which induces them to hang around a precinct or
follow a hand-organ; but the great majority, nearly
all of these, have voted, or have tried to vote im-
properly, and have failed. Very few entitled to vote
fail of the opportunity. They come earliest and
stay longest at the polls, there beiDg no Texas Gov-
ernor here to drive them home. There has been
but one public accusation of this sort made ip Rich-
mond, and the arrest which followed it was made
on affidavits which will be .found to be perjnHes
whenever tbe case, now eighteen months old, is
tried.
The only other inquiry of your letter refers to the
destruction of a ballot-box. This has occurred once
only in this city. It was alleged, and I believe truly,
that the return in that ballot-box would have given
an apparent Radical majority, whereas without that
return the commissioners gave the Conservative
ticket the return. A Conservative judge set aside
the return, and ordered a new election, and a Con-
servative' bench of appellate judges unanimously
sustained him. "Whether a Republican Congress
would have or would now imitate this action, you
know perhaps better than I.
Very respectfully, your friend, ^ KBILBY"
Hon. E. M. Braxton. •  - i
Let me pat the changes iriade-'by iriyself and
the evidence nay colfeaghe brings to | refute
them side by side,, and let rn^ask an^ impar-
tial gentleman if my colleague does not prove
my case out of the mouth Of his o wn witnesses.
I said in regard to the act of the Legislature
giving the presiding officer of the Portsmouth
council the right to vote twice:
Extract from, remarks Extract from letter of
of Mr. Piatt. Mr. Taylor.
"In the city of Ports- "The council of thecity
mouth, in my district, ofPortsmouth coQsistp, <>f
there is a considerable twelve members, six
Republican majority." * fVom each of two Wards.
* * * "We have in the One ward sent'Conserva-
counoil six Republicans tive and the other .Rp-
and six Democrats. Ot publican members, so
course under these cir- that the coun'cii' stood
cumstances nothing could six to six. For a long
be done. Everything was time . no organisation
at a dead lock. There could be effected, no
were Republican city of- president or clerk could
ficers elected by the peo- be elected, and, indeed,
pie, and the previous Re- nothing atall done which
publican council. Well, was calculated to draw
what did the Legislature party lines. Finally, a
of- Virginia do? They compromise was. made,
passed a law giving one It wag agreed that the
of the men in the coun- Conservatives should
cil two votes, so that by have the presiding. om-
one vote he could pro- cer, and the Republicans
duce a tie, and then give the clerk. The next dif-
a casting and deciding ficulty arose when the
vote ; ana to-day we have council proceeded to
the spectacle presented elect certain municipal
of six men with seven officers. It was impossi-
votes, a state of things ble, of course, to agree on
produced by the Legis- antf one man—six Would
iature of Virginia to en- vote fbr the Conservative
able them to carry out and six for the Radical
partisan ends, and to nominee. If one of the
eject from office the Re- Radical 'members hap-
publicans elected by the pened to be sick, the
people." remaining five absented
themselves, thus pre-
: •' venting a quorum, and
producing a dead lock.
. Under the circumstances
a bill was introduced in
the Legislature and
passed, granting the pre-
siding officer in the event
of a tie the right to give
the casting vote, he of
course voting as a mem-
ber besides."
In, view of the fact that the letter of Mr.
Taylor admits the= charge made by me, and in
express terms corroborates my statement that
by the action of the Legislature one man is
given two votes, the language of my-colleague
following immediately after Colonel Taylor's
letter is at least refreshing in its simplicity.
He says:
"I have no comments to make on Colonel Tay-
lor's letter. It speaks for il&elf, and clearly shows
that my colleague was iriaeCTirately informed as to
the action of the Legislature of which he complains
and criticises." - <
I respectfully submit that if the English lan-
guage has any meaning at all, then Colonel
Taylor's letter proves beyond question that I
was correctly informed as to the action of the
Virginia Legislature, and stated it correctly.
Let me call attention to the equally satisfactory
corroboration of my charge in relation to the
breabiBg of the ballot-box in Richmond, as
corttained in the letter of Mr. Keiley, the mayor
of Richmond: >• • i . ..
- ' [Extract frrrn Mr. Plata's reMarht'.]
" The next morning after the election, While the
officer of eleotioc Qf'oae of ,the wards was proceed-
ing with tne box containing the balfots to deposit
them with the'cforK of the court, he was attacked
in broad daylight' in the- streets :of Richmond by
men in disguise, the b,e ta-ken and its contents scat-
tered to the winds."
[Extract frpm Mr. Keiley'q letter.]. ,
"The only other inquiry,of.your letter refers to
the destruetidn 6f a'ballot-box. That has occurred
once only in t'his'city. It was alleged, and I believe
truly, that the return in that ballot-box would have
given an apparent Jiadical majority; whereas with-
out that return, tne commissioners gave 'the Con-
servative ticket the return." ' ' '
■feut giving my colleague and his party the
fall benefit of the-evidence" he brirtgs forward,
ind' which I give: entire, I shall proceed to
show, "to thS bdst of my ability J by facts and
evidcficfe to which I challenge successful refu-
tation,'that'I was warranted iri; charging the
Democratic party of Virginia with high crimes
and misdemeanors. 'I'propose to take lip my
statements, v^hichf are denied by my collfeague
and Ms correspondents, and to discuss them in
the order in which they were rriade. '
My colleague sky's 'I have made charges
against the teity of Norfolk, the city of Ports-
mouth, the Legislatnre of Virginia, and the
Conservative party of the entire Stite of Vir-
ginia. I deny this. I have'made ho charges
against the cities named. -I do make Charges
against the:Democratic' majority in the Legis-
lature of Virginia, , and 'against the entire
Democratic party of the'State; -
Arid" here let! me call the attention of the
Democratic associates on this floor of my
Democratic Virginia cfilleagues' to the fact
that while the latter are willing to associate
with them here they are ashamed' to own at
home the party they act With herg; and neither
they of thfifr party have ever dared since the
war to coftte out boldly and manfully!;and
acknowledge the iiame of Democrat, of io go
into a single -election on a sqtiare, honest
issue between Republicanism and Democracy.
The party skulks under the name of Conserva-
tive; and when you hear that term used you
may understand that it ttieatis a man -who is
a Democrat, but is ashamed to acknowledge
it. I desire to first call the attention of the
House to a brief history of the Democratic
party in the city of Richmond since the-admis-
sion of the'State in'January', 1870.
I have charged that the Detaotratic party is
in power to-dSy,'tod- holds the offices of the
city of Richmond ds a direct cohsfequence of
the villiany of ballot-box breaking, and the
partisan rulings and action of the judge'of the
hustings court 6flhUt city, together with the sub-
sequent outrage of depriving hundreds of, ,c6l-
ored men of the right to vote, and the rasbally
gerrymander by which the 'city was divided
into six wards in thfe mariner I shall rifesetitly
illustrate. I defy -successful contradiction' to
the statements 1 art) about to maktf, and I ask
the members of bbthj aides ^f' this* House to
Unite with me In denouncing the infamous
geiies of frauds'which have "disgraced every
man connected Vvitli them or who has profited
bjr 'them, which haive'Covered with infemy the
party countenancing them, and ought to make
every man who attempts to dfefend them blush
with shame. -
