198
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Ho, of Reps.
Vircfinid Politics—Mr. Plait.
4 2d Cong 2d Sess.
Tbe po i'iea! campaign which resulted in
the tniiinph of the Democratic party of Vir-
ginia m 1809 and tbe election ot" Gilbert G.
Walker, as Governor of the State was fought
and wou umier false pretenses and by bare-
faced deception. A lew sore-beaded and mis-
guided Republicans bolted tbe regular Uepub-
I'Cdtt nominations, and, nominating Walker for
Governor, succeeded in inducing lion. John
F. Lewis to permit-them the use of his. name
as a candidate for Lieutenant Governor. The
Democrats then abondoned their ticket and
rallied to the support of the independent
Republican ticket, entering the field under
the name of true Republicans, and professing
to be better Republicans and more earnest and
enthusiastic supporters cf the administration
of General Grant than the original Repub-
licans themselves.
The State was eanvassed thoroughly by
their orators, and the people of Virginia sol-
emly assured that the so-called Walker party
was the Simon Pqre Republican party, and
much better Republicans than those wtio had
hitherto c aimed the title. Walker himself
made stn nger Republican speeches than his
opponent, (ioyernor Wells, lie had a difficult
part to perform, but he did it; he performed
the difficult feat of riding two horses with
more skiil than was ever exhibited outside a
circus. He had probably read the familiar
lines—
"Honor nnd fame from no condition rise,
Act well your part; there all the honor lies."
He had a difficult part to act, but he was
equal to it, and succeeded in making the
Republicans ot'the noithern States and many
in Virginia, believe that he was a better Re
publican than Wells, and the Democrats that
he was a better Democrat than Withers, their
abandoned candidate. I beg those Repub-
licans who contemplate joining the Cincinnati
movement to be warned by our fate in Vir-
ginia, and avoid committing the same misiake
on a larger scale. Walker and a Democia.ic
Legislature were elected, the Stale was ad mil ted
to lepresenta ion on this floor, and the Legis-
lature convened. One ot its firbt acts was the
passage of ihe infamous enabling act, by which
allthe offices ot ihe State weie declared vacant,
and the Governor authorized to till them by
appointment.
ihe object of this law was to remove every
Republican official in the State #jjd replace
them by Democrats, and it was faithfully
carried out by the Governor, who proved a
plastic tool in tlieir bands, doing all required of
him zealously and without question. All the
officials of Richmond were Republicans; with
jerhaps a lew insignificant exceptions; lliey
were all removed and Democrats appointed m
th eir places. The May elect ion was approach-
ing, it was important to have every agency in
the r hands, and they succeeded in gening all
the judges and commissioners of elections, all
the policemen, and all the registrars. And
judges ot the courts, nominated on partisan
grounds in a caucus of tbe Democratic mem-
bers ot' the Legislature, were elected by that
body in strict accordance with the caucus nom-
inations.
With everything in their own hands, the
Democratic party of Richmond calmly awaited
the May election of 1870. Confident of coming
vie ory, the day arrived, the election was held,
a Democratic triumph announced, and the
party celebrated its supposed victory by torch-
light processions in the evening, inarching
through the streets of Richmond until late at
nyhi, insulting prominent Republicans, s on-
ii.g the custom-house because it was a Gov-
i n.meut buildiug, and indulging in other
Democratic eccentricities. But they had made
one ni'siake; tiny had admitted two vigilant
Reptib leans at each precinct to witness tlie
counting of the votes, and quite late m the
evening it was discovered, to tlte utter can-
fusion, surpnse. and chagiin of the Democrats,
that the Republicans lia-l carried Richmond,
and elected all ihe city officers.
The intelligence spread like Wild-fire and
soon the Democratic leaders were in council,
it was a desperate case; the power they sup-
posed so secure was about to slip from their
hand-^; despeiate remedies must be resorted
to. They were equal to the occasion, and it
was decided that the ballol-boxcontaining the
largest number of Republican votes must be
destroyed and the Republican candidates,
who had been elected by the people at an
election declared by the Democratic press
of Richmond to be the fairest election ever
held in the city, deprived of their certificates
The. plan was faithfully carried out.. The
law of Virginia requires that after the ballots
are counted by the election officers they shall
be strung on a string, put in a sealed box, and
deposited wnh the clerk ot'the hustings court.
The box from the third precinct of Jefferson
ward contained the largest number of Repub-
lican voles, and was therefore selected for
destruction; and on the morning after the
election, while on his way to ihe court room
to uepo.-dt the ballot-box, the officer of elec-
tion having it in charge, and being escorted
by a police lorce, was attai ked in 4road day-
light in one of the public streets of Rich-
mond by two disguised men, the box captured
wi hout resistance, broken to pieces, and the
ballots destroyed.
The facts in regard to the destruction of
this ballot box are well known in Richmond.
The men concerned in the transaciion are well
known. A policeman named Kaglelon, who
was one of tbe men detailed to guaid the cap-
tured box, refused to agree to swear that he
knew nothing about it, m case of investiga-
tion, and a few uigbrs af-er, while walking his
beat, was shot in the back by a hired assassin.
Tbe names of the men who committed this
outrage on the ballot box are well known
in Richmond ; but so far as 1 know or can
ascertain no attempt has ever been made
to arrest or punish ihem. One of the most
notorious ruffians in Richmond publicly
threa'ened to expose the paities concerned
unless he was taken care ot, and was almost
immediately appointed to a lucrative position
under the city government.
Although the ballots themselves bad been
destroyed,the poil-books containing aceriificate
of the result of the count remained, and there
was thus presented to the Commissioners of
election the certificate of all the judges of
election, sworn to and signed, as to the num-
ber of votes cast for each member. But in-
credible as the statement may appear to hon-
est men, it is yet a fact that the Democratic
commissioners of election for the city of Rich-
mond threw out the vote of the third precinct
of Jefferson ward, on the ground that the law-
had not been complied with, as the ballots had
not been deposited with the clerk of the hus-
tings court, and gave the election and the cer-
tificates to the Democratic candidates. I have
no comments to make on the closing para-
graph of the letter of the mayor of Richmond,
as given in my colleague's remarks, except to
repeat it here and to ask honorable gentlemen
to examine it in connection with tacts I am
about 10 state and draw their own conclusions.
Mr. Keileysayss
"A Conservative judge set aside the return and
ordered ,i new election, and a Conservative bench
tff aoelUte judtre.s unanimously sustained lnin.
Whether a Republican Congress would have or
would now imitate this action you know perhaps
better than I."
I have stated that the commissioners gave
the certificate of election to the Democratic
candidates. Mr. Keiley says a Conservative
judge set aside this return and ordered a new
election. Let us see how he did it. The
Republican candidates sought the only means
of redress in their power. They brought fuit
befoie the judge ot'the bus'ings couri, who
by law had sole junsd.c ion in the case. A
decision wa-> delaje-i until the defeated Dem-
ocratic candidates had qtmhfied on the cer-
tificates of election issued to them and taken
possession of the offices.
Then this Conservative judge decided that
the election should be set aside not that the
Republicans who were clearly entitled to the
offices should have them, but that a new elec-
tion should be had, and that he would appoint
men to hold the oftkes in the mean time. The
defeated Democratic candidates who had ob-
tained possession ot the offices had friends ap-
pointed who, it had been previously arranged,
sh iuld not qualify. The law required them to
qualify within thirty dsys after appointment,
or ihe incumbeu'S held over, and to make as-
surance doubly sure this Conservative judge
made these ad interim appointments at night,
and before the next morning had left the Slate,
and remained absent until alter the thirty days
had expired, and ihe de'eaied Democratic can-
didates held Hie offices until the ensuing elec-
tion in November, when with one or two ex-
ceptions they were ree ecied, their pariy in
the mean time having made arrangements to
insure a Democratic victory ; and to render im-
possible a disappointment, such as they had
experienced in May, at this election every
possible impediment was thrown iu the way of
colored men to prevent them from voting.
I present and ask to have read from the
Clerk's desk extracts from the testimony taken
before United States Commissioner J. W.
Jenkins, at the preliminary hearing in the case
of a man named Hagan, an election officer
at the third precinct of Jefferson waid, during
the election of November, 1870. The Clerk
will please read the extracts which I have
marked, being from affidavits made by Thomas
iloliins, esq , lion. Rush Burgess, B W. Giilis,
e~q., ai.d lion. L. II. Chamiler, gentlemen
widely and favorably known, and with a large
personal acquaintance among the members of
this House. The other extiacts I will ask to
have printed wiih my remarks.
The Clerk read as follows:
Extracts from testimony given under oath before Uni-
ted States Commissioner Jenkins, i/t the IIa y an
case :
"Thomas Hallins testified before Commissioner
Jenkins m the Itogan case:
"X was present at the election in Jefferson ward on
the 8th_ot November, 1870; was acting as a judge
ot election. I protested against receiving the re-
turns ot that precinct, because a large number of
voters, four hundred or more, were prevented from
voting by asking unnecessary questions by John
Uag.in.jr., one of the judges of election, liy ask-
ing these questions lie prevented tour hundred or
more registered voters from Toting. At no time in
the day were there less than two hundred voters
waiting to vote. In my judgment a tree and full
exercise of the elective privilege was not allowed to
ono half of the voters of that precinct.
" Michael Lanam testified in same case and same
time:
"X was clerk of third precinct, Jefferson ward;
the voting was retarded by unnecessary questions
linked of known Republicans, white and colored, by
Wludoui Rogers, Benjamin Shepard, and P. H. Suth-
erland, who took supreme control of the precinct.
At no titno were there less than one hundred voters
in waiting during tbe day.
"P. Nichols also testified to the conduct of the same
persons ; and also said they retarded voting by ask-
ing improper questions, as to the voter's exact age,
the places they moved from, although the answers
given compared exactly with the statement in the
register's book.
Rush Burgess testified:
"I was at the third voting precinct. Jefferson ward,
about three o'clock; outside of the door there w.is a
long line of colored voters in double and triple tile,
onouesideol a trestle bench placed in the center
ottnedoor; whitemen were on theother side; they
were ptrmittod to vote alternately ; noiieed one ex-
ception: a colored man, ufter being asked a great
many questions,wassent away to point out hishouse;
a white man was voted wheu he ielt aud when ho
camc back.
" B. W. Giilis testified :
" 1 was present at the polls, third precinct, Jef-
ferson ward, froiu before two o'clock till alter Jivo
