1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2939
tion of our navigation in consequence of the
high taxation upon it. All parties now recog-
nize that destruction. I do not think the
country has yet awakened to the destruction
of its manufactured export trade, not altogether
destroyed, but nearly so, and were it not for
the negroes who work in the cotton fields in the
South, or who raise tobacco for export, or the
white men who draw oil and petroleum from
the bowels of the earth, I hardly know how
we would be able to pay for our imports, or
even to pay the interest upon the public debt.
I have compiled a table reducing the value of
our manufactured exports to gold.
In 1860, the amount of our exports, when
we had a smaller population by some millions
than now to create and manufacture articles
•or export, was $47,160,100. In 1870-71 in
go'd, our export of manufactured articles was
only $39,566,128.
I have deducted from this statement the ex-
port of our agricultural implements in 1871, be-
cause we exported none in 1860, but the genius
of our mechanics is such that in Massachusetts,
in Ohio, in Connecticut, in Illinois, and else-
where, so superior are our agricultural imple-
ments to those manufactured by any other
people that despite of our tax on wood, on
iron, on copper, and many of the things which
enter into the manufacture of agricultural im-
plements, despite all that, we throw out upon
the world $1,068,467 worth of agricultural
implements from the workshops I have named.
Our sewing-machines, which we did not ex-
port in 1860 at all, I have also deducted from
the export of 1870-71. They are co-day seen
in all parts of the earth, not only throughout
all Europe, but in all parts of Asia, and in
many parts of Africa, and these sewing-ma-
chines are exported despite the duty on wood
and on copper, on steel and iron; and such is
the skill of our mechanics in Connecticut and
elsewhere, such is the power of our industry
and mechanics, no matter what are the wages
of labor in China and Japan, the manufac-
turers of Connecticut are yet enabled to send
their sewing-machines to all parts of the earth.
Our lire-arms, of which we exported none in
1860, 1 have also deducted from 1870. During
our last fiscal year these exports amounted to
$5,015,73'2, nay, over §13,000,000 in all, we
have been recently told, in the fiscal calendar
yeai. We are supposed to furnish fire arms
superior to those produced in any other coun-
try, and yet, we pay enormous duties on steel
and iron which enter into these manufactures,
and pay the highest wages for the manufacture
of them. An honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, a Representative on this floor, not
now in his seat, [Mr. Ames,] has been paying
a heavy duty on iron, and yet sending his
shovels all over the earth, to Australia and
New Zealand and elsewhere. The same may
he said of the Collins axes.
Mr. LYNCH. The manufacturers of fire-
arms and shovels receive a drawback of the
amount paid for duties.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I know that,
but at the same time you tell me that we in
the United States cannot compete with the
ignorant and ill-conditioned laborer of Europe.
Mr. MAYNAliD. I think they do not un-
derstand the right mode of making spades and
shovels as well as our assoeiate upon this floor
does.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That is the
very point I am making. The skill and inter-
est of our countrymeu in all such works is so
superior to the skill of Europe, or indeed of
any part of the earth, that we need never fear
where labor enters only fifteen per cent, or
twenty-five per'cent, into the manufacture of
an article to compare the pi ice of wages with
those of elsewhere, unless you compare at the
same time the comparative wages of the trip-
hammer, the spinning jenny, and the water-
wheel, which do not eat or drink, but which
nevertheless are now as essential elements in
manufactures as is human labor.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman shall not
regard it as an unwelcome intrusion upon this
; part of his argument, I would suggest that this
j instance of spades and shovels is but another
example of the beneficent operation of our
protective system in times past.
Mr. DAWES. Allow me to inquire what
gives him the advantage over foreign manu-
facturers?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It is not pro-
tection or bounty, but the superiority of New
England laborers over the laborers upon the
'other side of the sea.
Mr. Chairman, I have been diverted some-
what by interruptions from what 1 intended
to be a fair and unimpassioned exposg of the
condition of our finances and what should be
done with them. I am a little in advance of
the times now; but the time is rapidly com-
ing when all disinterested men will go through
the same mental processes of politico-econom-
ical education which I have gone through since
I first came to Congress. I was born, or I
might rather say I was led by my love and
admiration of Henry Clay, to be a believer
in a protective tariff. I went upon the Ways
aud Means Committee in 1861 and 1862 with
a strong idea of discriminating in duties so
as to protect, but the revolting spectacles of
self-interest that have there too often been
presented to me have almost driven me into
a belief of the system of free trade. I do not
mean to say that absolute free tradeis possible
iu the existing condition of the country. It is
not. About thirty per cent, ad valorem is
necessary for the payment of interest upon the
public debt; but thirty per cent, ad valorem
was all that our Whig fathers claimed of us,
and far more than the fathers of the Revolu-
tion claimed for the production of American
industry, and it is enough. And that man who
cannot live, or the industry that cannot thrive
with thirty per cent, of taxes which the con-
sumer pays, ought to die. As the honorable
gentleman from Illinois [Mr.btfrchard] said,
if he asks for more he asks for nothing but a
bounty, and is nothing but a pensioner upon
the Government.
I trust the time is now coming when others
will go through the same process of mental
education that I have gone through. And
when that period arrives, once more our grand
and glorious country will send its cotton, and
to some extent its woolen and iron manufac-
tures, and its tens of thousands of unenumer-
ated manufactured articles all over the earth.
And the American traveler will again see in
Yokohama, in Shanghai, in Hong Kong, on
all the Indian seas, in Bombay and Calcutta,
on their way to the interior, American goods
in close competition with the English manufac-
turer everywhere. We are not an inferior
people ; we ought not to be driven from the
markets of the world in manufactured exports.
We ought not to be driven fiom the ocean ; our
flag has the right to float everywhere, and will
float everywhere if you will only give our sail-
ors free and equal rights with the British sailor,
and fair play and a free fight for the commercial
dominion of the seas.
The Committee of the Whole rose inform-
ally, and Mr. Poland took the chair as
Speaker pro tempore.
message kkom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsom,
one of .its clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the amendments of the House
to the bill of the Senate of the following
title:
A bill (S. No. 724) supplementary to an act
entitled "An act to incorporate the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid in the
construction of its road, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1871.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, a joint reso-
lution of the House of the following title:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 136) appoint-
ing commissioners to inquire into depredations
upon the frontiers of the State of Texas.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, and requested the con-
currence of the House, in a bill of the follow-
ing title:
A bill (S. No. 964) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to amend the fifth section of an
act entitled ' An act donating public lands to
the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanics arts,' approved July 2,
1862, so as to extend the time within which
the provisions of said act shall be accepted
and such colleges established," approved July
23, 1866.
tariff.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session, and proceeded with the consideration
of the tariff bill.
Mr. McNEELY addressed the committee.
His remarks will be published iu the Appendix.
Mr. KELLEY obtained the floor.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] will yield to me I will
move that the committee rise.
Mr. KELLEY. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. _ Before my motion is put, I
desire, if the Chair will indulge me, to make a
single remark. I observe by examining the
list at the Speaker's desk that there are about
thirty gentlemen who have indicated their
desire to speak upon this question, and who
have not yet spoken. It is very evident that
unless we husband all our time it will be im-
possible for all these gentlemen to speak within
the time allowed. It will not be in the power
of the majority of the House, as I understand,
to extend the time. Therefore, I give notice
that to-morrow I shall ask that we may have
an evening session for debate upon the tariff.
Mr. TAFFE. Not to morrow night.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ne-
braska [Mr. Taffe] reminds me that he has a
claim upon to-morrow night, with which I
cannot very well interfere. But I shall ask
the House to hold a session on Thursday
night; and I would like to have one to-night,
if gentlemen would support me in the request.
The motion of Mr. Dawes, that the commit-
tee rise, was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco-
field reported that pursuant to the order of
the House the Com-mittee of the Whole on the
stale of the Union had had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and
more particularly the bill of the House (No.
2322) to reduce duties on imports and to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
suppression of indian hostilities.
Mr. SARGENT. I hold in my hand a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, very
exhaustive in its character, upon the question
of certain Texas claims. A bill upon this sub
ject was referred to the Committee on Ap
propriations, and we found it impossible, with-
out appealing to the Secretary of War,'to get
at the true facts in reference to the matter.
I think that the printing of this document may
save to the Government S200,000 by prevent
ing ill-advised action upon this question if it
should ever be called up hastily. I move that
this communication be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BANKS. Of what character are these
claims ?
Mr. SARGENT. They are ante-war claims
for the employment of troops to suppress In-
dian hostilities. This document embraces an
analysis of the whole matter, going to show
wherein this claim is baseless to the amount
of $200,000, while it is probably just to the
extent of $20,000. Upon that question, how-
ever, we shall report. This document ought
to be printed for the information of this Con-
