1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3835
crime, it is a crime that we are all trying very
bard to commit. Certainly if he is a million-
aire he is a sensible one, and will try to keep
what he has got ami not waste it in vain schemes
for the public good. He will look for some
other means of investing his money, where he
can make more profit. If you refuse him the
assistance he asks for he will withdraw this
line and send his ships elsewhere, and our
steam connection with Brazil will be discon-
tinued.
What then will the nation lose by refusing
this subsidy? We will surrender the whole
South American trade, which a few years ago
almost, belonged to us, for we had the most
and best of it, and were in a fair way to con-
trol it all. We have some even now, although
it is only a mere remnant of what we formerly
possessed. This very Brazilian line connects
with a line up the Amazon river, established
and owned by Americans, extending two thou-
sand miles into the interior of South America,
and this has lately built a railroad around the
falls of the Amazon, and carried communica-
tion two thousand miles further up that river.
Will you willingly resign all this? Is our
nation to lose the whole of that vast and lucra-
tive commerce? Will you surrender it all,
and throw away the last remnant that we have
left to uk now ? Will you destroy what Amcr
can enterprise started so successfully and
has maintained so bravely? Will you drive
these steamers, as you have already driven so
many, from the ocean and compel their own-
ers to put their capital in other enterprises?
Go along the miles of New York's water-
front and explore the empty ship-yards to-
day, empty so far as American ship-building
is concerned, where some ten years ago
all whs bustle and activity, and you might
have had ships in various stages of comple-
tion in sight at every ste'p through the entire
distance. You will now find there little bet-
ter than a desert—silent, untenanted, exhibit-
ing the ut,t.er decay of this business. Ship-
carpenters turned house-carpenters; calkers,
sail makers, and riggers driven to other trades,
till the art is dying out; and skillful artisans
could not be had if they were wanted. Would
you make this worse? It is impossible for this
line to compete with those of foreign Powers,
weighed down as it is with discrimination from
abroad, if it h also to be weighted down by
unfair discrimination at home, unless it re-
ceives some assistance from the public that
imposes on it such heavy loads. France has
paid and is now paying to her steamship lines
running to Brazil the sum of $500,000 annu-
ally ; England has paid as much to her lines,
though she is not paying so much now; and
if we would retain what little we have left, if
we would keep this line afloat, we must also
do as other nations have lound it to their
advantage to do.
Sir, who will oppose this bill? These very
protectionists, these very men who have taken
all they could from the publie purse for their
districts, seizing so much lhat they have left
to us poor free-traders little or nothing ; left
us with such melancholy prospects that some
of us felt constrained a few days ago to rise
in our seats and complain that they have
stolen so thoroughly and exhaustively that
there was nothing at all left for us to steal if
we would. [Laughter.] Sir, I am rejoiced
that 1 have been given this poor chance to
sti-al something for the benefit of the poor
people of my district, for they want it badly.
While stealing is going on all around, we want
our share. Theft may not, be right, but mu-
tual theft is a modified wrong. I shall not
only vote for this subsidy, but for every other
subsidy that shall be for the benefit of my
people, until the burdens which have been
hucl on the section of the country which I rep-
resent, in the interest of other sections, shall
have been removed. Then we will ask no
aid from any one.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KELLEY. I'desire to say to the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Roosevelt] who
has just taken his seat,, and who, whenever
opportunity permits, denounces the protective
system as a system of theft and robbery, that
I in part represent a State that receives nearly
as much of the so-called bounty afforded by
protection as the State of New York. Penn-
sylvania produced in 1870 $725,000,000 worth
of protected manufactures, and what he would
call the thieving State of New York, which is
in part represented by him, took the bounties
on $790,000,000 worth of like protected pro-
ductions. I hope, therefore, that he will share
the swag with some of us. ■
Sir, as a protectionist, representing an' in-
land city, I have obtained the floor to plead
against, the gentleman from Maine [Mr. IIai.e]
and others, who claim to be the special repre-
sentatives and champions of the ship-building
and commercial interests, in behalf ofa meas-
ure for the promotion of American commerce.
The gentleman from Maine, to promote
these interests, demands free salt, free' coal,
free cordage, free wvought iron, and free ship-
stores—indeed free everything but lumber,
which Maine produces and for which he pleads
for protection. His views are of the most
expansive and disinterested character. But
he is not for a subsidy to the only American
line of steamers that, connects us with Brazil,
and to which the emperor of Brazil has ex-
tended a helping hand. Of all the steamers
sailing into the ports of South America, none
gets a South American^ subsidy but this line.
It receives a subsidy of $100,000, to be in-
creased to $150,000, because the enlightened
emperor of Brazil desires to promote com-
mercial and other kindly relations between
his country and ours.
The sum asked for is so small that it will be
felt by nobody if granted. It may bo true as
stated that the ships of this line go hence almost
empty for the very reason assigned hythegen-
tlenian from Maine, [Mr. Hale,] which was
that (and be it remembered that it is under
protection) our people are so prosperous that
we cannot, manufacture enough to supply their
wants. But it is also true that our agricultural
products are carried in great quantities to
England and shipped thence to Brazil, aad
that these ships bring heavy return cargoes of
coffee and other South American productions.
It is intimated that the proprietor of this
line must be a bad man because he is said
to be a millionaire. Sir, it is my privilege
to know him and to know and appreciate
his worth; and knowing him as I do, I have
never been solicited by him personally or
through an agent to vote for this bill. He
did not inherit millions. A poor boy, gifted
with genius and energy, he has, though still
in the vigor of life, carved out'of this rough
world a fortune which each and all of us may
envy, and has steadily applied his growing
means to increasing the power, the grandeur,
and the prosperity of his country. At aloss,
not an absolute but a relative loss of the
profits his money would have yielded him had
he put it in Government bonds, he has carried
the flag of our country among the steamers—
subsidized steamers—of England and other
foreign nations into the ports of South Amer-
ica. He has made it familiar to the people of
the broad empire of Brazil and five other
South American States. He has also made
the people who dwell along two thousand miles
of the rivers of the southern part of our con-
tinent familiar with the stars and stripes of our
country and the productions of our workshops
and fields. Shall be who has done all this
be stigmatized because in great ventures like
these he has shown discretion and has realized
a fortune? His biographers will not discredit
him with posterity by stating these facts.
Now, what is the whole case? It ip simply
this: an enterprising American citizen has
embarked in a great commercial movement.
A siuole citizen has attempted to do, and for
five years has done, what the statesmen of
this country ought to do at thte cost if need
be of millions of dollars annually to weave
together in intimate relations of commerce
and social life our people with those occupy-
ing the southern part of our continent. The
time has come-when the'number''of his ships
and their mail service should' be doubled. To
protect him against absolute loss in doing this
he asks aid from the Government. The em-
perbr of Brazil appreciates his enterprise,
liberality, and energy, and thanks him for
this display of those qualities, and endeavors
to apply from his exhausted treasury $150,000
a year to aid his commendable enterprise.
He is, however, unable to do this in full at pres-
ent, but appropriates $100,000 a year, and
pledges himself to give- the. other $50,000
when he can, and agrees that the additional
Sum shall be" deducted from whatever subsidy
the United States raav meanwhile agree to
give. Shall we repel Brazil ? Shall' we yield
the commerce of the South American States
and the magnificent rivers now opening to
commerce by withholding the paltry sum'of
$200,000 or $250,000 a year? If we do • it
will be alike discreditable to our judgment
and our patriotism.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK ohtained the floor.
Mr. BIGGS. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] will yield I will move that
the House take a recess.
Mr.,BECK. I will yield for that motion.
The SPEAKER. The session of this even-
ing has been.assigned to the business of the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. ELDREDGE. If the House should not
take a recess, when will this question come up
again ?
The SPEAKER. After the reading of the
Journal to-morrow morning.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Biggs, it was agreed to, there being—
ayes 117, noes 46.
So the House (at four o'clock and forty
minutes p. m.) took a recess until half past
seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House re-
sumed its session.
ORDER Of BUSINESS.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to present a bill for action at the pres-
ent time.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I demand the
regular order. The Committee of Claims will
need all their.time.
The SPEAKER. The business specially
assigned for this evening is the consideration
of reports from the Committee of Claims.
JOHN MI10NE.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill (H. Ii. No.
2885) for the relief of John Milone, postmas-
ter at Uhricksville, Ohio; which waa read a
first and second time.
The bill provides that the proper accounting
officeis of the Treasury be authorized and
directed, in settling the accounts of John
Milone, postmaster at Uhrickville, Ohio, to
.allow and credit to him the sum of $210, an
amount of postage stamps stolen from bis
office by burglars on the night of October 6,
18G8, without fault or neglect on his part.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DAVID SEUGKANT.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am requested" to report
from the Committee of Claims, with a favor-
