252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
of indebtedness, one issued to the capitalist,
the other to the laboring man, are not being
made to travel pan passu until we can reach
the point where they can all be redeemed in
the precious metals. This is a most unjust
discrimination made in favor of the capitalist
and against the laborer.
Mr. Speaker, in regard to the tariff, what
has been done during the last ten years ? In
1860 we had a tariff, that passed in 1857, the
average duties of which were only fourteen per
cent. The Republican party has since then,
in some manner or form, attempted to correct
that tariff, I believe not less than twenty times.
The last bill which went into effect, that of
1870, was brought forward as a grand panacea
that was to cure all the evils of which the work-
ing and producing classes of the community
complained under an unjust and unequal sys-
tem of discrimination. We were told that by
that act there would be a reduction of at least
fifty million dollars a year; and now by the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury we find
that, instead of reducing the taxation, it has
been largely increased. These are the reasons
why you find these mutterings from what are
known as the working classes. They are the
effect of your discriminating against labor and
in favor of capital by this system of tariff.
Look at the system of internal revenue. It
is unjust to labor, and it is unjust to particu-
lar sections. For the purpose of demonstrat-
ing the iniquities of that system in a sectional
point of view, and as it affects the labor of that
region that I in part represent, I refer to a table
showing the relative amounts that have been col-
lected under the internal revenue system. There
are five counties in the southwestern corner
of the State of Ohio. I have the honor to
represent a part of them. Those five coun-
ties paid to the internal revenue in one year
$8,783,391 46. They have three Represent-
atives on this floor. I find by the report of the
Commissioner that five New England States,
States of capital and great wealth, paid only
the amounts which I shall read: the State of
Maine, $668,000; New Hampshire. $6-50,000;
Vermont, $314,000; Rbodelsland,$1,280,000;
Connecticut, $2.339,000—in all $5.2.32,336 93;
or 35,250.000 paid into the internal revenue
by five of the wealthiest States of New Eng-
land; while the five counties in the southwest-
ern part of Ohio paid in the same year the
sum of $8,783,000. And yet this is said to be
a just and equal system of taxation.
It was but a day or two ago, Mr. Speaker,
followingimmediately on the heels of this prop-
osition to raise this commission by appointment
of the President of the United States, that a
gentleman from one of these New England
btates arose and in hot haste desired this
House to instruct a Committee of Ways and
Means to report a bill to repeal the income
tax, and to assess all the internal revenue
taxes upon spirituous liquors, malt liquors,
and tobacco, and Rtamps.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I would like to ask
the gentleman what is that tax paid upon by
the counties in Ohio to which he refers?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The $8,000,000 paid by
the five counties is principally upon spirits,
malt liquors, and tobacco ; chiefly so.
Mr. IINKELNBURG. Then I would sug-
gest to the gentleman whether the tax is not
eventually paid by the large body of consumers j
all over the country who use the whisky and 1
tobacco. |
Mr. CAMPBELL. I suppose it is, Mr. I
Speaker. I assume the ground, and I hope i
the Republicans will not leave it before the '
discussions on the tariff are over, that all these j
taxes, both under your internal revenue system i
and your tariff, are paid by the consumers. i
Mr. 11^* KK LNB URG. Yes, sir *
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well. ' - 1
?ui. FINKELNBLRG. Well, that disposes !
ot the locality argument. j
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will my col-
league allow me to make a suggestion? I sup- 1
pose, then, he would not have us understand
that this whole amount is paid by the five coun-
ties, having admitted that it is paid by the con-
sumers ; he will not say that it is all consumed
there.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is paid directly and
immediately by the five counties, but ulti-
mately by those who consume these various
articles just precisely as the duties imposed at
your custom-houses upon foreign goods ulti-
mately come out of the pockets of the con-
sumers; and yet my colleague is perhaps not
one of that class who will before the people
admit that the consumers pay the duties that
are imposed by the tariff at all.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do most cer-
tainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My colleague may, but
ho knows very well that his colleagues who are
for the doctrine of high protection do not ad-
mit that, but claim that the duties come out of
somebody else than the consumer. I am frank
enough to admit that all these taxes in the
end come out of the consumer.
But my mind was diverted by this interrup-
tion from the proposition that I wa3 referring
to. The gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Kellogg] proposes to repeal the income tax
immediately upon the heels of the proposition
of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] to get up this commission in behalf of
the workingmen. Now, when you repeal the
income tax, upon what will the taxes that are
left be levied? They are to be put upon spirits,
tobacco, malt liquors, and stamps. Hence the
proposition is nothingmore nor less than this:
that the gentleman of means, the capitalist,
who has made profitable investments and i3
making money and receiving an income, is to
be relieved from any of the burdens of tax-
ation, and the consumers of tobocco and spirits
and all who use stamps are to be made to pay
off the national debt and to support the Gov-
ernment. And yet the gentlemen on that side
claim that they are par excellence the friend
of the working men, and that the Republican
party is the great champion and defender of
their interests.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman speaks of the
Republican party. 1 would like to inquire of
him if he represents the Democratic party in
his opposition to the repeal of the income tax ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman knows
very well when he asks me that question that
I do not present myself here as the represent-
ative organ of any party. I am here to rep-
resent my individual views and to act with this
Democratic party just so long as I believe it
will use its best efforts to undo the wrongs and
remove the outrages and oppressions which
the Republican party have fastened upon the
producing classes of the country.
Mr. DAWES. One more question which I
would like to put for information, and it is
whether the gentleman can give us any assur-
ance that he will have the cooperation of the
Democratic party to maintain the income tax ?
I should like to know the sentiments of the
House on that question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman seems to assume that I am here
as the organ of the Democratic party, that I
am intrusted with its secrets, and that I know
all about jts purposes and intentions in the
future. Now, the gentleman has had oppor-
tunities about equal to my own in this respect,
and probably has a3 much information as I
have.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman does him-
self great injustice.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would like to know
whether all the Republican party are pre-
pared to stand by the gentleman in his propo-
sition to repeal the income tax?
Mr. DAWES. I have made no such prop-
osition.
Mr. CAMPBELL. In my judgment, when
we come to take the vote the gentleman will
also upon the tariff, unless there are serious
modifications made in it from any that 1 sup-
pose will come from that quarter. So that if
the gentleman means to in'imate that we will
be demoralized on this side of the House in
regard to the repeal of the income tax, I say
that he had better look after his own party.
They were far from being a unit on the ques-
tion of free coal and freo salt at the last ses-
sion of Congress, and he will find that they are
equally far i'rom being a unit on the proposi-
tions that he is likely to bring forward from
tlie Committee of Ways and Means. He will
find a large number of revenue reformers in
his own iauk-5.
But the proposition is to relieve the capital-
ist, who has a settled income, and to raise the
tax from what source? Why from spirits, malt
liquors, and tobacco; so that the poor Uboring
man, the mechanic, the day laborer, the stone-
mason, or the carpenter, after his ten hours'
toil, when he returns to his family, may reflect
that for every hour that it is necessary to work
in order to procure the salt needed for his fam-
ily he has to work another hour, not for the
purpose of paying the duties into the Treasury
for the discharge of the national debt, but to
go directly into the pockets of the capitalists
having the salt-works. When he reflects on
this, and on the other wrongs inflicted upon
him by the tariff system, which makes him pay
a tax upon every article he consumes, from the
very boots on his feet to the hat upon his head ;
when he sits down and desire-* to refresh him-
self with a glass of lager beer—a cheap bever-
age for the poor laborer—he has the satsfaetiou
of knowing that tne Republican parly has
repealed the income tax of his rich neighbor,
while he has to pay a tax on his giass of l.iger
before he drinks it. Then, when he goes to
light his pipe and take a little smoke in the
evening, with his wife and children sealed
around his fireside, he has the satisfaction of
knowing that the Republican party makes him
pay more than one hundred per cent, upon the
tobacco, and an additional tax for the stamp
upon the lucifer match with which he lights
his pipe. And all these, gentlemen say, are
measures for the benefit of the workingmen.
Mr. DAWES. One more inquiry, for I am
in search of the sentiments of the House on
the income tax. Where does the gentleman
derive his authority for saying that tbe Repub-
lican party favors the repeal of the income
tax ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I derive my authority
from the fact that the President of the United
States has not only recommended it in his .
annual message, but has absolutely desired
individuals who have visited him to vote for
the repeal of that tax before the holidays ; and
if you do not recognize that proposition as a
Republican tenet, then you have to ignore and
repudiate the President, for I take it he is
your organ and the great head center of the
Republican party,
_ Now, by your tariff system you tax oppres-
sively the workingman from his cradle to the
grave onerously and unjustly. A hoy baby is
born to-night, the laboring man is blet.s d with
an increase of family; the moment it breathes
the breath of life it begins to pay a tax upon
the little flannel shirt that is put upon him.
Then, as he grows up to be a little hoy running
around his father's house, and rccivesa holi-
day present at Christmas of his little red-top
boots, (and that is an epoch in the life of every
little boy,) as he struts about in the snow
and asks his father to admire his boots, that
father knows that he has had to pay a heavy
duty upon them. If, when he arrives at man-
hood, he decides to become a mechanic, you
tax every edged tool that, he uses. If ho
becomes a fanner, belong* to that noble clar-s
that is the source of all the wealth ol'thwoun-
try, then you tax him upon the leather, the
iron, the steel that he uses, upon the salt and
everything else that, he consume.1. That is all
Uud that he is counting without his host, and i! done for the benefit of capital. Then, as bo
