2940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3D,
gress, or any other that may act upon the ques-
tion ; for this is a chronic claim of some twenty
years' standing.
The motion of Mr. Sargent was agreed to;
and the communication was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
LAWLESSNESS IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
referred, tinder the law. to the Committee on
Printing:
Jieaolved by the House, of Representative"!, (the Senate
concurring.) That there bo printed thirty thousand
copies of the message of the Presidentof the United
States of April 1'.). 1872, and t.he documents accom-
panying the same, in answer t,o a, resolution ot the
Xlonse of January 'Si, 1873, asking all information in
his possession upon which he acted in executing the
power canforrod upon him by the third and fourth
sections of the act of Congress approved July 20,
1871; the names of persons who have been arrested
under said act; the number who have confessed, See.;
ten thousand of said copies to he for tho use of the
Senate, and twenty thousand for the use of the
House.
LAND DONATION TO VINCENNES UNIVERSITY.
Mr. RITCHIE. I ask unanimous consent
to report, from the Committee on Public Lands,
for action at the present time, a bill which has
received the unanimous approval of that com-
mittee. It is the bill (H. 11. No. 239) author-
izing the award to the Vincennes University
of certain vacant and abandoned lands in
Knox county, Indiana.
The bill recites in the preamble that, it is
alleged there are certain parcels of abandoned
lands in Knox county, Indiana, which are
covered by old Vincennes donation ch-ims,
which have become abandoned, and to which
there is no subsisting confirmation or settle-
ment, by individuals as owners under confirma-
tion. The bill therefore provides that it, shall
and may be lawful for the Vincennes Univer-
sity, a corporation existing under the laws
of tin Slate <>f Indiana, to file in the United
States district, court for the district, of Indiana,
a petition descriptive of such abandoned and
non-claimed donations in Knox county in that
State, accompanied by such testimony as may
be relied upon in support, of the said alleged
abandonment, with evidence that, such list, had
been published for a period of at least three
months in Knox county, and calling on all
parties io show cause, if such exist, why such
tracts or parcels of land should not be declared
vacant; and thereafter in such cases as the
court shall find the tracts to be abandoned
and not, claimcd by any individuals under any
Confirmation, it shall have power to render a
decree accordingly, and upon such decree
betng deposited in the General Land Office,
■with a patent certificate from the register of
the land office at Indianapolis, Indiana, a
patent shall issue to the Vincennes University
for the parcels of lands so decreed as aban-
doned and awarded to the university. But
all proceedings in the premises are to be at
the cost of the university, and the patents so
issued are to operate only as a quit claim on
the part of the United States, and are not to
affect the valid adverse rights of any person,
should such hereafter be found to exist.
Mr. AMBLER. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman reporting this bill whetherthe lands
to which it refers are unoccupied.
Mr. RITCHIE. Yes, sir.
Mr. AMBLER. Entirely unoccupied ?
Mr. RITCHIE. Yes, sir.
Mr. NIBLACK. These lands lie in the
county in which I reside. They are waste
lands—a portion of them wet lands—and they
have been unoccupied for seventy or eighty
years. It is now proposed to try to make
something out of them, if possible.
Mr. AMBLER. If they are unoccupied
lands, I have no objection.
Mr. RITCHIE. By the resolution of Au-
gust 29,1788, and by the act of March 3,1791,
the Governor of the Northwest Territory was
vested with full power to set apart and confirm
to certain heads of families in that Territory
a tract of land not exceeding in each case an
area of four hundred acres. They were given
to the heads of families at Vincennes. There
are four lots, each of one hundred acres, the
title to which has never been confirmed.
These it is proposed by this bill to donate to
the Vincennes University. In other words, we
propose to give to this university the quit
claim of the United States to those lands.
There are no adverse claimants.
Mr. NIBLACK. Let me say this bill was
prepared at the General Land Office, and had
the approbation of the former Commissioner.
Mr. SARGENT. I understand there are no
adverse claimants at all.
Mr. RITCHIE. None at all.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. RITCHIE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH W. FOWLB.
On motion of Mr. L. MYERS, by unani-
mous consent,, a bill (S. No. 640) to extend
letters-patent heretofore issued to Joseph W.
Fowle was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Patents.
liOAHl) OF PUBLIC WORKS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States :
To the Senute and House of Representatives :
I havo tho honor to transmit herewith the annual
report of the Board of Public Works of the. District
of Columbia, submitted to me for that purpose by
the Governor of the Territory, in accordance with
section thirty-seven of an act to provide a, govern-
ment for the District of Columbia, approved Feb-
ruary 21,1871.
TJ. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion. April 30.1872.
The message was referred to the Committee
for tho District of Columbia, and ordered to
be printed.
DEFACED OK DESTROYED BONDS.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee of Ways and Means,
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 2565) t,o pro-
vide for the issue of bonds in lieu of defaced
or destroyed bonds of the United States, with
the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that
whenever it shall appear to the Secretary of
the Treasury, by clear and unequivocal proof,
that, any interest-bearing bond of the United
States has, without bad faith upon the part
of the owner, been destroyed, wholly or in
part, or so defaced as to impair its value to
the holder, the Secretary of the Treasury
shall, under such regulations, and with such
restrictions as to time and retention for secu-
rity or otherwise as he may prescribe, issue a
duplicate of such bond, of the same date, to
be so marked, and bearing like interest as the
bond so proved to have been destroyed or
defaced; provided that the owner of such de-
stroyed or defaced bond shall surrender the
same, or so much thereof as may remain, and
shall file in the Treasury a bond in a penal
sum equal to the amount of said destroyed or
defaced bond, and the interest which would
accrue thereon until the principal thereof is
due and payable, with two good and sufficient
securities, residents of the United States, to
be approved by the Secretary of the Treasury,
with condition to indemnify and save harm-
less the United States from any claim because
of the said destroyed or defaced bond.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHIPPEWA ItlVER, WISCONSIN.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of War, in relation to the Chippewa
river, Wisconsin t which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
FISK UNIVERSITY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in compliance with a request of
the Committee on the Public Lands, in relation
to the claim of Fisk University ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
THOMAS NILES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter trom the Secre-
tary of War, m compliance with a request of
the Committee of Claims, m reference to the
claim of Thomas Niles; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
ARMS FOR MONTANA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in compliance with a request of
the Committee on Military Affairs, in relation
to the transfer of arms to Montana Territory;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PROFESSORSHIP OF DKNTAL SURGERY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before tbe House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in reference to a bill (H. R. No.
2140) creating a professorship of dental sur-
gery at the United States Military and Naval
Academies; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
FLORIDA CAVALRY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from ihe
Secretary of War. in compliance with the re-
quest of the Committee on Military Affairs, in
relation to-company E, first regiment Floiida
cavalry ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
LIOIIT-HOCSE AT SOLOMON'S LUMP.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in relation to a light-
house at Solomon's Lump, Kedge's straits,
between Tangier sound and Chesapeake bay ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
INDIAN BOUNTY FRAUDS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting an esti-
mate of an appropriation to meet expenses
incurred in the investigation of Indian bounty
frauds; which was referred to the Committee!
on Anpropriations. and ordered to be printed.
WATER COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting the report of tbe
arbitrators selected under an act of Congress
entitled uAn act, for the improvement of water
communication between the Mississippi river
and Lake Michigan;" which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
BRITISH "COUNTER-CASE."
Mr. BANKS. There has been no order
given for printing the usual number of copies
of the President's message, with the British
" counter case," communicated yesterday. I
ask that the order may be given.
