3836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
able recommendation, a bill (H. II. No. 1912)
for the relief of David Sergeant. I present
this bill upon the statement of the chairman,
who has examined the case, (as I have not,)
that it is a proper bill, and should be passed.
The bill, which was read, directs the Quar-
termaster General of the Army to pay to
David Sergeant, late a captain in company
H, seventh regiment Michigan cavalry, out of
any money for the transportation of the Army,
the sum of $>360,.on the presentation by him
of satisfactory proof that he paid, that sum for
transportation of enlisted men of his command
from Denver, Colorado Territory, to Fort
Leavenworth, Kansas.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vole by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
agiucui.tckal land scrip.
Mr. IIOLMAN. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Wilson,] chairman of the Committee
on Agriculture, who is about to leave town,
desires to present a report, and I yield to him
for that purpose.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on Agriculture, sub-
mitted a report in relation to the disposition
of the agricultural college land scrip ; which
was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
margarkt l'lh.ebeows.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2885) for
the relief of Margaret Fillebrown; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. IIOLMAN. 1 hope no gentleman will
raise a point of order on that bill until I have
had an opportunity to make some explanation.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury shall be directed to
pay Margaret Fillebrown, widow of Henry C.
Fillebrown, who lost his life by being drowned
in the Coosa river, in the State of Alabama,
wliile engaged in the service of the United
Slates as an engineer, the salary Henry C.
Fillebrown would have been entitled to from
the date of his death, namely, August 11,
1871, to the end of the fiscal year in which
his death occurred, being at the rate of $200
per mouth.
Mr. L. MYERS. Is there a report in this
case?
Mr. HOLMAN. There is, but it is too long
to read. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say a word
about this case so that gentlemen may not be
under any misapprehension about the charac-
ter of the bill. The effect of it will be to give
some two thousand dollars to Mrs. Margaret
Fillebrown, being the salary her husband
would have received for the balance of the
fiscal year during which he was drowned while
in the Government service. The testimony
shows that Fillebrown lost his life while a civil
engineer in the service of the Government,
while surveying one of the rivers of the South
named in this bill, the Coosa river in Alabama.
He lost his life by the capsizing of a boat. His
superior officer who was with him, a gentleman
now living in Ohio, whose affidavits 1 have be-
fore me, barely escaped with his life. The ques-
tion involved here is whether under such cir-
cumstances it is proper to pay this widow, who
I understand is poor with a family of six little
children, the balance of the salary her hus-
band would have been entitled to have re-
ceived for the remaining portion of the fiscal
year if he had not lost his life in the service
of the Government.
Mr. CONGER. What regiment did the
gentleman say he belonged to?
Mr. HOLMAN. He was a civil engineer
in the service of the Government, and that is
the reason why I desired to make some explan
ation in order that there might be no misap-
prehension in the minds of gentlemen as to the
character of this bill. I put it on the same
ground of a bill passed some weeks ago, by
which the widow of a judge of a district court
in Florida was voted the balance of the pay
to which her husband would have been entitled
during the fiscal year when he lost his life by
yellow fever in the discharge of his duties.
Mr. MAYNARD. This gentleman, I under-
stand, this man was a member of the engiueer
corps of the Army, and lost his life in the
discharge of his du^es, and I hope the gen-
tleman from Indiana will consume no more
time but let us pass the bill, which I believe to
be perfectly just.
Mr. MOORE, of Illinois. I want to know
of the gentleman from Indiana what difference
there is between this case and the case of the
man who, while in the service of the Govern-
ment in a civil capacity, fell through a hatch-
way while measuring the tonnage of a vessel,
and was totally disabled from all further em-
ployment. As I understand it, they were both
engaged in a civil capacity in the service of
the Government. If there be any difference
between the cases, the case of the man who
fell through the hatchway while rendering the
most singularly efficient services to the Gov-
ernment is far more meritorious. Why should
this civilian have allowed to him that which
gentlemen denied to the officer who in my
judgment, had a far more: meritorious case ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust my friend will not
consume the time the committee have. I
<}uite understand the gentleman's point. It is
impossible for me to stop to discuss the differ-
ence between the cases. I have only this to
say, that the practice of the Government has
been in such cases to pay to the widow the
balance of the year's salary. In this case the
Committee of Claims have taken the balance
of the fiscal year, which is about teu months.
I call the previous question.
Mr. L. MYERS. Does the report state all
these facts?
Mr. HOLMAN. It does.
Mr. ARCHER. Exactly the same thing
was done in the case of the Oneida.
The bill was ordered to he engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william johnson.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2887) for the relief
of William Johnson, of Ripley county, Indi-
ana ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill makes an appro-
priation, and I will have a word or two to say
as to that in the event of the point of order
being made.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to William Johnson, of
Ripley county, Indiana, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the
sum of $130 for one horse belouging to him,
and which was, on the 14th day of July, 1863,
taken by the military force under General
Hobson and applied to the service of the
United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will make a brief state-
ment of the facts in this case. This man,
Johnson, was a soldier in the third Indiana
cavalry, and was at the time in the service.
In the pursuit, in the State of Indiana, of Mor-
gan by the Union general, Hobson, aq the
horses gave out from time to time the soldiers
took what horses they could get hold of.
The residence of this soldier, Johnson, was on
the route of the raid. The proof is abundant
that as the solders passed his little farm, not
tar from Versailles, Ripley county, a sol-
dier's horse gave out and the soldier took
Johnson's horse, and it was afterward dis-
posed of by the provost marshal for the bene-
fit of the Government.
I desire to say in this connection that but
one bill of this class has passed before. If a
voucher had been given by an officer the horse
wouldhave been paid for. But the testimony
of credible witnesses is that no officer was
present. Or if any affidavit by an officer had
been obtained, it would have been sufficient;
but there is no affidavit by an officer. The facts
are as I have stated them. I call the previous
question.
Mr. MOORE. I hope the gentleman will
be willing to hear some statements in reference
to this case, and not insist on hurrying it
through.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am willing to answer any
question the gentleman may put. But I hope
this case will not be allowed to occupy time.
There are a number of bills to be reported by
other members of the committee.
Mr. MOORE. I hope the gentleman will
not be so. very sensitive about consuming time.
When the gentleman is himself appealed to
about consuining time he is not so very ready
to yield to such appeals.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is not my time that ia
being occupied ; it is that of the committee.
Mr. MOORE. Now,as regards this case, I
believe it was before the Committee of Claims
in the Forty-First Congress, and was rejected
along with a number of other claims which
rested upon precisely a similar state of facts.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman say
that this bill was before the Committee of
Claims in the Forty-First Congress?
Mr. MOORE. Yes, sir; this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Oh, no ; these papers only
came in a few months ago.
Mr. MOORE. A claim which I myself pre-
sented before the committee in the Forty-
First Congress, alleging that certain soldiers
had taken the property of a certain merchant
in the State of Ihinois, was rejected by the
Committee of Claims on the ground that the
Government was not responsible for what an
individual soldier did.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is right.
Mr. MOORE. And that it could not by
any means make itself responsible. Now, a
soldier without any show of orders from the
Government takes possession of this horse, as
soldiers have taken possession of thousands of
horses in that very identical way ; and this bill
proposes to make the Government responsible
for what every individual soldier may have
done. It would be impossible to give com-
pensation in all those cases.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am in favor of the pay-
ment of any just claim.
Mr. MOORE. I object to the principle on
which this is based.
Mr. L. MYERS. I should like to hear the
report in this case read.
Mr. DONNAN. I am inclined to think that
when the Committee of Claims is reporting,
we need another Holmau in the House, from
the fact that the bill No. 1902 has just been
passed, which was a bill referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and which that
committee refused to recommend.
Mr. HOLMAN. The Fillebrown case?
Mr. DONNAN. No; the bill for the relief
of a man named Sargeant. I thinlc all these
cases of a military character ought to be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. The gentleman will excuse
me for a moment. I hope he heard me make
the statement that I had not examined that
case, but that the chairman of the committee
had examined it and thought that the bill
ought to pass. I have no doubt that it ought
to pass, although I have never examined it.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. And my chief
authority was a member of the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. L. MYERS. I think this is a case in
which, at all events, there should be a report.
