Mo
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 6,
Ho. op Reps.
Virginia Politics—Mr. Piatt.
42d Cong....2d
" kukluxism " which exists in more southern lati-
tudes, is very damaging to the interests of the city,
State, and country.
The facts -which I have bero brought to your
lw&tice sire abundantly capable of proof, and can
be substantiated by affidavits of responsible parties,
should the same be necessary.
And in th« cases of the keeper and physician of
the almshouse, although duly elected by the people
at an election held in accordance with the State
laws,, and in reference to which the Democratic
party made up their ticket, including candidates
tbr the above offices, after taking the advice of the
most learned legal counsel in the cfty, these officers
elected upon the Republican ticket at said election
were, after having held the offices several months,
thrust from office on the plea that the new charter
of the city gave the appointment to the city council,
and Democrats were accordingly appointed to these
positions in the place of the Republicans elected at
a legal election, having received a large majority of
the popular vote.
Again thanking you in the name of the Repub-
lican party of this city for your noble defense of
Republicans, and your truthful statement of the
indignities and abuse to which they are subjected
by reason of their devotion to principle, I am truly
yours,
JOHN P. DEZENDORF.
Chairman Executive Committee of Norfolk.
Hon. James H. Platt, 31. C.. Second Congressional
District of Virginia, Washington, D. C\
District of Columbia, County of Washington, ss:
Be it known that John P. Dezendorf personally
appeared before me in said District, and being by
me duly sworn according to law, deposes and says
that the statements in the foregoing paper are true
to the best of his knowledge and belief.
Witness my hand and seal this 4th day of April,
R. H. MARSH,
Notary Public.
1872.
[l. s.J
Norfolk, March 21,1872.
Dear Sir: At a meeting of the National Repub-
lican Club, held at their rooms on the 21st instant,
the inclosed letter was unanimously adopted, and
the president was directed to forward you a copy,
which yuu may use as you may see proper.
Respectfully, yours,
JAMES H. HALL,
President Republican (Jlvb.
Hon. James H. Platt, M. C., Washington, Jjixtriv*
of Columbia.
Norfolk, March 21,1872.
"We, the undersigned Republicans and citizens of
Norfolk, Virginia, fully corroborate the statement
made by you in 'the House of Representatives as
published in the Norfolk Journal of this date, as
trae in ail respects, as far as this city is concerned,
notwit.hstandingthe letter read by Hon.E. M. Brax-
ton, M. C., of the seventh congressional district, from
Hon. W. H. Taylor, of the senate of Virginia.
We were present at the various voting precincts
at several elections, and especially at the election
held on the fourth Thursday of May, 1870, and wit-
nessed the abuses practiced upon the colored voters,
and are satisfied that when the polls closed at sun-
down at lea«t one hundred and fifty to two hundred
colored men had to go home without recording their
votes for the Republican party.
JAMES H. HALL, President.
WILLIAM*!1. BELL, Secretary.
The above was indorsed by the entire club, num-
bering sixty or more present at the time.
Respectfully,
WILLIAM T. BELL, Secretary.
Mr. PLATT. Now, sir, in regard to Ports-
mouth, I send to the Clerk's desk and ask to
have read a communication from a reliable and
well-known citizen of that city, and I vouch
for the truth of the statement made by him.
The Clerk read as follows:
Portsmouth, Virginia, March a), 1872.
Dear Sir: By request of P. Gr. Thomas, mayor,
I will endeavor to give you the facts asked for in
yours of the 18th.
Pirst, in relation to the murder of John Wilson.
On the Saturday night following the election for
members of the Legislature, (in which the Demo-
crats succeeded by reason of the Republicans run-
ning two candidates,) the Democratic party had a
torchlight procession, in which were a number of
rowdies from Norfolk and also the rough element of
Portsmouth. They were outrageous in their be-
havior on the streets, causing even Democratic
saloon-keepers to close their doors. After the pro-
cession reached the eourt-house, and the speaking
commenced, alargenumber of those carrying torches
came down thestreet yelling and whooping, and dis-
turbing the peace generally. Policeman John Wil-
son (who was a gentleman, in manners) approached
them and very kindly asked them to preserve the
peace, telling them he had no desire to arrest anv
one, but was compelled to do his duty, and hoped
they would go along quietly.
The party surrounded Wilson, and several raised
the cry of kill th^darnncd nigger. Oneof the party
placed a pistol clos*© to the back of Wilson's head
and fired, the ball entering back of and below the
left ear, ranging up into the brain. He immedi-
ately fell and expired. The crowd kicked Wilson
after he fell; some of them also struck him with i
their torches. One young man (Hamilton) testified !
that he got over the body of Wilson and told the ;
crowd that he (Hamilton) was a Democrat, but such ,
conduct was shameful and would bring disgrace on ;
the party. :
This foul murder took place on the principal }
street, between two corner stores, with at least a j
hundred people within one hundred feet. 1 heard 1
ot the murder shortly after it happened, and at once ,
started for thesceneof action. Several triends tried ,
to detain me. fearing some harm would befall me. j
I told them I thought there was no danger. 1 went j
up High street and found the body of Wilson had I
been removed to the station-house, whither I pro- \
ceeded and sent for Coroner Matthews, who impan-
eled a jury, I being one of them.
The evidence identified a number of persons as
being present among the disturbers of the peace
and among the crowd who committed the murder.
Several parties swore they could recognize the
person who fired the shot could they see him again,
but that they did not know his name, but that he
lived in Norfolk. One man, I think, testified that
his name was Johnson. Warrants were issued for
the arrest of Thomas Flood, John Bullock, Tnomas
Pinly, and Charles Brown. It was proven con-
clusively that Flood and Bullock were in the crowd
of peace disturbers, and also in the Democratic pro-
cession.
The day after the murder Mayor Thomas received
information that the person who fired the shot
was identified, and that he resided in Norfolk. A
warrant was immediately issued, and placed in the
hands of officers Brown and Wilson, after being
countersigned by Mayor Whitehead, of Norfolk, who
sent a Norfolk policeman to assist them.
The officers were followed by a crowd of Norfolk
firemen to the residence of the accused, when the
Norfolk officer walked off. The rowdies and fire-
men then threatened the Portsmouth officers, and
intimidated them to such an extent that they
returned to Portsmouth, believing their lives in
danger. Mayor Thomas then made a formal com-
plaint to Mayor Whitehead, of Norfolk, who prom-
ised to have the accused if he was to be found; but
the bird had flown and has not been seen since, to
my knowledge. Thefacts were plain that the Demo-
cratic party sympathized with the murderers; but I
must say that I believe nine out of ten of our citi-
zens were sorry it occurred.
Second, at the election for members of the city
council while the Republicans carried the city on
the popular vote, the Democrats carried one of the
wards,(Jacksoa,) thus making a tie in the council and
causing a dead-lock (I was one of the Republican
members.) We met at various times for some three
months without being able to organize. Finally we
agreed upon a compromise which gave *he Demo-
crats the president of the council, while we retained
the clerk; city officers to remain as they were, unless
vacancies occurred by death, malfeasance, or resig-
nation. This was considered fair, and was all that
was necessary for practical legislation.
After some time, without agitation of the subject
in the city, no application or petition from any
known source, the ^Legislature passed an act amend-
ing the city charter by making six members Of the
council a quorum, giving the president one vote to
make a tie and another one to decide the question ;
thus giving the minority representation full legisla-
tive power.
Under the operation of,this act all the rules of
thecouncii were suspended, and six men, represent-
ing the smallest ward in the city, refused to record
the votes of the six men representing the largest
ward. I appealed to the president, who had been
chosen by compromise, and he decided virtually
that by his casting vote he had the power to refuse
to record my vote, as a member of the city council,
unless I voted for a man nominated by one of the
Democratic members; andhedid so refuse to record
my vote. The Republican members were mere
head-pieces. Their power as members were entirely
taken away. This act of injustice was so glaring
that I have heard life-long Democrats denounce it;
and I know of some men who have left that party
because of it.
You will peroeive the action of the Legislature
could possibly have no motive' except the temporary
control of the paltry patronage of a bankrupt city
for the Democracy. Had they sought to remedy a
defect in the charter they would have provided for
future contingencies; but they have not done so,
and a tie in the council hereafter would forever pre-
vent an organization, because no party would give
one man of the opposite party full legislative power
such as the president of the city council has under
this act of the Virginia Legislature.
I have tried to give you a succinct statement;
would go more into detail did I deem it necessaiy.
I am willing to make affidavit to the truth of what
is herte stated at any time; and should you want
information on any one point, you will either state
it or telegraph for me to come to Washington.
Yours, truly, JAMES H. CLEMENTS. -
Hon. James H. Platt, m. g.
Mr. PLATT. And now, sir, a few words
only in reply to the statements of my colleague
in relation to his own district. He says :
"As to the charge of intimidation practiced by the
Conservative party in tha State of Virginia, I only
have proof as to one of the congressional districts ;
;md I here say that the charge, so far as the district
that I represent is involved, is utterly unfounded,
and I believe it to be untrue as to every district in
the State. Sir, the seventh district was scoured by
a United States commissioner and an attorney-at-
law after the last congressional election. It was
hunted all over before the eleotion by white and
black men who were paid by the executive Repub-
, hcan committee in this city to canvass, as they
i termed it, but m fact to search up something to sus-
1 tain a contest determined on weeks before the elec-
1 tion for the seat thatl now have; and all thatcould
I be found to sustain the charge of intimidation was
one poor, idiotic negro, who, when asked by tho
commissioner, ' What is an oath?' answered, ' It is
what you see, and what you know.'"
I find, on turning to page 26 of House Mis-
cellaneous ReportNo. 35, containing the testi-
mony taken in the case of McKenzie vs. Brax-
ton, that the testimony of the idiotic negro
referred to by my colleague is there reported.
He swears that a man named Steward Thomas
told him at Criglersville precinct the day of
election that he had voted against him once,
and that if he did it again he must leave, or
he (Tho'mas) would put a ball in him. This
ignorant man was certainly a legal voter, and
at least had sufficient mental capacity to un-
derstand that voting for Mr. McKenzie was
dangerous business at that precinct. This
document contains other testimony, the evi-
dence of gentlemen of intelligence, and whose
character for truth and veracity has never been
assailed. My colleague seems to have for-
gotten those statements, when making the
broad and sweeping declaration in regard to
his own district I have quoted above.
I desire to refer to some facts shown dearly
by the evidence as reported. I call the atten-
tion of my colleague to the deposition of Mr.
John J. Robinson, on page 17, who swears
that because he advocated the Republican
ticket he was threatened with being mobbed ;
that he was actually attacked in the county of
Madison, in my colleague's district; that his
life was imperiled. So great was the danger
that he had to call on a peace officer for pro-
tection, and finally flee the place to save his life.
The testimony of Thomas Monroe, on page
21, shows that because be was legitimately
workingin the interest of the Republican party
he was attacked and fired upon by his assail-
ants, and only saved his life by flight and refuge
in a thick wood.
The testimony of R. D. Beekley, on pages
33 and 34, show that at a Republican meeting
at the court-house of the county of Culpepper
the most riotous proceedings were resorted to
by the political friends of my colleague, con-
sisting in part, in the language of deponent,
"Sticks were raised, stones were thrown.
Oliver (one of the Republican speakers) was
yelled at with cries of ' The damned nigger
shall not speak here, down with the negro,1 "
and severe threats; and because of these pro-
ceedings, other speakers were afraid to venture
on the stand. Both Mr. Beekley and Mr. Oliver
are well known to me personally. They are
among the most intelligent colored men of the
country. Gentlemanly in deportment and char-
acter, no one who knows them would doubt any
statement they would make on or off the wit-
ness-stand.
The depositions of Robert Allen, C. W.
Holland, and others, on pages 28, 29, and
30, show that they and others who desired to
vote the Republican ticket were prevented
from so doing by the action of the partisan
conductors of the^election in failing to open
the polls as required by, law, this being a
favorite way of preventing Republican majori-
ties being given, frequently practiced in various
portions of the State at precincts with large
Republican majorities.
This is a sin of omission for which the State
