1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2941
The SPEAKER. The order will be entered
on the Journal.
territorial business.
Mr. TAFFE. I ask that by unanimous con-
sent there be an evening session to-morrow at
half past seven for business of the Committee
on the Territories. It will be remembered by
the Chair that an order was made, I think, ou
the 26th of February, setting apart for the
business of the Committee on the Territories
a day two weeks from that time. We have
from time to time given way for public busi-
ness. To-day on an examination of the ori-
ginal order and the continued orders there ap-
pears to be a discrepancy between them. There
was a question whether, as the order stood for
to-day, it was to the exclusion of ail other
orders. I think the language used, both by
the Speaker and myself, when the order was
continued will show that it was to the exclu-
sion of all other orders. But waiving that
question, I ask that by unanimous consent
there be a session of the House to-morrow
evening for the consideration of our reports.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the committee in-
tend to bring in any bill to create a new State?
Mr. TAFFE. It is not the intention of the
committee to do so.
Mr. RANDALL. On that understanding
I will'make no objection to the gentleman's
proposition.
Mr. DAWES. I hope that what the gen-
tleman from Nebraska [Mr Taffe] asks will
be granted. And further, if the Committee
ou the Territories does not occupy the whole
of the evening, I will ask that for the balance
of the evening the House shall resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the tariff bill.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
there will be a session of the House to-morrow
evening, at half past seven o'clock, to be
devoted exclusively to reports from the Com-
mittee on the Territories, unless, at the con-
clusion of their business, there shall be a
margin of time left for the discussion of the
tariff.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
Mr. DAWES. I beg to give notice to gen-
tlemen who desire to debate the tariff that
they had better be here to-morrow evening.
yacht red hot
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Commerce, reported
back, with the recommendation that it do pass,
the bill (H. R. No. 2341) to allow the yacht
Red Hot to take the name of Addie Parker,
and to be registered under that name.
The bill was read.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I would suggest
that the word "pleasure" be inserted in the
bill before the word "yacht," so that this case
may not be used as a precedent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I agree to that. The only
object of the bill is to change the title, which
m the estimation of the present owner is a
rather harsh one.
The bill was accordingly amended by the
insertion of the word "pleasure" before the
word "yacht."
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
amendment of election law.
On motion of Mr. SLATER, by unanimous
consent, the bill (S. No. 793) to amend an act
approved February 28, 1871, amending an act
approved May 31, 1870, entitled "An act to
enforce the rights of citizens of the United
otat.es to vote in the several States of this
Union, and for other purposes," was taken
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time.
Mr. SLATER. I ask that the bill be now
put upon its passage.
The bill was read. It proposes to amend
section nineteen of an act to amend an act
approved May 31, 1870, entitled "An act to
enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of this
Union, and for other purposes," and amended
act approved February 28, 1871; so as to read
as follows:
Sec. 19. That all votes for Representatives in Con-
gress shall hereafter be by written or printed ballot,
any law of any State to the contrary notwithstand-
ing ; and all votes received or recorded contrary to
the provisions of this section shall be of none effect.
But the section is not to apply to any State
voting otherwise whose eleetious for Repre-
sentatives occur previous to the regular meet-
ing of its Legislature next after the approval
of the act.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SLATER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
signal stations in virginia.
Mr. BRAXTON, by unanimous consent,
presented joint resolutions of the State of
Virginia, recommending the establishment of
signal stations at Hatteras and oiher points
on the coast of Virginia and North Carolina ;
which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. B. F. MEYERS, leave was
granted for the withdrawal of papers in the
case of Israel Youst.
On motion of Mr. HARPER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of papers in the
case of F. W. Swetland, special agent of the
Cherokees, under the act of July 29, 1840.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Hibbard for one day.
By unanimous consent leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Waldron for one week on
account of a death in his family.
national sharpshooter's association.
The SPEAKER. Some weeks since the
House authorized the appointment of a com-
mittee to accept the invitation of the National
Sharpshooter's Association who hold a festival
at Highland, Illinois. The Chair appoints as
said committer the following gentlemen; Mr.
John B. Hay of Illinois, Mr. Gustavus A.
Finkelnburg of Missouri, Mr. John Coburn
of Indiana, Mr. S. S. Cox of New York, and
Mr. Lewis D. Campbell of Ohio.
Mr. DAWES. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at four o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.  
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARTHUR: The petition of Daniel
Bryan, R. D. Hobday, C. H. Winter, and 27
other citizens, growers and dealers in leaf
tobacco, of the county of Bracken and State
of Kentucky, protesting against any advance
ou the present tax upon smoking tobacco, &c.
By Mr. COBURN: The petitions of soldiers
and sailors of Newark, Hoboken, Millville,
and Elizabeth, New Jersey, and of soldiers
and sailors of Rochester, New Hampshire,
Camden, New Jersey, and Bridgeport, Con-
necticut., asking a law providing for industrial
homes for the orphans of soldiers and sailors.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The peti-
tion of Mark Davis, sen., for losses sustained
during the war of the rebellion.
By Mr. GETZ: The memorial of Mrs.
Sophia Schimmelpennig, widow of the late
General Schimmelpennig, praying an increase
of pension.
By Mr. HOLMAN : The petition of J. H.
Fout, J. L. Fisher, Ph. Jacob Dipper, John
Jager, A. W. Henry, and 30 others, citizens
of Madison, Indiana, for the passage of House
bill No. 1738 ; also for the equalization of the
pensions of Union soldiers of the late war and
for land bounties to Union soldiers without
settlement.
Also, the petition of Alexander B. Hoskins,
T. B. Garvey, R. K. Jenks, and 200 others,
citizens of Clark county, Indiana, praying
the passage of House bill No. 1738, for an in-
crease of the pensions of wholly disabled and
partially disabled soldiers.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of B.
F. Herrington, Peter Brown, Morgan Bell,
Thomas Laidley, sen., W. C. E^lenniken, and
117 others, citizens of Greene county, Penn-
sylvania, praying an increase of pensions to
permanently disabled soldiers of the late Union
Army.
By Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire: The
petition of J. K. Pierce and others, asking
legislation in relation to promotions in the
Army. .
By Mr. SPRAGUB : The petition of 27 sol-
diers of the war of the rebellion, asking the
equalization of bounties and an increase of
pensions, and sundry other legislation favorable
to soldiers and their widows.
By Mr. STARKWEATHER: The petition
of John B. Bruce and others, asking the
passage of House bill No. 1738.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 1, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. J. R. Fry, of Reading, Penn-
sylvania.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sox, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed the bill of the House (H.
It. No. 174) repealing the duties ou tea and
coffee, with amendments; in which he was
directed to ask tho concurrence of the House.
duties on tea and coffee.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent
that that bill be taken up now and considered
in the House.
Mr. BURCHARD. I wish to say that it
seems desirable that we should act upon this
bill at once, in order that we may see where
the other fifty or fifty-nine million dollars of
reduction may be applied.
There being no objection, the amendments
of the Senate were taken up for consideration,
and were read, as follows :
In line one of the bill strike out "from" and
insert " on."
In lines one and two of the bill strike out "tne
passage cf this act," and insert "the lstday of July
next."
Add at the end of the Mil the following:
And all tea and coffee which may be in a public
store or bonded warehouse on tne said 1st day of
July shall be subject to no duty upon the entry
thereof for consumption, and all tea and coffee
remaining in bonded warehouses on the said 1st of
July, upon which duties shall have been paid, shall
be entitled to a refund of the duties paid.
Mr. STEVENSON. Does it require unan-
imous consent to consider this bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair put the ques-
tion to the House, and unanimous consent
was granted.
Mr. DAWES. This bill was introduced a
year ago last March by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.] It passed the
House under a suspension of the rules. It
