1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman thinks
this $130 ought not to be paid to the soldier
let him object.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand there is no
dispute about the facts in the case.
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no dispute about
the facts.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand that the
gentleman lias personal knowledge of the
tacts.
Mr. HOLMAN. I know the facts, but I do
not ask the passage of the bill on that ground ;
the evidence is ample. .
Mr. CONGER. I understood that the Com-
mittee of Claims promised some time ago to
report a general bill which would cover all
this class of cases.
Mr. HOLMAN. The reason that has not
been done is that there are so few of them.
Mr. CONGER. I insist that this should
come in under a general law.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
dwigiit j. m'cann.
Mr. HOLMAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reporteda bill (H. R. No. 2890) for the
relief of Dwight J. McCann ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to examine the claim of
Dwight J. McCann on account of losses sus-
tained by a breach of contract for the trans-
portation of Indian supplies from Omaha,
Nebraska, in May, 18G(i, and to adjudicate
and pay the same, the amount not to exceed
$4,890 75, in full satisfaction thereof.
The bili was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. IIOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
joiin potts.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am instructed by the
Committee of Claims to report back the Senate
bill No. 908, for the relief of John Potts,
chief clerk of the War Department, with an
amendment in the nature of a substitute. The
bill is subject to a point of order, and before
that point of order is made 1 hope that the
substitute will be read and a moment allowed
for explanation. It is not necessary to read
the Senate bill, which merely appropriates
$2,600.
The Clerk read the substitute, as follows:
Be it enacted, &c., That the sum of $2,000 be paid to
John Potts, chief eterk of the War Department, for
services as disbursing clerk at the rate of $200 per
Annum, from the 15th of February, 1861, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated;
Provided, That itshali be lawtul hereafter to pay tor
such services at such rate, whether sueh clerk shall
havo been appointed from class four or irom a
higher grade, any existing law to the contrary not-
withstanding.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire now to make a
brief explanation. Up to this time the Com-
mittee of Claims have strenuously resisted
tile paying of double compensation to the
same officer, and I wish to point out the dis-
tinction between this case and cases that come
within that classification. John Potts was
chief clerk of the War Department when the
late war brfike out. The law which was then
in force, and which is still in force, and which
the proviso which we report proposes to
modify, provided that the disbursements of
the War Department should be made by a
fourth class clerk, who should receive the ad-
ditional compensation for the responsibility of
disbursement of $200 a year. When the war
broke out the disbursements began to increase
enormously, and all the Secretaries of War
from the spring of 1861 up to the last few
months, and through the whole war, insisted
that John Potts should perform these duties.
The committee do not propose to do any-
thing except to avoid the mere technicality of
the law. The $200 a year additional would
have been paid to Mr. Potts had he been a
fourth-class clerk. The duties that were per-
formed by him were such that he should have
received additional compensation for them.
It is very clear that as the duties and respons-
ibilities of the position were greatly increased
it was proper enough that they should devolve
upon a clerk of the highest grade. The Senate
bill proposes to pay him $2,500 in gross. The
substitute reported from the committee pro-
poses to pay him $2,000, or at the rate of $200
a year, and to provide that hereafter a dis-
bursing clerk may be either a fourth-class clerk
or a clerk of the highest grade.
Mr. L. MYERS. I desire to state that there
is a precisely similar case under the same law
in'the Patent Office. The disbursing clerk of
that office discharged additional duties, but
did not receive what he ought to havo received
on account of not being a fourth-class clerk.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe that is not a
similar case. The only ground upon which
this bill can be sustained is on account of the
very large disbursement made during the war,
greatly increasing the duties of the chief
clerk. I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be read a third time ; and it was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
on the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
StMiiON STANSIFER.
Mr. IIOLMAN also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (II. 11. No. 2888) for the
relief of Simeon Stansifer; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. IIOLMAN. This bill contains an ap-
propriation, and is subject to a point of order.
Mr. L. MYERS. 'lhen I reserve the point
of order.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I believe, upon reflection,
thai it does not contain an appropriation, and
therefore is not subject to a point of order.
The bill, which was read, directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in adjusting the ac-
counts of Simeon Stansifer, late collector of
itiLcrnal revenue in the third district of Indi-
ana, to allow liim a credit of $800 on account
of an error committed in regard to revenue
stamps alleged to have beeu delivered to him
as such collector.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I ask the Clerk to read the
last clause of the statement by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue in this case.
The Clerk read as follows:
" In conclusion, I think it very doubtful whether
under the circumstances, and in view of the ac-
knowledged laches of the Government, a suit for
the recovery of the balanre in question eould be
maintained in any court ot competent jurisdiction."
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to state the char-
acter of this case in a word. Mr. Stansifer
was a collector of internal revenue in the third
district of Indiana.
Mr. MAYNARD. If there are any objec-
tions to this bill I hope the gentleman will state
them.
Mr. HOLMAN. I want to state the facts
so that the geftitleman can judge for himself.
There was an alleged mistake in the accounts
of this officer. The House will understand
from the statement of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue exactly what is the condition
of this case. The question is whether, under
the circumstances, a reputable citizen should
be subjected to a suit or not. He was removed
from office during the administration of Mr.
Johnson, and promptly settled his accounts.
Between one and two years afterward it was
alleged that a mistake had been discovered in
regard to certain stamps. This gentleman is
a very high-minded man, and his reputation is
well known throughout, the State of Indiana.
IIi3 own affidavit of the facts would seem to
leave no doubt that instead of there having
been a mistake in his favor, there was actually
a mistake made against him. But I rely
mainly upon the statement of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, who, after review-
ing the whole case, expresses the opinion thatit
is doubtful whether on account of the' laches
of the Government a suit could be maintained
against this individual.1 I submit that in such
case a citizen should not be subjected to the
expenses of a suit where a Government official
thinks such a suit could not be maintained.
Mr. L. MYERS. I think the gentleman's
statement is satisfactory.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Homan] whether in
view of all the facts he would recommend the
passage of this bill ?
Mr. HOLMAN. In view of all the circum-
stances, I think I would.
Mr. CONGEII. I did not learn exactly
which way the gentleman's argument leaned.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. IIOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
silas d. rikld.
Mr. HOLMAN also, from the Committee
of Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2889) to
refund to Silas D. Field certain moneys be-
longing to him; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe this bill is also
subject to a point of order.
Air. L. MEYERS. I desire to reserve the
point of order. [Laughter.]
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to refund to Silas
P. Field the proceeds now in the Treasury
(not exceeding $2,000) ofany real estateowned
by him, heretofore sold for United States taxes,
first deducting therefrom the taxes, charges,
and expenses of the same.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire that the facts of
this case shall be understood. Mr. Field was
the owner of certain real estate in Little Rock,
Arkansas, which was sold for taxes, amount-
ing to eleven dollars. The property brought
$2,000, which was paid over to the tax com-
missioner, as appears from the statement
which I shall submit. This bill proposes to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
refund that money, deducting the tax and
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to this bill. We
to-day passed a general bill which covers this
case.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit the following
letter explanatory of the circumstances of
this case:
Treasury Department,
Office of Ixternal Hbvexok,
Washington, May 17.1872.
Sin: In reply to your inquiry as to whether the
purchase-money paid for a certain lot of land m
Little Rock. Arkansas, which was sold for non-pay-
ment of United States direct taxes, formerly owned
by Silas Field, has been paid into the United
States Treasury, I havo to xay that I find upon
examination of the records of this office that a lot
formerly owned by Silas F. Field, situated in Little
Rock, Arkansas, was sold for taxes on the 4th day of
May, 18G5, and that the sum of $2,000 was paid to the
United States direct tax commissioners on the 8th
day of May, 1865.
