2942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
comes back with no other alteration than is
necessary from the long time it has been pend-
ing in the Senate. The matter is so perfectly
understood by the House that unless the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, who has the right,
of course, as the originator of the bill to be
lieard, desires to speak upon it, I will move
the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. I only desire to move
that the amendments of the Senate be con-
curred in.
Mr. DAWES. Then 1 will move that the
amendments be concurred in, and upon that,
question 1 demand the previous question. I
may state that this measure will reduce the
revenue between sixteen and seventeen mil-
lion dollars.
Mr. WOOD. I believe discussion is not in
order pending the demand for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, being on concurring
in the amendments of the Senate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I demand the yeas
and nays upon that question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, nine
members voting in the affirmative and sixty-
five in the negative.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is there a quorum in
the House?
The SPEAKER. It does not, require a
quorum^o order or to refuse to order the yeas
and nays. There must be a quorum, however,
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 submit whether the
question can be taken upon all the amendments
of the Senate at once ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the im-
pression that there is substantially one amend-
ment only.
Mr. MAYNARD. Oh, no; there is a sub-
sequent provision with reference to tea and
coffee in bonded warehouses on the 1st of .1 uly.
The third amendment of the. Senate was
again read.
The SPEAKER. Any member has the
right to have a separate vote on this amend-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWOliTH. 1 have no objection
to taking the vote on all the amendments
together; but, I want the yeas and nays on
them.
Mr. RANDALL. Was not the first amend-
men agreed to—the amendment fixing the
time when this bill shall go into effect ?
The SPEAKER. It was; and the ques-
tion now is on the second amendment,, in rela-
tion to tea and coffee in bond on the 1st of
July next.
Mr. STEVENSON. Are gentlemen afraid
to go upon record ?
The SPEAKER. The question is upon
agreeing to the second amendment of the
Senate.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 77, noes 11; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stevenson
and Mr. Randall were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 113, noes 10.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDEII OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HOAR. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table and re-
ferred to the Committee on Education and
Labor, not to be brought back by a motion to
reconsider, Senate bill No. 964 to amend an
act entitled ''An act to amend the fifth section
of an act donating public lands to the sev-
eral States and Territories which may provide
colleges for the benefit of agriculture and the
mechanic arts, approved July 2, 1862, so as
to extend the time within which the provisions
of said act shall beaccepted and such colleges
established," approved July 23, 1866.
Mr. SIIANKS. I object.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour now begins at
twenty-three minutes past eleven o'clock, and
reports are in order from the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS WITH INDIANS.
Mr. SHANKS, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that the same do pass, House bill
No. 2290, regulating the mode of making
private contracts with Indians.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read.
The first section provides that hereafter
no contract or agreement of any kind shall
be made by any person with any tribe of
Indians, or individual Indian or Indians, not
a citizen of the United States, for the pay-
ment or delivery of any money, or other thing
of value, in present or m prospective, or for
the granting or procuring any privilege to him
or her, or any other person or persons in
consideration of services for said Indians rela-
tive to their lands, or to any claims growing
out of or in reference to annuities, install-
ments, or other moneys, claims, demands, or
thing, under laws or treaties with the United
States, or official acts of any officers thereof,
or in any way connected with or due from the
United States, unless such contract or agree-
ment be in writing, and executed and approved
in the manner hereinafter directed.
The second section provides that all contracts
or agreements between such parties and for such
purposes as named in the first section of this
act shall be in writing, a duplicate or copy of
which shall be delivered to each party thereto,
as hereinafter provided; that all such contracts
shall be executed before a judge of a court of
record and approved in writing thereon by the
Secretary of the Interior and Commissioner of
Indian Affairs; that such contract or agreement
shall contain the names of all parties in inter-
est, their residence and occupation ; but those
made with a tribe by their tribal authorities,
the scope of authority and the reason for exer-
cising that authority shall be given specifically.
Such contracts or agreements shall state the
time when and place where made, the particu-
lar purpose for which made, the special thing
or things to be done under it, and, if for the
collection of money, the basis of the claim, the
source from which is to be collected, the
disposition to be made of it when collected,
the amount or rate per cent, of the fee in
all cases, and if any contingent matter or
condition constitutes a part of the contract or
agreement it shall be specifically set forth ;
that all such contracts shall have a fixed lim-
ited time to run, and shall be invalid unless so
limited ; that such contracts shall not be as-
signable, in whole or in part, unless the names
of the assignees and their residencesand occu
pations be entered m writing upon the con-
tract, and the consent of the Secretary of
the Interior and the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs to such assignment be also indorsed
thereon ; that the judge before whom such
contract or agreement is executed shall certify
officially the time when and place where such
contract or agreement was executed, and that
it was in his presence, and who are the in-
terested parties thereto, as stated to him at
the time ; the parties present and making the
sanrie ; the source and extent of authority
claimed at the time by contracting parties to
make the contract or agreement, and whether
made in person or by agent or attorney of
either party or parties.
The third section provides that no money
shall be paid to any agent or attorney by an
officer of the United States under any such
contract or agreement, other than the fees due
him for services rendered thereunder ; but, the
moneys due the tribe, Indian or Indians, as
the case may be, shall be paid by the United
States through its own officers or agents to the
party or parties entitled thereto; that no
money or thing shall be paid to any person
for services under such contractor agreement,
until such person shall have first, filed with the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs a sworn state-
ment, showing each particular act of service
under the contract, giving date and fact in
detail, and the Secretary of the Interior and
Commissioner of Indian Affairs shall determ-
ine therefrom whether, in their judgment, such
contract or agreement has been complied with
or fulfilled ; if so, the same may be paid, and
if not, it shall be paid in proportion to the
services rendered uudei the contract,; that all
such contracts or agreements hereafter made
in violation of the provisions of this act are
hereby declared null and void, and all money
or other thing of value paid to any person by
any Indian or tribe, or any one else for or on
his or their behalf, on account of such services
in excess of the amount, approved by said Com-
missioner and Secretary for such services, may
be recovered by suit in the name of the Uni-
ted States in any court of the United States,
regardless of the amount in controversy, one
half of which shall be paid to the person suing
for the same, and the other half shall be paid
into the Treasury of the United States for the
use of the Indian or tribe by or for whom it
was paid, and the person so receiving said
money, and his aiders and abettors, shall, in
addition to the forfeiture of said sum, be sub-
ject to prosecution for misdemeanor in any
court of the United States, and, on convic-
tion, shall be fined not less than $1,000, and
imprisoned not iess than six months, and it
shall be the duty of all district attorneys of
the United States to prosecute such cases when
applied to to do so, and their failure and re-
fusal shall be ground for their removal from
office; and any Indian agent or other person
in th° employment, of the United States who
shall, in violation of the provisions of this act,
advise, sanction, or in any way aid in the
making of such contracts or agreements, in
making such payments as are here prohibited,
shall, in addition to the punishment herein
imposed on the person making said contract
or receiving said money, be, on eonviction,
dismissed fiom the service of the United
States, and be forever disqualified from hold-
ing any office of profit or trust under the same.
Mr. SIIANKS. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The pevious question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and bei,ng
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MK-shin-GO-ME-SIA.
Mr. SHANKS, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported back a substitute with
amendments for House bill No. 183, to
authorize the circuit court of the United States
for the district of Indiana to make partition
of the reservation to Me-shin-go-me-sia, a
Miami Indian.
The substitute was read as follows :
')ut all after the enacting clause and insert:
-that the becretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed, on written appli-
cation of the caief of sunt band being first fiied in
his omce, to cause partition to be made of the reser-
vation m trust tor the band of Me-shin-go-ine-sia
ol ten sections of land made by the seventh article
or.the treaty between the United States and the
Miami tribe of Indians, entered into on the 23th day
ot .November, 1840. and by the Senate amendment
"wretoi and the United States hereby release to
said band alt right of purchase of said reservation.
