2046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
Massachusetts heavy artillery ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
consular and commercial agents.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer
to a resolution of the House of January 28,
1872, inquiring whether consular and commer-
cial agents possess all the authority that can
properly be conferred upon them for the pro-
tection of the revenues of the country; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
election contest niblack vs. walls.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House papers in the con-
tested-election case of Niblack vs. Walls, from
the State of Florida; which were referred to
the Committee of Elections.
newspapers publishing laws.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting, in answer to a resolution of the House
,of the 20th instant, a report from the Secre-
tary of State, with a list of the newspapers
authorized to publish the laws of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
stamped envelopes.
Mr. BEATTY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report the resolution
which I send to the Clerk's desk, and to ask
its immediate passage.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the
report of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, on the petition of certain envelope manu-
facturers, printers, and stationers, asking the dis-
continuance of the use of stamped envelopes, be
printed for the use of the House.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. BEATTY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. HANKS, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted to withdraw from
the files of the House papers in relation to the
claim of Dr. John F. Hanks against the
Government of the United Stales.
On motion of Mr. GETZ, by unanimoas cob-
sent, leave was granted to withdraw from the
files of the House, papers in relation to the
claim of Jonas Hoch.
leave of absence.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, obtained leave of
absence for two weeks on account of sickness
in his family.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, obtained leave
of absence till next Monday.
Mr. BINGHAM obtained leave of absence
for two weeks.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York, obtained
leave of absence for two weeks.
Mr. FORKER obtained leave of absence for
one week.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, ob-
tained leave of absence for one week.
baltimore and potomac railroad.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for the regular
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House will now resume the con-
sideration of the bill of the House No. 2057,
coming over from yesterday as unfinished busi-
ness. being a bill to confirm the action of the
board of aldermen and common council of the
city of Washington, designating a depot site
for the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Com-
pany, and for other purposes.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Connecticut to yield to me to make a report
from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. That will be
the special order at half past one to-day, and
I hope we will be able to dispose of the pend-
ing question before that time.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
on the motion of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Potter,] that the bill be laid on
the table.
Mr. POTTER. I did not hear what the
gentleman from Connecticut stated.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I stated that I
hoped we might have a vote on the merits of the
pending question before half past one o'clock.
Mr. POTTER. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to allow a vote upon the amendments?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I would say to
the gentleman on the other side that it seems
to me we have offered everything which can
be considered fair in the way of compromise.
If we can have the previous question ordered
and come to a vote I will agree to consider
the amendment introduced by the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Poland] as pending. I
ask the gentleman whether that will be satis-
factory?
Mr. DAWES. The objection to this bill is
not ouly that they want another railroad depot
at this place, but it goes further, whether we
shall have any at all upon the public grounds.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have been im-
portuned to allow the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Vermont, because he was a
member of the committee, and carefully pre-
pared this amendment; but I have seen from
the first that to let in one amendment or two
amendments satisfies nobody. Here are seven
printed amendments, and five others of one
kind or another have been suggested. It is
perfectly manifest that all of these amend-
ments are in antagonism to this bill, and are
offered for the purpose of defeating it in one
interest or another. Some gentlemen, of
course, have something to say about the park,
but the most of them are offered in the spirit
of allowing accommodations for other rail-
roads. It is not what is called for by custom
or parliamentary usage to allow a bill to run
the gauntlet of all these amendments. I have
suggested, if we can come to a vote upon the
merits of the proposition, we will allow the
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Poland] to be considered as
pending.
Mr. CREBS. Will the gentleman allow me
to say a word ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. In a moment.
I am willing to allow the amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont to be pending, and
I have done this in the way of conciliation.
In doing this I think I have offered all that
could be desired. There is no parliamentary
law which requires eight or a dozen amend-
ments to be pending at the same time. There
is no bill, however meritorious, submitted to
the House that could not be broken down by
allowing all kinds of amendments to be offered
to it, and I believe it to be the purpose of
most of these amendments to break down
what I consider a meritorious bill.
Mr. CREBS. I desire to say one word.
The amendment I have offered is not in the
interest of any other road, or anybody else,
but is in the interest of the people of the
United States. Here is a proposition to give
away to a railroad corporation land belonging
to the Government of the United States, and
I am opposed to it, whether the railroad cor-
poration be the Pennsylvania railroad or the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
Mr. RANDALL. _ Let me ask the Chair a
parliamentary question, and that is whether
under the rules of the House there can be
more than two amendments pending ?
The SPEAKER. Not at the same time.
_ Mr. BEATTY. My amendment is in the
interest of the people of this city, and not in
the interest of any railroad company.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I am as anxious
as any one to have a vote on this bill, so that
we may proceed to other public business.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege, that lam not able to see the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. And the Chair is entitled
to have a view of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, which he cannot have while gentle-
men are standing up in the area. [Laughter. ]
The Chair is allowing all this to go on by unan-
imous consent in hope some accommodation
may be reached to remove the obstruction.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I am anxious,
and have been ever since the bill was reported,
to come to some accommodation ; but when-
ever I have conceded all the friends of the
bill could be asked to concede, when I have
offered ample discussion to the other side,
and when I have agreed to permit the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont to be
pending, we are still met with the same oppo-
sition.
Mr. DICKEY. Let us go on.
Mr. POTTER. I wish to say in reply to
the gentleman from Connecticut that his offer
for conciliation is an offer in the interest of
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad only. Now,
I do not care a copper about the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad or any other of these rail-
road corporations, but I do care about the pub-
lic park which it is proposed to destroy. I do
care about having the Pennsylvania Railway
Company pay for its land. And there is
nothing in the proposition of the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather] which
partakes in any degree of the nature of con-
ciliation.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Five of the
amendments proposed are in the interest, as I
regard it, of the Baltimore and Ohio com-
pany; and I am willing to admit that one,
which it is said is the most carefully prepared,
and ought to be voted on, as coming from a
member of the committee. I am willing to
concede that much, and to admit the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Poland.]
Mr. POTTER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ckebs] comes
also from the minority of the committee.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Crebs,] I believe, has ex-
pressed himself satisfied with the proposition I
made in regard to debate.
Mr. CREBS. With the right to offer my
amendment.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will not the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather] agree
to admit the amendment in regard to the com-
pensation to be paid by the company?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. If I let these
amendments in I still gain nothing.
The SPEAKER. Except by agreement.
The Chair is only anxious that the House
should come to some agreement which will
allow the business of the House to he done.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to make a sug-
gestion.
Mr. KERR. I would like to make a short
statement.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] having first ad-
dressed the Chair, is recognized. There is
really no gentleman entitled to the floor, but
the Chair is willing to hear gentlemen in the
interests of the order of public business.
Mr. RA.NDALL. I offer a suggestion which
I think will accommodate both sides, at least
the reasonable portion of both sides of the
House. It is that the gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Starkweather] shall allow both
the amendment of the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] and the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Crkbs] to
# 'Jen<?ir'g > he can then, uuder the rules
or the House, demand the previous question
upon the bill and amendments. I he rules of
the House, as the Chair I think will decide,
would allow of no other amendments.
