1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2047
Mr. ARCHER. Would not the rules of
the House allow a substitute to be offered in
addition to those amendments?
The SPEAKER. They would not.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman from
Connecticut should accept the proposition of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, the filibus-
tering might still go on the same as before.
Mr. STEVENSON. Gentlemen might not.
wish to filibuster if justice were done.
The SPEAKER. The Chair reminds the
House that all this discussion is out of order.
He presumes, however, that members are desir-
ous to make an accommodation, andhe there-
fore waives insisting on putting the motion for
the previous question until it can be seen if
an accommodation can be reached.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I am desirous
of making an accommodation. But if gentle-
man are to filibuster after making an accom-
modation, the friends of the bill gain nothing
after having yielded everything which they
considered fair.
Mr. KERR. If an accommodation is to be
made, I think we on this side ought to be
lic^rd
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. KERR. I wish to say that in the course
of this controversy I have offered no amend-
ment. But I have my opinions about this bill,
and those opinions are not to be anticipated
or criticised by the gentleman from Connecti-
cut [Mr. Starkweather] until I have ex-
pressed them on the floor ; and I submit to
that gentleman, and to the House, that for him
to attempt to tell this House what they are is
impertinent until I have an opportunity to tell
the House what they are.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in reference to all the
insinuations of the gentleman from Connecti-
cut, I say that they ill become him, who has
consented to make himself the facile instru-
ment of this corporation 
Mr. HOAR. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. KERR. To gag this House, take us by
the throat and compel us to decide 
[The remainder of the sentence was not
heard, in consequence of the loud knocking
of the Speaker's gavel.]
The SPEAKER. When gentlemen speak
after being called to order, they always have
to run a race with the gavel. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] called the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] to order.
The gentleman from Massachusetts will state
his point of order.
Mr. HOAR. ■ I demapd the regular order,
with a view to putting a stop to a debate of
the character which is now proceeding.
Mr. KERR. I have no desire to say an
offensive word to any gentleman here. But I
say that any man who will take the Globe of
yesterday and to day, and examine the pro-
ceedings which have taken place in this House,
will see the nature of the game which hag been
commenced on the other side. We are only
demanding here our rights, and a reasonable
opportunity to be heard; and that we insist
upon.
Mr. HOAR. I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. STEVENSON. There is no "other
side" on this question.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I consider my-
self unjustly attacked. I am sorry, I regret
very much, to hear the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr.] I have
endeavored to preserve my fairness and good
temper; I have endeavored to say nothing
that should look like aggravating any one. I
have endeavored in the hurry of questions' that
Tiave been raised, although 1 have been some-
what excited, to preserve my temper and self-
respect, but when the gentleman from Indi-
ana says, or intimates, that I am acting in the
'interest of any corporation, he says that which
ill becomes him. I can say truly that I have
no choice between these parties. I said to
Mr. Garrett, representing the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company, that if he would pre-
sent to the committee a feasible plan upon this
subject, I would d® as much for his accommo-
dation as any one. I never had a free ticket
from either of these parties, and never expect
to have. And I know the gentleman from
Indiana well enough to believe that when he
comes to_ reflect upon the character of his
remarks in regard to my position on this bill,
he will see that they are unkind and ungener-
ous. Every gentleman will say that in endeav-
oring to represent the wishes of my committee
1 have done nothing more than I was obliged
to do. 1 feel conscious of having done my
duty and nothing else.
Mr. KERR. I want it distinctly understood
that I have made no charge here. But I am
willing the whole country shall judge the pur-
pose and conduct of men by their acts in this
House. Now, I call the attention of the House
and of the country to the fact that we have
been kept from the consideration of public
business here for now four days.
Mr. DICKEY. Yes, and by whom? I
object to any further debate.
Mr. KERR. It always happens that objec-
tion comes from gentlemen who are in the
interests of this road.
Mr. DICKEY. I am perfectly competent to
take care of myself before my constituents.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Starkweather] was heard by
unanimous consent. The Chair hopes that
the gentleman from ludiana [Mr. Kerr] will
be allowed an opportunity to be. heard.
Mr. DICKEY. 1 have no disposition to
interfere in the personal controversy between
the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Stark-
weather] and the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr.] But I have a right, and upon
this floor, to object to reflections upon the
majority of this House by the gentleman from
Indiana or by anybody else.
Mr. COX. Is debate in order from that
gentleman? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Dickey] insists upon the reg-
ular order, and the Chair must enforce it.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I hope that there
will be nothing that will look like cutting off
any gentleman from a fair statement of his
views in regard to preliminary matters. I do
not believe the gentleman from Indiana means
to accuse me unfairly. I do not mean to
obstruct the business of the House, and I
believe I have not done so.
Mr. KERR. The Chair will observe that
all objections come from that side.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Con-
necticut asks unanimous consent that the gen-
tleman from Indiaua may be allowed to make
some remarks.
Mr. SARGENT. For how long?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not
stfttsd
Mr. DICKEY. To what point?
•Mr. SARGENT. I object to an hour's de-
bate, but I do not object to five or ten minutes.
Mr. KERR. I shall not want the half of
ten minutes.
Mr. BEATTY. I asked permission to have
an amendment read.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not object to the gen-
tleman from Indiana speaking for five minutes.
Mr. HAY. I object unless the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Beatty] is heard. *
Mr. COX. Then I object to any further
debate.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I hope the gen-
tleman from Indiana will have leave to make
some remarks.
Mr. BEATTY. I ask to have my proposi-
tion read, by way of compromise.
Mr. HAY. I withdraw my objection to the
gentleman from Indiana being heard.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, from the first all
all that I have desired in this matter has been
that we who oppose this bill (I do not mean in
any partisan sense) should have a fair chance
in the first place to express our opinions in
debate upon the bill itself, and secondly to place
ourselves upon record in votes upon pending
amendments. In this connection I want to
say for myself, and for myself only, that I
have no opposition to the establishment of
this line of railroad; but I am simply and
unalterably and all the time opposed by my
votes here to giving the property of the peo-
ple to anybody, whether a corporation or
not, without compensation, unless for charity.
This bill proposes to give this property with-
out compensation. It has been brought before
the House and put upon its passage without
fair or proper opportunity for debate or amend-
ment, and it has for three days completely
stayed the progress of public business, because
we would not consent to waive all right, forego
debate and deliberation, and come at once to
a direct vote whether, in the arbitrary formula
of this bill, we would give this valuable pub-
lic domain to this private corporation. Now,
I say it is unprecedented in the history of this
country for a great corporation to come into
this Hall and, as it were, take the Congress of
the United States by the throat, and say to it
that it shall not take one step in advance;
that it shall not vote upon a single proposi-
tion of public legislation; that it shall propose
and vote upon no amendments; that it shall
waste day after day of valuable time and hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars, unless it con-
sent by a solemn mockery of legislation to
grant to this corporation from two hundred and
fifty thousand to a million dollars.
It is to this kind of legislation that I object;
and I object to it all the time, without refer-
ence to any corporation. I do not know these
contending corporations. I do not care who
tbeir friends are or who their enemies are. I
want every railroad to come to this city that
can come or wants to come. I would give
them all equal opportunities and facilities
inside this District, and if need be, inside the
city. But I would give special privileges to
none of them. Let these facilities be extended
to the utmost possible extent consistent with
the welfare of the people of this District and
with the rights of the people of the United
States. Gentlemen, therefore, must not sug-
gest, so far as I am concerned, that I fight
against their corporations and fight for every-
body else's corporations. The offered amend-
ments to this bill will fairly present the proper
issues upon their merits; and after reasonable
debate in the House, the vote could be taken
and the controversy ended. I ask no more ;
less should not be offered to the opponents of
the bill, or accepted by them.
Mr. BECK. I would like to occupy a few
minutes. As one of those who have taken
Eart in the opposition to this bill, I may per-
aps be satisfied with what may not satisfy
other gentlemen on this side. If I understood
correctly the proposition of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] it was that
the friends of the bill should allow the amend-
ments offered by the minority of the commit-
tee—the amendment of the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] and that of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Crebs]—to be
voted on. .
Mr. RANDALL. That was the proposition
I made.
Mr. BECK. If that proposition is accepted,
then very much of my oppositiou will fall to
the ground, because I admit that the commit-
tees of this House have a right to control the
business submitted to them; and I have been
opposing this measure because I have always
contended that when a minority of a committee
have views to submit the House ought to hear
those views and vote upon them. If other
gentleme® outside of the committee have
amendments to offer, I do not claim that they
have the right to have a separate vote upon
them ; they must run the risk of the previous
question. I have now been for some time one
