1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11.51
to whom was referred the petition of B. C.
Pressley, praying that the accounting officers
of the Treasury be authorized to settle his
accounts as Assistant Treasurer of the United
States at Charleston, South Carolina, accord-
ing to equity and justice, reported a bill (S.
No. 685) for the relief of B. C. Pressley;
which was read, and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 97) for
the relief of William Henry Otis, reported it
without amendment, and submitted a report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 201) for the
relief of Phcebe Hepburn, have had the same
under consideration, and have directed me to
report it back without amendment, except a
verbal amendment in the second line of the
second section, which consists of the insertion
of the word "when." I make in this case also
a report, and move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. As this is a matter of some
moment to this lady, and has been heretofore
acted on once or twice by the same.eommittee,
I move to dispense with the rules, and that the
bill be now put on its passage.
Mr. COLE. I think we had better go on
with the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
objects the bill will not be read. He can
reserve his right to object after it shall be
read or object now. Does the Senator from
California object? If there be no objection
the bill will be read.
Mr. ANTHONY. Will the Senator give
way for morning business after it is up?
Mr. PRATT. Certainly.
Mr. COLE. It is a long bill, and will take
a longtime to read it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Horace
Tyler, praying compensation for deepening
the channel across the bar at the Southwestern
Pass at the mouth of the Mississippi river,
reported a bill (S. No. 686) for the relief of
Horace Tyler; which was read, and passed to
the second reading.
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of J. J. Burtis, of Davenport, Iowa, ask-
ing compensation' for injuries to his hotel and
property, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. BOREMAN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial
of Henry Hibbs, superintendent of the poor
of the county of Loudoun, Virginia, praying
compensation for the use and destruction by
United States troops .of the property consti-
tuting the poor-house of that county, reported
adversely thereon, and asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 261) for the relief
of Christopher Green and Hugh C. Trainor,
reported adversely thereon.
Mr. COLE. Let that bill go on the Cal-
endar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will go
on the Calendar with the adverse report.
Mr. WEST, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
559) for the relief of California and Nevada
veteran volunteers, honorably discharged at
points distant from that of original enlistment,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Charles and Henry W. Spencer, of St. Louis,
Missouri, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 687) for the relief of Charles and
Henry'W. Spencer.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 645) to confirm the title to certain lands
on the Fort Kearney military reservation, in
Fremont county, Iowa, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 426) for the relief of Thomas Allen, re-
ported it without amendment, and submitted
a report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 173) to repeal the duties
upon salt, to report it back with an amend-,
ment in the nature of a substitute, which
covers all the legislation proposed by the Com-
mittee on Finance upon the subject of the
tariff. As this is a subject of importance, and
likely to excite considerable debate, I am also
directed by the same committee to move to
postpone the bill to the 11th day of March,
two weeks from next Monday, and that it be
made the special order for that time. I give
notice that I intend when it is taken up, if a
majority of the Senate will sustain me, to stick
to it until the action of the Senate is had on
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio moves that this bill be postponed
and made the special order for two weeks from
Monday next, the 11th of March, at one
o'clock. That requires a two-thirds vote.
Mr. COLE. I hope the pending appropri-
ation bills, and those that may come over in
the mean time, may be disposed of before that
time. I feel quite certain they will be if the
debate that is now going on be terminated in
any reasonable time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Whenever the
special order is reached it can be postponed
by a majority vote, or before it is reached, a
bill can be taken up at the close of the prior
day's session, aud then it would have priority
as unfinished business.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from Ohio, which requires a two-thirds vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. May I inquire what the
bill is?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a bill abol-
ishing the duty on salt, reported with an
amendment by way of substitute, which the
Senator from Ohio states embraces all legis-
lation on the tariff reported by the Commit-
tee on Finance: It is reported back in this
shape, and he moves that it be postponed to
and made the special order for two weeks
from Monday next. If there be no objection
that order will be regarded as made; and it is
made.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to say in connection
with the report made by the Senator from
Ohio, from the Committee on Finance, that
as a member of that committee there is one
portion especially of that report to which I
have not given my assent, and I expect to
dissent from it here. It is the second section
of the bill reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the usual
motion that five hundred extra copies of the
bill as reported by me this morning be printed
for the use of the Senate.
The motion was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 688) for securing to authors in certain
cases the benefit of international copyright;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Library, and ordered to
be priuted.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 689) granting the right of way to
the Chippewa Valley and Lake Superior Rail-
road Company ; which was read twiee by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER also asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 690) to increase the effi-
ciency of the inferior courts of the United
States; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
OVERLAND MAIL.
Mr. COLE. I rise to call up the bill that
was partly considered yesterday morning.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Can that bill be con-
sidered now if there is objection?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be taken
up if there is no further morning business.
There seems to be none; and the motion to
take up the bill is in order under the rule.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from California to take up the bill indicated
by him.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 657) relating to-the
overland mails. It proposes to direct the
Postmaster General, if he has not already
done so, to make provisions without delay,
by contract or otherwise, for the transmission
of the Atlantic and Pacific mails over or near
the line of the Pacific railroad during inter-
ruption of travel on that railroad by reason of
snow, the amount paid for such service to be
deducted from the regular compensation here-
after earned by those railroad companies in
carrying the United States mails.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator from California who has this bill
in charge that it is telegraphed that three
trains arrived this morning at Cheyenne.
Therefore this bill may be unnecessary. I
beg leave, in view of this, to suggest the inser-
tion of words saying "that the Postmaster
General be directed, if he shall deem it advis-
able," or some qualifying words, so that it may
not be peremptory that he shall do this. If
it is not necessary, of course the Senator from
California does not desire it,
Mr. COLE. If it is not necessary, clearly
I do not. I am willing to have any amend-
ment of that kind made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest
the insertion of the words " if he shall deem
that the public interests require it."
Mr. COLE. Changing the word "directed "
to "authorized" will be sufficient, I suppose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. "Authorized
if he shall deem that the public interest re-
quires it."
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Before the vote is
taken on the amendment, I send to the desk
a dispatch which I have just received from the
superintendent of the Union Pacific railroad,
and ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Omaha, February 20,10 p. m.
Hon. P. W. Hitchcock, United States Senate:
Last night at eleven o'clock blockade was raised
and trains are all running to-day nearly on schedule
time. I apprehend no further serious trouble this
season. Any action based on the lying messages of
the Associated Press agent at Salt Lake would be
unjust to this road, as old stagemen are unanimous
in the opinion that the proposed transfer of mails
around the blockade by stage would have been im-
practicable, as there were no roads broken or food
and stations provided for stock and men.
T. E. SICKELS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the first part of the bill, but I doubt very much
whether it is in the power of Congress to pass
the last clause of this bill. We have no power
to change contracts made between the Govern-
ment of the United States and private individ-
uals. The postal contracts always provide that
when the contractor fails to comply with the
terms of his contract, the Postmaster General
may make a proper abatement, and in certain
cases he may sue for damages or may deduct
