1872.]'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Civil Service—Mr. Havens.
Ho. of Reps.
a_ hero in bat'les. In peace he is an honored
citizen, a mo:der of public opinion, tbe recip-
ient _ of high honors and trusts at the hands
of his fellow citizens.
Men educated in the rough struggle of life
nrt-none the less fitted to meet life's practical
duties with hopeful courage and confident self-
reliance. Indeed, in all those qualifications
that, mark the successful business man and
skillful executive officer they are immeas-
urably the superior of the mere scholar or
student of books. Men such as these are
leadeis everywhere; they are among million-
aires in your cities, and foremost in founding
States and pushing forward civilization upon
the western borders; they invent machinery,
build railroads, and carry on commerce; they
fill the highest public stations within the gift
of the people; and upon every theater of
action they are true representatives of American
enterprise and piogress.
I repeat, Mr Speaker, that the new regu-
lation will not secure more competent officers,
and that the interests of the public service do
not demand the application of a rule so arbi-
trary and unjust. Any test which excludes
men such as 1 have referred to, or which dis-
criminates against them in filling appointive
offices, is injust, unwise, and un-American. I
insist also that the discretion ought never to be
taken from the appointing officer of appointing
the crippled soldier or any loyal soldier to any
piace which he is competent to fill, rather
than the man who tried to destroy the Gov-
ernment or who devoted the years of the war
to obtaining an education, merely because the
latter can pass a higher test of examination in
educational attainments not essential to the
successful discharge of official duties. Let the
man who gave the prime of his life, usually
spent in the school-house, to his country under
more trying and dangerous circumstances than
in filling a salaried office in the civil service
at least have an equal chance with the educated
rebel, and wiih tne man whose patents were
able to send him to college when the nation's
life was in peril.
I agree that no man should be appointed to
a place which he is incompetent to fill. But I
object to excluding those who are competent,
and who are often the most worthy and deserv-
ing applicants, merely because somebody else
possesses a higher degree of attainments in
matters having no connection with the official
duties to be performed. And yet these' rules
provide for exactly this thing, and the report
presents an earnest argument in support of
its propriety and wisdom. To show that I do
not misrepresent I quote from the report, as
follows:
"Tlie purpose of the examination is to ascertain
the htness of the applicant tor the position that he
seeks. But a mere pass or standard examination—
that xs, an examination which reqaires ot an appli-
cant only the ability to pass an easy line, and to be-
come one of many Irotn whom the appointment is to
be made—is an examination which constantly tends,
under the pressure ol patronage, to become a mere
hum. such as many that are now held in custom-
houses and elsewhere. If, however, the applicant
knows that heniu&triot only pass the line, hut pass
it su as to be ranked among the two or three highest
of his associates, proficiency alone wiii determine
the result "********
"If by examination tor admission to the civil ser-
vice nothing were understood but a test of mei-e
literary proficiency, u might be reasonable opposed
as unsatisfactory. For it is unquestionable tnat a
iDun might be an excellent appraiser of linen and
jet know nothing ot history or ot accounts. But, on
the other hand, it is equally undeniable that an
excellent appraiser ot linen is not the less excellent
because ot general intelligence. Of two good ac-
countants, the one who has the most general knowl-
edge is certainly picferiible; and a country which
declares that, where technical skill is equal, it will
select the candidate tor its service who is the better
educated, is a country which d,rectly and, practi-
cally encomages intelligence and molality."
Such, Mr. Speaker, is the spirit and theory
of the report. Can any good come from a
proscription so broad and unreasonable aaid
so antagonistic to the cherished ideas of the
people?
The general provisions of these rules do not
apply to the appointment of postmasters whose
salaries are below $200; but the absurdity of
the whole system is fairly illustrated by the
" evidence of fitness " required in such cases.
This evidence is the written application of the
person to be appointed. Under this test, if
common repute be not at fault, the distin-
guished philosopher and reformer who presides
over one of our great dailies, and whose am-
bition has long pointed to the Postmaster
General's place, could not obtain an appoint-
ment as postmaster for the most trifling post
office in the country; for if his application
could be read at all it would surely condemn
him. It has occurred to me, however, that he
might get his application copied by some prom-
ising school-boy in the neighborhood and thus
defeat the ingenious and wonderful contrivance
of the commissioners for reforming the char-
acter of small postmasters. But as ihe most
marvelous inventions are generally susceptible
of improvement, this cunning device of states-
manship may yet be made so complete that
the individual referred to and others like him
will be successfully baffled, and the standard
of competency among country postmasters
correspondingly elevated and dignified.
Another objection to the theory of this re-
port is that it disregards the popular will.
Whatever may be urged against the old
method of making appointments, no other has
yet been proposed wbich would so nearly re-
flect the popular desire. It was the nearest
approach to the elective system that could
be devised short of it. The will of the peo-
ple was more nearly reflected, as in popular
elections, than it possibly can be by any other
system of filling appointive offices. The ap-
pointing power was distributed in several
heads, where the petiiions of the people
were respectfully considered and their repre-
sentatives consulted. Strange as it may seem,
the whole complaint against the present S3S-
tem is based upon the fact that these influences
which come from the people m the indication
of their judgment and wishes are permitted to
be felt; and we are gravely assured that the
concentration of the appointing power in fewer
hauds, and the prohibition by law of any con-
sideration of the opiniuns or wishes of any-
body outside of the omnipotent few, will purify
and popularize the civil service by putting
better men in office. It is an argument drawn
from the theory that the people are not quite
so well qualified to govern themselves as
somebody else is to govern them.
The people have preferences among men
that ought to be heard and regarded. There
are some whom they love and delight to honor,
while there are others of equai or greater
ability who have no hold upon their confi-
dence, and whom they would never elevate
to positions of public trust and honor. Under
the threatened '• reform'' the judgment of
the people will not be felt, and the latter
class of individuals will be independent of the
popular voice. The favorites of the people
will find their popularity of no avail, and pub-
lic feeling wiil be outraged by the promotion
of objectionable meu. There are other qual-
ities that should be considered in determining
the propriety of appointments besides mere
educational fitness. An-applicatit may be com-
petent, may be able to pnss a superior exam-
ination, and yet be disagreeable and repulsive
to those who come iu contact with him. He
may lack the obliging disposition and gentle-
manly traits of character which the people
expect to meet in those whom they permit to
perform the public business. An examining
board can practically have no opportunity to
judge upon these points. Of the multitude of
strangers who may appear before them they
can determine little beyond the ability to
answer the arbitrary questions prescribed.
And men of overbearing disposition and inso-
lent maimers will- often obtain preferment
over the more genial, modest, and worthy
applicant.
The member of Congress who lately advised
with the appointing officers is a representative
of the people, dependent upon their confidence
and approval for his position. The conse-
quence of aiding to foist unworthy and objec-
tionable men into the public service would
recoil upon him, and he dare not do it. He
knows the character of those he recommends,
and their reputation among the people, and
cannot safely recommend others than those
whom he knows the public judgment to point
to a3 acceptable and worthy. Who supposes
that he could disregard the wishes of the peo-
ple as expressed through their petitions in
recommending the appointment of postmasters
in the various neighborhoods of his disirict ?
And who supposes that he does do so ? I
think it will be found that he seldom ventures
upon so dangerous an experiment. And the
same is true with regard to all other officers
as to whose appointment he is consulted.
The people are generally right in their judg-
ment of men. It is safer to trust them than
to trust any examining board. And their judg-
ment ought to be heard either through their
petitions or their Representatives. But this
is exactly what these rules are intended to
prevent, a competitive examination being in-
stituted as preferable. The power transferred
to the new authority is greater than that here-
tofore exercised by any officers of the Govern-
ment. In their hands is concentrated nearly
all of the appointive authority now distributed
in the Executive, heads of Departments, and
courts of law, and who by custom are greatly
controlled by the wishes'and opinions, not
only of the Representatives of the people, but
directly by the people themselves. The new
authority is to be independent of those influ-
ences which have heretofore to a considerable
extent regulated appointments. It is created
for the avowed purpose of escaping those in-
fluences. It is not even permitted to listen to
the expressions of the people, and their peti-
tions are to be excluded from the presence
of the imperial authority whose will is to dic-
tate three individuals beyond whom in all our
vast population the constitutional appointing
power is not to be permitted to go.
Nor are the officers clothed with this power
to be chosen by the people. Independent iu
the exercise of their authority, they are
also independent in the source ef it, being
only the creatures of executive appointment.
The leading idea of the report is that the
further power is removed from the people,
the more pure and beneficent, it becomes. It
is an old theory, and one that has sustained
aristocratic and arbitrary rule through many
centuries of oppression and wroug Its spe-
cious arguments in one form and another
have ever been used to grasp and withhold
power from the people. It is so violent, in its
assaults upon the new and better idea of gov-
erument so happ'ly established by our fathers
that we ehould be surprised to find any to
sanction it did we not know that insidious
encroachments upon popular rights have
marked every step in the history ot Govern-
ments. and that the liberties of the masses can
oniy be successfully guarded by eternal and
Unceasing vigilance. The first advances
against popular rights are always covered by
plausible assurances of friendly purposes and
intended good. Tyranny first manifests itself
openly when its victims have been effectively
betrayed into its hands. And it is no guarantee
now that dangers of great magnitude do not
lurk in the startling innovations proposed,
that it couies in the pretentious cloak oi'
