1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8839
Further, I would say that this is establish-
ing a very remarkable precedent. This is
paying for property destroyed in war by an
enemy ; and it' we pass this bill I do not see
■why we must not pay for all properties de-
stroyed in all wars by all enemies.
Mr. BANKS. This is a very different case
from what my colleague states.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let my
colleague wait a moment. As I understand
the statement of the gentleman from New
York, the Government had a fort near this
man's house, and the Indians came there and
destroyed the house in an attack on the fort.
That was war, or what they called war in those
clays in 1835, when little things were war.
That was war by an Indian tribe against our
forces, and they destroyed this man's property.
Now, does not that cover the whole case 1
Mr. BANKS. If my colleague will allow
me to say just one word, I will remark that
my understanding of the statement of the gen-
tleman from New York was that the United
States took possession of this property, and
whileit was in possession of the United States
it was destroyed by Indians. That is not an
act of war.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let the
report be read.
Mr. BANKS. This property was in posses-
sion of the United States, having been taken
by necessity, and if it was destroyed while thus
in the possession of the United States, of
course the Government is responsible.
Mr. WALLS. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] will make no
opposition to the bill.
Mr. McGREW. I hope we will have the
report read.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. The report is
of great length, covering eight printed pages.
It states distinctly that the property was taken
possession of by United States troops. It
was in their possession, used as barrack^ and
as a place for the deposite of military stores
at the time of its destruction.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If that be
the state of facts, I do not press my objection.
Mr. STEVENSON. On what principle do
the committee recommend the payment of
this claim?
Mr. BANKS. On the principle that has
just been stated.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. On this prin-
ciple, which has never been controverted
during the last five hundred years, that where
property is taken possession of and occupied
by the military forces of a Government, the
Government is responsible if that property is
destroyed while in the occupation of the Gov-
ernment. The law is thoroughly well settled,
not only by the writings of publicists, but by
repeated acts of Congress recognizing it. I
call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly rgad the third
time, anil passed.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, moved to recon
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william iienky otis.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, also, from the
same committee, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, the bill (S.
No. 97) for the relief of William Henry Otis.
The bill was read. It authorizes and
requires the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
or cause to be paid to William Henry Otis,
of Indianapolis, in the State of Indiana, the
sum of §3.000, in full consideration for grow-
ing crop, fencing, and fruit, trees destroyed
upon and damages done by the United States
troops iu and to forty-five and one half acres
of land belonging to the said William Henry
Otis, known as Camp Burnside, lying and
being adjacent to the city of Indianapolis,
while said land was occupied by said troops
from the year 1861 to the year 1865.
The bill was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, moved to re-
consider the vote, by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WIDOW 01? D. JAV lHtOWN.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, also, from the
same committee, reported back, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass, the bill (S. No.
197) for the relief of the widow of D. Jay*
Brown, deceased.
The bill was read. It appropriates the sum
of $250, which sum the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is directed to pay, out of any moneys not
otherwise appropriated, to tho widow of D.
Jay Brown,in full compensation for the claim
made by the deceased agamst the United
States for services rendered as their agent in
visiting various parts of Europe to collect in-
formation on the production, manufacture, and
commerce of the flax and wines of that coun-
try, and to obtain seeds, cuttings, &c., under
instructions from the Commissioner of the
Patent Office, dated April 16, 1861, and for
alleged losses in consequence of his recall at
the expiration of one year from his appoint-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How much is it?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Ouly $250.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There seem to
be "consequential damages" here in a most
palpable form.
Mr. BANKS. Does tho gentleman from
Ohio object to that?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In other words
the principle is that if any one is appointed to
office and removed sooner than he expected to
be, and he loses something m consequence of
it, house rent, or something of that kind, he
has a right to be reimbursed.
Mr. STEVENSON. We maintain conse-
quential damages; let us go on with it.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. The facts of
the case are these. Mr. Brown was formerly
the editor of the report of the Agricultural
Department. He was sent to Europe for the
purpose of inspecting the vine-growing regions
there, of gathering seeds and collecting plants
and making reporis to the Agricultural Bureau
of the Patent Office, at a salary of §2|000 a
year, with no limitation as to the time of his
employment. After the expiration of his first
year he received a-notice from the Commis-
sioner of Patents that by reason of the
exhaustion of the appropriation he must be
recalled and must return home. This $250 is
appropriated to his widow, Mr. Brown having
since died, to compensate for his services over
and abovcthe first year and for some inci-
dental expenses that amount to a very few
dollars. Jn the judgment of the committee
the claim ought to he paid.
Mr. CONGER. This bill may be all right;
I presume it is if the chairman of the com-
mittee agrees to it; but I have an objection in
this Congress to the passage of a bill paying
up the back salaries of 1860. If I had no
other objection I have this objection to it, be-
cause we are treated every few days by our
friends on the opposite side of the House to a
com parison of the expenses of the Government
i in 1860 and the present expenses, and yet I
I find continually bills introduced here pay-
j iug up the old expenses of those happy times
j when the Government was run for nothing.
; Now, I should desire as often as we do pay up
I the expenses of 1860, when it cost so little to
j run the Government, that it might be charged
over against the expenses of that year. Why,
after ten or twelve years have elapsed, are
these old debt,3 of the happy time when there
was plenty of money in the Treasury and the
civil expenses of the Governmentcost so very
little, brought up here, and why are we still
employed half the time in paying up the de-
ficiencies of that year? I wish some of my
brethren on the other side of the House would
explain how it is possible that these expenses
were not paid when the Treasury was flush
and there were abundant means to satisfy all
demands.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from New York to accept an amend-
ment to strike out the words " and for alleged
losses in consequence of his recall at the expi-
ration of one year from his appointment."
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I have no
objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
albert wieland.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, also, from the
same committee, reported back, with the rec-
ommendation that it do pass, a bill (S. No.
514) for the relief of Albert Wieland.
The bill was read. It directs that tho Post-
master General, in settling the account of
Albert Wieland, contractor for carrying the
mail on route No. 13692, from Duluth to
Pigeon River, to allow him double the contract
price for the winter months, beginning on the
15th of November, and ending on the 15th of
May.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In what year was
this service rendered ?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. At a late
period. These mails have to be carried through
an unbroken wilderness, oftentimes with the
snow five, six, and seven feet in depth. The
bill is recommended by the Postmaster Gen-
eral. It is utterly impossible for the contractor
to carry the mails at the contract prices in the
winter months.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This is a very un-
wise method of doing business—after a con-
tractor has made a contract for carrying the
mail, for Congress to double his pay. 1 ask,
what was the amount of his contract?
Mr. SMITH, of New York. The Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads of the
Senate make this report:
That from the evidence and papers submitted to
them, the following appear to be the facts in this
case: . „
That on the 30th day of October, 3869, the Post-
master General advertised for proposals for trans-
porting the United States mail over route No.
13032, from Duluth to Pigeon river, in the State of
Minnesota, twice a month.
That on the 20th day of April, 1870, it appearing
that Albert Wieland was the lowest bidder, the con-
tract was awarded to him at a compensation of
$-1,080 per ann am, the service to begin on the 1st
day of July, 1870.
That said Albert Wieland has performed the ser-
vice to the satisfaction of the Post Office Depart-
ment, carrying: the mails by boat on Lake Superior
during the summer, and by packers along the north
shore of tho lake during the winter. _
That at the time of entering into said contract the
amount of mail matter to be transported was small,
averaging from twenty to thirty pounds in weight.
That since the letting of said contract there has
been an extraordinary increase in the quantity of
mail to be transported by said Wieland over said
route during the winter months by reason of the
opening of mines at Silver Islet, Thunder Bay. and
Fort W llliam, in the territory of the Dominion of
Canada.
That the Canadian Government pays $15,000 to a
steamboat company for carrying tho mail from Col-
lingwood to Fort William during tho summer. Dur-
ing tho wmtei the same Canadian mail is sent as a
closed ranil, via Detroit, Chicago, and St. Paul, to
Duluth, and thence over route No. 12692 to Pigeon
lliver.
This route is over a wiid, mountainous, hilly, and
thickly wooded country, without roads, a distance
of one hundred and sixty miles, with only two post
offices along the loute, and with no settlements
between the post offices ; and the packers who
