2944
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CATTARAUGUS AND ALLEGANY INDIANS.
Mr. SHANKS also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 2264) to
authorize the Cattaraugus and Allegany Indians
in New York to lease lands and confirm leases,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, in the first section
provides that the Cattaraugus and Allegany
Indians, located in Cattaraugus county, New
York, are hereby authorized by a resolution
of their council, according to their system of
government, to lease any of their lands for
village lots iu the village of Salamanca, in
said county, for the purpose of erecting thereon
any private residences or business houses ; and
the above provisions shall also apply to the
villages of Great Valley and Carrolton, in said
county, and all leases heretofore made by said
Indians in council, as aforesaid, are hereby
confirmed.
The second section provides that said Indian
council is hereby authorized, by resolution as
aforesaid, to designate and set apart to any
Indian of either of said tribes any quantity of
land on either of said reservations, not exceed-
ing fitty acres, for agricultural purposes, which
said Indian may occupy, improve, and enjoy
the same as though he were the owner in fee-
Bi tuple.
The third section provides that any Indian
in either of said tribes is hereby authorized to
sell and dispose of his personal property, and
receive pay therefor, in the same manner as
any citizen of the State of New York, and main-
tain an action therefor in said State courts to
the same extent as a citizen may ; and any
Indian in the occupancy of his land as afore
said is hereby authorized to maintain any
action in the courts of said State that any cit-
izen could, for the recovery of his real or per-
sonal property, or for tlie recovery of any
damage done to said property, or to recover
the value of any personal property wrougfully
taken from him.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SHANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RKMOVAL OF KANSAS INDIANS.
Mr. BURDETT, from the Committe on
Indian Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2G23) to provide for the removal of the Kan-
sas tribe of Indians to the Indian territory,
and to dispose of their lands in Kansas to
actual settlors only.
The bill, which was read, in the first section
provides that the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and empowered
to cause to be appraised and sold so much of
thn lands heretofore owned by the Kansas
tribe of Indians, in the State of Kansas, and
which was ceded to the United States in trust
in the treaty made by the United States and
said Indians, proclaimed November 17, A. 0.
1860, and which remain unsold, in the follow-
ing manner, namely: the said Secretary shall
appoint three disinterested and competent
persons, who shall, after being duly sworn to
perform said service faithfully and impartially,
personally examine and appraise said lands
by legal subdivisions of one hundred and
sixty acres or less, separately from the value
of any improvements on the same, and also
the value of said improvements, distinguish-
ing between improvements made by members
of said Indian tribe, the United States, and
white settlers, and make return thereof to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs; provided
that the Secretary of the Interior may, in his
discretion, set aside any appraisements that
may be made unacr the provisions of this
section, and cause a new appraisement to be
made.
The second section provides that each bona
fide settler at the time occupying any portion
of said lands and having made valuable im-
provements thereon, ortheheirs-at-law ofsuch,
who is a citizen of the United States, or who
has declared his intention to become such,
shall be entitled, at any time within one year
from the approval of said appraisement, to
purchase, for cash, the land so occupied and
improved by him, not to exceed one hundred
and sixty acres in each case, at the appraised
value thereof, including the appraised value of
any improvements which may have been made
by the United States or any of said Indians on
the same, under such rules and regulations as
the Secretary of the Interior may prescribe.
The third section provides that all the lands
mentioned in the first section of this act now
occupied by bona fide settlers, as mentioned in
the second section of this act, remaining unsold
at the expiration of one year from the approval
of said appraisement, shall be sold at public
sale, after due advertisement, to the highest
bidder for cash, in tracts not exceeding one
hundred and sixty acres; and all the lands
mentioned in the first, section of this act which
shall be unoccupied by bona jide settlers at
the date of such appraisement may be sold at
any time after the approval of said appraise-
ment, at public sale, after due advertisement,
to the highest bidder for cash, in tracts not
exceeding one hundred and sixty acres, under
sneh rules and regulations as the Secretary of
the Interior may prescribe: provided that in
no case shall any of the lands mentioned in
this act be sold at less than (heir appraised
value; and provided further that the Sec-
retary of the Interior may, in his discretion,
open any of said lands remaining unsold after
having been publicly offered to cash entry at
their appraised value, subject to the rights of
bona Jide settlers as provided for in this act;
provided, however, that, the proceeds of the
sale of said lands and improvements, after
paying the expenses of said appraisement and
sale, shall be applied in accordance with the
provisions of said treaty in the payment of the
liquidated indebtedness of said Kansas tribe
of Indians -pro rata as the same shall be
received, and the excess, if any, shall be dis-
tributed to the said Indians per capita, in
money.
The fourth section provides that if said
Kansas tribe of Indians shall signify to the
President of the United States their desire to
sell their diminished reserve, as indicated in
said treaty, including lands held in severalty
and in common, and to remove from the State
of Kansas, and shall so agree in such manner
as the President may prescribe, the Secretary
of the Interior may cause the same to be ap-
praised in legal subdivisions as hereinbefore
provided for the appraisement of the so-called
"trust lands," and sold, in quantities not ex-
ceeding one hundred and sixty acres, at not
less than its appraised value, after due notice,
to the highest bidder or bidders, on sealed
bids, including improvements of every char-
acter, and no preference shall be given to set-
tlers on any part of said diminished reserve;
and the appraised value of any improvements
on any part of said diminished reserve, made
by any member of said tribe, shall be paid to
him or her in person ; and the residue of the
proceeds of said sales shall belong to said
tribe in common ; fifty per cent, of which shall
be placed to their credit on the books of the
Treasury, and bear interest at the rate of five
per cent, per annum, and said interest, to be
paid to them semi-annually, for the term of
twenty years, after which the principal shall
be paid to the members of said tribe per
capita, and the remaining fifty per cent, of
the proceeds of sales,_ as aforesaid, shall be
used in providing and improving for them new
homes in the Indian territory, and in subsist-
ing them until they may become self-sustain-
ing; provided that if any adult member of
said tribe to whom an allotment was assigned
under the provision of articles one and two
of said treaty of November, 1860, shall desire
to remain upon the same, such member of
said tribe shall, upon satisfying the Secretary
of the Interior of it that he or she is the per-
son to whom such allotment was originally
assigned, and that he or she since the dale of
such assignment continued to occupy and cul-
tivate the same, be entitled to demand and
receive for such allotment a patent in fee-
simple to such land as was patented, which
shall be exempt from levy, taxation, or sale,
during the natural life of such Indian.
Mr. RICE, of Illinois. I ask that the first
two sections of the bill maybe again reported.
The first two sections were again read.
Mr. COGHLAN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman who has the bill in charge, why it is
that these lands are taken from under the op-
eration of the preemption law; why it is
sought to have them sold at private sale? It
seems to me a very bad rule, unless some
reason exists for it of which I am not aware.
Mr. BURDETT. In reply to the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Coghlan,] I will say that
these are not the lands of the United States.
They are Indian lands. By the treaty of 1869
they were confirmed as a part of the reserva-
tion to the Kansas tribe. But by that treaty
this portion of the lands, specified in the first
and second sections of the bill, was set apart
in trust for the United States to be sold for
the liquidation of certain indebtedness which
had accrued against the Indians, and as being
a larger amount of land than was necessary
for the use of the Indians. They are there-
fore not the lands of the United States, and
the preemption and homestead laws of the
United States accordingly do not apply. They
are held in trust by the United States under
the treaty for the sole purpose of sale for the
benefit of the Indians. Therefore, in prepar-
ing a bill providing for their sale, it has of
course been proper and necessary to see that
the Indian obtains the best rights which can
possibly be obtained for him.
Mr. COGHLAN. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I desire to ask auother question. This
bill gives the settlers on the land the right to
purchase it. In what manner have they the
right to purchase it now? Have they not the
right under the preemption laws?
Mr. BURDETT. There is no right to pur-
chase whatever until the passage of this bill.
Mr. COGHLAN. Under this bill, for one
or two years, those who are the actual settlers
have the preference in buying.
Mr. BURDETT. They have the right to
purchase if they aro willing to give the value
of the lands.
Mr. COGHLAN. Under the preemption
laws V
Mr. BURDETT. The preemption laws do
not and cannot attach to this at all.
• Mr. SARGENT. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Burdett]
whether it is not better for the Indians, and
whether it will not bring more money, to have
these lands put up to competition, rather than
that they shall be disposed of by private sale.
Mr. BURDETT. If the gentleman from
California asks my opinion upon that question,
I will say to him that in my judgment the
answer should be, "No." I think there is suffi-
cient knowledge among the gentlemen of this
House as to the operation of land sales upon
the border to make them aware that very
often, and almost ulways, such combinations
are formed as that it is impossible that large
tracts of land shall go beyond a certain figure.
Mr. SARGENT. The experiment was tried
iu Wisconsin for the first time last year. A
bill was passed which provided that sales
