256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 20,
ation as will enable them to determine the
facts for themselves, so that they may know
whether the man who goes before them to pro-
claim their wrongs speaks the truth, whether
he speaks for them or for himself. They will
by this means be enabled to speak for them
selves, knowing that of which they speak. This
investigation is not to determine results here;
it is to enable the people to determine results
for themselves, and to direct legislation, here or
elsewhere.
I incorporate as part of ray remarks the fol-
lowing bill which I introduced Monday last,
fully believing that ere long the Congress of
the United States will be required by the
people to pass such a bill. I. for one, move
now, that I may not be sleeping at ray post of
duty—a duty to me so clear and just to all the
people:
A bill (H. R. No. 371) establishing a bureau of labor,
providing for the appointment of a commissioner
therefor, and defining his duties.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of Americain Congress assem-
bled, That there is hereby established a bureau, to
be under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, and to be known as the bureau of labor.
Sec. 2. That thereshall be acominissioneroflabor
appointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, who 3hall be in charge
of the bureau of labor, and who shall receive the
game compensation as now paid to the Commissioner
of Agriculture.
Sec. 3. That it shall be the duty of the commis-
sioner of labor to collect the necessary information
and publish monthly reports showing as definitely
ns possible the amount and character of wases paid
8t the la.test date to male and female employes in ;
every county and in every town or city of five hundred
inhabitants or over throughout the United States |
and Territories, and forserrices on the high sens and |
other navigable waters adjacent to or within the J
United States, (for services by the year, month, and !
day respectively,)andspecifically designating, under
soparflteand appropriate headings, the variouskinds
of labor for whieh the wages are paid, and whether
paid by the United States or by any of the various
corporations or companies operating under laws or
charters of Congress or State, or other authority,
or paid bv individuals.
Sec. 4. That it shall further be the duty of said
commissioner of labor to show, in said reports, the
cost of rents, fuel, and the articles of general use for
food and clothing, the amount of interest paid on
loans and other indebtedness, the rate of discount
charged by the banks, the amount of poll-tax, and
the rate per cent, of property tax paid in the sev-
eral localities whether State, national, or local taxes;
the rate per milecharged by railroads for passengers
and for local and through freights respectively, and
all such other information as may lead to a correct
knowledge of the practical relations between capital
and labor in the United States.
I have this moment received the following
endorsement of the above bill, which I here
insert as a part of these remarks:
Washington, December 20,1871.
To the honorable members of the
House of Representative? in Congress assembled:
I b^sr leave to represent that, in our opinion,
bill 371, introduced by Mr. Shanks, of Indiana,
entitled "A bill establishing a bureau of labor,
providing for the appointment of a commissioner
therefor, and defining his duties/' would meet the
approval of the association I have the honor to
represent, and therefore pray that any bill that may
pass your honorable body be so amended as to contain
all the several sections of the bill above named.
"With great respect. &c.,
ALBERT E. REDSTONE,
Deputy Grind Architect Ecumenical Order
United Mechanics for the United States.
Mr, HOAR. I yield one minute to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevexsox.]
Mr. STEVENSON. I send to the Clerk's
desk to be read a letter from a prominent
laboring man of Cincinnati, Ohio.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office Iron-Molders' International Union,
Cincinnati, Ohio, December 17, 1871.
Hon. Job E. Stevenson :
You will confer a favor on me by sending me a
copy of and debate on the bill of Mr. Hoar, of
Massachusetts, looking to the appointment of a labor
commission. The eyes of all the laboring classes are
on the fate of that bill.
Yours, respectfully,
WILLIAM SAFFIN,
President Iron-Moldertt* International Union.
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, the letter which
has just been read is a fair specimen of those
which from ail pans of the country, from
men interested iu every form of labor, I have
received during the past week. I desire to •
call the attention of the House to this fact: ,
members who may vote for the proposition of '
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbkli.]—of i
course thev will do so if it conforms to their I
judgment—must do it with the full knowledge ,
that it is an attack (and is known and read as ,
such) upon the investigation which is asked by 1
the classes whose special benefit it coutern- j
plates. i
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will the gentleman |
allow me a word? I
Mr. HOAR. For a question, or for what |
purpose does the gentleman want the floor?
Mr. CAMPBELL. For a question. j
Mr. HOAR. The gentleman has already
spoken for three quarters of an hour, and he
must be very brief.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman will
observe that I did not decline to yield to
any gentleman on his side.
Mr. HOAR. Certainly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If my interruption i3 at
all disagreeable to him, I will not take the
floor.
Mr. HOAR. I do not object at all to the
gentleman's interruption, but I ask him to be
brief.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will be brief. I have
not introduced my amendment for the purpose
of preventing any proper investigation. It
was simply because I believed the Speaker of
the House, and the Senate, can organize a fairer
and better commission, which would be freer
from objection, than the President of the Uni-
ted States. That is the reason for my amend-
ment; and I should like to have the gentleman
from Massachusetts explain to the House why
it is be believes the President of the United
States can organize a better commission than
this House and the Senate, through their Pre-
siding Officers.
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, two things are
to be accomplished by this investigation: first,
a thorough and fair ascertainment of the fact:
and second, the satisfaction of the country with
the result as an honest, thorough, and fair
ascertainment of the fact. The discovery of
the fact and its acceptance as the fact both
are to be ascertained; but both are rendered
impossible by the proposition of the gentlemau
from Ohio. It is not possible consistently
with the onerous duties of legislation resting
on the members of this House that, they should
make this investigation. They cannot make
k consistently with the duties of any committee
which may be appointed.
In the next place, the members of this
House have been selected by their constitu-
ents as the representatives of the various polit-
ical parties iu the districts from which they
come. Those men who are not contained in
the ranks of either of the great political parties
of the country, those who are not contained
in any political organization which has rep-
resentatives upon this floor—so far as they are
concerned the proposition of the gentleman
fromOhio [Mr. Campbell] means, when trans-
lated, "provided, that in making this investiga-
tion no member of the labor party how"ever
comnetent, no person not a Democrat or Re
publican, however compptent, shall have aplace
on that com mission." That is none the less the
effect of the amendment, that he does not
propose it with that object in view. Of course
I accept his disclaimer as to his own personal
motives. Therefore, any person that votes for
II this proposition, as well as for the proposition
:j of the gentleman from Illinois to amend it by
substituting a bureau, votes to make it a par-
i! tisan investigation. It cannot be otherwise.
;! It will be understood as belittling the prop-
j j osition.
ii _ Now, sir. the President of the United State?,
it is true, may, if he sees lit, nominate, and the
Senate may confirm, three gentleman of the
class described by the gentleman from Dela-
ware [Mr. Biggs] as "broken-winded Repub-
lican politicians." If he does, he will have
struck and be known to have struck a blow
at the laboring interests of the country. Ihe
President of the United Stales is a man of
courage I suppose we all agree; but there is
one thing he dare not do, and that is to divert
this commission which is proposed by this bill
to any partisan or personal end. He is to
exercise the authority conferred on him in this
bill under the eyes of an anxious, expectant,
aroused sentiment of the laboring clause? of
the American people. They say that they
desire light in regard to their condition.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Does the gentleman
think the President will appoint any Demo-
crat on that commission? Let him answer
me frankly.
Mr. HOAR. I think if the President of
the United States can find a Democrat with
the interest, with the capaeiry, with the desire
to make the investigation proposed, and I
hope and believe he can, I think by ail means
he would be desirous of appointing him.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Can the gentleman point
out any Democrat whom the President has
ever appointed ?
Mr. HOAR. I do not think I i-hould be
interrupted with that kind of discussion.
And now, Mr. Speaker, 1 have a word or two
to say in all frankness to the gentleman from
Delaware, [Mr. Bicgs.] I should be sorry if
the question I put to him. was construed by
him in any respect as a taunt. I! it was. I will
withdraw it. And I desire to say that I hope
never to be led in debate in this House, if I
ever have been in the past, into an exchange
of crimination and recrimination in regard to
the character or the history of the ditJeie.nt
States of this Union. If in any American
State anywhere there be an abuse, if in any
American State labor, humanity, or morality
be disgraced, it is the common disgrace of
every American citizen.
Something has been said in regard to the
condition of the working classes ot Massachu-
setts. Did my friend from Delaware remem-
ber, when he referred to that matter, that the
fact which he stated, so far as it is a fact, was
disclosed to public gaze by an investigation of
precisely this character, ordered by the Repub-
lican Legislature of Massachusetts itself? It
was by the report of the Massachusetts bureau
of statistics of labor, made and created ami
sustained in office yearafter year by the Legis-
lature of that State, that the abuses under which
the children of our laboring classes suffered
were disclosed. And, sir, I could not find a
better argument. If a single girl or biy of
fifteen years of age throughout the length and
breadth of this Republic, instead ot beinj in
the common school, or in the bo-oni of the
family, works in a factory until nature fails,
and water is thrown on the fa'-e. the expense
and cost of this commission will not be thrown
awav if that one thing alone is di.«cosed and
held up in the face ofdav and remedied. We
inquired into the condition of the laboring
classes in Massachusetts. We found that the
children were worked in the factories, and we
put upon our statute-book a stringent htw,
and appointed a ?p-:eia! police to carry it into
execution, which should bring every factory
owner, or factory acent to the bar of the courts
as a felon who employed children over certain
hours, or without giving them an opportunity
to attend the schools.
Sow I ask the gentleman from Delaware
[Mr. Bkjgs] if that is not the best way, if the
establishment of common schools, if the com-
pelling every child, poor or lich, to attend
them ; if the establishment, of a bureau to
acquire information about the eoudinou of the
poor, and acting upon that information, is not
a better way than it is not to have any common-
school system, and then when the ignorant
man or the ignorant girl falls into crime put
him or her upon the pillory, or upon the whip-
ping post; I ask the gentleman which is the
best way?
Mr. BIGGS. I will answer the gentleman
