1152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
stipulated damages; but I doubt very much
wbether we can authorize the Postmaster Gen-
eral to supply any other service and charge the
whole expense of that upon the contractor.
The contractor does not undertake impos-
sibilities. It is impossible to run a railroad
through a snow-drift, and if the contractor is
actually prevented "by the act of God or the
king's enemy," (and I suppose a snow-drift is
"the act of God,") as a matter of course he
cannot be required to overcome impossibilities.
A. rule of law which should authorize the Post-
master General to charge the company with the
whole cost of overcoming this difficulty, in my
judgment, would be a violation of the contract.
If the Senator can avoid that difficulty, I have
not the slightest objection to the bill, and think
it ought to pass.
Mr. COLE. In a report which we have from
the Postmaster General, laid on our tables
yesterday morning, I find this:
"For the transportation of mails on the Union
Pacific and Central Pacific railroads no formal con-
tracts exist. The service is paid for by the Depart-
ment under orders issued quarterly, as about half
the railroad service of the country is paid for, the
companies declining to execute formal contracts."
There is no contract,
Mr. SHERMAN. That makes it clearer
that the Postmaster General has no power to
charge the company the expense of service in
a different mode. In the absence of a con-
tract it is perfectly clear that this provision
would be entirely inoperative. The contract,
then, is simply a contract from day to day,
from mouth to month, terminable at pleasure.
Mr. COLE. No contract.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the law makes a
contract. It is a contract for service from
month to month, which is terminable by either
party. We cannot by law make a contract
between these parties in the absence of stipu-
lations. I merely suggest to the Senator from
California whether this last clause as to the
mode of refunding this cost ought not to be
left an open matter for the courts to determine.
Otherwise, I think the clause will be inoper-
ative. and will not reach the company.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont?
Mr. COLE. I think not.
The VlCtC PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment will be regarded as agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I am willing to take the risk
of the Postmaster Genera! having the power
under the law which we are about to pass, as
I hope, to enforce the carrying of the mails by
these companies. I believe there is a general
law requiring all railroad companies to carry
the mails when they are tendered by the proper
Department. In this case there has been a
great deal of delay already. The mails have
been more or less interrupted or obstructed
for the last two months. The last mail through
was twenty-eight days coming, four times the
usual period of transmission across the conti-
nent. The space over which it might have
been taken by other conveyances, over which,
in fact, it was taken two years ago through the
winter season regularly, is no more than per-
haps a space which can be overcome in two or
three days' travel by other vehicles.
I apprehend there is great probability of a
delay of mails in future. That a train or two
has come through of iate, I am willing to con-
cede. Such has been the practice for the last
two months. Trains come through after long
delays on the road, two or three trains at a
time, each train or each company of trains
being worked through, as it is called, by shovel-
ing out the snow ahead of them, and then the
snowfalls in, blockading the road behind them,
no pains being taken to keep the road open m
the rear of these trains; and such I apprehend
will be the case in the future, and I have not
the least expectation that there will be regular
service over that railroad for the next two
months. We are aware that the interruptions
have been more or less during the months of
March and April, and the next moDth is prob-
ably the worst month that may be anticipated
for the railroad. Now, unless some means are
taken to facilitate the transmission of the mails
over that line, it will result in very great dis-
advantage to the busiuess communities on the
Atlantic as well as on the Pacific.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I should like to make
an inquiry of the Senator from California. I
understood him to say that the mails last year
in the months of March and April were delayed
by snow.
Mr. COLE. In former years.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I should like to inquire
what particular year the Senator refers to with
regard to the Union Pacific railroad ?
Mr. COLE. I make the general statement
that the interruption by snow heretofore has
been most during the time I have specified,
' March and April, as I have been informed.
Perhaps I might better say February, March,
and April. The latter part of February and
March, probably, is the most difficult season
for the railroad on account of the fall of snow.
It will be remembered that some five hundred
miles or more of this road, yes, a thousand
miles, are on a great plain, at no part of which
are the cars at a less elevation than forty-two
hundred feet, and the place where the block-
ade occurs, this side of Salt Lake, a space of
five hundred miles, is, on an average, perhaps
six thousand feet above the level of the sea.
It is a great plain, and summer comes late
there, and we must expect obstacles by snow
to continue pretty late in the spring, and there
is great danger, great likelihood, L may say,
that these mails will be interrupted during the
two mouths to follow this date.
Mr. CARPENTER. It is obvious that if
there is no contract with these railroad com-
panies for carrying these mails we cannot
make one by this act. It is obvious if there
is such a contract that we cannot change it by
this act. _ If a contract exists, and the com-
panies violate it, they may make themselves
liable in damages to the Government in the
manner which the contract provides for, I sup-
pose by a suit on the bond, or whatever the
remedy may be.
Again, it seems to me to be very bad policy
for us to pass such a law as this, because the
railroad company with such a law in existence
would not enter into any contract for carrying
the mails without taking into account the
contingency which might happen from snow
storms, that they would have to bear the entire
expense of carrying the mail by stage during
that time, and they would certainly demand a
much higher price for carrying the mails under
such a law than without it. It seems to me
bad policy in every pomt of view, and tjje only
result I can expect from it will be that in six
months we shall have to pass a law to repeal
the very provision we now propose to make.
Mr. COLE. There being no contract the
railroad company is of course independent of
the Government, and does not take any paius
whatever to put the trains through. As I
stated yesterday tea trains and freight trains
have been allowed to go ahead of the mail
when the mail trains could be put through.
They have been delayed for that cause. I state
that on the best information.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I should like to know
how the gentleman got that information.
Mr. COLE. From very creditable gentle-
men who have just arrived after a delay of four
or five weeks and upward on the road, and
know whereof they speak.
Mr. CONKLiNG. May I ask the Senator
from California whether this bill comes from
the Committee on Post Offices and Post
iioads?
Mr. COLE. I stated yesterday it had re-
ceived the attention of the committee, but the
report of the Post, Office Department was in
the hands of the Printer, and the committee
did not know what it contained, did not all
remember distinctly what it contained, and |
they authorized me to ask the action of the
Senate on it.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to strike out
all after the word "snow" in the eighth
line.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorfrom
South Carolina moves to strike out the words
"the amount paid for such service to be
deducted from the regular compensation here-
after earned by said railroad companies in car-
rying the United States mail." The question
is on this amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, on Tues-
day of last week I offered a resolution in the
Senate, of which this is a copy:
Resolved, That the Postmaster Generel be, and he
13, directed to transmit to the Senate, without delay,
any information in his control as to the detention
of the California mails on the Onion Pacific and
Central Pacific railroads, or either of them, during
the present winter ; and what steps he has taken, if
any, for the forwarding of such mails to their des-
tination ; and that he transmit also copies of all
contracts for the transportation of the California,
mails on the railroads specified.
On Friday of last week the letter of the
Postmaster General reached the Senate. On
that day, on my motion, it was ordered to be
printed. The report, as printed, reached the
Senate yesterday. It seems to me that a read-
ing of that report by Senators is all that is
required to satisfy them that some steps are
necessary to prevent serious injury by the
almost total interruption of regular communi-
cation between the three States of the Pacific
coast and the rest of the Union.
It will be seen that since about the middle
of November down to the date of this letter,
which is the middle of the present month, fully
one quarter of a year, the regular transmission
of the mails has been broken up. From my
personal knowledge I can say that the latest
dates which have reached me from San Fran-
cisco and Sacramento are not later than the 23d
of last month, which makes nearly four weeks
in the transmission of the mail. The telegram
of Mr. Barstow, the assistant superintendent of
the railway mail service, which will be found
in the Postmaster General's letter, is explicit
that the mails can just as well be transported
by the railroad company, if pushed, as not. He
goes on to say in very emphatic language,
"Such delays as have occurred are inexcus-
able under all the circumstances." The day
before the letter of the Postmaster General was
printed and laid upon our desks, my colleague
introduced this bill 
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. Does the Senator say
that the Postmaster General reported that the
delays on the Pacific railroad were inexcusa-
ble?
Mr. CASSERLY. I think my friend from
Nebraska could scarcely have been listening
to me. What I stated very explicitly was
that in the report of the Postmas.er General,
sent to the Senate in response to my resolu-
tion, he transmits a copy of a telegraphic mes-
sage transmitted to him by Mr. Barstow, who
is the assistant superintendent of railway mail
service in the Post Office Department,; and I
ask the attention of the Senator from Nebraska,
to that part of the report as well as to the
other statements contained in the paper. I
say, sir, my colleague brought in this bill. It is
quite obvious that if the bill is to be of any
service, if the relief is to be of any value to
the people of the Pacific coast, it ought to be
promptly rendered.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Shermax]
took the ground that if there was a contract
between the Union Pacific Railroad Company,
for instance, and the Post Office Department,
it cannot be changed materially by act of Con-
gress. I do not propose to combat, that prop-
osition. The Postmaster General, however,
informs us that he has no formal contract with
the Union Pacific railroad. Upon that state
of things, it seeuis to be the judgment of the
