1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1153
Senator from Ohio and also of the Senator
from Wisconsin that we are still less able, if
that be possible, to give the relief demanded
than if there were a contract. I do not so
understand the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the Senator
that I am decidedly in favor of the object of this
bill, and I think we have the power to require
this railroad company to carry tKe mail, and
we may say that they shall give preference to
the mails over any freight, and hold them lia-
ble in damages if they do not; but there roust
be some mode, some tribunal selected to fix
the amount of damages. It is in the power
of Congress to authorize what is authorized
by this bill, in the absence of a contract.
Mr. CASSERLY. If there were a contract,
I should not contend with the Senator from
Ohio or the Senator from Wisconsin that we
ought not to interfere with it, at least without
knowing precisely what we were doing ; but the
Postmaster General says that there is no con-
tract ; that these railroad companies decline to
make contracts; that payment is made for the
carrying of the mails by these companies in
the shape of orders issued from month to
month by the Post Office Department. That
being so, it seems to me entirely clear, with
the greatest deference to the Senators who
differ with me, that the remedy is absolute and
plenary in Congress; that where the service is
not rendered, nothing can be due; that there-
fore, upon a failure to render the service, it is
entirely competent for us to authorize the
Postmaster General to have the service ren-
dered, and to deduct in the settlements with
the railway companies whatever sums would
have been due to them bad they performed the
service. I propose to amend my colleague's
bill so as to cover that point. I have no doubt
that will be quite agreeable to him, because I
am quite certain that he did not intend any-
thing different from that.
Mr. COLE. In what respect does my col-
league propose an amendment?
Mr. CASSERLY. My amendment is to this
point: that in default of a proper transporta-
tion of the mails by the railroad companies the
Postmaster General shall be authorized to have
the service performed, and also to deduct what-
ever sum ho shall have to pay for such service
from those sums that would otherwise have
been due to the railroad companies if they
performed the service.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator from California whether two or
three words inserted in the present bill will not
accomplish his purpose. I suppose he under-
stands, as we all know, that the only amount
that could be legally retained wouid be the
amount of service for the trip where there was
a failure to perform the service. Now I sug-
gest to him that after the word "deducted"
in the bill he insert the words " according to
existing provisions of law." I believe the exist-
ing provisions of law, certainly of all contracts,
provide that the compensation for any failure
shall be the forfeiture of the compensation for
that trip.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no objection to
the amendment in any form which will satisfy
the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I have no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Union Pacific road
is one of those roads chartered and endowed
by Congress. If my recollection of the stat-
ute is correct, it is a post road by act of Con-
gress ; it is obliged to carry the mails; it has
not any power to refuse to carry the mails;
and failing to carry the mails, it seems to me
it must be in the power of this Government
somewhere or in some way to have them car-
ried. If it were not so, the result would be
that any part of this country where the mail
service is performed by a railroad company
would be entirely cut off from the advantages
of mail service by any default of the railroad
company.
42d Com. 2d Sess.— No. 73.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
South Carolina has moved to strike out the
latter part of the bill. The Chair understands
the Senator from California [Mr. Casserly]
to move to perfect it before it is stricken out
according to the suggestion of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.]
Mr. ROBERTSON. If I am not misin-
formed, the Postmaster General has the right
alreadyto deduct the pay for non-performance
of service rendered. Hence there is no neces-
sity for the amendment which the Senator from
California proposes. The part of the bill which
I propose to strike out calls upon the company
to pay for the transportation of the mails during
part of one month of the year, possibly all that
they would earn the next month ; which I do
not think is right.
I am not personally acquainted with any of
the officers of this road; but I am acquainted
with railroad matters; I have had some con-
nection with railroad men and railroad mat-
ters, and I think it entirely wrong tomake a
railroad company suffer for that which they
cannot prevent. It is a well known fact that
they have used all the preventives within their
means and which have heretofore prevented
snow from drifting on the track by the pre-
caution of putting up fencing; and I learn
from the papers which I receive from the
West that the snow has drifted in the opposite
direction from that in which it has drifted
heretofore. Hence the cuts have been filled
up. I think it is unwise iu us to attempt to
make a corporation pay for that which they
cannot prevent, but which has been brought
upon them by another power. I move, there-
fore, to strike out all after the word " snow."
Mr. CORBETT. I agree with the Senator
from South Carolina in striking out all after
the word "snow" in the eighth line. I believe
the law provides now that where contractors fail
in the transportation of themail, where the fail-
ure is shown to be from their neglect, the Post-
master General may then deduct such amounts
as may be proven to have occurred by the
neglect of the persons who agreed to trans-
port the mails. My own belief is that these
companies have exercised perhaps all the
necessary care for this purpose. But it has
been an unprecedented winter, and the snows
have blocked up the road so that it has been
impossible to keep it open. I hope the Post
Office Department maybe authorized to make
provision for the transportation of these mails
without regard to any deduction except by the
law and under the law as it stands, and as I
understand this amendment will accomplish
the object, as proposed by the Senator from
South Carolina, I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. COLE. If it makes the hill more pal-
atable and agreeable to the Senate, I will not
object to the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, i am very anxious
the bill shall pass.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President 
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator from
Nevada allow me just a word? My colleague
having consented to strike out all after the
word "snow," the question of forfeiture or
deduction of payments is taken out of the bill.
I ask him also to consent to amend by adding
after the word " snow" the words "or other-
wise," so that any delay in the transportation
of the mails, whether by snow or from other
cause, may be covered by the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California in front of the Chair, having charge
of the bill, [Mr. Cole,] consentsto theamend-
ment of the Senator from South Carolina, to
strike out all after the word " snow." If there
be no objection that amendment will be con-
sidered agreed to ; and those words are stricken
out. His colleague now proposes to amend
by adding after the word "snow" the words
"or otherwise." Is that assented to? If
there is no objection that amendment will be
regarded as agreed to. It is agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I am quite as anxious as any
one can be to have these mails carried regu-
larly ; but it seems to me there is no use of
any legislation about it. Thisstofm is as much
an act of God as the sinking of a steamer.
My friend will bear me witness to one thing,
that every decade for the last three decades
we have had every tenth year 011 tba Pacific
coast a remarkably hard winter: 1851-52 I
have read about; 1861-62 I had a sad experi-
ence in and know how it was; 1871-7)2 we
have got enough of.
Mr. COLE. ' I will remind my friend that
this obstruction is a thousand miles this side
of the Pacific coast, and not on the Pacific
coast at all.
Mr. NYE. I happen to bo quite as familiar
with the locality as my distinguished friend.
It makes but little odds where the act of God
takes place, whether it is on the Pacific coast
or on the Atlantic coast. The idea that I
meant to convey and wished to impress on
the Senate is that every tenth year in that
mountain region, for the last three times ten,
there has been a winter as remarkable as this.
It seems to follow each decade. That road
undoubtedly has done the best it could, for it
was its interest to do so. Vt'hen I came over
we were blocked in three days, and we had
quite a battle with the snow. I did not blame
anybody for the snow. It was there, and the
winds were holding high carnival, and they
drifted it just as they do anywhere. Suppose
the mails had been sent by sea, and the steamer
had gone down at Acapulco, or anywhere along
that coast, it would have been forty-eight days
before we could have got another mail, twenty-
four days being consumed in the round trip.
We have been less time thau that. My judg-
ment is that the Postmaster General has the
power now, as much as it can be conferred on
him by law, to transport these mails in the most
expeditious manner.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator allow
me to say a word?
Mr. NYE. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 think if he will read
the letter of the Poslmaster General he will
see that the Postmaster General is not near so
clear about his authority as the Senator seems
to be.
Mr. NYE. I think the general authority of
the Postmaster General is to see that the mails
are conveyed, and if one road fails, to see that
they are conveyed in another way until a relet-
ting takes place. It may not be so clear as I
think it is ; but what do you propose to do ?
You propose to carry these mails three or four
hundred miles—the length of this drifting
region; and how do you propose to do it?
By stage, in the dead of winter, without a pound
of forage for animals, without a home for a
driver, without a fire on the way. The first
outfit would cost $300,000; and before that
could be arranged the snows would have gone
away.
I disagree with my honorable friend from
California [Mr. Cole] in another respect; I
say that the worst of these storms is not in
March. The storm has expended its force
already. The elements have subsided; and the
snow has gotten up to that height that it lays
quiet after a few days exposure if the winds
are not blowing. There is no great depth of
snow there when it is not blowing, but the
difficulty comes from the drifting of the snow
and its mingling itself with the earth, the winds
are so extreme, until it gets hard enough on
the track to bear an engine with its full force.
These are obstacles which cannot be re-
moved ; they are obstacles that it is useless to
legislate against. If the mails fail this way,
send them by steamer. There is a provision
already existing in the law by which they may
be sent by sea; and with these elements it is
in vain to attempt to battle by law. They will
laugh at our legislative enactments, these
storm kings will. [Laughter.] They just hold
it in their own hands; and to attempt to put
