1872.']
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Condition of the South—Mr. Waddell.
Ho. of Keps.
no more honest than Congressmen and Cabinet
officers ? Why is it assumed that this board
are to be more incorruptible than everybody
else ? If members of Congress advise improper
appointments, and the President makes them,
in order to keep their places, may not the
board who are dependent upon the favor of
the President do the same thing to keep their
places? I do not understand why corrupt
influences of any kind may not be brought to
bear upon them as easily as upon the chief
officers of the Government.
It is hardly justice to the people to assume
that the President, the officer whom they take
the most pride and interest in selecting, is
more liable to be corrupted than a board of
examiners appointed by the President. The
power concentrated in this board will be ex-
traordinary, and the opportunities to use it
corruptly correspondingly great. The author-
ity which has heretofore been distributed in
the President and heads of Departments, and
greatly controlled by congressional and pop-
ular influences, is now concentrated in one
head that is expected to be absolutely inde-
pendent of everybody and regardless of pop-
ular influences. Who supposes that honesty
is to be improved by this monstrous combina-
tion of power, or that purer government will
be secured by it? Who will have confidence
in this autocratic body? Will it be the party
not in favor with the Executive who appoints
them, and who are not represented among
them, but who are nevertheless promised that
party considerations shall not be entertained
in the selection of officers? Will it be the
people who do not choose them, and who are
not permitted to be heard before them? Will
it be those who 'regard the Chief Magistrate,
Cabinet ministers, Senators and Represent-
atives as wanting in integrity? Sir, I predict
that the complaints which have heretofors
been heard against the civil service will be
trifling in comparison with the denunciations
that will be heaped upon this board before
many changes in administrations shall take
place, if it shall live so long. No more com-
plete fountain for intriguery and corruption was
ever contrived, and no power was ever before
called into existence in this country so well
calculated to excite the distrust and suspicion
of the people.
But it is said that the President may still
remove unworthy officers as before. So he
may. He may do just what it is alleged Presi-
dents have heretofore done—he may require
every man in office to serve his personal inter-
ests or be kicked out. He cannot appoint
those whom'he may prefer, but if he be cor-
rupt he can kick out those who do not yield
to his purposes, and repeat the operation until
he finds those who will. So that after all the
pretended guarantee against presidential in-
triguery in the use of patronage comes far short
of meeting the case.
I object also to these rules because under
their operation nobody is to be responsible
for the conduct of those in office. The Presi-
dent and heads of Departments cannot be held
accountable, because they are so fettered that
they cannot appoint those whom they believe
most worthy ; and the advisory board will
claim to be excused because they have no dis-
cretion but to name those who pass the highest
examination. The party iu power will dis-
claim accountability because it has no control
over their selection, and because they will come
largely from a hostile organization. Those
who pass the best examinations being entitled
to preference, as a matter of right no party
nor any appointing officer can be held account-
able before the country for their official con-
duct. Is this wise? Is it an arrangement that
commends itself to the common sens.e of the
country ?
Sir, I hold that when the Republican party
is in power it should select its own friends to
maintain its honor and reputation and carry
out its policies, and it should then take the
consequences of success or failure in meeting
the expectations of the country. If the Dem-
ocracy shall attain the ascendency, let them
put their own men in the appointive offices,
and assume the responsibility of their official
conduct before the country. To so change
the rule that several thousand appointive offices
shall be filled with men selected by a sort of
lottery process, for whom neither the President
nor chiefs of Departments nor any political
party can properly be held to accountability,
is to remove one of the chief guarantees that
good men will be put in office and bad ones
kept out.
Mr. Speaker, the civil service board have
made a failure of their work, because they
have not sought to introduce reform where
reform was needed. There have been no
complaints against the competency of those
holding appointive offices. Nobody pretends
that there has been any difficulty in finding
competent men. The complaint has been that
too many dishonest men get into office, and
the reform demanded was something that
would more certainly secure the appointment
of honest men. In their horror of " patron-
age" and "political- pressure," the commis-
sioners seem to have lost sight of this fact.
They have at any rate given very slight atten-
tion to it, and what they have done opens the
door far wider than it ever was before for the
entrance of dishonest men. The competitive
examination, which seems to be their chief
reliance for the cure of all evils, can determ-
ine nothing as to the moral character of appli-
cants, and the board must rely on certificates
from outside parties, so that no barrier is
erected against rascals that has not always
existed; for the appointing officers have never
acted without advice, unless upon their own
personal knowledge. It is true that they
have given great weight to the recommend-
ations of members of Congress. But if
members of Congress, who were held to
accountability by their constituents, occasion-
ally made mistakes or knowiugly recom-
mended dishonest men, may not others who
are not charged with the especial duty of
advising as to the character of applicants, and
who are not responsible to anybody, do the
same thing?
Men do not often refuse to sign certificates
of character who are under no official respons-
ibility, and almost any one who has not been
convicted of crime can obtain them. Cora-
petition being open to all, the number of appli-
cants will be increased more than a hundred-
fold, and the difficulty of guarding against
improper advice as to character, and of ehoos-
ing correctly, will be greatly increased. A
vast throng largely composed of professional
office-seekers and worthless adventurers will
crowd before the board, and modest, worthy
men will refuse to engage in the scramble ;
and because they will not they cannot be
appointed. Party and official responsibility
is to be virtually shaken off, and nobody held
accountable to the people for the character of
appointments. Are not the chances, then,
for dishonest men greatly multiplied, while
not a single new protection is provided against
them? Where do we find the "reform" in
all this? What the country expected was
something to prevent the putting of corrupt
men in office; and yet this material considera-
tion seems not to have seriously engaged the
attention of the commissioners. Heavy darts
have been hurled at imaginary evils, while not
the lightest arrow has been aimed at the real
foe of the civil service.
"Mr. Speaker, the imperfection of human
affairs is such that there will always be oppor-
tunities for reform everywhere. But imaginary
evils will constantly be portrayed in startling
magnitude, so that officious pretensions to
championship of required reforms may win
popular applause and confidence. It has been
so with the demand for civil service reform.
Trifling evils have been magnified into huge
proportions, and imaginary dangers held up in
frightful shapes to excite the apprehension and
indignation of the people.
The object of those who have been most
conspicuous in this work has been, first, to
bring the present Administration into disre-
pute, as more corrupt and incompetent than
those that have preceded it; and, second, to
win for themselves recognition as the repre-
sentatives of reform as against a corrupt
Executive, unworthy of popular confidence.
That the country has to some extent been
misled by the croakings of these self-styled
reformers I do not doubt; and that the Presi-
dent, who has said that he has no policy to
enforce against the will of the people, was act-
uated, in adopting the rules reported by the
civil service commission, by the belief that the
people demanded some such change in the
civil service system as those rules involve, I
sincerely believe. He certainly did not do so
because he believed the country required pro-
tection from unworthy practices on his part,
nor because he supposed he was not as compe-
tent to select his subordinates as somebody
else was to select them'for him. Conscious'
of his own integrity, and of his independence
of the use of patronage, he was prompt to yield
to what seemed to him the popular desire, and
hasty to surrender a power which appeared to
give morbid irritation to envious opponents.
His action manifests a self-sacrificing patriot-
ism worthy of high praise, and has confounded
those whose chief occupation was to calumni-
ate him with charges of intriguery and corrup-
tion in the use of patronage to secure a reelec-
tion ; and yet 1 think he was mistaken as to
the popular desire, and too hasty for the public
Under his administration the proportion of
incompetent and dishonest officials has been
smaller than under most that have preeeded it.
The revenues have been faithfully collected
and applied to the reduction of the public
debt; the public business in all its branches
has been conducted with singular fidelity,
ability, and economy. The people knew it
and were satisfied. They knew the motives
that inspired the vindictive and calumnious
assaults upon him, and they disregarded them.
They saw peace prevailing everywhere, national
credit advancing, the rights of all secured and
protected, the public debt rapidly decreasing,
taxes being reduced, industries multiplying,
progress and prosperity universal, and they
demanded no sacrifice of principle to appease
the venom of malcontents, or gratify the whims
of impracticable theorists.
Condition of the South.
SPEECH OF HON. A. M. WADDELL,
of north carolina,
In the House of Representatives,
April 13, 1872,
On the eondition of the South.
Mr. WADDBLL. Mr. Speaker, I approach
the task which my duty as a member ot the
Committee on Alleged Outrages in the South-
ern States imposes upon me with unfeigned
reluctance. The country is wearied with the
subject, the people are sick of the hollow
hypocrisy of this Ku Klux crusade; but,
although as an individual i do not claim and
eannot expect the same degree of attention
which has been and will be accorded to my
more distinguished colleagues on the commit-
tee, it is still my misfortune to be the only
