258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
in regard to the payment of laborers by store
orders?
The SPEAKER. It k not in order, pend-
ing the operation of the previous question.
The bill, as amended, "was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third timo; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. On that question I call for
the yeas and nay?.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 184, nays 3G, not voting
68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer. Arthur,
Banks, Barry, Beatty, Lell, Bingham, Austin Blair,
Georgeil. Brooks.Buckley,Buffinton, Burdett.Cobb,
Coshlnn,Conner, Cox, Creb«, Creely. Dawes, Donnan,
I)ox, Dueil, Earner Finkelubur?, Forker, Charles
Foster, I'rye, Garfield, Getz, GolLulay, Goodrich,
Griffith. Ilaldem:m, Hanooek. Harmer, Georae E.
Harris. Havens. flawley.IIay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazle-
ton. John W. Mazleton, Hereford, iierndonv llib-
baid, Hill, Hoar, llolman,Houghton. Keiie.v, Ketch-
am, RiHinger, King, Kin«ella, Lamport, Lansing,
Lowe, Lynch, Manson, Marsha]], Maynard, MeClel-
land. McCrary, MeJunkin, MeKee, McNeely, Mer-
cur, Merriam,Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyer?, Monroe,
Moore. Morphia. Nesrley. Niblack. Packard, Packer,
HoseaW.Parker, Isaac C.Parker, Pendleton. Perce,
Eli Perry, Porter, Prindle, Jiainev. Ellis H. Roberts,
William R. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers, Rusk, Sco-
field, Seeley. Shanks. Sheldon, Sherwood, Shober,
Shoemaker, Sloeurn. II. Boardman Smith. John A.
Smith, Snyder. R. Milton Speer. Thomas J. Speer,
Sprac-ue, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm. Stoughton,
Stowell, Swann. Sypher, Thomas,W a«hington Town-
send. Twichell, Tvner, UosoD.Van Trump.Voorhees,
"Waddel I, Wakeman, Walden, "Waidron, Wallace,
Walls. Washburn. Wells, Wheeler. Whitelc-y, Wil-
liams of Indiana, JeremiahM.Wilson, JohiiT.Wil-
son. and Wood—134.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Barber, Bird. Braxton,
Bright, Bare-hard, Caldwell, Campbell, Clarke. Co-
xuingo. Conner, Critcher, Crossland, Davis, DaBose,
Eldridge, Haudley, John T. Harris, Kerr, Lewis,
MeCormiek, Mclntyre, Palmer, Peek. Price, Read,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, Sessions,
Slater, TatFe, Terry, Whitcborue, Winchester, and
Young—36.
XOT YOTTXG—"\fessr«<. Ames. AverilJ, Barnum,
I5cek,Beveridgc, Bigby. Biggs. J.'ines G. Blair. James
Brook?, "Benjamin F. Butter, Roderick R. 33utler,
Carroll. CJoburn, Cotton, Darrall, Do Large, Dickey,
Duke. Bunnell. Echvarth, EHioU, LIv, Farnsworrh,
Farwell.Henry D. Foster, Wilder D.Foster. Garrett.
Ha!<\ Jials^y, liambleton. Hanks. Harper. Hooper,
Kellogg, Kendall. Lainison, Leaeh. MeGrcw, Me-
Hen ry.MeKinney, Mitch ell, M<>rey, Morgan. Leon aid
Myers, Orr, Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Piatt. Poland,
Potter. Randall, RooseveU. Sawyer, Shellabarger,
Sloes, Wortbington C. Smith, Snapp. Starkweather, I,
Strong. St. John. Sutherland. Dwi^bt Townsend,  j
Turner, Xuthill, Yaughan. "Warren, Wiilard, and j
Williams of New York—OS. j
So the bill was pa-^ed. j
Mr. HOAR moved to reconsider the vote by i
which the bill was passed: and also moved
that tlie motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that tbe committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act ('H. R. No. 487) making appropria-
tions for expenses that maybe incurred under
articles one to nine, inclusive, of the treaty
between the Lii^ed States and Great Britain,
concluded at Washington Mav 8. 1871: and
An act (II. It. No. making appropria-
tions for expense;] incurred under articles
twelve to Seventeen, inclusive, of the treaty
between the United States and Gr«at Britain,
eoncludcd at WaJiington May 8, 1871.
mate op absence
n The SPEAKER. The gentlem an from
Texas, Mr. Hkrndos, desires, on account
of engagements in reference to the contest of
his seat, to have leave ot absence until ^lafh
10,1872
There being no objection, leave was granted.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. AMES obtained leave to withdraw from
the files of the House the papers of Farnum
Flummer, for loss of (he brig Madeira.
Mr. SMITH, of Vermont, obtained leave to
withdraw papers now before the Committee
of Claims in the case of William Ives.
improper toting ix tiik house.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Rules be
directed to inquire and report to this House whether
any amendment of the rules is necessary to prevent
any member or person from responding or voting
when tbe names of absentees or other members arc
called: and also that they inquire and report; whether
any member of this House or other person has so
voted or responded, and the remedy for such impro-
priety.
fort berthold indian agency.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the
condition of the Indians of the Fort Berthold
agency in Dakota Territory, together with an
estimate for an appropriation of $40,000 for
the support of certain Indians; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
redemption op five-twenty bonds.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a
resolution of the House of the 19th instant in
relation to the amount redeemed of the twenty
million dollars of five-twenty bonds; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
indian schools in nebraska.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior in relation to an
appropriation for schools and school build-
ings for the benefit of the Sacs and Foxes
and other Indians in Nebraska: which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
indian claims.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, in relation to
the claims of certain citizens for depreda-
tions committed upon their property while they
were members of the Pottawattamie tribe of
Indians; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
internal revenue report.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the resolution from the Senate in regard to
printing the report of the Commissicner of
Internal Revenue, will be referred to the
Committee on Printing.
There was no objection, and the resolution
was accordingly referred.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. BARRY. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce and have passed at the present time
a bill removing the political disabilities of
certain persons in Mississippi. All the names
included in the bill are those of men who have
been elected to office. One of them has been
elected to our State Legislature, and cannot
take his seat unless his disabilities be removed.
The majority of those named in the bill are
Democrats: have been elected upon the
Democratic ticket in the State of Mississippi
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I object.
secretary of legation at st. petersburg.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented letters from the Secretary of Sta'e,
inclosing dispatches from the Ametican min-
ister at St. Petersburg in reference to the insuf
ficioncy of the salary of the secretary of legation
at St Petersburg, andnf the American consuls
in Russia: which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
printing of a petition.
Mr. SLATER. I ask unanimous consent to
have printed the memorial of J, M. Swift and i
others, citizens of Baker City. Oregon, praying
a grant of land 
Mr. IIOLMAN. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The House wiil meet to-
morrow as in Committee of the Whole for
debate only, no business whatever to be trans-
acted. The gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Moore] will occupy the chair.
The motion of Mr. Dawes was agreed to ;
and accordingly (at three o'clock and twenty
minutes p. m.j the House udjoarned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions. A:o., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMBLER : The petitions of David
McChiinaud 27 others, of Columbiana county.
Ohio, and of A. F. Matlack and "21 others, of
Jefferson county, Ohio, all Union soldiers,
praying for the passage of acts granting bonnty
lands and equalizing bounties in money to the
Union soldiers, sailors, and marines, in the
war for the suppression of the rebellion.
By Mr. AMES: The petition of James II.
Anthony and others, of Bristol County Savings
Bank of Taunton, Massachusetts, for repeal
of United States tax on deposits in savings
banks.
Also, the petition of trustees of the Abington
savings banks, for the repeal of United States
tax on savings banks.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of W. R. Smith, for relief.
By Mr. BUFF1NTON: The memorial of
Joseph M. Davis and 21 others, trustee* of
the Citizens' Savings Bank at Fall River, Mas-
sachusetts. praying for the repeal of the tax
on savings banks.
By Mr. CIIIPMAN: The petition of law
students and others, asking the use of the Saw
library of Congress hereafteruntil nine o'clock
p.m. of each day, except Sunday.
Also, the petition of the board of trustees of
the schools for colored children in Washing
ton and Georgetown, praying further k-g;~-
lation.
Bv Mr. EAMES: The petition of George
F. Thorp, of Cumberland. Rhode Island, for
an increase of pension.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of Ira
Buckman, jr.. for relief.
By Mr. ROGERS: The petition of M:«.
Susan A. Rogers and 125 others, against woman
suffrage.
Also, the petition of Julia Moifett, asking
for arrears of pension.
j IN SENATE.
| Thursday, December 21, ]m71.
' Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Ni;\v-
1 max. D. I).
, election of puksidh.nt pro tempore.
! The Secretary called the Semite to order
; and said: Senators. I am requited by the
I Vice President to read the following "c.im-
. munication:
j Vtri: PRt:''iDFN-T's CiiAMist.'t.
: W.*-,lIlXGruS, !h rr,,i',tr 1' , IVTi.
; ItEUtSnt: Plea-11 ■■i:ite to the Sesrite, .it th' open-
< ili£ ot it> osi to-day. that I >h.'lli be at>vi;r !onn
the c-h;u r. in order tliut a Pre&ub'tit i>t o t< • m.iy
' be ehoM-n.
I Re.-i>e< tiully, youis,
I Tr „ SCHFYl.KK L'of.V.YX.
! Hon. (!. Oni-H.\5r,
^ ,v'v I'aUc4 S(nt*h
Mr. SUMNEJI. Mr. Secretary, I semi to
the desk a resolution which I ask to have
j adopted.
the .sk'retuiy. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts otitic the following resolution, and
asks for it-> piesent consideration :
Ren>h-< <!. Thiit. in the ulwen of the V(-■Presi-
dent Hot!, il lviiv iJ. \\Tjto\v be. and lie hereby,
c!io-en Pre-,tdcm of this .Stnate pro temimrr.
The resolution was agreed to Han. con.
