206
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Ho. of .Reps.
Condition of the South—Mr. Waddell.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
original member of that committee who is a
native resident and Hepresentative of a State
affected by this report and the legislation on
which it is bas-ed, and therefore only I speak.
1 shall do so very plainly, because I feel very
deeply ; but I aln not weak enough to suppose
that anything I naay say will affect in tbe least
degree the action of the House ; I know that
if i should speak with tbe tongues of men and
of angels, and in the spirit, of heavenly charity,
and should produce proofs as strong as Holy
Writ, to show the disastrous effects of the estab-
lished policy of the Government toward my
unfortunate countrymen, my words would still
be but as sounding brass and a tinkling cymbal.
I am painfully sensible of the fact that south-
ern Representatives are powerless here, except
to the extent of their votes, and I know full
well bow (utile it is for one. of us to protest
against the grievous wrongs under which our
people have suffered and are suffering If we
bear witness to them we are discredited ; if we
denounce tbem we are accused of disloyalty;
silence concerning them is misconstrued into
acquiescence; approval and justification of
them open the only path to preferment. I
must not remain silent; 1 cannot approve them,
but in spite of the penalty I will bear witness
and I will denounce.
Congress passed a bill at the last session
entitled " An act to enforce the provisions of
the fourteenth amendment, and for other pur-
poses." The other and real purpose, as every
intelligent man in the country well knew, was
to make political capital for the Republican
party so as to carry the next presidential elec-
tion. It combined the two usual characteristics
of all legislation aimed at the Souih, namely,
bad motive and bald unconstitutionality. I
know that in these piping times of central-
ism the unconstitutionality of a measure is no
argument, against it; that the higher law of
party necessity controls; that States have
no rights, reserved or otherwise, against the
encroachments of the " central power," as
the court journal exultingly terms it, and I
only allude to that as an interesting feature of
the bill. The great object in passing it was
not to give the President power to crush out a
new rebellion, which "threatened the life of
the nation," but to rouse the passions and ex-
cite the fears of the northern people with the
pretense that such a conspiracy against the
Government, really existed, and thus to unite
them for the coming campaign. I have until
recently sometimes feared that that object has
been accomplished, because the perfect in-
difference, the utter insensibility exhibited
throughout the country in regard to acts of
absolute despotism committed by officers civil
and military, State and national, were difficult
to account for except upon that hypothesis.
Since the passage of the act occurrences which
a few years ago would have convulsed the
country have happened without producing at
the time a ripple upon the surface of public
opinion, and all the odium which rightfully
attached to them has been skillfully transferred
to blameless shoulders by those who are face-
tiously termed public servants.
Now, sir, I do not intend to occupy the atti-
tude which some gentlemen seem to think is
the appiopriate one for a southern Hepresent-
ative. I am not here as the defender of a
constituency of criminals. I have no excuses
or apologies to make for them, or for myself.
Whatever ray deficiencies of intellect or expe-
rience may be, I stand here unmuzzled, as
your peer, and speak for a constituency in
every respectequal to the proudest represented
here, and only distinguithed from it by sub'
lime fortitude under crushing and relentless
calamity and persecution. [ intend not to
palliate tbe falsely allegeiiofFenses of my coun-
trymen, not to regret that they do not enjoy
the peculiar civilization of other parts of the
country, with which they are continually and
offensively taunted; not to plead for clemency
to them, but to denounce the tyranny, the op-
pression, tbe wrong, and robbery which have
been practiced upon them for six years, and
which, becoming familiar as they have to the
American people, threaten to destroy the last
v.estige of constitutional liberty throughout
this land. And in the performance of this
duty i shall not minee my words.
Let it be understood, too, at the outset that
I speak not as a partisan, but as a represent-
ative of thousands of free-born American citi-
zens. I repudiate utterly, in this connection,
any interest whatever in any political party.
The southern people have ceased to be enthu-
siasts on that subject. It may be very proper
for gentlemen representing northern and west-
ern constituencies to become excited iu regard
to questions of finance, the tariff, civil service
reform, and the like; but all these things are
at this time matters of but little moment to
the people of the States purposely, falsely, and
insultingly called "insurrectionary."
We care nothing about your syndicates, or
high tariffs, or foreign relations, or Tammany
thefts, or custom-house frauds, or other such
questions, so long as you continue, as you have
done, to persecute and slander us,- to rob us of
our rightoflocal self-government, and to legis-
late in every way against our interests.
It seems that a certain class of persons (and
unfortunately a ruling class) will never relent
or cease to gratify their cowardly malice toward
the rained people of the South. They are,
fortunately lor tbe character of tbe American
people, not the class whose courage on the
battle-field shed honor upon the American
name. The hard-fighting soldiers and sailors
of the North, with rare exceptions, "have no
sympathy with this mean, malignant spirit,
and there has not been a day since 186-5 when
the people of the South would not willingly
have committed to their hands the settlement
of all.questions affecting the public welfare.
Even under all their afflictions, which the elo-
quent Senator from Missouri—himself once an
exile—has pronounced to be without a paral-
lel in modern times, they have promptly and
faithfully complied with every condition which
has been required of them. They religiously
abided by the terms of surrender demanded
by one whom they then regarded as a mag-
nanimous conqueror; notwithstanding their
loss of more than three billions of property,
their enforced repudiation of debts due to their
own people, and their utter impoverishment,
they were compelled to pay heavy taxes
without representation, one of which taxes,
amounting to $65,000,000 was imposed in vio-
lation of the Constitution ; they complied with
President Johnson's requirements, and after
starting their State governments again, they
were compelled to undo all their work and sub-
mit to the new requirements of Congress;
they were -reconstructed over and over again,
and were robbed with regularity by the horde
of rapacious rascals who were turned loose
on them ; they were humiliated and degraded
in countless ways, but they offered no resist-
ance-, and only kept up a struggle for bread.
And although this process has been going on
for more than six years, to tbe disgrace of the
country, and, (as- another Republican Senator
said,) to the disgrace of the civilization of the
age, there seems to be no disposition in our
rulers to change it, unless for the worse. A
leading Republican newspaper (the New York
Tribune) recently said that "the condition of
the southern States after six years of recon-
struction can only be described as pitiful."
Now, if this be true, and no one will doubt
it, where rests tbe responsibility for it? Who
did the reconstruction that produced it? Did
we after the war establish governments for
our own degradation and oppression, and organ-
ize the system of robbeiy of our own people
which has resulted ill the general bankruptcy
of those States? Did we organize the secret
societies called the "League," the "Heroes
of America," and the "lied Strings," which
began the system of intimidating voters by-
threats and scourgings, and sought revenge by
barn-burnings and murder? Did we commit
the crime of attempting to set the pyramid of
government on its apex instead of its base,
which my friend from Indiana [Mr. Voor-
hees] has so forcibly depicted? Did we put
on the bench and in other high places rene-
gade secessionists, whose highest ambition in
life seems to be to hunt down the very men
whom they led into resistance to the Federal
power? No, we did not; and yet all these
things and worse have happened to us.
The Republican party is responsible for all
the troubles which have befallen the southern
States since the war. They all resulted trom
the bad governments estabished and sustained
by that party. Frauds and villainies previously
unknown in the history of those Slates were
perpetrated by that party to such an extent as
to render disorder and crime inevitable; and
then, when the crimes and disorders naturally
followed, the virtuous and patriotic officehold-
ers raised the cry of "KuKlux," ''rtbellion,"
and "disloyalty."
Let me read you the language of an intelli-
gent Republican on that sunject. 1 quote from
a letter of H. H. Helper to Secreiary Bout-
well, dated March 28, 1871. After detailing
numerous acts of infamy committed by officers
in North Carolina, and after making an earn-
est appeal for reform in the Republican party,
Mr. Helper says:
" One of the greatest evils affecting society in
North Carolina may justly be set down to the in-
competent and worthless titate and Federal officials
now in power. Xliey are lor the most part peatiler-
ous ulccrs feeding upon the body-politic. They
should be cut down immediately, and lett to wither
and rot on the wayside of Republicanism, or else
Republicanism wilt be throttled to death by these
villainous rascals. If. is through these gentry that
the political sty in North Carolina has become so
very filthy. It needs to be cleansed by introducing
better men i to both Stale and federal position.
So far as JTederal places are concerned you have
power to act. Shall we have better men, through
whom the State may ba redeemed, orshall we dilly-
dally along, and thus permit the Republican party,
of which I am an uncompromising member lor
Republican principle ouly, to go down to irrevoc-
able defeat in 1872 with a majority of twenty thou-
sand ?
"One word more. Reconstruction for North Car-
olina, as carried out by Congress and the villainous
and incompetent State and Federal officials within
her borders, has proved a total failure. \Ynen tbe
historian comes to write the history of these evil
times, truth will impel him to declare that the Ku
Klux business of to-day grew out ot things com-
plained of in these statements.
" The only way to effectually rid the country of
these wicked midnight assassins is to first remove
the cause which brought them into existence, and
then apply rigid means for their swift extirpation."
This Ku Klux business has been a God-
send to that' party. It has enabled them to
make the cry "Stop thief" successful; it has
been skillfully used to divert attention from
their own crimes to the crimes of others nat-
urally following them; it has been grossly
magnified and misrepresented, bad as it was,
anil has been used entirely for paity purposes.
Now, sir, I do not hesitate to say that while I
have always in public and private denounced
Ku Kluxism, yet whea I consider the infam-
ously corrupt and tyrannical governments
which produced it, the wonder to me is that it
has not been much worse. I believe that if
the same provocations had existed in the north-
ern States, and particularly in New England,
which existed in the South, the ciitne and dis-
order would have been infinitely greater, and
to sustain the assertion 1 quote the language
of a northern newspaper, which, in comment-
ing upon this report, says:
" The North has been called phlegmatic. But
half the wrong endured here that is endured South
would plant a gallows at every cross roads,"
