1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
The Secretary. Mr. Anthony will please
take the chair.
Mr. ANTHONY thereupon took the chair
as President pro tempore.
Mr.SUMNER. I offer this resolution, which
I ask to have adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary wait upon the Presi-
dent of the United States and inform him thai, the
Senate has, in the absence of the Vice President,
chosen Hon. Henry Ii. Anthony, a Senator from
the State of Rhode Island, President of the Senate
pro tempore; and that he make a similar communi-
cation to the House of Representatives.
Theresolutionwaseonsidered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. KELLOGG-presented the memorial of
Samuel Jamison, of New Orleans, praying
compensation for property taken possession
of by order of Major General Butler while com-
manding the military forces at New Orleans,
Louisiana ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. LOGAN presented the petition of
George R. Naylor, a citizen of Quincy, Illi-
nois, praying for relief on account of military
services at Camp Quincy, Illinois; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
George F. Erwine and twenty-six other soldiers,
of Jefferson county, Ohio, praying for thepas-
sage of an act granting them equalization of
bounty and bounty land; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have a petition signed
by Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Isabella Beecher
Hooker, Elizabeth S. Bladen, Olympia Brown,
Susan B. Anthony, and Josephine S. Grilling,
setting forth that women are citizens of the
United States, and prayiug for the enactment
of a law during the present session of Congress
that shall protect them in the exercise of their
right to vote, as they claim ; and they ask also
in their own behalf and in behalf of others that
they may be heard upon this memorial before
the Senate and House of Representatives, set-
ting forth that they are not represented in
either branch of Congress, and that it is proper
they should have an opportunity of being heard
by the Senate and House in aid of the right
which they claim in their petition. I move its
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Anna J. Lamberton, of Clinton county, New
York, praying for arrears of pension on ac-
count of the loss of her son in the service of
the United States; which was referred to the
Committee 011 Pensions.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky, it
was
Ordered, That papers relating to the claim of J.
It. I). Morrison, one of the sufferers by the raid on
Washington in 1864, 011 the files of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. SPENCER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in tho case
of Sarah Barry, of Tennessee, be taken from the
tiles of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
reports of committees.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom were referred
House bill No. 774 and House bill No. 777,
being simply two bills to establish certain post
roads and nothing else, have instructed me to
report them back without amendment, and to
ask for their immediate consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota asks unanimous consent
for the immediate consideration of the follow-
ing bills—■—
Mr. SUMNER. I think we had better go
through with the morning business first. As
soon as that is disposed of, I shall have 110
objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. - Objection
being made, the bills will be placed upon the
Calendar.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Sarah Sarvant, praying for arrears of pension,
asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration ; which was agreed to ; and he sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon, which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of John G.
Wicks, late private company L, eighth New
York artillery, praying that a pension may be
granted to him, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed
to; andhe submittedan adverse report thereon,
which was ordered to be printed.
civil service reform.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a concurrent resolution from the House of
Representatives yesterday for the printing of
twenty-five thousand copies of the President's
message in regard to civil service reform, and
the accompanying documents, to report it back
without amendment and recommend its pas-
sage, and I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution :
llesolved, (the Senate concurring.) That there be
printed twenty-live thousand copies of the Presi-
dent's message and accompanying documents, relat-
ing to civil service reform; fourteen thousand for the
use of the House, seven thousand for the Senate,
and four thousand for tho Executive.
The resolution was concurred in.
Mr. CASSERLY. Before that concurrent
resolution came in yesterday the Senate had
passed a resolution for the printing of a cer-
tain number of tho same document. I ask
unanimous consent to reconsider that resolu-
tion, and have it laid on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California moves that the resolution
passed yesterday by the Senate for the printing
of the same document be rescinded.
The motion was agreed to.
report of librarian of congress.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am instructed by the
same committee to report a resolution in favor
of printing five hundred copies of the last an-
nual report of the Librarian of Congress, with
proper paper covers, for the use of the Library.
The cost will be very small, I am informed,
not to exceed twenty dollars. I ask for its
present consideration.
There being 110 objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution :
Ordered, That there be printed five hundred addi-
tional copies of the annual report of the Librarian
of Congress, for the use of the Library.
The resolution was agreed to.
one t13rm for president.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, in pursu-
ance of notice already given, I ask leave to
introduce a joint resolution proposing an
amendment of the Constitution confining the
President to one term. In introducing this
amendment I content myself with a brief
remark.
This is the era of civil service reform, and
the President of the United States in formal
message has already called our attention to the
important subject and made recommendations
with regard to it. It may be remembered that
I hailed that message at once as it was read
from the desk. I forbore then to observe that
I missed one recommendation, a very import-
ant recommendation, without which all the
other recommendations, I fear, may be futile.
I missed a recommendation in conlormity with
the best precedents of our history and with the
opinions of illustrious men, that the Coustitu
tion be amended so as to confine the President
to one term.
Sir, that is the initial point of civil service
reform; that is the first stage in the great
reform. The scheme of the President is the
play of Hamlet without Ilamlet. I piopose
by the amendment that I offer to see that
Hamlet is brought into the play. I send the
resolution to the Chair.
Leave was granted to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 4) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution confining the President to
one term, which was read the first time by its
title.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to ask my
friend from Massachusetts if he proposes to
postpone the play of Hamlet—civil service
reform—until he can amend the Constitution
of the United States in this way?
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all: but I propose
to introduce Hamlet into the play.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then the Senator will
not have the play of civil service reform until
he can get the Constitution amended.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don. 1 wish both and at once. The Senator
knows full well that ill order to bring about an
amendment to the Constitution we must begin
promptly.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will take about six
years to do it.
Mr. SUMNER. So the Senator thinks.
Six months ought to be enough.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to have that
paper read for the information of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution will be read at length.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Joint resolution proposing an amendment of the
Constitution, confining the President to one teiin.
"Whereas for many years there has been an in-
creasing conviction among the poo pie without dis-
tinction of party, that one wielding the vast patron-
age of the President, should not be a candidate tor
reelection, and this conviction has found expre ,siou
in the solemn warnings ot illustrious citizens, and
in repeated propositions for an amendment of the
Constitution confining the President to one teiin;
Whereas Andrew Jackson was so lully impressed
by the peril to republican institutions irom the temp-
tations acting on a President, who wielding the vast
patronage of his office, is a candidate for reelection,
that, in his first annual message, he called atten-
tion to it; that, in his second annual message, after
setting forth the design of the Constitution " u>
secure the independence of each department ot Gov-
ernment, and promote the healthful and equitable
administration of all the trusts which it has created."
ho did not hesitate to say, " the agent most likely I ■
contravene this design of the Constitution is tho
Chief Magistrate," and then proceeded to declare,
"In order particularly, that this appointment nuii.
as far as possible, be placed beyoud the reach of any
improper influences; in orderthatlie may appioa,oh
the solemn responsibilities of the highest office—the
gift of a free people uncommitted to any other course
than the strict line of constitutional duty ; and 1 hat
the securities for this independence may berendered
as strong as the nature ot power and the weakness ot
its possessor will admit, Icannot too earnestly invite
your attention to the propriety of promoting sucn
amendments of the Constitution as_ will render him
ineligible after one term ot" service," and then,
again, in his third annual message, the same Pres-
ident renewed this patriotic appeal;
Whereas William Henry Harrison, following in the
footsteps of Andrew Jackson, felt it a primary duty,
in accepting his nomination as President, to assert
the One-Term principle in these explicit words:
"Among the principles proper to be adopted by an
Executive sincerely desiring torostorfit.hu Adminis-
tration to its original simplicity and purity, I deem
the following of importance: first, to confine lib
services to a single term;" and, then._ in_ public
speech during the canvass, which ended in bis elec-
tion, declared, " If the privilege of being President
of the United States had been limited to one term,
the incumbent would devote all his time to the pub-
lic interest, and there would be 110 cause to misi u!o
the country," and he concluded by pledginghtniselt
" before Heaven and eaith, it' elected Pre-,ulcnt of
the United States, to lay down at tho end ot t lie term
faithfully, that high trust at tho feet of the people ; "
Whereas Henry Clay, though diffoiing much from
Andrew J ac-kson, united with hiiu on the One-Term
principle, and publicly enforced it in a speech, June
27, 1810, where, after asking for " a provision to 1 cin-
der a person ineligible t> the office of Prc.-ident of
the United States after service of one term,'] he
explained tho necessity of thy amendment by saying.
"Much observation and deliberate reflection have
satisfied mo that too much of tho time, the thoughts,
and the exertions, of the incumbent, aie ocoupkd
daring the first term in securing his reelection, lhe
public business consequently suffers:" and then,
again, in a letter dated September 13.1S12. wtiilo
setting forth what lie calls "principal objects en-
gaging the common desire: and common cxinuon 01
the Whig pal ty," the same statesman specifies. -An
amendment, to the Constitution, limiting the incum-
bent of the Presidential office 10 a single tcim :
Whereas the Whig party in its National Conven-
tion at Baltimore, May 1, 1841, nominated iieni'y
