260
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
Clay as President, and Theodore Frelinghuysen as
Vice President, with a platform where " a singlo
term for the Presidency" is declared to be among
"the great principles of the Whig party; principles
inseparable from tho public honor and prosperity,
to be maintained and advanced by the election of
these candidateswhich declaration was echoed at
a.n immense meeting in Monumentsquare, addressed
by Daniel Webster, where it was resolved that " the
limitation of a President to a single term" was
among the objects ' for which the Whig party will
unceasingly strive until their efforts are crowned
with a signal and triumphant success;"
Whereas in tho same spirit and in harmony with
these authorities, another statesman, Benjamin F.
1 Wade, at the close of his long service in the Senate,
most earnestly urged an amendtnent.of the Consti-
tution confining the President to one terra, nnd in
his speech on that, occasion. February 2f>, 1806, said.
"Tile offering of this resolution i« no new impulse
of mine, fori have been an advocate of the principle
contained in it for many years, and I have derived
the strong impressions which I entertain on the sub-
ject from a very careful observation of the workings
of our Government during the period that I have
been an observer of them. I believe it has been
very r-ire that wehavebeen ahle toeleetaPresident
of the United States who has not been tempted to
use the vast powers intrusted to him according to
his own opinions to advance his reelection;" and
then after exposing at length the necessity of this
■ amendment, the veteran Senator further declared,
"There are defects in the Constitution,and this is
among tho most Blaring. All men nave seen it, and
now let us have the nerve, let us have the resolution
to come up and apply the remedy:"
Whereas the?e testimonies, revealing intense and
widespread convictions^ of the American people,
are reinforoed by tho friendly observations of De
T'jcqueville, the remarkable Frenchman., to whom
our country is under such great and lasting obliga-
tions in his famous work, on Democracy in America,
where he ■-:■ y-, in words of singular clearness and
force, "Intrigue anl corruption are vices natural
to elective trovernraents. But when the chief of the
Government can be reelected, those vices extend
indefinitely and compromise even the existence of
the country. When asimple candidate seeks success
by intrigue, his maneuvers can operate only over a
eheumpcribed spaee. When ontbeeontrary thechief
of the Government himselfenters the ranks of can-
didates. he borrows for his own proper use the force
of the Government. In the first case, it is one man
with hi-i feeble mean*; in the second, it is the Gov-
ernment itself with its immense resources, which in-
trigues and corrupts;" and then, again, the same
gre.it writer, who had studied our country so closely,
testifies: " It is impossible to consider the ordinary
course of aft airs in the United States without per-
ceiving that the desire to bereeleeceddominates the
thoughts of the President; that all the policy of his
Administration tends ro this point; that his least
movement are subordinated to this object; that in
proportion as the moment of crisis approaches, indi-
vidual interest substitutes itself in his mind for the
general interest;"
Whureasall these concurring voices, where patriot-
ism, experience, and reason bear testimony, have
additional value at a moment when the country is
looking anxiously to a reform of the civil service,
for the plain reason, that the peril from the Chief
Magistrate, so long as he is exposed to temptation,
surpasses that from any other quarter, and thus the
first stage in this much-desired reform is the One-
Term principle, to tho end that the President, who
exercises^ tile appointing power, reaching into all
parts of the country and holding in subordination a
multitudinous army of office-holders, shall be abso-
lutely without motive or inducement to employ it
fur any other purpose than the public good;
And whereas the character of Republican Insti-
tutions requires that tho Chief Jlasristrate shall be
above all suspicion of using the machinery of which
he is the official head to promote his own personal
aims; Therefore.
Be it resolved by the Senate and Hnme of Repreient-
a'Avei, A'y:.. That the following article is hereby pro-
nosed ^as an amendment to the Constitution of the
united States, and when ratified by the Legislatures
of three fourths of the several States, shall be valid to
aii intents and purposes, as partof the Constitution;
to wit:
Article —.
Sec. 1. ixo person who has once held the office of
President of the United States shall bo thereafter
eligible to that office.
Sue. 2. This amendment shall not take effectuntil
after the 4t.h ALarch, 1873.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not ask to-day for
the second reading of the resolution. I con-
tent myself with asking that itbe printed. The
Senate will observe that if adopted it is not to
gojnto operation until after the 4th of March,
Ib,u. So it is certainly redeemed from any
possible question arising from the partialities
of any Senator for any candidate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts asks that the joint
resolution be printed and lie on the table.
That order wilt be entered,
.Mr. T1JURMAN. Does the Senator desire
to have the resolution referred to any com-
mittee V
Mr. SUMNER. Not at present. It has
had one reading to-day.
mail contracts.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask leave to introduce
a bill without previous notice, and I crave the
indulgence of the Senate while three or four
sections of the bill are read, and I desire also
to say a word or two in explanation of the
provisions of the bill. They are very practi-
cal. and require immediate attention.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 425) relating^ to
proposals and contracts for the transportation
of the mails, and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. KELLOGG. I now desire to have the
portion of the bill that I have marked read
in exlenso.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 1. Be it enacted, That any person or per-
sons bidding forthetransportation of themails upon
any route which may be advertised to be let. and I
receiving an award of the contract for such service, |
who shall refuse or fail to'enter into contract with I
the Postmaster General in due form and perform j
the service described in his or their bid or proposal, j
or who shall withdraw, or attempt to withdraw, after 1
the day appointed for the opening thereof, any bid \
or proposal he or they mav have made for suoh ser- I
vice, shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed guilty 1
of a misdemeanor, and be punished by a fine not '
exceeding   dollars, and by imprisonment not I
exceeding months. j
Skc. 2. That no bidder for carrying the mails shall i
be released from his obligation under his bid or ;
proposal, notwithstanding an award made ^to a !
lower bidder, until a con tract for the designated ser- j
vice shall have been duly signed by such lower bid- 1
der and accepted and the service entered upon and \
performed by the contractor to the satisfaction of |
the Postmaster General. ;
Sec. 3. That the Postmaster General shall have i
power to reject bids for mail service which .-Iriil '
appear to him, upon due investigation, to be fraud- 1
ulentor fictitious. i
Sec. 4. That after a regular bidder or contractor !
shall have failed either to enter into contract, or fo
fulfill his contract when made, the Postmaster Gen-
eral shall proceed to contracton the best obtainable
terms with any responsible party, whether a bidder
or not, for the performance of the service for the
residue of the contract term, or any part thereof.
Sec. 5. That the provision of the fourth section of
the act of March 3,1871, requiring certified checks
or drafts to accompany bids, be so amended as to fix
the amount of the certified check or draft to accom-
pany bids for service on each route at five per cent,
of the last regular contract price per annum on said
route where the contract price exceeded &-5,0&e.
Mr. KELLOGG. I stated that that was a
piaeticai bill, and one that I thought required
immediate attention. It is intended to cor-
rect an abuse that has obtained considerable
magnitude, especially in the South. Every one
knows that the war swept away all the mail
service of the South. The reestablishment of
that service has been a work at once difficult-
and delicate. But, sir. in the southern States,
especially in the southwestern States, embrac-
ing the State that 1 have the honor in part to
represent, perhaps, to a greater extent than any
other State in the South, this difficulty ha3
grown to be so formidable, the business is in
the hands of parties who are so adroit, who
have formed a combination so effective, as
practically to set at defiance ail the require-
ments and safeguards of the law, to defy the
Post Office Department, and virtually compel
the Postmaster General to give the mail ser-
vice of those States to contractors who apply
for it, not as contractors for a term of years
under the old law of 1888, but for a few
months, temporary service, at an exorbitant
price.
This can be obviated in no other way than
by some such law as this, stringent as i ftdmit
it to be in its provisions and rather extraor-
dinary in some respects. It is intended to
obviate this difficulty, and cut oiF the efforts
of these two classes to plunder the Treasury. |i
One is the contractor who really intends to j|
carry the mail if be can get the award, and the ij
other is the intermediary or middleman, the p
straw-bidder as he is sometimes termed, who i
puts his bid upon tile, makes his application !'
determined to procure the award simply be- i'
eausc it is below a paying figure, so fo speak, i
and then, having received tho award, compel i,
the contractor to bay him out. This bill pro-
poses fo remove that dillieulty.
I hope my friend from Minnesota, the chair-
man of thePost Office Committee, [Mr. JUm*
sky,] will see that this measure ia pressed
to a speedy consummation, for it ia very im-
portant to us at the South. Let me illustrate
the state of things it seeks to reach. Some-
what over a year ago, as is provided under the
old law and as has been the practice for over
thirty years, tinder the act of 1880, the Post
master General advertised for mail service, at
considerable expense to the Government. The
bids were opened in May and June last. On
the 1st of July the awards were made, and the
result was that nine tenths of the bidders who
received contracts, when they were required to
do the service, werem default. Then the Post
master General was compelled to readvertise,
and let out this mail service to temporary con-
tractors at an exorbitant price. He appealed
to the Attorney General, and the Attorney
General decided that under the law of 183G as it
exists on the statute-book, the Postmaster Gen-
eral had no discretion in the premises, but
was absolutely compelled and restricted to
accept the lowest bidder or resort to tempo-
rary service. The lowest bidder having been
in default, he was compelled thus to resort to
temporary service. He advertised again, as
that was his only resource. On the 1st of
November, or thereabout, the bids were again
opened, when it was found there were one
hundred and ninety defaults, and only two
of those awarded contracts were buna fide bid-
ders, the rest were straw-bidders. He adver-
tised under the law of Congress passed in
March, which provided what was supposed to be
a salutary and sufficient safeguard, that a cer-
tified check of five percent, ot the amount pro-
posed as compensation for carrying the mail,
where the amount was over $5,0U0, should be
deposited with the bid as evidence of the good
faith of the bidder; but the fact was shown
tobe that, withtwo or three exceptions, alt who
made propositions as straw-bidders put in
their bids at a less amount than $5,000, thus
avoiding that provision of the law.
This temporary service expires on the 1st
day of January, within a few days. Then tiie
Postmaster General must advertise again.
There is no way of obviating this difficulty ex-
cept by the passage of a bill with stringent
requirements, like this or something similar ;
first, make it a misdemeanor for any man to
submit a proposition to perform the mail ser-
vice unless he in good faith makes that pro-
posal, ai.d unless when the award is made to
him he carries it out in good faith j and sec-
ond, give the Postmaster General the right, in
the event of a bid being manifestly fraudulent
and fictitious, to reject it and award the s *r\ ice
to any man who will carry the mail efficiently
and effectively and perform the service as it
ought to be performed, at the lowest possible
price, whether he be a bidder or not. And
more than that, the five per cent, that is to
accompany the bid in a certified cheek of the
bidder, which the present law, passed in March
last, provides shall be deposited where the
amount of the bid is over §5,000, should not be
five per cent, on amounts over $->,0uo, but five
per cent, of the last regular contrac* price for
which the service has been performed.
This is a matter of a good deal of import-
ance. It is practical and demands immediate
action. When I hear on ail sides suggestions for
" reform." and for "(.topping the leaks in the
Treasury." 1 respeetfiiilysubmit this bill fur the
consideration of the Senate, and especially for
the consideration of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post lioads. It should h ive been
acted upon before, because, this evil eon Id have
been eradicated, and then this exorbi'anl and
temporary service would not have been com-
pelled to be continued by tho Pos'mixter Gen-
eral alier the 1st of January. Thus a leak of
hundreds of thousands of dollnra in five or six
States alone could have been stormed.
