1156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
February 21,
Mr. CONKLING. I ask to have the amend-
ment reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
•was after the word ''parties," in the sixth
line of the resolution, to insert the following
words:
And that said committee also inquire and report
whether any member of the Senate, or any other
American citizen, is or has been in communication
or ooliusioa with the Government or authorities of
France, or with any emissary or spy thereof, in
reference to the said matter.
Mr. CONKL1NG. The Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Schckz] called attention to the
employment of the word " spy." I had yes-
terday in my hands and loaned to the Senator
a copy of the amendment on which I had made
a note in pencil. The Senator has it not in
hand, and I have not the amendment before
me. I have no objection at all to omitting the
word " spy" if the Senator thinks that word
imports offense to anybody. It is the sub-
stance, and not the form, which I want to
get at.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the Senate acts on
the omission proposed by the Senator from
New York 
Mr. CONKLING. I do not propose any
omission, Mr. President. I merely express
my willingness to give my assent to it if any-
body wishes it.
Mr. SUMNER. On the assent which the
Senator from New York vouchsafes to an
amendment, I wish to call the attention of the
Senate to the meaning of that amendment. It
implies that certain Senators have had deal-
ings with a French spy or emissary. The lan-
guage is:
And that said committee also inquire and report
whether any member of the Senate, or any other
American oitizen, is or has been in communication
or collusion with the Government or authorities
of Prance, or with any omissary or spy thereof, in
reference to the said matter.
Now, I wish the Senate to see the legal pre-
cision of this amendment. "Any emissary or
spy thereof." I do not wish to invite the
Senate to any very learned inquiry, but I hold
in my hand a work of authority, Vattel on the
Law of Nations, and with your permission,
sir, I will read you his definition of "spy:"
" The employment of spies is a kind of clandestine
practice or deceit in war."
Mark that, Mr. President, not in peace.
"Theso find means to insinuate themselves among
the onemy."
Mark that; "among the enemy
"in ordor to discover tho stato of his affairs, to
pry into his designs, and then give intelligence to
their employer. Spies are generally condemned to
.capital punishment, and with great justice, since we
*have scarcely any other moans of guarding against
tho mischief they may do us. Fortius reason, a man
of honor, who is unwilling to expose himself to an
■ ignominious death from the hands of a common exe-
cutioner, over declines serving as a spy; and, more-
over, ho looks upon tho office as unworthy of him,
heoause it cannot be performed without some degree
of treachery."
That is pretty strong, sir. Spies are gen-
erally condemned to capital punishment. So,
sir, if we have one here, if there is really a
French spy, the halter must follow. That is
the law. I might go further. The authorities
are complete. Here is our own, Halleek on
International Law:
" Tho employment of spies is considered a kind of
olandestino practice aud deceit ia war, allowable by
its rules."
Are we in war, sir? War with Prance?
Have we a French spy among us ?
There is another term employed; it is "em-
issary." The Senate need only to goto a simple
dictionary; I will not go to a law-book or any
work on the law of nations, but I take what I
think is the best authority,, Worcester's large
dictionary, and I turn to "emissary." This
is what he says :
"'Emissary' and 'spy'are terms applied to per-
sons sent out by a Government to an enemy's coun-
try for hostile purposes. Au emissary, whose office
is the less dishonorable of the two, acts openly, but
endeavors to influence the councils of the enemy, to
sow seeds of dissension. A spy is concealed and en-
deavors to get information that may be useful to his
employers."
Why, sir, that is in a commpn dictionary;
and yet the Senate is asked to adopt a propo-
sition which shall practically assert that wea,re
in hostile relations with France, that France
at this moment has here in Washington a spy,
which can be only in time of war. Such au,
assertion not only implies ignorance of lan-
guage. but it is an insult to a friendly Power.
Mr! CONKLING. Mr. President, it is
always a pleasure to agree wit& the Senator
from Massachusetts when he is,right, and he
is often right. Therefore I will try to_ agree
even in the satisfaction hp seems^o feelii} say-
ing that the preparation of the amendment-
proves igporance eyen pf language.. Cer-
tainly I make no pretension to equal th'e Sen-
ator in knowledge of laBguage, nor the value
he sets on phrases and words. I seek things,
not words; and I have before said to the Sen-
ate that I drew the amendment in haste with-
out the statute before me, without having
recently referred to the statute, and without
aiming at form. Had the act of Congress been
before me I should have borrowed it& terms, as
I will now borrow them. I do not ask to
modify my amendment, because the yeas and
and nays having been ordered it would be in
the power of any Senator to object, but I
move to strike from the amendment the words
"emissary or spy," and insert in lieu the
words employed in the statute, " agent or
officer."
I will say to the Senator, however, that I
make this motion and accept his criticism,
though I think full answer might be made to
the reasons on which he has chosen to plant
himself. I will not wage discussion with him,
because I repeat I am after things not words,
and I propose to investigate when proper
occasion arises any facts, wherever those facts
may lead, and in so doing to hew to the line,
no matter where the chips fly.
And, Mr. President, just here I cannot re-
frain from commenting upon the somewhat airy-
exhibition made by the Senator from Missouri
yesterday. I believe it is parliamentary to
speak of that exhibition as being "airy." The
honorable Senator said that I could not frighten
him; that he could not be intimidated. He
reminded us that he had stood on the perilous
edge of battle.
Mr. SCHURZ. No.
Mr. CONKLING. He did not use those
words; but he said he had trod the field in the
presence of a thousand men and his heart had
not quailed.,
Mr. SCHURZ. I did not say any sueh thing.
Mr. CONKLING. Did not thd Senator
say that ?
Mr. SCHURZ. No, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Who shall report him
correctly ? And how many men did he say
he had fronted ?
Mr. SCHURZ. Shall I tell the Senator
what I said ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from New York*.yield to the Senatorfrom
Missouri ?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. I said that on the paths of
duty which I had followed I had met more
dangerous men than the Senator from New
York, and if there were a thousand of them
my heart would not quail.
Mr. CONKLING. Not so sotto voce. What
was that last remark ?
Mr. SCHURZ. And that if there were a
thousand of them my heart would not quail.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator did not say only that. I appeal from the
Senator to the Senate. The Senator made a
flourish which raised a titter in the galleries ;
it could not have escaped attention, and I
appeal from the Senator to Senators who hear
me when I say that he varies his statement
now. I do not take issue with him upon the
phrase "paths of duty;" he may have used
those words. But he said that he had stood
in the presence of men more dangerous than
the Sejiatoj; he referred to, and he had stood
in the presence of either a hundred or a thou-
sands them, and his heart had not quailed.
That was the statement with which lie backed
his vaunting that I could not intimidate him,
or deter him from doing his duty b^my amend-
ment. Who ever thought of scaring him, or
of putting him in fear ? Did he believe the
amendment was meant to terrify him, whether
he be timid or bold?
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, I repeat to .
the Senator now that my exact language was
this, and I remember it very distinctly: that
on the paths of duty I bad walked I had met
men more dangerous than the Senator, and if
there were a thousand of them my heart would
not quaih Th%t is what I said. [Applause
in the gallery.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Order!
Mr. CONKLING- Mr. President, personal
courage, if it be true, does not blurt or swag-
ger ; personal courage is not froth; and men
eminent for the intrepidity and boldness of
their character do not strut or perch them-
selves upon an eminence and boast of it,
especially where it is not challenged. I have
no wish, far from it, to put my courage or my
dangerous capacities in hopeless competition
with those of the distinguished Senator. I
thought that far, very far fetched, and cheap
indeed was the attempt to convince the gal-
leries that the amendment was intended to in-
timidate the Senator or to shock or overcome
his personal courage. Equally far-fetched
was the attempt to insinuate that any want of
personal courtesy attended the offer of this
amendment. Equally preposterous was the
assumption of the Senator that he stood too
high to make it proper that Investigation
should ascend to him.
I am not sura that it would be becoming in
any member of this body to assume that an
investigation would be improper or audacious
because it might reach him. If there be any
member who might properly put on such airs,
it is not that member who came here with the
language of insinuation—I will not say of cow-
ardly insinuation, because it would not be par-
liamentary—but who came here to insinuate
that the President of the United States, the
first officer of the Republic, had drabbled the
robes of his great office in the nasty mire of
personal corruption. That honorable Senator
ventured such an imputation. It lies before
me in the Democratic print, the pamphlet
which has gone to instruct the Democracy of
New Hampshire. Mr. President, a Senator
who with no reason to believe it to be true,
and with every reason to know it to be false,
ventured to cast such an imputation upon the
first officer of the Government and to demand
his investigation, should not quiver or "quail"
if the hand of investigation points to "members
of the Senate or to him. He must not show
the agitation or temper exhibited by the Sena-
tor yesterday, unless he wishes men to say tha,t
it is the hit and wounded bird that flutters.
[Manifestations of applause in the galleries.]
If he is conscious of no wrong, he need not
assume that investigation means him, and he
need not exclaim that he '' scorns "the amend-
ment.
The honorable Senator purged himself in
advance swiftly. He sought to make the arrow
fiance which he thinks is aimed at him. Mr.
'resident, if any member.of this body, in the
hot chase of personal vengeance, in the devi-
ous progress of party or political secession or
infidelity, in the ambition of party ruin of
which he longs to bo the chief architect, has
violated the law or overleaped propriety or
patriotism, or if such seems to be the case, I
trust that as long as I am honored with a seat
here I shall have the independence and integ-
rity to move investigation and to vote for it.
No striking of attitudes, no threats of offense
will stand in the way. In all such cases I
shall, I trust, act from some sense of duty
and responsibility, and not from the moan and
