1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
llST
groveling motives which seem to rise in some
minds as the only springs of human action,
and which I fling back to those who suggest
them.
I did not intend, Mr. President, at this time
to be led even into this brief episode. The
honorable Senator from Missouri chose yester-
day to make remarks touching other topics, to
make insinuations offensive and unfounded;
and to those insinuations, if I have a thing to
say, I will fit it with a better time. There may
come a time when without blocking the busi-
ness of the Senate it may be convenient to
answer the remarks which that honorable Sen-
ator chose to make. Seeking no controversy
with him, and wishing none, but declining none
which he will force upon me, I will take some
occasion, perhaps, to say something in answer
to the Senator; and when the time comes I
will do it with as much composure and firm-
ness as I may be able to command, after the
somewhat frisky and portentous proclamation
he has made, not only of his courage, of his
lack of all fear, but of his prowess in those
dangerous qualities, as I tliink he called them,
of which it would be prudent to take notice.
Now, I msve, if my motion has not been
formally entered, to strike from the last line
of the amendment the words "emissary or
spy " and to insert in lieu " agent or officer,"
these being the words in the law before me.
Mr. SCHUftZ. Mr. President, the Senator
from New York takes great pains in assuring
the Senate that he did not intend to make any
personal attacks to-day ; that he did not wish a
personal controversy with me. It seems to me
that those who listened to his speech day before
yesterday and to his remarks now must have
come to the conclusion that his acts corre-
spond very little with his intentions. If I did
and said anything yesterday that looked like
strutting, then I most sincerely beg the Sen-
ate's pardon : for I certainly do not want to
cncroaeh upon the exclusive privileges of my
honorable and distinguished associate from
New York. [Laughter and applause in the
galleries.] It' I did and said anything that
looked like boasting, let me assure you, sir,
that it was not the remark that "even if 1
met a thousand of his kind I would not quail,"
for I would not consider that a striking demon-
stration of courage. [Laughter.]
But the Senator leveled one shaft at me
which, to judge from the magnificence with
which he propelled it, and from the fearful
pomposity of his looks, he deemed absolutely
crushing. It was when he said that one day
I had come upon the floor of the Senate and
had dared to throw out an insinuation against
the Chief of this Republic, as to his being
connected with some very questionable prac-
tices in New York. Sir, let me say to the
Senator and to the country that by the state-
ments I then made I am willing to stand
to-day, whether the Senator from New York
calls them an insinuation or not; and for his
especial benefit I will repeat them, and I dare
say that recent developments have confirmed
the truth of what I stated. What did I say?
I said that there was a system of robbery
going on at New York known as the general-
order business. I said that the general-ordsr
business had been described as such in the
report of the committee of this body which
had by its orders investigated it. I said that
the merchants of New York had protested
against it. I said that a commission sent by
the Secretary of the Treasury had investigated
it, and reported against it. And now I declare
that the system, in its naked deformity, and
in a far more glaring light than any yet shed
upon it, has been exhibited to the eyes of the
country once more by the investigation that
has just taken place.
The conclusion I drew was this: that when
the public opinion of the mercantile commun-
ity denounced so scandalous an abuse ; when
the Secretary of the Treasury had it invest-
igated and reported against it; when a com-
mittee of the Senate had done the same and
it was still maintained, then there must be a
power Stronger than public opinion, stronger
than the committees of the Senate, stronger
than the Secretary of the Treasury to sustain
it; and what I said then I repeat to-day. Will
the Senator gainsay it? That is the language
I then used; that is the insinuation I then
threw out. If the Senator from New York
can say that the logic is bad, let him speak.
If the Senator from New York can say that
my statement of facts is faulty, let him speak.
If he can say that my conclusions are unjust-
ifiable, let him speak. But if he cannot do
that, by what right does he stand up here im-
puting to me a desire of throwing an imputa-
tion against the Chief of the Republic, when
I only spoke of facts open to the gaze of the
whole world, and drew conclusions from which
no sane man can escape?
Let me tell him that the people have their
eyes open; they see what is going on, and they
have minds clear enough to form their own
judgment. Let me tell him that the people
appreciate the efforts of those who have had
the boldness to face those in power, and that
those who think that by magnificent eloquence
they can cover up the abuses which are per-
vading the public service, however clear they
may lay before the eyes of the world, will
find themselves grievously disappointed. Thus
much as to the insinuations thrown by myself
against the Chief of this Republic.
Now, sir, as far as my personal relations to
the Senator from New York, or to any Sena-
tor, are concerned, let me say that there is
probably not a member of this body who in
all his utterances has preserved a more uniform
courtesy and kindness to eVery Senator on
this floor than I; that when I was provoked
into remarks which may have been considered
personal, certainly the provocation was so
great that a man of spirit could not resist it.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, do not
let us "darken counsel with words." There
is an issue between the Senator from Missouri
and myself. He understands it; so do I; let
the Senate understand it also. Among the
many kinds of genius possessed by the Sen-
ator is genius as a reporter, and that genius
rises highest when he reports himself. He
has taken occasion to correct, as they stand
recorded, and I presume revised by himself,
in the Globe, repeated statements made daring
the debate. Indeed it is impossible to remem-
ber and difficult to read language used by the
Senator in this debate which he does not rise
to alter or to diminish or increase. A long
and diluted repetition has been made by the
Senator of the statement formerly made by
him to which I referred. Here is the state-
ment ; I mean to read it and expose its mean-
ing, and then to characterize it as far as the
rules of this body give me a right to do so. I
read the Senator's latigOage:
" It was intimated by some of the witnesses that
Mr. Leet, who pockets the enormous profits arising
from that business, had some connection with the
White House; hut General Porter was examined,
Mr. Leet himself Was examined, and they both tes-
tified that it was not so, and counting the number of
the witnesses we have no right to form a different
conclusion. But the fact remains that this scandal-
ous system of robbery is sustained, is sustained
against the voice of the merchants of New York, ia
sustainedagaipst the judgment and the voice of Ule
Secretary of the Treasury himself. I ask you, how
is it sustained? Where and what is the mysterious
power that sustains it? The conclusion is inevita-
ble that it is a power stronger than decent respect
for public opinion, nay, a power stronger than the
Secretary of the Treasury himself."
What does that mean? First of all, "count-
ing the number of the witnesses." Heard
you ever of that mode of weighing testimony ?
Witnesses are weighed, and not counted;
but, says the Senator, "counting the number
of witnesses" we have no-right to form a
different conclusion. That is the reason, the
only reason, the only barrier that stands be-
tween the Executive and conviction of official
guilt—"the number of witnesses"—a- state-
ment in itself'untrue, as the record will
show, because but two witnesses had insinu-
ated any sueh thing, and they had both de-
clared that they knew nothing on the subject,
nothing to warrant them in making sueh a
statement; but two witnesses had testified to
the contrary.
Therefore the statement as to the number
of witnesses is unfounded, doubly unfounded.
There was no proof in a legal sense, no proof
in a moral sense, not one scintilla of evidence
to which any man would resort, unless he was
blind with bigotry or mad with passion.,-to
fasten an imputation upon anybody. And on
the other side the witnesses, who beyond all
others knew exactly the facts, utterly denied
the imputation. But, saysthe Senator, "count-
ing the number of the witnesses," thereby
meaning that that is the only escape, the only
door open, the only loop-hole out of which the
President could go; counting the number of
witnesses, we have no right to say that the
allegation was made out. Then he adds the
sting, but the conclusion is inevitable that the
robbery is "sustained by a power stronger
than decent respect for public opinion, nay,
a power stronger than the Secretary of the
Treasury himself." Whom did the Senator
mean by that, I repeat ? Who was meant by this
valiant accuser, who, we must believe, could
stand on a burning deck without a quiver ?
Is that the language of courage? Is that
a bold and manly allegation? No, sir, it is
envenomed imputation smothered underneath
cunning words, wrapped in the drapery <jf
mysterious hint; it is a barbed arrow, selected
as the most deadly arrow in the quiver of
malice or of slander; it is a statement point-
ing in design right at the President of the
United States, and pointing nowhere else; it
is a declaration by a Senator in his place, with
his oath upon him, with his responsibility
about him, aspersing the President by indi-
rection, and so that responsibility might be
evaded, without evidence, without warraut,
without reasonable cause, without truth; and
it was uttered as part of a demand for investi-
gation. If such language be tolerable at all,
it is least becoming in him who, when it is
proposed to enlarge the scope of an inquiry
so that it may reach the Senate itself, mounts
upon his privileges, assumes his dignity* and
charges upon a fellow-member some pergonal
impropriety, because, forsooth, the investiga-
tion proposed may embrace the Senator him-
self 1
Mr. President, that Senator knows whether
he has commenced or carried on communica-
tion or correspondence with an agent or officer
of a foreign Government. He knows whether
when the facts are proved, and they are laid
down by the side of a statement made by him
yesterday, and by the side of auother state-
montheard recently in this Chamber—heknows
whether when the truth and the statements
lie side by side they will square with each
other or not. If they do, nothing will be
taken by this motion, nothing will'be lost by
the Senator, nothing will have entered this
sanctuary to raffle the composure or test the
courage of any one.
We have now a saturnalia of licentious talk,
we have a carnival where many seem to feel at
liberty to pelt their country and their country-
men directly, and by indirection too, to put
afloat the most enormous and odious accusa-
tions; we are in the very heyday and meridian
of investigation; there is a demand that houses
shall be unroofed, and that we shall look in
upon everybody's doings, and we sljonld have
an end of such senatorial dignity, of the coy
and shrinking suggestion that Senators are
too high, or borrowing another phrase of the
Senator, that certain Senators are too "well
known " to render it suitable er fit to investi-
gate them. , ' _
I know, Mr. President, in our organise), of
