1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
Sir, every mail brings me letters from all
parts of the State that 1 represent, and from
different States ofthe South, complaining bit-
terly of the inefficiency of the mail service. I
have just received a letter from the publisher
of the New Orleans Times, one of the largest
and most extensively circulated newspapers in
the South, bitterly complaining of the hin-
derance that his paper is subjected to by the lack
of adequate mail facilities. Now the service is
in the hands of adventurers and sharpers, who
are plundering the Treasury.
This condition of things is by no means the
fault of the Postmaster General. He has done
all he could to remedy these evils, and he
recommended in his recent report a remedy
such as is proposed by this bill.
Let this reform be inaugurated, and one
decisive and practical step will have been taken
in the direction that we all profess to desire so
much to obtain.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to
be printed.
lease of sa3jana bay.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a resolution of in-
quity addressed to the Committee of Retrench-
ment, and as it is in my own handwriting,
with the permission of the Chair, I will read it:
Resolved, That the Committee of Investigation
and Retrenchment be instructed to inquire if any
moneys have been paid on account of any asserted
lease of thebay ot Samuna to the United States, and
if so, by whom, out of what fund, and to what
amount ; niso, if such moneys in anypart have been
paid oy private persons, then to report the names of
such persons, with their business and inducement to
thif. outlay, and if they are interested in hind grants
or other speculations in the island of St. Domingo,
and if there has been any understanding? on their
part that such moneys should be refunded by the
United S'ates ; also, to ascertain the application of
such moneys, and the agent in disbursing the same;
with power to examine witnesses and send for per-
sons and papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator ask for the present consideration of
the resolution ?
Mr. SUMNER. I do.
Mr. CONKLING, Lot us have it road from
the desk.
The Chief Olerk read the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
objection to the present consideration of the
resolution? The Chair hears none.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would suggest to the
Senator from Massachusetts to amend that
resolution where it speaks of "any under-
standing on their part," that is, on the part of
persons who may have been supposed to pay
t.lie money. To cover the whole question, it
ought to be whether there is any understand-
ing at all on either side or both sides, if there
is any fact on which to base it. Therefore I
move to strike out in that clause the words
"on their part."
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
olution will be so modified.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
senator i'p.om alabama.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I offer the
following resolution :
Resolved, That George Goldthwaite be permitted
to take a peat in this body as a Senator from the
State of Alabama upon taking the proper 0:1th: and
that the Committee on Privileges and Elections pro-
ceed hereafter to consider the grounds oa winch his
rieht to a seat is contested, and hereafter make
report to the Senate thereon.
Mr. President. I will make a brief statement,
as that is a matter of privilege, and ask the
Senate to consider it.
Mr. CONKLING. It is not a matter of
privilege, I suggest, to consider it to-day. The
Senator has a right to ofl'er the resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. Well, I will ask unani-
mous consent for its consideration; and when
I have made my statement, I think there will
be no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio asks unanimous consent that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the
resolution submitted by him.
Mr. CONKLING-. I do not object to the
Senator submitting any remarks, but I reserve
my right to object afterward to the considera-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senate will hear me
five minutes, I think there will be no objection.
Mr. CONKLING-. I have no objection to
hearing the Senator, if afterward the right to
object to the resolution is reserved.
Mr. THURMAN. Oertainly._ It will be
remembered that at the last session the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections reported a
resolution that George Goldthwaite and Foster
Blodgett be permitted to take their seats in
this body upon taking the proper oaths, and
that the grounds of contest of their election
be afterward considered by that committee
and reported upon to the Senate. So far as
Goldthwaite was concerned that report was
unanimous on the part of the committee, as
appears by the report itself, a copy of which I
hold in my hand. It went upon the ground,
which has been observed ever since this Gov-
ernment was formed, that the certificate of
election of a Senator was prima facie evidence
of his right to a seat and sufficient until it
was overthrown; that he was entitled on that
prima facie case to his seat in the body, and
if any one said he was not entitled to it the
contestant was bound to overthrow that prima
facie case by sufficient charges and sufficient
testimony, but that in the mean time the Sen-
ator was entitled to his seat 011 his prima facie
case.
There was not, and there is not, as I had
occasion to observe then, after a most careful^
examination of all the precedents, a single
case in the whole history of this Government
in which that rule has been departed from.
It has been as universal as any rule could be.
If it had not been for a motion which was then
made, to strike out-the name of Foster Blod-
gett, the resolution, I imagine, would have
passed by the unanimous vote of the Senate.
The Senate has now settled the question so far
as Blodgett is concerned by seating Mr. Nor-
wood, and that leaves the resolution reported
by the committee applicable simply to Mr.
Goldthwaite. I offer this resolution as an
original resolution, simply because it is more
convenient to do so than it is to make the
amendments that would be necessary, a dozen,
perhaps, in the resolution reported by the com-
mittee at the last session and which applied to
both cases.
It will be observed that the resolution does
not decide or profess to decide or intend to
decide any question of contest of Mr. Gold-
thwaite' s right to a seat. The committee report
that his credentials are in proper form. They
make a prima facie case, therefore, for his
admission to his seat, and all grounds of con-
test are reserved and remain to the Committee
on Privileges and Elections for investigation,
for the hearing of proof, and for a report to
the Senate, when theSenate can actupon them.
Under these circumstances, I hope that the
Senate will not keep the State of Alabama
unrepresented in part any longer. This being
merely a resolution founded on a prima facie
case, what has been regarded and decided from
the foundation of the Government to be a
prima facie case, I hope there will be no ob-
jection to the present consideration and pas-
sage of this resolution, and J ask that the Sen-
ate before deciding this matter will hear the
chairman of the Committee on Privileges and
Elections on the subject
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ Is there
objection to the present consideration of the
resolution?
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear the
chairman.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does ^ the
Senator from Ohio desire to reserve the right
to object to the present consideration of the
resolution'!
Mr. SHERMAN. I do, until I hear the
Senator from Indiana.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator reserves the right to object, but does not
cxercise it nolv.
Mr. MORTON. I will stale that this ques-
tion is not before the Committee on Privileges
and Elections ; it is before the Senate. There
was a protest presented against Mr. Gold-
thwaite at the last session, which I believe is
before the Senate. It is perhaps right that
I should state the attitude of the question as I
understand it.
That protest urged that some of the members
of the Legislature by which Mr. Goldthwaite
was chosen had been elected by fraud, per-
haps by stuffing the ballot-box<\s or by defer-
ring persons from voting. Another allegation
was that one member of the Legislature had
taken his seat without having had a certifi-
cate of election, and without having received
a majority of the votes cast at ihe election.
Another ground was, that several members of
the Legislature, perhaps more than the num-
ber that constituted Mr. Goldthwaite:,s major-
ity, were under disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment.
The committee reported the case as a prima
facie case, for the action of the Senate, for him
to take his seat until the question was decided.
I know of nofhing having been presented to
the Senate since, and I believe nothing has
been presented to the committee. My own
views were these: that so far as the question
of election of members of the Legislature by
fraud was concerned, that was a matter to be
determined by the Legislature itself, and that
we could not go behind its decision upon the
question. A? to whether a member had been
allowed to take his seat without having had a
certificate of election and without having re-
ceived a majority of the votes cast, that was
also a question to be determined by the Legis-
lature, and we could not go behind its decision.
As to the question whether members of the
Legislature were under disabilities imposed by
the Constitution of the United Stales, I held
that that was a question which this Senate had
a right to inquire into.
I belivo my position upon that point was cor-
rect, that if the members of a Legislature, or
those composing the majority that elected-tfhe
Senator, had taken their seats in violation of
the Constitution of the United States, we have
a right to go ijjto that question, and tiiat no
man has a right to hold a seat in this body who
is elected by the votes of persons who arc hold-
ing their seats in the Legislature in violation of
the Constitution. I will liirtherstate, in regard
to that question, that there weie no names given
or specifications made of (lie persons who were
holding seats in that Legislature in violation of
the fourteenth amendment. There was noth-
ing presented upon that subject upon wbieh the
committee could act at the time, and so far
as I know, nothing has ever beau presented to
the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Under the circumstance?,
I think this resolution ought to lie referred to
the committee. The chairman of the commit -
I lee says they have not had the matter before
' them. We certainly should have had a report
long ago from that committee about this reso-
lution.
Mr. THURMAN. If my colleague will
allow me to interrupt him for a moment, f
will say that this resolution is exactly the res-
olution reported by the committee, and if niy
colleague prefers it, I will move Iu take up the
resolution reported by the committee and make
the necessary amendments: but I thought it
simpler to write out the resolution and offer it
originally, just as it would be if the resoluuoa
reported by the committee were taken up and
amended as it would have to be.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not remember that
this was the resolution of the committee.
Mr. THURMAN. Why, here it is; and. I
have copied it*i)i totidem verbis, leaving out
