1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2949
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco
field reported that, pursuant to the order of
the House, the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and
more particularly the bill of the House (No.
2322) to reduce duties on imports, and to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Sympsox, one of its Clerks, notifying
the House that the Senate had passed without
amendment bills and joint resolution of the
following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 859} to change the time
for holding the circuit and district courts of
the United States for the western district of
Wisconsin at La Crosse ;
An act (H. R. No. 1030) to regulate elec-
tions in Washington and Idaho Territories;
and
A joint resolution (IT. R. No. 141) to amend
the resolution for the relief of Thomas Keenan,
late consul at Hong Kong, China, approved
February 18, 1867.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following tiiles ;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act act (S. No. 996) to repeal so much
of section six of an act making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing June 30, 1870, and for olher purposes,
approved March 3. 1869, as prohibits promo-
tion in the several departments of the Army ;
and
An act (S. No. 965) authorizing the Presi-
dent of the United States to take jurisdiction
over the people of Alaska, called India,ns, a.nd
for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
Senate had disagreed to the amendments of
the House to a bill (S. No. 616) to release to
the State ot' Indiana the lands known as the
bed of Reaver lake, asked for a committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and had appointed Mr. Pratt, Mr.
Edmunds, and Mr. Logajt managers of said
conference on its part.
The message fuither announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (H. R. No. 1054)
making appropriations to supply deficiencies
in the service of the Government for the fis-
cal year ending June 30, 1872, and for other
purposes, with sundry amendments; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
deficiency bill.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, by unan-
imous consent, the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 1051) making appropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the service
of the Government for ihe fiscal year ending
June 30, 1872, and for other purposes, with
sundry amendments, were taken from the
Speaker's table, referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
kmkry and uiienet's patent.
Mr. COQHLAN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2625) appropriat-
ing money for the use of Emery & Cheney's
paient elastic chain stopper and surge reliever
by the United States Navy ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and ordeied to be
printed. ' |
sktj'le.mknt with ra1lkoad companies.
Mr. NEGLEY. 1 ask unanimous consent 1
to withdraw the hill (H. R. No. 2599) provid
mg for a settlement with sundry railroad com-
panies. I will state that when I ottered it. it
was on the statement that a number of my j
constituents were interested in its provisions, j
Since then f have learned that that is not the i
tact. And since I have no interest in it, I [
can take no charge of it, and now desire to
withdraw it.
There was no objection ; and the bill was
withdrawn.
education in china.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2626) to provide for
the education of American and Chinese youth
in China as interpreters and assistants in the
official intercourse between the United States
and China, and for the increase and diffusion
of knowledge among men ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
belief of purchasers of land.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I ask
that by unanimous consent Senate bill No.
790, to extend the provisions of an act enti-
tled "An act for the relief of certain purchasers
of lands from the legal representatives of Bar-
tholomew Cousin, approved February 18, 1871,
be taken from the Speaker's table for present
consideration. It is a matter of importance
that this bill should be passed at once.
The bill was read.
Mr. DICKEY. What does the gentleman
ask shall be done with this hill?
The SPEAKlfiR. He asks that it be con-
sidered now.
Mr. DICKEY. I must object.
order of business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
that the House proceed to business on the
Speaker's table, with the understanding that
such bills thereon may be referred as uo objec-
tion shall be made to.
Mr. ELDREDGE. There is an evening ses-
sion to-night, and it is now almost fpur o'clock.
We cannot sit all the time, and 1 move that
we take a recess until half past seven o'clock
this evening.
The question was put, and there were—ayes
84, noes 81.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if the Committee on the Territories does not
have business enough to exhaust the evening,
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, desires to move to go into
Committee of the Whole on the tariff, and
gemlemen who desire to speak upon that ques-
tion will govern themselves accordingly.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is there any
other business to be done?
Mr. RANDALL. The understanding was
that no bills should be reported from the Com-
mitteeon the Territories creating a new State.
The SPEAKER. That is the understand-
ing.
The motion for a recess having been agreed
to, the House then (at three o'clock and fifty-
five miuutes p. m.) took a recess until half
past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The hour of half past seven o'clock p. m.
having arrived, the House resumed its session.
The SPEAKER. The recess having ex-
pired, the House will come to order.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SARGENT. I will ask the gentleman
from Nebraska, [Mr. Taffe,] whose business
comes up this evening, to yield to me that I
may have printed and committed to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations the amendments of
the Senate to the Indian appropriation bill;
and I will ask further that it may be considered
hereafter in the House as in Committee of the
Whole, under the five-minutes rule, and I will
call it up at some appropriate time.
The SPEAKER. There can be no objec-
tion to printing the amendments, but there
might be objection to considering the bill m
House as in Committee of the Whole, and
the Chair would rather not entertain that motion
this evening. ;
Mr. SARGENT I will call it up in the
House when there is a good chance to do so,
and I will ask in the mean time that the amend-
ments ot the Senate be printed and numbered.
The motion to print was agreed to.
refunding of cotton tax
Mr. PERCE. X ask the gentleman from
Nebraska- to allow me some little time before
he calls up his business.
Mr. TAFFE. T would like to ask the gen-
tleman how much time he wants?
Mr. PERCE. I would like to submit a few
remarks, and whenever the committee wish to
go on with their business I will yield the floor.
Mr. TAFFE. I am willing to yield the gen-
tleman five minutes.
Mr. PERCE. Oh, make it fifteen.
Mr. TAFFE. Very well.
[Mr. Perce's remarks will be published
in the Appendix.]
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson,
oneofitsclerks, announced that he was directed
to request the House of Representatives to re-
turn to the Senate the bill (H. R. No. 1030)
to regulate elections in Washington and Idaho
Territories.
The SPEAKER. The Senate request the
return to that body of the bill (H. R. No. 1030)
to regulate elections in Washington and Idaho
Territories. If there be no objection it will
be returned to the Senate.
No objection was made, and it was so ordered.
The SPEAKER. This evening is devoted
to the Committee on the Territories.
cemetery at denver.
Mr. TAFFE, from the Committee on the
Territories, repiorted. with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 2627)
to enable the city of Denver to purchase lands
in Colorado for a cemetery; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill which was read, authorizes the
mayor of the city of Denver, in Colorado Ter-
ritory, to enter through the proper land office
one hundred and sixty acres of land adjoining
to Denver, to be held and used as a burial-
place.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a thiid tune ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TAFFE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
judges of wyoming territory.
Mr. TAFFE, from the same committee,
also reported a bill (IT. R. No. 2U28) to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of
Wyoming," approved July 25, 1808; which
was read a first, and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
first section of an act entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to provide a
temporary government for the Territory of
Idaho, approved March 3. 1SB3,' which was
approved March 2, 1807,'' shall apply to and
be in force in the Territory of Wyoming from
and after the passage of this act, anything in
the organic law or laws of the said Territory
to the contrary notwithstanding; provided,
that if at any time the judges of said Territory
shall fail to exercise the powers conferred by
thi-i act, the Legislature of sa:d Territory shall
district the same for judicial jiurposes, and
assign the judges therefor as heretofore pro
vided.
Mr. TAFFE. The object of this bill is to
allow the judges of the Territory of Wyoming
to assign themselves. There has been trouble
in Wy uming about the assignment of the
judges by the Legislature. For instanc. if
the Legislature had a pique against any put*
