210
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April IS,
Ho. of Reps.
Condition of the South—Mr. Waddell.
42d Cong.,..2d Sess:
drive them into exile. They heard here within
the past few weeks one of them deny that the
carpel-bag governments of those States had
been corrupt, and another express a desire to
see a hundred southern men taken out before
breakfast every morning and shot. They hear
on this floor, in almost every debate which
arises, gratuitous insults heaped upon them in
regard to their illiteracy and barbarism by
those who never having shed a drop of their
own or their enemies' blood when war raged
in the country, now signalize their patriotism
by throwing dirt in the face of their prostrate
and harmless prisoners.
Aud when they hear these things reiterated
seven years after the war, and feel the legisla-
tion which is the natural result of such a state
of mind, they ask themselves whether such
people can be other than their bitter enemies.
You have done damage enough already, God
knows. Stop this kind of legislation. Give
us the rights guarantied to us by the Constitu-
tion, even as amended by your own hands.
Emancipate those people from .the political
bondage in which they have so long been held.
Stop sowing the seeds of hate in their breasts.
Make them feel that you are their countrymen
and not their enemies. Divest them of the
conviction which daily grows among them that
you intend to force their support of the dom-
inant political party or make their land a wil-
derness.
But the committee recommend general am-
nesty—of course to the Senate, for the House
has already passed it. I trust that much of
their report will be adopted. Sir, among the
most impressive and suggestive scenes of mod-
ern times was that which the American people
have been more than once called upon to wit-
ness within the past year, wherein a foreign-
born American ciiizen, once an insurrectionist
and an exile, standing upon the floor of the
highest legislative assembly of the Republic,
was seen eloquently rebuking, in the purest
idiomatic English, his native-born colleagues
for their recreancy to the fundamental prin-
ciples of American liberty. It was to me, sir,
a strange and suggestive episode. It furnished
food for profitable meditation. That citizen,
armed with the irresistible weapons of philo-
sophic statesmanship, enlarged culture, and
practical experience, has, in defiance of the
power of party discipline and "the crack of
the party whip," nobly da-red to vindicate the
honor and character of the American people
against the degrading and demoralizing piin-
ciples with which his native-born colleagues
have sought to discredit them, it was indeed,
sir, a singular spectacle, and one which ought
not to be allowed to pass away without impress-
ing upon the thoughtful American a valuable
lessou.
A student of history and a close observer
of events, he has been impelled by a spirit of
intelligent patriotism, and an imperative sense
of duty, to raise his voice against the danger-
ous tendencies of the recent legislation of
Congress. In common with his German fel-
low-citizens, he loves liberty and hates tyranny
and dishonestgovernment. He has my respect
and sympathy, and doubtless will continue to
receive, as he richly deserves, the confidence
and support of his admiring fellow-citizens.
When pleading for amnesty to his southern
countrymen, whom he had faced amid the
blaze and smoke of battle, but against whom
he cherishes no animosity, he was asked to
point to a single instance in history where con-
ciliation and amnesty to rebels had made thetn
good and loyal citizens, and in reply he simply
mentioned the name of Count Andrassy in
Austria. Doubtless the illustration was lost,
for the eyes and ears of his interrogator were
most probably innocent of ever having seen or
heard that name ; but there is a history behind
it which might furnish a profound lesson to the
would-be statesmen who are refusing amnesty
to the southern people and piling up hostile and
irritating legislation against them. Twenty-
three years ago a rebellion broke out in Hun-
gary, which, after lasting eleven months, dur-
ing which three magnificent though bloody
campaigns were fought, was finally crushed
through the intervention of Russia and the
treachery of the Hungarian general, Gorgey.
The Archduchess Sophia, mother of the pres-
ent emperor of Austria, a releniless and un-
merciful despot, undertook to " make treason
odious," and her executioners drenched Hun-
gary in blood. The prayers and tears of even
the loyal relatives of the victims for mercy
were not heard. Eleven of the most prom-
inent generals and statesmen of Hungary
perished by the hangman's hands, besides
hundreds of others. Count Andrassy, then
Kossuth's agent at Constantinople, in common
with many others who did not fall into the
hands of Austria, was sentenced to death and
a price placed on his head. Time wore on,
and the Nemesis of history drew nearer and
nearer, not only to the personal fortunes of
the Archduchess, but to those of her dynasty.
She lived to see the woful day when all her
prayers and tears pleaded in vain for the liie
of her favorite son, Maximilian. The Sol-
ferino campaign cost Austria the splendid
province of Lombardy; with the fearful de-
teat of Sadowa went the last of her Italian
possessions, and then was forced the conces-
sion to Hungary not only of amnesty, resto-
ration of confiscated property, and that polit-
ical liberty for which she had fought, but
Austiia herself had to descend from her proud
position of supreme autocracy to the level of
constitutional sovereignty and-representative
government in which Hungarians have a potent
voice, while Andrassy, the sentenced rebel,
the exile on whose head a price was fixed, is
the president of the Austrian cabinet and
the trusted fdend and counselor of Francis
Joseph. The distinguished Senator might
have strengthened his illustration by citing
the case of the Vendeans, who, after defeat-
ing the proudest armies of Europe with clubs
and fowling-pieces under the lead of young La
Rocbejaquelin of glorious memory, and who,
after suffering a butchery at which humanity
turned pale, were made the very bulwark of
France by the wise policy of conciliation wh'ch
Napoleon the Great inaugurated toward them
as soon as he grasped the reins of power.
He might have still further enforced ihe illus-
tration by calling attention to the etfects of
a repressive policy upon the people of Ire-
land. England put down revolts in Scotland
and Wales, but with their suppression she
ceased all hostile legislation, and the result
has been that the people of those two coun-
tries are to-day, and have long been, the most
loyal and faithful of British subjects. Toward
Ireland, on the contrary, there has been for two
hundred years an established system of refined
cruelty, and the fruits of it have appeared in
the Ku Kluxism of that unhappy country under
the names of " White Boys," " Rapparees,"
" Ribbon Men," " Mollie MeGuires," "Peep
O'Day Boys," " Bockites," &c. The more
considerate treatment of late years has par-
tially allayed the evil, but to-day Ireland is
the weak spot m the British armor, through
which, if at all, she will receive her death-
blow.
What a lesson there is too, in the course of
Charles II, touching the "act of oblivion,"
in 1660, and what a striking similarity there
is between the conduct of the two branches
of his Parliament on that subject and that of
the two Houses of Congress in regard to am-
nesty. " This act of oblivion," says the author
of the debates in the House of Lords, " the
Commons, after having been quickened by a
message from the king, made short work of,
and sent up to the Lords, where it met with
several obstructions and delays. The Com-
mons had excepted only a few of the most
notorious regicides, whereas the Lords were
for giving their resentment a much larger
scope. This severity of theirs not suiting,
however, with the policy of the times, his
Majesty came to the house (July 27) and from
the throne expressed himself as follows:
"My lords, when I came first hither to youv which
was within two or three, days after I came to White-
hall, I did, with as much earnestness as I could,
both by myself and the chancellor, recommend to
you and the House of Commons the speedy dis-
patch of the act of indemnity as a necessary found-
ation of that security we all pr.ty l'or. I did since,
by a particular message to the House of Commons,
again press to hasten that important work, and did
likewise, by a proclamation, publish to all the king-
dom that I did with impatience .expect that that
act would be presented to me for my absent as the
most reasonable and solid foundation of that peace,
happiness, and security I hope and pray for to
myself and all my dominions. I wilt not deny it to
you that I thought the House of Commons too long
about that work, and therefore, now it is come up
to you, I would not have you guilty of the same
delay."
The chancellor subsequently called their
especial attention to the provisions of the act
prohibiting the calling of " names or other
words of reproach any way leading to revive
the memory of the late differences or the occa-
sion thereof," and appealed to them "to learn
the excellent art of forgetfulness." Cannot
Americans in the nineteenth century learn that
excellent art practiced by a Stuart two hun-
dred years ago?
Now, while admitting neither the wisdom
nor justice of such a .course on the part of
this Government, I am persuaded that it would
have been more merciful to the southern people
to have hanged or shot as many of us as would
have glutted the vengeance of the politicians
immediately after the war, than to have kept
up for purely party purposes the system of
robbery, fraud, and oppression which has, since
the war ended, been unrelentingly exercised
over them. That system has but illustrated
the truth of what the blessed St. Augustine
said concerning such a state of peace as we
enjoy :
" Hseo facta sunt in pace post bellum. Pax cum
bello de erudelitate certavit, etvicit. Illud enim
prostravit armatos, istud nudatos. Bellutn erat, ut
qui feriebatur, si posset, feriret; -pax autem non
ut qui evaserat viveret, sed ut moriens non repug-
naret."
Your peace has surpassed war in cruelty.
You have struck down the helpless and naked,
and now, when the armor has been stripped
from your former antagonists,, your podcy
seems to be not only that they shall not live,
but that even in dying they shall not defend
themselves. It is not too late now to repair
your error and to make the southern people
your friends. Try it, but not in the way rec-
ommended by the majority of this committee.
Do not accompany an act of grace, as you term
it, with a renewed system of oppression and
outrage. If you do, where will be your claim
to gratitude? It is a radical error to suppose
that the men who are prohibited by the four-
teenth amendment from holding office are con-
sumed with a passion to taste of the flesh-pots
of this Egypt. There are some things dearer
to them than office, and the fear that they will
again return to plague the modern exponents of
Ameticanism may be dismissed. I have never
considered this amnesty business the only one
thiogneedful. I have never regarded the with-
holding of it by Congress as the cause of all
our woes, nor will the granting of it be a pan-
acea for them. It is but one, and by no means
the most serious, of the impediments which
lie in the way of our return to prosperity;
but the concession of it will greatly smooth
that way.
And now, Mr. Speaker, I have done. I have
spoken as I felt, and have uttered feebly, but
sincerely, what I believe to be the honest se*<
