262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
the other case, reported unanimously by the
committee so far as Goldthwaite is concerned.
1 ask nothing but what has been done twenty
times in this body—allow a Senator to take
his seat on his prima facie case, his creden-
tials. No one can have forgotten the great
. case of Potter and Robbins, where two Sen-
ators presented credentials at the very same
lime, and the Senate decided that the Senator
whose election was earliest in date was prima
facie entitled to his seat, and seated him—
•Judge Robbins. Then there was the Shields
case, and there are a dozen other cases that I
might refer to. In fact, as I stated at the last
sc-ssion of the Senate, there is not one case to
the contrary. I do hope the Senate will not
depart from its usage.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was a member of the
Committee on Privileges and Elections at the
time that resolution was reported, and, accord-
ing to my recollection, the Senator from Ohio
vrho has just taken his seat was decidedly and
distinctly opposed to that resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. Only so far us Blodgett
was concerned.
Mr. HAMLIN. Precisely. The Senator
was for admitting one and rejecting the other,
and I could not see why the rule should apply
to the one and not to the other.
Mr. THURMAN. I did.
Mr. HAMLIN. Now the case to which the
Senator did object having been determined,
the Senator is willing that the other should
come in. I favored that resolution as putting
them both upon the same ground. The Sen-
ator from Ohio did not do so. He thought, I
bitppose, and in his own mind drew a distinc-
tion enough in the two cases to make a differ-
ence. I could not see any. I thought the
objections to be urged against the admission
of Blodgett to a seat on this floor were equ-xlly
to le urged against the Senator from Alabama.
J could not see any difference then, and I do
not see any now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think this resolution
ought to be referred to the Committee on Privi-
leges and Elections, and unless that is done I
! shall object to it. 1 am perfectly willing that
the matter should be considered and reported .
on the first day of the session after the holi-
days, because I think it ought to be.
My objection to the admission of Mr. Gold-
thwaite was not stated by the Senator from In-
diana. The allegation of the members elected
to the Legislature was, that by organized force
and violence, extending over large regions of
the State of Alabama, the local authority was
subverted, and that no elections were held in
certain counties. That is a very different case
from an ordinary election fraud. That is a case ,
which ought to have been determined by testi- '
mony taken before the committee of which
the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott]
is chairman. If my colleague thinks it will ;
promote the examination of this matter to re- ;
lor it to the committee, to act u| on it during ;
the recess, I have no objection to that dispo-
sition of ii : but otherwise I shall object to*it. ■
Mr. IHLRMAN. I repeat I do not ask to i
stop any investigation on this subject. My
resolution, in fact, iustrucLs the committee to
go on and make the investigation : bat the ,j
question is. are you going to keep this Sen- • '
ator, who has the proper credentials and a
prima facie case, out of his seat, for years, a3
it would require perhaps years to make the !
investigation suggested by my colleague ? Are ■
you going to deprive the State of Alabama of '<
half of her representation for six or eight '
months, until you can take all the testimony !'
about a general election in the State of Ala- :
his seat? That is the whole question.
If I had time I could answer the suggestion >'
made by my friend from Maine, [Mr. Ham- ji
uk;] but I have not time to do it. [ hope''
that this resolution will be taken up and ii
passed. It is a question of privilege, and I
think it is fairly entitled to be considered. I
hope my colleague will not insist on keeping
a man oat of his seat, and depriving a State of
one half of its representation here, to go into
an investigation that may take months. Let the
committee go on with the investigation. I do
not think the people who are contesting this
matter are very much in earnest about it, for
they have never laid one particle of testimony
before that committee, though they have had
months in which to do it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to my colleague
that the testimony has been taken already by
the committee of which the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] is chairman; but
I am perfectly willing that the whole matter
shall be referred to the Committee on Elec-
tions and let them decide it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
of one o'clock having arrived, it becomes the
duty of the Chair to call up the special order,
which is the unfinished business of yesterday,
being the amnesty bill.
NEW YOKK POST OFFICE DEFALCATION.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
i! favor oi my colleague to allow ine to present
ij a resolution which will not occupy a moment.
| I tried to do it during the morning hour, but
ji the whole hour has been taken up by other
I matters.
!• Mr. ROBERTSON. If it does not create
; any discussion, I will not object.
:j The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The res-
• olution will be read for information.
i' ike Chief Clerk read as follows:
That the Postmaster General be directed
■ to latorni the Senate whnt persons were sureties on
the official bon'l of Mr. Norton, the iate defaulting
money-order clerk in tbe Xew York city post office,
, it ne had given such bond, and if otherwise who
were sureties on the official bond of such other offi-
cer as may have been responsible for the official eon-
duct of said Xorton ; the amount to which such
■sureties were severally bound., whether the amount
oi the defalcation of said Norton has been repaid
' into tho Treasury, and if otherwise, what stepi. if
< any, have been taken to secure such repayment by
suite? against such sureties, or otherwi.se.
: The resolution was considered by unanimous i
; consent, and agreed to.
message froji the hol'su.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
, tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
. that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
| 3i 4) to provide for the appointment of a eom-
! mission 011 the subject of the wages and hours of
I labor and the division of profits between labor
* and capital in the United States ; in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
POST ROADS.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now I should like to have
the unanimous consent of the Senate to dis-
pose of the two post route bills which I reported
this morning. They need not be read. They
contain merely a recital of the post routes to
be created.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They ought to be read.
Mr. RAMSEY". They are House bills, and
there is a great anxiety that they should pass
before the spring letting, and unless they are
passed now they will lose that advantage.
They include roads on which service is much
desired, and the bills should be acted upon at
once.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota asks the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to consider at this time two
bills reported by him this morning fur the
establishment of post roads.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I shall not object if
they do not give rise to any debate.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (II. R. No. 777; to establish jiost
road s.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now I ask the Senate to
take up the other bill.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. II. No, 774) to establish
post roads.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. STEWART. With the permission of
the Senator from South Carolina, I ask to
have an order made for the withdrawal of
certain papers. At a former Congress the
petition and papers of Hiram C. Li Hie, pray-
ing for the passage of an act confirming to
him a certain tract of land in California, were
presented here and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims. Among those papers
were certain maps and other documents. The
committee reported back the case, and recom-
mended its indefinite postponement. I do not
see any impropriety in allowing the papers to
be withdrawn, although I am not sufficiently
advised as to whether they can be withdrawn
after that kind of a report has been made. I
should judge, from the appearance of the
papers, that they would be valuable to him in
the matter of his title.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is com-
petent for the Senate to give leave for the
withdrawal of papers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think copies ought to
be taken if they are valuable papers. I have
no objection to their being withdrawn if copies
are retained.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; let that be
done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection, that order will be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now let us have the reg-
ular order, or else the whole day will be taken
up with other business. We shall have no
time to consider the important subject of am-
nesty if we do not go on with it.
Mr. CORBETT. I desire to present a hill
for reference to the Committee on Finance.
The Senator from South Carolina consents, I
believe.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I can readily believe
that the Senator from South Carolina would
be willing to consent to yield down to four
o'clock, because that attains his object; but
inasmuch as some of the rest of us may wish
to proceed with the business in hand, I hope
we shall do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reg-
ular order being called for, it is now before
the Senate.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to make a personal explanation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas rises to a personal explan-
ation.
Mr. CLAYTON, I send to the Secretary's
desk a copy of this morning's Chronicle, and
I ask to have read the paragraph which I have
marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follow.s:
Yiar JJcclnrcd ariaiiwt Senator Clayton.—Several
prominent gentlemen from Arkan^a* are now hero
for tho purpose of having: Senator Cla yton* expelled
from the Lnited States Senate. They have filed with
r o ndiciary Committee affidavits of the secretary
ot btate of Arkansas and others, charging Senator
Clayton* with falsification of rcoord in certifying:
that John* Edwards was ciected Repre«entative in
tongres^. when, according to record made at the time
tftc cerUiicate was given. Botes, his competitor, had
beonelpcted by twenty-one hundred majority. The
Judiciary Committee has had two meetings on the
case, and will,resume consideration of ii immediately
alter the holiday rcces^, Several  Scnator$ arc of
opinion that it this and other charges? brought again *t
feenator Clayton prove to he true, he must be ex-
pelled. lie professes to be undisturbed about the
matter, andsay# he will come out all right in the end."
Mr. CLAYTON. It is not my intention'at
this time to go into the question whether war
has been declared 011 any person ; but as it ia
alleged in that article that an investigation has
been going on fortwo days before the Judiciary
