2950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
ticular judge they would assign him to a single
county, which peihaps had not a solitary
case in it, making it a sort of Botany Bay j or,
in other words, the Legislature might practi-
cally assign him out of offic. This bill pro-
vides that the judges shall assign themselves,
or in case of* default on theii part, then the
Legislature shall make the assignment.
Mr. JONES. In connection with this sub-
ject 1 desire to say that a bill similar in teims,
and I believe precisely the same in language,
passed this House during the last Congress,
but failed in the Senate for want of tune.
This is desired by the judges and by the peo-
ple of the Territory generally, and I think
there is no objection to it irom any portion of
the Territory.
Mr. MERR1TT. I desire to ask a single
question. This bill refers to the organic act
of Jdaho Territory, or the acts amendatory
thereof. That act has been repealed so far
as this House has been concerned, and the
bill repealing it has been reported favorably
upou by the committee ot the Senate. Should
the Senate pass that bill, what effect would it
have upon this act?
Mr. TAFFE. It would have no effect at all
upon this bill.
Mr. MERRITT. I am inclined to think
that it would. You propose by this bill to
reenact an act in regard to Idaho Territory,
which act is subsequently repealed by the Sen-
ate passing a bill already passed by the House.
Would not that repeal this act?
Mr. TAFFE. We cannot contemplate with
regard to this bill what the Senate may do in
regard to another bill. This bill is good
enough now.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TAFFE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENITENTIARY FOR WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. TAFFE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2G29) amenda-
tory of an act setting aside certain proceeds
of internal revenue for the erection of peni-
tentiaries in the Territories of Nebraska,
Washington, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Ari-
zona, and Dakota, approved January 22, 1807;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
net proceeds of the internal revenue in the
Territory of Washington, for the fiscal years
severally ending on the 30th day of June, I860,
the 30th day of June, 1807, and the 30th day
of June, 1808, be, and the same hereby are,
set aside and appropriated to and for the pur-
pose of erecting, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, a penitentiary build-
ing in said Territory upon the site designated
by the Legislature thereof and approved by
the Secretary of the Interior j provided that
the moneys so set aside and appropriated in
said Territory shall be devoted exclusively to
the erection of a penitentiary therein, and that
the same shall not exceed in amount the sum
of $40,000.
Mr. TAFFE. I ask the Clerk to read a
letter of the Secretary of the Interior, which
perhaps is a better explanation of this bill
than I can make.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department op the Interior,
Washington, D. c., January 17, 1872.
Sir: Congress, by an act approved January 22,
1867, (United States Statutes, volume fourteen, page
377,) appropriated the sum ot $20,000 for the erection
under tho direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
of a penitentiary building in Washington Tenitory,
paid sum to be set apart from the net proeoeds of
internal revenue received from said Territory during
the fiscal years severally ending on the .Wtb day ot
June, 1866,1867, and 1868. The same act provided for
the erection of penitentiary buildings in each of the
Territories of Nebraska. Colorado, Idaho, Montana,
Arizona, and Dakota, appropriating the net pro-
ceeds of internal revenue in said Territories during
the years before named, to be set aside tor that pur-
pose. to an amount not exceeding &4U.000 in each
Territory.
I am informed that, prior to the parage of said
act, an appropriation had been made for the erec-
tion of a penitentiary in Washington Territory,
which, with theappropriation of $20.o00above inen-
tioned, would have been sufficient for the erection of
the building, but that the appropriation first named
lapsed into the Treasury, leaving only the latter
appropriation available tor the purpose.
During the past year a site for the penitentiary
in Washington Territory was selected and approved
by this Department, and proposals for its crection
were invited. None of the bids received, however,
came within the amount of said appropriation of
$20,000, although the erect ion of but one wing of the
building, according to the plan adopted, was con-
templated. Iain satisfied, irom the experience of
this Depaitiuent m directing the erection of the
penitentiaries in the Territories of Montana. Col-
orado, and Idaho, that the sum of $-*0,000 will be
required to construct one wing of the penitentiary
building in Washington Territory. In the construc-
tion of one wing of the penitentiaries in the above-
named Territories, the appropriation ot §40,000 in
each Territory was nearly exhausted, and it is prob-
able that the cost of labor and materials in Wash-
ington Territory is as great as in the other named
Territories.
I am informed by the Secretary of the Treasury
that the net proceeds of internal revenue received
from the Territory of Washington, for the fiscal
years named in the act, amounted to $120,386 91.
I have the honor, therefore, to submit the accom-
panying draft of an act amendatory of the act of
January 22,1867, and to requestits favorable consid-
eration by Congress. Karly action in the case is
desirable, so that the building may be erected during
the present year.
I am, sii, veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
U. DELANO, Secretary*
Hon. Jas. (x. Bi.aink.
Spcuker of the Home of Representative*.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TAFFE moved to reconsider the vote
by which tl*e bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF .JUDGES IN IDAHO TERRITORY.
Mr. TAFFE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, the bill (II. R. No. 1509)
to fix the pay of the supreme judges of Idaho
Territory, and moved that the bill be laid on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
LEGISLATION OF WYOMING TERRITORY.
Mr. TAFFE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, the bill (El. R. No. 159)
continuing in force certain acts and joint res-
olutions of the first Legislative Assembly of
Wyoming Territory, and moved that the bill
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ADMISSION OK NEW MEXICO.
Mr. TAFFE also, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it
do not pass, the bill (H. R. No. 150) to author-
ize the people of New Mexico to form a con-
stitution and State government previous to
their admission into the Union as a State, with
the name of Lincoln, on an equal footing with
the oiiginal States, and moved that the bill be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
PU1SLIC BUILDINGS IN UTAH.
Mr. TAFFE also, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it
do not pass, the bill (H. R. No. 280) to pro-
vide for the erection of public buildings at
Boise City, in the Territory of Idaho, for the
use of the Legislative Assembly of said Terri-
tory, and for other purposes, and moved that
the bill be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
IDAHO PENITENTIARY.
Mr. TAFFE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, the bill (H. R. No. 281)
to provide for the completion of the Idaho
penitentiary ; and moved that the bill be laid
on the table.
The moiion was agreed to.
SUhFKVGM IN UTAH.
Mr. TAFFE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, the bill (H. R. No. 293) to
secure to citizens of the Territory of Utah the
right of suffrage, without distinction of race,
sex, color, or previous condition of servitude ;
and' moved that the bill be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
TERRITORY OF PEMBINA
Mr. TAFFE also, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that
it, do not pass, the bill (H. R. No. 318) to
establish the 'territory of Pembina, and to
provide a temporary government therefor, and
moved that the bill be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
FORT STEILACOOM MILITARY RESERVATION.
Mr. LOWE, from the Committee on the
Territories, reported a bill (£L R. No. 2630)
to donate the military reservation at Fort
Steilacoom to the Territory of Washington for
the use of the insane asylum ; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill provides that section thirty-three
of township number twenty north, of range
number two, east of Willamette meridian,
embracing a portion of Fort Steilacoom mili-
tary reservation and the military barracks
thereon, in the county of Pierce, and the Ter-
ritoiy of Washington, be donated to that Ter-
litory for the use and purpose of an asylum
for the insane of that Temtory, and for no
other purpose But this act is not to be con-
strued as impairing any rights of any person
m or to any portion of the land acquired under
any of the land laws of tho United States.
Mr. LOWE. lu reference to this bill, I
desire to state that Fort Steilacoom reserva-
tion in Washington Territory embraces about
one section of land. The buildings upon the
reservation having been abandoned by the
Government, were sold by it to the Tenitory
for $850, being purchased to be used as an
insane asylum. The Territory lias already
fitted up the asylum at an expense of some
eight thousand dollars, and is now providing
for its insane in that asylum. So far as the
records of the Land Office show, there are no
claims upon this land, but if there should be
any, we have expressly provided in the bill
that such claims shall not be impaired by this
legislation.
ihe bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOWE moved to reconsider the vote
by which tlie bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RESERVOIR, CITliYKNNE, WYOMING TERRITORY.
Mr. LOWE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2631) to withdraw
from settlement and sale a section of laud
m Laramie county, Wyoming Territory, and
reserve the same for use as a public reservoir
by the city of Cheyenne; which was read a
first and second tune.
ihe bill, which was read, in the first section
provides that section thirty, townshio fourteen
north, range sixty-seven west, of the public
lands in Laramie county, Wyoming Territory,
be, and the same is hereby, withdrawn from
set-tlement and sale under existing laws, and
reserved for the use of the city of Cheyenne in
said county, for the purpose of enabling the
proper authorities of the city to construct and
maintain on the land a reservoir of water for
the supply of the city.
I h<i second section provides that said section
of land shall for the purpose named in the first
