1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
384T
bill, and the same was brought before the
House.
Mr. POSTER, of Ohio. I will yield to my
colleague [Mr. Shellabarger] to make a
statement.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. My attention was
very kindly called by the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Blair] to the fact that this is
properly a test case, involving a principle, as
I believe, of the utmost consequence, not only
in its financial consequences, but in reference
to the policy of this Government. Hence I
made the point of order, because I do not
think that under the circumstances we should
pass a bill of this character at this late hour
of the night. That point of order having been
done away with by suspension of the rules,
I will now make a brief statement in t his case.
I am informed that the report in this case
stiows that this is a claim where the property
of doubtless a very worthy citizen was de-
stroyed by the Government of the United
States during the late war. It wa3 destroyed
under circumstances substantially like these:
in a battle this building was occupied by a mil-
itary force of the enemy ; during a lull of the
battle our troops became possessed of this
building. Apprehending a renewal of the fight
on the, next day, an order was made for the
destruction of this property, and it was de-
stroyed in order to meet the exigency of im-
pending conflict, an actual, present, and
impending conflict; that is, an impending
conflict in contemplation of the law, and pro-
ducing the exact exigency contemplated by
that rule of law to which I now appeal. That
rule of law is that the property of friend or
enemy, it makes no odds where it may be,
whether in belligerent territory or in our own
territory, is not the subject of compensation
when it is destroyed.
Now, of course I would not make the point
under the circumstances were I not absolutely
conscious of the fact that in these bills we are
making precedents which will compel us by
their logic to follow them by expenditures
which we cannot cover by hundreds of millions
of dollars. Here, sir, this man's property was
destroyed. True there was not actual battle
going on at the very time; but his house had been
occupied by the enemy, injuriously occupied
as a point from which attack was made. That
attack was suspended, it is true, for a day; but
here was apprehension thatitwouldbe renewed
On the next day; and under that apprehension
the destruction of this property was made.
Now, I do say that that is a destruction in the
exigencies of actual flagrant war, and that if
we pay for such destruction the result will be
that we .shall have to pay for all the property
of our friends destroyed in war.
Now let us see where this will lead us.
Take, for instance, the- case that was taken
the other day iu debate, the destruction of our
own property by the enemy. Will you let
that go uncompensated, and yet pay for that
which was destroyed by our own Government ?
If so, upon what legal principle? If upon no
legal principle, then upon what principle of
justice will you omit to pay men like Thad-
deus Stevens and other loyal citizens whose
property was destroyed in our own territory,
not on rebel ground ?
The question therefore comes back to us, and
it is a great question, not only with reference
to the amount, of money involved, but in the
legal consequences as affecting the Govern-
ment for all future time, as well as regards
the settlement of all claims arising out of our
late conflict; a question which the House
should pause before deciding, as it will decide
it by the passage of this bili  
[Here tbe hammer fell.]
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio. I now yield to the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Parker,]
Mr. PARKER, of Missouii. Mr. Speaker,
there will be no substantial difference between
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shkllabakger]
and myself as to the facts of this case. It will
be remembered by the House that on, I be-
lieve, the 13th day of September, 1861, our
Army of about three thousand men was sur-
rounded at the town of Lexington, Missouri,
by a rebel army consisting of thirty thousand
men, commanded by General Price. After
our troops had been surrounded, and when
the enemy were forcing themselves up toward
our lines, this building, belonging to Mr. Wal-
lace, was occupied by a part of the enemy's
sharp-shooters.
On the first day of that battle those sharp-
shooters were driven out by a charge made by
a portion of our forces. Colonel Mulligan, in
command of our Army, after holding a coun-
cil of war, conceived that he had not force
sufficient to keep the enemy out of that build-
ing if the attack should be renewed on the
next day; and after deliberating over the mat-
ter be determined that the building should be
destroyed, and so notified Mr. Wallace; but
he did not give him sufficient notice to enable
him to get his furniture and library out of the
building. The house with its contents was
destroyed, leaving this man without a home
for himself and his family.
These are the facts, and I am unable to see
any distinction between this case and the case
of Dr. Best, which was decided—correctly and
justly decided—by this House tbe other day ;
and I am unable to see'any principle of justice
that should dictate to any member the denial
of the claim of this poor old man who stands
at the door of this House demanding simple
justice, nothing more.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabar-
Geh] tells us that we are to set here a prece-
dent which will open the door to the allow-
ance of a large class of claims. As one mem-
ber of this House I do not care how large the
class maybe. This Government of ours can-
not afford to be unjust; it cannot afford to
act upon a principle of injustice toward its
citizens, especially when those citizens were
loyal and in loyal territory. This man, when
approached as to the destruction of his house,
remarked that if its destruction was necessary
to save our struggling army, it ought to be
destroyed, and that if he had command of the
army he would detroy the town if it were
necessary to save our forces. Yet when he
comes before a loyal Congress he is met by a
legal technicality and sent away with the dec-
laration that we are afraid to allow his claim
lest it may establish a bad precedent.
It is unnecessary, I presume, at the present
time, to go into a discussion of the legal prin-
ciple involved here ; but I differ entirely from
tbe gentleman from Ohio with reference to
the question of law presented in this case.
This case comes precisely witbin the purview
of the case so ably cited and commented on
by the gentleman from New York the other
day, and is covered by that case. I do ask
gentlemen of the House to act on a principle
of justice, and, I believe, in accordance with
the principle of law, to pay this man what
he is justly entitled to.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to say a single word before we pass from
this subject. I was anxious myself not to have
had this case reported at this time, because I
did think with the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Siiei.lararger] it would have been much bet-
ter to have brought it forward on some occa-
sion when there could have been an extended
debate and Full consideration of the whole
subject.
It is true, as he stated, that it is the enter-
ing wedge of a very large cleft in the Treasury.
It will involve the payment of large sums if
the House adopt this principle. I submit ithas
never been adopted before. I feel as if we of
the Committee of Claims Ought to have been
able to present an argument to the House with
all the authorities cited, aud to have placed
ourselves on some certain ground in reference
to this matter before we undertook to decide
it at all. But I did consent to the reporting
of this bill, because really, sir, I- could not
help it; my colleagues had caved in all of them
on the question, and it seemed useless for me
to contend any longer.
It is not a case of technicalities, as my friend
from Missouri says, at all; it is a question of
a different sort from that. But I am not going
to debate it to-night; there is no time for it.
I wish simply to say the principle of the bill
does not have my assent. It is not like the
Best case as I understood and undertook to
construe it the other day. It is simply the
destruction of property in battle, and must
stand on that grouud. I wished merely to say
this much.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to say
one word on this subject. It is impossible to
distinguish between this case and the Dr. Bes 
case. It is impossible to distinguish between
the cases. If it was right as to the Best case
then it is equally right to pass this bill. If
unselfish devotion to the country was the
characteristic of the Best case, there can on
that ground be no stronger case than this one.
I hope we shall now have the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
before the vote is taken I wish to say this :
the constitutional provision that private prop-
erty shall not be taken for public use without
compensation is not a new principle ; it was
settled many hundreds of years before it was
settled in the Constitution. The question I
wish to ask gentlemen here is this: if the
property stood adjoining the walls of the fort
and it was necessary to occupy it by sharp-
shooters as one of the appurtenances of the
fort, would not that property have been taken
for public use just as much as though it was
within the walls of the fort? Just so this
building being within gun-shot of the fort and
occupied by the sharp-shooters was as one of
tbe appurtenances of the fort. The location
of' the fort there was taking private property
under the Constitution. We voted down an
amendment here the other day. How it came
to be done we will not discuss; but property,
cotton, which was the ham-string of tbe re-
bellion, was seized and sold, and $25,000,000
paid into the Treasury. We have now opened
our couris ol' law to allow every man to come
in and make his claim whether he was loyal or
disloyal. When our courts are open to men
whose hands are red with the blood of loyal
men. I wish to know whether a man whose
property was taken, not by the casualtyof war,
not by any accident of war, but by the act of
military authorities in locating their fort close
to it; I wish to know whether a loyal man with
such a claim has no right to get compensa-
tion from the Treasury?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask the atten-
tion of the members for one moment. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Smith] has
struck upon a question—and this whole ques-
tion is a part of it—which is far broader than the
mere passage of any man's claim, far broader
than the question of night or morning, or
adjournment or recess. If my colleague from
Ohio [Mr. Sheixabarger] has rightly stated
the fact—and the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Blair,] the chairman of the Committee
of Claims, says he has—if it be the fact, as
both these gentlemen say, that this is a new
case, a test case, if it be the first in a long
line, the sum of which must be many, many
millions of dollars, then gentlemen ought not
to be in haste because some other reports are
to be made.
But I do not rise to say whether these two
gentlemen are right or wrong, or to say what
the merits of this case may be. But I rose to
call attention to what the gentleman who has
just addressed the House has stated in regard
to a former action of the House as bearing on
this case.
The gentleman says that it ill becomes any-
body to resist a case like this after the House
has rejected the Morrill amendment and thrown
