1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1159
ate, it is not now "witliin the Senator's power,
except by consent of the Senate, to modify the
preamble. It can be done, however, by amend-
ment. The power cannot be exercised by a
single member, but can of course be exercised
to any extent by amending the preamble or
any clause thereof.
Mr. HARLAN. Would an amendment be
in order now to the body of the resolution ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be.
The preamble is reserved until the other part,
which is the resolution, is disposed of.
Mr. HARLAN. I send to the Chair an
amendment to the resolution itself.
The amendment was read, being to strike
out the following words:
War between Franco and Germany; to ascertain
the persons to whom such sales were made, the oir-
oumstanoes under which they were made, and the
real parties in interest, and the sums respectively
paid and received by the real parties.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Fiscal year ending 30th of Juno, A. D. 1871; to
ascertain the persons to whom such salos were made,
the circumstances under which they were made, the
sums respectively paid by said purchasers to the
United States, the disposition made of the proceeds
of said sales.
So that, if amended, the resolution will
read:
Resolved, That a select committee of seven be
appointed to investigate all sales of ordnance
stores made by the Government of the United States
during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, A. X>.
1871; to ascertain the persons to whom such sales
were made, the circumstances under which they
wero made, the sums respectively paid by said pur-
chaser to the United States, the disposition made
of the proceeds of said sales; and that said commit-
tee also inquire and report whether any member of
the Senate, or any other American citizen, is, or has
been, in communication or collusion wir.h tho Gov-
ernment or authorities of France, or with any agent
or officers thereof,in reference to the said matters;
and that the committee have power to send for per-
sons and papers; and that the investigation be con-
ducted in public.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. SUMNER. I must ask to have that
reported again, and I should like to see that
in print before we vote.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I would say that, listening
to that as it was read at the desk, I am not
able fully to appreciate the difference between
the amendment and the original resolution ;
but it seems to me that it will impair the force
of tho inquiry ; it will limit the investigation.
Is the Senate so disposed? Will you close the
door, or open it wide and broad? The terms
of the original resolution do so open the door;
as I understand the amendment, it will par-
tially close that door. On that account, I
object to it. I think that after the professions
we have heard, the open declarations in favor
of investigation, Senators cannot hesitate to
adopt the broadest language possible. ft'
there are any terms broader than those origin-
ally employed in the resolution, let those be
adopted; but, as I understand, it is proposed
to narrow the terms, and thereby limit the
inquiry.
Now? sir, I am against any such limitation.
The original resolution proposes to ascertain
"the real parties in interest." Those import-
ant terms, as I understand, are to be elimin-
ated. But is not that an essential element
in the inquiry, "who were the real parties in
interest? There, sir, is a question which may
involve the honor of our country. 1 do not
say that that honor will not come out safe from
this inquiry, but I do say that the honor we all
cherish can be maintained only by the fullest
inquiry. Therefore, because I am for light, I
object to the amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
errs greatly when he supposes that the terms
I propose will narrow the inquiry. The ori-
ginal text proposed an investigation to be lim-
ited by the period of the Prussian-French war,
a period of but a fraction of a year. The
terms I propose will enable the committee to
inquire as to these sales during the fiscal year.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to that
part of the Senator's amendment, " during
the fiscal year."
Mr. HARLAN. I apprehended that when
properly understood the Senator would see
that the phrases I use are better than his.
Mr. SHERMAN. If my friend from Iowa
will allow me, I will state that I find by com-
paring the two propositions that the amend-
ment broadens the inquiry in one important
particular. The amendment of the Senator
from Iowa proposes to inquire into the dispo-
sition of the money received, which has been
the chief point of dispute, aslhave understood,
or one of the chief points of dispute. One of
the points raised was that there was a discrep-
ancy in money, and as a matter of couise in
that particular the proposition of the Senator
from Iowa is much broader than the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
from Ohio having made the additional explan-
ation which I intended, I have nothing more
to add.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg pardon.
Mr. SUMNER. I think if the Senator from
Ohio will look at the original resolution, he
will see that it was in its essence broader than
the substitute. As I say, I have only heard
the amendment read at the desk. The Sen-
ator from Ohio has had the advantage, as I see,
of going to the desk and reading it. I have
not read it and compared it word for word.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are three points
of difference, and only three. The proposition
of the Senator from Iowa directs the inquiry
to be into sales during the fiscal year 1871. In
that particular I think it is better.
Mr. SUMNER. There is no objection to
that.
Mr. SHERMAN. It also broadens the in-
quiry, inasmuch as it directs investigation as
to the disposition of the money received for
the arms. It strikes out one expression as to
an inquiry, into " the real parties in interest"
in the purchases. I submit to the Senator
from Massachusetts whether by the rule of
international law it is right for this Senate to
enter into an inquiry as to the conduct of the
French Government, which no doubt received
these arms, which was the party in interest.
It seems to me that is going beyond the rea-
sonable power of the Senate, and beyond the
reasonable extent of an inquiry to be made by
the Senate, which should go no further than
to ascertain whether any officer of the Govern-
ment of the United States, from the highest to
the lowest, has done anything that is wrong or
improper. It does seem to me that in that
particular the inquiry proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts goes beyond the just sub-
ject of inquiry by the Senate of the United
States. 1" think these three particulars are the
only differences between the propositions.
Mr. SUMNER. If I have misunderstood
the amendment, it is simply because I relied
upon hearing, and not as my friend from Ohio
did, upon reading. If, as he says, the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa really does
cover the whole case, if under that amend-
ment this investigation can be fully made so
that we can know the whole nature of these
sales, tho money paid, tho disposition of the
money, everything that may tend to show the
character of the transaction—do I understand
the Senator from Ohio to say that all that is
secured?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think all that and
more. I think the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Iowa is broader in every particular
than the proposition of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, except in one respect, and that is
that it does not authorize an inquiry into
the "real parties in interest;" and I submit
whether it would be proper for us to extend
our inquiry into the conduct of the French
Government, who undoubtedly was the real
party interested in the purchase. It seems to
me we ought not to do that.
Mr. SUMNER. But the original terms of
my resolution would not carry it into any
investigation of the conduct of the French
Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it would.
Mr. SUMNER. If we found out they were
the party, that would be all.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it would carry it
into the conduct of all parties in interest, and
I think we ought to stop short of that. We
ought to extend the inquiry into the conduct
of our own officers, but never ought to under-
take to examine the conduct of a foreign Gov-
ernment. Undoubtedly the French Govern-
ment was the party in interest. We ought to
stop short of that.
Sir. SUMNER. I will not press the call
for the yeas and nays, then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the demand for the yeas and nays
will be regarded as withdrawn. Is there
objection? The Chair hears none, and the
call is withdrawn. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I voted a few moments
ago for an amendment offered by the Senator
from New York, one object of which is to
make an inquiry in'regard to the action of
Senators. The debate has disclosed that it is
aimed, or it is assumed that it is aimed at cer-
tain members of the body. I observe that this
resolution proposes to raise a select commit-
tee to inquire into certain transactions con-
nected with the sale of arms. Now, byway
of amendment the proposition of the Senator
from New York has been added ; and by that
it will be observed that the Senators who
moved this investigation would be excluded
from the committee. It would not be regarded
as delicate for the gentlemen who have moved
this investigation into the sale of arms to take
a place upon a committee which, in addition
to making that investigation, was also charged
with the duty of inquiring into the conduct of
certain Senators, ihey being the particular Sen-
ators aimed at. Of course, the Senator from
New York had no such design as that in offer-
ing his amendment; but that would be the
effect of it.
It certainly would be both parliamentary and
proper that the Senators moving this investi-
gation, and 'who have taken an interest in it,
should be upon the committee, or at least
some of them. The effect of this amendment
would be to exclude them from the committee,
and I suggest to the Senate whether it would
not be better to have those resolutions sepa-
rately, and let the resolution to inquire into
the conduct of Senators go to some other com-
mittee, and the committee to investigate the
sale of arms not have charge of that; other-
wise you will exclude from the committee
the very Senators some of whom ought to go
upon this committee to investigate the arms
transaction.
I do not wish to provoke a discussion on that
point now ; but I do not believe in raising a
committee antagonistic to the subject of invest-
igation. At least some of the members of
that committee should be members of the
body who are in favor of the investigation
which is sought. It is suggested by a Senator
that all the Senators are in favor of it. That
may be true in one sense; but certain mem-
bers of the body, as we all know, have brought
this matter to the notice of the Senate, and
having discussed it here, have information in
regard to it, and it is proper that some of those
members should go upon the committee. Now,
it seems to me that if you connect the two
things together, you thereby exclude from the
committee some persons who I think ought
to go upon it.
1 do not know how this suggestion may strike
