1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2951
section of this act be subject to occupancy and
control by the board of trustees of said city
of Cheyenne and their successors in office;
provided that if at any time the board of
trustees shall occupy, or permit to be occu-
pied, the laud for any purpose not contem-
plated by this act, or shall fail for the period
of two years to commence the use of it for
said purpose, or shall abandon the same, the
said land shall revert to the United States;
provided further that nothing in this act con-
tained shall be construed or have the effect to
impair the rights of any person in or to any
portion of the lands required under any law
of the United States.
Mr. LOWE. This is a provision in the
nature of a grant of public lands to the city of
Cheyenne, having a population of some two or
three thousand inhabitants, which is so located
as to make it necessary to have an artificial
supply of water. They have commenced to
construct an aqueduct to a stream three or
four miles from the city. This section of land
is but of little value for_ agricultural or other
purposes, embracing a* basin surrounded by
hills which can be economically used as a res-
ervoir. This bill is a response to a petition
from that quarter. We are advised by the
Commissioner of the Public Lands that the
lands mentioned have never been located, which
is evidence of their trifling value.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LOWE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
tils'ord kutch and others.
Mr. LOWE, from the same committee, also
reported back a joint resolution (H. R. No.
123) for the relief of Tilford Kutch. W. P.
Davidson, and other settlers in Wind River
valley, Wyoming Territory; and the same
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
supreme court of arizona.
^ Mr. PRINDLE, from the Committee on ihe
Territories, reported back a bill (H. II. No.
1785) to provide for holding adjourned terms
of the supreme court of Arizona, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
Ihe bill, which was read, provides that the
supreme court of the Territory of Arizona may
hold adjourned terms thereof at any time and
place in said Territory agreed upon by a ma-
jority of the judges of said court at any regular
term thereof. The order for an adjourned
term shall be signed by a majority of the
judges thereof at a regular term of said couit,
and entered upon the minutes of the courn,
and any business which such court might do at
any regular term thereof may be done at such
adjourned term; and the clerk of said court
snail be entitled to such mileage for attend-
ance at such adjourned term as is by law
allowed the marshal of the district of Arizona
lor his attendance upon the courts of said
territory.
Ihe bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PKINDL E moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
laramie "water and ditch company.
Mr. PRfNDLE, from the same committee,
also reported back a bill (II. R. No. 1178) to
&r^nt_the right of way to the Laramie Water
Tik Company over public lauds in
Albany county, Wyoming Territory, with an
amendment.
. bill, which was read, provides that the
r)ght of way over the public lands from the
springs situate about two miles east of the
town of Laramie City, in the county of Albany,
m the territory of Wyoming, to and through
said town, and thence to the Big Laramie
river, at a point about one half mile from said
town, is hereby granted to the Laramie Water
and Ditch Company ; and said company shall
have the right to occupy and hold so much of
the lands of the United States between said
points (not exceeding a strip twenty feet in
width) a3 will enable them to construct a ditch
and lay pipes lor the conveyance of water from
said point first mentioned to and through said
Laramiu City and to the Big Laramie river at
the point hereinbefore designated.
The amendment of the committee was read,
as follows:
Strike out after the words "Laramie Water and
Ditch Company." in line eight, and insert in lieu
thereof as follows:
For twenty years; and the said company shall
have the right during said twenty years to enter
upon said lands to construct a ditch and lay pipes
for conveyance of water from said point first men-
tipned to and through said Laramie City, and to the
l>ig Laramie river, at a pojnt hereinbefore men-
tioned, and to keep the same in good condition and
repair.
Mr. PRINDLK. This bill gives this com-
pany the right to occupy and hold indefinitely
twenty feet in width in order to convey water
to the towu of Laramie. The amendment
simply gives them the right of way over the
public land, with the right to enter upon and
lay this pipe, and to repair the same, for
twenty years. The company is organized
under a general act of the territorial Legis-
lature of Wyoming. The spring is situated
about two miles from the town of Laramie.
The water does not appear to be wanted by
the Government, and the bill seems to be
necessary and proper for supplying the town
of Laramie with water.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. PRINDLE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be 1 ml
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
vacanoiks in territorial offices.
Mr. PRINDLE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute, the bill (H. R. No.
1912) to amend section seven of an act enti-
tled " An act to provide a temporary govern-
ment for the Territory of Montana," approved
May 6, 1864.
The SPEAKER, [f there be no objection,
the substitute only will be read.
The substitute was read, being a bill (H. R.
No. 2632) to provide for filling vacancies in
certain offices in the several Territories. It
provides that in any of the Territories, when-
ever a vacancy shall happen during the recess
of the legislative council in any office which,
under the organic act of such Territory, is to
be filled by appointment of the Governor, by
and with the advice and consent of the coun-
cil, the Governor shall fiil up such vacancies by
granting a commission which shall expire at
the next session of the said legislative council.
Mr. PKJNDLE. The organic acts of the
Territories do not authorize the Governors to
fill vacancies during the recess of the legis-
lative council. This difficulty was expeiienced
in the Territory of Montana, and the bill as
original^ drawn and referred to the commit-
tee had reference to that Territory only. The
Delegates from the other Territories desired .,
similar legislation for their Territories, and I
this substitute was drawn, and having been
submitted to the Delegates of the several Ter-
ritories has been agreed to by them It sim-
ply makes the organic act in this respect, anal-
ogous to the provisions of the Constitution of
the United States and to the constitutions of
the different States, and seems to be necessary
and proper.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PRINDLE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
government of montana.
Mr. CHAFFEE, from the Committee on the .
Territories, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2633)
amendatory of an act approved March 2, 1867,
entitled "An act amendatory of an act to
provide a temporary government, for the Ter-
ritory of Moniana," approved May 26, 1864;
which was read a first and second time.
Ihe bill was read, it provides that the
first section of an act approved March 2, 1807,
entitled "An aet amendatory of an act to
provide a temporary government for the Ter-
ritory of Montana," approved May 26. 1864,
so far as relates to incorporations which have
been or which may hereafter be created and
organized for the business of mining, manu-
facturing, or other industrial pursuits, or the
construction or operation of railroads, wagon-
roads, inigating ditches, and the colonization
and improvement of lands in connection there-
with, or for colleges, seminaries, churches,
1 libraries, or any benevolent, charitable, or
| scientific association, or for all rightful sub-
| jeets of legislation consistent with the Consti-
; put,ion of the United States, under the general
j incorporation laws of any Territory of the
! United States, shall be construed as having
authorized and as authorizing the Legislative
Assemblies of the Territories of the United
States, by general incorporation acts, to permit
persons to associate logelher as bodies-cor-
porate for purposes above named.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CHAFFEE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
1 on the table.
I The latter motion was agreed to.
i helen a , etc., railroad company.
Mr. SHOEMAKER, from the Committee
on the Territories, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2634) to incorporate the Helena and Northern
Utah Railroad Company, and to grant to the
same the right of way through the public
lands; which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read.
Mr. COGHLAN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman who presents this bill if it does not
grant forty acres of ground every ten miles
for depot, purposes? I think 1 caught that pro-
vision in the fourth section of the bill. Jf it
J is so I will move to strike out " forty acres " and
insert ill lieu thereof " twenty acres." [ think
forty acres too much for depot purposes. I
think that twenty acres will be sufficient for
all depot purposes.
Mr. SHOEMAKER. I have no objection
to that amendment.
Mr. STORM. I hope the consideration of
this bill will not be pressed to-night, it cre-
ates a corporation and makes a grant of land,
both of which measures have never yet passed
the House without a good deal of care and
consideration. The bill is a lengthy one, and
it is impossible for any member to understand
all of its provisions to-night and clearly and
properly vote upon it. I hope the considei-
at.ion of the bill will not. be pressed this even-
ing in view of the absence of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holmax,] who is the cou
Sfitutional objector to all bills of this character.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I would
inquire if there is any provision m this bill
that the Congress of the United States may
alter, amend, or repeal it hereafter?
Mr. SHOEMAKER. Yes, sir, I think
there is.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I think it
