264
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
amendment shall be germane to the subject
of the bill, and in the next place that it would
require two thirds to pass the law, and the
proposition contained in the amendment tacked
to it could become a law by a simple majority.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May 1 ask my friend
from Delaware a question? I ask him whether
he states that to be a rule of parliamentary
law? If he does, what does he think of what
Mr. Jefferson in his Manual says on page 2-55
of the book my friend has in his hand. There,
treating of the subject of amendment, Mr.
Jefferson states the rule to be precisely the
opposite of that which I understand my friend
stated to be the parliamentary law.
Mr. THUKMAN. Will my friend from Ver-
mont allow me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. TIIURMAN. I wish to be understood
aright. I do not contend at all that you may
not in ordinary cases offer an amendment
that is not germane to the bill. That may be
one of the very means of killing a bill, accord-
ing to parliamentary law. I admit you may
offer the most absurd and incongruous pro-
vision in the world, and have itadopted if you
can, and theieby kill the bill. That is one of
the modes of killing a bill. But what 1 insist
upon is that this bill is sift generis, that it
comes under the fourteenth article of amend-
ment to the Constitution, and that to act in
consistency with the spirit of that amendment
this bill must be a bill relating to the removal
of disabilities alone. That is my point. That
constitutional provision overrides all parlia-
mentary law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is another
reason why, if the Senate will reflect one
moment, the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts is clearly not in order.
We are now acting upon a proposition to
remove political disabilities. This proposi-
tion passes by the vote of two thirds of each
House of Congress; the President has noth-
ing to do with it. The bill proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts would have to be
approved by the President of the United States
to be a law. The Constitution of the United
States vests Congress, without the approval
of the President, with authority to remove
political disabilities. I know it has been the
practice to take these bills removing polit-
ical disabilities to the President and have his
signature; but it is nothing but a practice.
Inadvettentlv Congress fell into that same
mistake some years ago when an amendment
was proposed to the Constitution of the United
S:ares. Senators will remember that the Con-
stitution of the United States provides for its
own amendment by the submission of a prop-
osition to amend to the States, which must be
passed by two thirds of both Houses. Inad-
vertently, some years ago, when we passed
the thirteenth constitutional amendment, it
was taken by our Committee on Enrolled Bills
to the President for his signature. After that fact
was ascertained, the matter was called up and
the Senate passed a resolution expressing its
opinion that propositions to amend the Con-
stitution of the United States, submitted to
the respective States for their approval, need
not have the signature of the President; that
he had nothing to do with submitting amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States;
and the amendments ft hich have since been sub-
mitted to the various States of the Union and
ratified and are now a part of the Constitu-
tion of the United States have never had the
President's approval; ho has had nothing to
do with them. And just so, sir, in regard to
the removal of political disabilities. What is
the language ?
" But Congress may, by a vote of two thirds of cacti
House, remove suck disability."
Congress may do it; the President has noth-
ing to do with it: and there is no necessity
and no propriety in taking these bills for the
removal of political disabilities to the Presi-
dent for his signature.
Now, the bill proposed by the Senator from
Massachusetts cannot become a law without
the signature of the President, or in ease he
should veto the bill and send it back here,
without being repassed by a two-thirds vote
of each House; but this disability bill is effect-
ive, answers its purposes, accomplishes its
objects the moment it has passed the two Houses
of Congress, and the President has nothing to
do with it. Now, suppose it has to be taken
to the President for his signature and it should
be sent back here with a veto, it may be said
that two thirds would repass it; but you may
not then get the two thirds. The bill to remove
political disabilities is not to be subjected to
any such hazard as that. It has to have two
thirds but once, and then it is effective. The
distinction, it seems to me, is so clear that
there ought not to be any question that an
ordinary subject of legislation which requires
the approval of the President of the United
States, cannot be put upon this bill, and I put
my vote upon that ground expressly. '
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. The article of amend-
ment which the Senator refers to reads:
"But Congress may, by a vote of two thirds of
each House, remove such disability."
Now, turning back to the legislative article
we find:
"Every bill which shall have passed the House
of Representatives and the Senate sholl, before it
becomes alavr, be presented to the President of the
United States," &c.
The third clause of that section reads:
" Every order, resolution, or vote to which the
concurrence of the Senate and House of Represent-
atives may be necessary (except on a question of
adjournment) shall be presented to the President of
the United States ; and before the same shall take
effect shall be approved by him, or being disapproved
by him, shall be repassed by two thirds," &c.
The fourteenth amendment does not stand
as ail original part of the Constitution ; it is
an amendment to the old Constitution, and the
fourteenth article must be construed with the
other articles of the Constitution. Now, Con-
gress can remove this disability in only one of
two ways; either by a bill, or by an order, res-
olution, or vote requiring the concurrence of
both Houses; and the Constitution is peremp-
tory that in every such case, in the case of every
bill and in the case of every order, resolution,
or vote which requires the concurrence of both
Houses, it shall be presented to the President
for his approval.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the old argu-
ment over again; but it so happens that we
have a decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States and the decision of both Houses
of Congress adverse to the Senator from Wis-
consin. This whole subject was brought to
the attention of the Congress of the United
States when the first amendments were pro-
posed to the Constitution of the United States,
and it was then decided. The language is the
same:
"The Congress, whenever two thirds of both
Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amend-
ments to this Constitution."
Now, how does "the Congress" propose
amendments to the Constitution? We passu
resolution by a two-thirds vote in each House
proposing ail amendment to the Constitution.
That is a resolution, according to the Senator
from Wisconsin, requiring the approval of the
President.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator .per-
mit me to say a word? Not "according to the
Senator from Wisconsin," but according to the
Constitution of the United States, which says
that every resolution passed by both Houses
shall be submitted to the President.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, "every resolu-
tion;" but that relates to the ordinary legisla-
tive proceedings of Congress, as the Supreme
Court of the United States has said. The
question was raised when the first amendments
were proposed to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and the Senator from Wisconsin
will carry his doctrine a little further than lie
means to do if he adheres to this view. Sev-
eral of our amendments to the Constitution
of the United States neyer had the signature
of the President to them.
Mr. THUEMAN. Neither the fourteenth
nor the fifteenth.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When the early amend-
ments were proposed to the Constitution of
the United States this question arose, audit
was then decided, on discussion, that the pro-
posal of an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States, which was authorized to
be done by Congress, was not one of those
bills, resolutions, or orders of Congress re-
ferred to in the provision relating to the legis-
lative proceedings of Congress at all; that it
was entirely independent. Subsequently, a
question arose in the Supreme Court of the
United States as to the validity of the amend-
ments which had been thus proposed by Con-
gress and ratified by three fourths of the
States ; and the Supreme Court of the United
States made very short work of it by deciding
that the President of the United States had
nothing to do with a resolution submitting
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States ; that it was not one of those legislative
proceedings referred to in another clause of
the Constitution, which have to be submitted
to the President for his approval.
Some few years ago, when the thirteenth
amendment was proposed, the Senator's col-
league, who was then chairman of the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, [Mr. Howe,] took
the resolution which passed Congress to the
President of the United States for his signa-
ture. He signed it. It was discovered, and a
resolution was introduced into the Senate, and
adopted by a % ery decided vote, stating that the
signature of the President in that case having
been inadvertently, obtained, was not to he
deemed as an admission that his .-ignature was
necessary; and subsequently, when the later
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States were proposed, they were not submitted
to the President, never had iiis approval, nor
was it ever thought to be necessary.
Now, if the Senator from Wisconsin can
draw a distinction between the clause of the
Constitution of the United States whi. h re-
quires that whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary Congress shall propose
amendnientsto the Constitution and the clause
which says Congress may, by a vote of two
thirds of each House, remove this disability,
he can make a distinction where I cannot see
that any exists. If the Senator from Wis-
consin is right, that every resolution and every
order and every bill that passes Congress must
be submitted to the President for his approwil,
then the two constitutional amendments that
have been last adopted are invalid.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator niil allew
me to remark to him that as I supposed i had
to vote upon this question I warned a little
information; and i made the suggestion to
him for the purpose of hearing what the point
was and how it was to be disposed of. A dif-
ficulty occurring to my mind on which I did
not intend to express and certainly did not
express any opinion of my own. I was calling
for his opinion for my information. 1 desire,
then, that the Senator should net select me as
his opponent and charge on me ih this furious
way when I a.-'ked him for information, sitting
docile at his teet. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I beg The. Senator's par-
don ; I was stathig what had been the history
in regard lo resolutions i'or the amendment
of the Constitution of the United States: and
if my manner was in any way unpleasant to
my friend from Wisconsin I exceedingly regret
it. L shall be t, ery happy if the Senator upon
reflection shall see that a proposition to remove
disabilities, being one that by the Constitution
itself is vested in Congress alone by a two-
