3848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
wide open the doors of our courts to all classes
of claimants, without regard to their condition
or former condition at all. Now I say to the
gentleman that if that be his opinion he utterly
misconceives the nature of the Morrill amend-
ment, and utterly misconceives the work the
Hou^e did in rejecting it.
The House, in rejeciiug the Morrill amend-
ment, did not open ttie door ol any court to any
claim. It only refused to let Congress go into
a court and take hold of cases and drag them
out utter they had once been properly intro-
duced there and were in process of adjudica-
tion. That the House has done, and nothing
more. It has opened no new door, it has
widened no old one.
Mr. FOST.BR, of Ohio. I yield one minute
to my colleague from Ohio, [Mr. Siiei.labau-
geh.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I rise for the pur-
pose of alluding to an authority which was
referred to, butnot read by the learned gentle-
man Irom New York, [Mr. Smith ;] and for
this authority I have some respect, although
it is only adecisioti of the Court of Claims.
Now, thctt authority, I submit to the House,
does not touch the legal qnesiion we are now
upon, and which my colleague has so forcibly
reminded us is a new case. That was a case
involving merely the question as to what the
rights of the Government were in regard to
the matter of taking property. And the gen-
tleman and the other members of this House,
as lawyers and as business men, understand
the difference between property that is taken
through the exigencies of war and prop-
erty thai is destroyed in conflict. That decis-
ion telates lo thai which was taken and appro-
piialed by the Government when there was no
penning conflict. This ia a case where prop-
el ty is destroyed in conflict. The decision
dees not. turn h tbeea-e.
M r. • FOSTER,, of Ohio. I demand the pre-
vious question.
'J lie pievious question was seconded and
the ninin question was ordered.
The SPEA KER pro tempore. The question
is on tin' 'hn'd reading of tne bill.
Mr McKISE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. rtPHKR, of Pennsylvania. I raise the
point of order tint a motion to adjourn is not
in order, as no business has intervened since
the monon was made and lost.
Mr. G ARFIELD, ol Ohio. Several speeches
have mtei vened, and the previous question has
been seconded.
Tin- SPEAKER pro tempore. The,motion
to adjourn is in order, and the Chair must rec-
Osjnv.e the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
McKkk] io make thai motion if he insists on
it. Tlie Chair does not understand that the
genti'Jman insists.
The lull was read a third timet
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
is on the passag-i of the bill.
Mr. .\U-KRE. I renew my motion that the
Homo a'ljjiim.
Tne question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, ihere were—ayes To, noes 21; no
quorum voting.
Mr. BEA fTY. T demand further count..
Mr. sPKER, of Pennsylvania. 1 under-
stood ('rem the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. t.i.at if debate were allowed
there wou:d be no further opposition to the
passage of the bill, i'ms is a violation of the
understanding of the House.
The .SPEAKER pro tempore. No quornm
having vo'ed on the motion to adjourn, the
Chair appoints as tellers Mr. Bkatty, and Mr.
Fustiik of Ohio.
The House agi.,in divided on the motion to
adjourn; and rise tellers .reported—ayes TS,
noes U.
EITPI.KME5JT4.L ArrORTlOSMENT BILL.
The SPEAKER pro tempoff. A conference
having been ordered on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the supplemental appor-
tionment bill, the Chair names as managers
of the conference, on the part of the House,
Mr. Meucur of Pennsylvania, Mr. Willard
of Vermont, and Mr. Cox of New York.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence
was given to Mr. Sxai'P for ten days.
CALL OF THE IIOOSE.
Mr. PETERS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
37, noes 07.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BUJ'LISR, of Massachusetts. I rise to
make a parliamentary inquiry, i understand
that the previous question has been seconded
on the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. And the main
question ordered.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If that
is so, the inquiry that I desire to make is
whether if the House now adjourns the bill
will not come up the first thing after the reading
of the Journal to-morrow morning?
Mr. BliCK. I rise to a parliamentary in-
quiry. I wish to ask whether seven members
of this House have a right to stop the business
of the House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That is not
a parliamentary inquiry.
Mr. BECK. Neither is the other.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
is bound to recognize the inquiry of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts as a parliamentary
inquiry, and ho makes answer to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts Lhat he understands
that it will.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I so
understand it.
Mr. YOUNG. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. PERCE. Pending that motion, I move
that the House take a recess until half past
ten o'clock to-morrow morning.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The last,
count showed that no quorum was present, and
no motion is in order except a motion for a call
of the House or a motion to adjourn.
The question was put upon Mr. Youxo's
motion ; and there were—ayes 57, noes 03.
So a call of the House was ordered.
Mr. COG ULAN, i rise to a point of order,
and it is that it is not necessary to put the
question on a call of the House, but that on
the refusal ol'thc House toadjourn it is the duty
of the Chair to order the roll to be called when
no quorum is present.
Mr. BliCK. I was about to make the same
point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A call of
the House has been ordered, and the Clerk
will proceed to call the roll.
The roil was accordingly called ; and the
following members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Amos, Arthur, Avcrill.
Banks. Barber, Bevernlgc. Biersrs, Bingham. Boles,
Brooks. Caldwell.Carroll.Clarke, Cobb, (Joburn, Cot-
ton,Cox, Creely, Crocker, Darrall,Davis, Dawes, Do
Largo, Dox, Du Bose/Duelt, Elilredge. Elliott, Ely,
Farnsworth, Farwell, Forker, Uarrott, Goodrich,
Hale, flanks, Uariuer, Uav, Hays, John\V. llnzulton.
Her 'don. Hill, Hooper, Houghton, Kolley, Kellogg.
Kendall, Kerr, Ketcham, Kilftnger, Kiiisella. Lani-
i«m, Lamport, Lansing. Lewis. Lmch. Ma.rshnll,
.Maynartl. AlcCrary, McHenry, McJuukin, JIcKin-
ney, McNoely, Mereur, Mitchell. Monroe, Jlorcy,
Morsran. Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley. Packer,
I'nliner. Peck. Pendleton. Axron F. Pep-y, Eli Perrv,
l'iatt. Poland, Porter, iMw.ml V. itiee,. John M.
lliee, Ititehie. "William It. Roberts, John Rogers,
Roosevelt, Rusk, Saraent, Seofield. Seeley, Snanks.
Sheldon. Sherwood, Shober. Slocuin, Sloss, Worth-
iogtou C. Smith. Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. ripeer,
Sprague, Starkweather. Stevens, Stevenson. Storm,
Stoushton, Stowell. Strong, St. John, Sutherland,
S_wann. Sypher, Dwiaht Townseud, 't'uthill. T.vner,
Upson, Van Trump, Vaughun, Voorhees, Waddell,
Wjikeuian, Wahlen. Walls Warren, Wheeler,
Wliiteley. Williams of New York, John T. Wilson,
Winchester, and Wood.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. CONGER said: I desire to saythat my
colleague [Mr. Stoughton'] is absent 
The SPEAK.liItpro tempore. This is not
the time for excuses. The call of the roll can-
not be interrupted.
After ihe roll-call,
Mr. HOAR. I move that, all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. CONGER. Is that in order?
Mr. HOAR. I call the attention of tho
Chairto the Digest, which says that this motion
is in order at any period of the proceedings
under a call.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is clearly in
order, but 1 appeal to the gentleman lo with-
draw his motion.
Mr, HOA R. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to state that my colleague, Mr. Cuockku, is
absent on account of sickness.
Mr. LEA.CH. 1 desire to say that the gen-
tleman from West Virginia, Mr. Davis, jg
absent on account of sickness.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is not
the time for excuses. The call of the roll
ordered by the House and the call of the
absentees show that one hundred and nine
members arc present, which is not a quorum
of the House. It will now be the duiy of the
Chair to direct the Sergeant-at-Arms to close
the doors of the House, and the House will
then proceed to receive excuses for absent
members, and to make such further direction
as it may see fit, unless some gentleman shall
in the mean time move that further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with, which
motion is always in order.
Mr. HOAR. I move that further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with,
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a question of
privilege.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state it.
Mr. CONGEli. I claim the privilege on
this call to make an excuse for my colleague,
Mr. STouuHToN, for not being present here
to-night. 1 claim the right to make lhat
excuse while the call is progressing or after it
is concluded.
Mr. HOAR. That certainly is not a ques
tion of privilege.
Mr. CONGER. I claim that it is a ques-
tion of privilege affecting the character and
position of a member here.
Mr. HOAR. That is not a question of
privilege.
Mr. COGGER. I wish to make excuse for
my colleague that he is absent on account of
sickuess.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
understands tho gentleman from Michigan
[Mr. Com;en] to insist that he has the right
as a question of privilege to render an excuse
for his absent colleague. The Chair under-
stands that, it is not in order to make such
excuse until snch time as the House has
directed the doors to be closed, until which
time no member is understood to be m default
by reason of being absent.
The question was upon the motion to dis-
pense with further proceedings under the call.
Mr. GARFiELlj, of Ohio. The bill lhat
is now pending lias the previous question
ordered upon it, and therefore 
Mr. BECK. I object to debate. I want
to see it seven members, by their absence,
can prevent the transaction of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I only desired
to suggest 
Mr. RAN DaLL, I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Very well. If
you do not want any oil, then you can take the
vinegar.
The question was then taken on the motion
of Mr. LI oak ; and on a division, there were—
ayes 38, noes 48.
Before the result of tho vote was announced,
