1160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
the Senate; but with a view of bringing this
matter to the notice of the Senate, I move to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment
of the Senator from New York was adopted,
my object being if it should be reconsidered
to refer that inquiry to some other committee,
and not the committee proposed to be raised
by this resolution. I make the motion, to
bring it before the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. Let us have the vote on
the pending amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Illinois moves to reconsider, but that
motion must be reserved until the pending
question is disposed of, as it has priority, being
first moved.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
the question being taken on that amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois now moves to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate agreed to the amendment
of the Senator from New York.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is evident we shall
not finish this matter to-night, and as there
are executive messages on the table, 1 move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was agreed to.
adjournment to friday.
Mr. SAWYER. "While the galleries are
being cleared, I renew my motion that when
the Senate adjourns it adjourn to Friday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion can-
not be entertained except by unanimous con-
sent, as business is still pending, until the
doors have been closed. If there is no objec-
tion, the Senator from South Carolina renews
his motion to adjourn over.
Mr. COLE and Mr. EDMUNDS. I object.
bul recommitted.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask consent to have the
bill (S. No. 577) to reestablish the branch
mint at New Orleans, and to restore the same
to the city of New Orleans, recommitted to
the Committee on Commerce. I reported it
from the Committee on Commerce by mistake.
1 was not authorized by the committee to
report it when 1 did ; and I therefore ask leave
to move that the bill be recommitted.
No objection being made, the motion was
entertained, and agreed to.
house bills referred.
The following bills to-day received from the
House of Representatives wore severally read
twice by their titles, arid referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance:
A bill (II. R. No. 1602) for the remission of
taxes on certain distilled spirits destroyed by
the great fire at Chicago ;
A bill (EL R. No. 1GG3) authorizing the
Warren National Bank of South Danvers to
change its name to the Warren National Bank
of Peabody, Massachusetts; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1G64) to change the loca-
tion of the First National Bank of Seneca,
State of Illinois, to the city of Morris, Illinois.
The bill (II. R. No. 10-18) supplemental to
and amendatory of an act entitled ''An act to
prescribe the mode of obtaining evidence in
cases of contested elections," approved Feb-
ruary 19, 1851, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Privileges and
Elections.
The bill (H. R. No. 1G60) to relieve Robert
E. Cowen, of Kansas City, Missouri, of polit-
ical disabilities imposed by the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
isxdcctivis session.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business. After eight
minutes spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened, and (at four o'clock and forty-
eight minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned to
Friday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 21, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
adjournment till friday.
Mr. WILLARD. I call forthe regular order.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move that when the House adjourns to-day
it adjourn to meet on Friday next.
Mr. KING. I second the motion, and hope
there will be no objection.
Mr. STOUGHTON. What is the object of
adjourning over?
Mr. COBB. To-morrow will be the 22d of
February—the anniversary of Washington's
birthday.
Mr. STOUGHTON. It is not customary, I
believe, to adjourn over that day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair suggests to the
gentleman from North Carolina not to press
his motion until the House is fuller. Gentle-
men in charge of the public business are not
now in their seats, and they ought to be heard
on this question. There is evidently not a
quorum in the House.
Mr. COBB. The 22d of February has
been made a national holiday, and I think the
House ought to adjourn over. I will, however,
withdraw the motion for the present.
reform of civil service.
Mr. WILLARD. I renew the demand for
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins, and the regular order is the bill (H.
R. No. 787) to preserve the independence of
the several departments of the Government.
Mr. WILLARD. I desireto ask the House
again (and I do it by request of the committee,
who had a meeting this morning) to order that
this bill be assigned as the special order of busi-
ness for Wednesday four weeks from to-day,
its consideration to commence, to the exclu-
sion of all other business, at two o'clock on
that day, to be resumed on the following day
at the same hour, and the previous question
to be considered operating at four o'clock on
the latter day.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the arrangement proposed by the gentleman
from Vermont will be made.
Mr. DUKE. Will the bill be open for amend-
ment at that time?
The SPEAKER. It will be then in pre-
cisely the same attitude as it is now,
Mr. WILLARD. Wo shall offer no resist-
ance to amendments in aid of the purpose of
the bill. If the gentleman has an amendment
we shall not object to his offering it.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Then it is
understood that amendments may be offered
to the bill when it comes up for consideration.
Mr. WILLARD. Oh, yes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands.
There being no objection, the order pro-
posed by Mr. Willard was made.
machinery for spinning cotton.
Mr. BUCKLEY, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
he instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the tariff laws of the United States as
to allow the free importation of machinery used
expressly for spinning cotton into yarn.
legal proceedings ix utah.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask the House to adopt
the following resolution :
Resolved. That the Attorney General is hereby
required to transmit to this House abatement of all
criminal cases now pending, or brought within tho
last year, in tho district courts of Utah Territory for
crimes cognizable under the authority ot United
States law, and also all civil actions in which the
United States are concerned, and the cost and ex-
penses thereof; focond, all other criminal cases in
the Territory of Utah now pending in said courts;
for what crimes and offenses, and against what laws;
by what authoritv instituted; in what manner tho
grand and petit jurors in said district courts have
been selected, drawn, and summoned during tho
last year; by what afiicers said grand and petit jurors
have been drawn, and said criminals arrested; under
what law of Congress or territorial statute said jurors
have been sworn, and by what appropriations under
the lawsand usages of the Government the expenses
of these last criminal cases must be paid.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is this a bill or a resolu-
tion ?
Mr. SARGENT. It is a resolution of
inquiry. I only wish to get the facts.
There being no objection, the resolution
was adopted.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ROBERT E. COWAN.
Mr. McGREW, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1660) to relieve
Robert E. Cowan, of Kansas City, Missouri,
of legal and political disabilities imposed by
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill which was read, provides that all
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth amendment of the Constitution of
the United States, by reason of his partici-
pation in the late rebellion, be, and are hereby
removed from Robert E. Cowan, of Kansas
City, in the'State of Missouri.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. ■ I suggest to tha
gentleman to strike out the words "legal and "
wherever they occur.
Mr. McGREW. I agree to that amendment.
The bill, as amended,was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. McGREW moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
army staff corps.
Mr. COBURN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That tbe Committee on Foreign Affairs
be authorized to send for persons and papers, and
examine witnesses under oath, in relation to the
subject of the reorganization or consolidation of the
staff corps of the Army.
light-house in rhode island.
Mr. EAMES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby, directed to report to this House upon
theuecessity and expediency of establishing alight on
the stone pyramid at Bullock's Point, on the east side
of Providence river, in the State of Rhode Island,
and between Sabin's and Connecticut Points.
protection of like on railroads.
Mr. ACKER, by uaanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resoloed, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be, and is hereby, instructed to report to this House
at an early day, by bill or otherwise, such action as
may be within the constitutional powers of Congress
as will iusure the uninterrupted transit of passen-
gers and more effectually secure the safety of trav-
elers and the "better protection of iife and property
in travel on railroads in the United States.
Mr. ACKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
