212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Revival of Foreign Commerce—Mr. Sheldon.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
means of communication and transportation
practically annihilate time and space. The
tendency of the present age is to a concentra-
tion of forces, to monopoly in all its forms so
far as relates to business. It now exists upon
the sea. If we prevent it on the part of our
people other nations will continue and increase
it in the most oppressive form. Transporta-
tion will be controlled by an association of
capital. It cannot be avoided by our legis-
lation. In an economical point of view it
may not be hurtful, for by it freights ought to
be cheapened to both the producer and con-
sumer. Exorbitant charges can be prevented
by encouraging competition, or in many cases
by legislative inhibitions. So long as other
nations aje possessed of present advantages
competition will notarise without Government
assistance. In granting aid Congress should
have in view the importance of competing
lines, that departures and arrivals may be
regular and frequent. Irregular and fugitive
trips can only become subsidiary to the main
channels of commerce.
In granting Government assistance it should
be our policy to create steamship lines from
distributing points in this to such points in
other countries. If tonnage bounties are ap-
plied with this purpose in view they may be
effective, and will probably meet with less
opposition than subsidies. By this plan traffic
may be encouraged and sustained with small
islands and unimportant countries by the run-
ning of single ships, whose aggregate com-
merce, if controlled by us, will prove of great
value to the nation.
Assuming that granting Government assist-
ance rests upon a sound principle, and that
the true policy is to encourage the promotion
of competing lines in the great channels of
commerce, it may be well to consider the
location of steamship lines and their relative
importance, for these considerations will enter
materially into the details of the measure to
be adopted. The localities of population and
productions, together with the facilities for
reaching them by internal means of transport-
ation, are facts which must govern the designa-
tion of these lines. Probable future conditions,
as well as those in existence, cannot be ignored.
Artificial thoroughfares, like railways, have
importance; but the natural water channels
will receive the highest consideration, as cheap-
ness of freights in most cases outweighs the
item of time. The improvement and utilization
of the internal water channels is of vast con-
sequence to the country. They afford the
means for cheap transportation, and combina-
tions to oppress the people cannot be formed
in regard to their use. Men made and control
railroads, while God made and controls the
rivers. Government can never make them
private property or create a monopoly in their
navigation.
The city of New York is the most promi-
nent distributing point, and is likely to remain
the commercial metropolis of the western hem-
isphere. Her favorable location, vast capital,
numerous railroads extending in all direc-
tions and prestige assure to her for all time
the grand position she occupies. In the trade
between New York and Europe we shall ex-
perience the toughest competition, and it is
this trade that should receive the most liberal
encouragement. Formerly New York was the
natural commercial center for the larger part
of the United States. Especially was this true
as long as the bulk of our population was east
of the Apalachian mountains. Boston, Phila-
delphia, Baltimore, Charleston, and Savannah
are important cities in their respective locali-
ties, and must be recognized with a liberal
spirit in attempting to resuscitate our com-
mercial prosperity. These cities will control
a large share of the European trade and much
of the South American.
San Francisco occupies upon the Pacific coast
the position of New York on the Atlantic.
Until the Texas Pacific railroad is completed
she will be without a rival. The commerce of
the islands in the Pacific and Indian oceans
and the best portions of Asia ought to be con-
trolled by the cities on' the Pacific coast so
far as to supply our own people and the
cheapness and dispatch with which it can be
conducted will direct across this continent the
trade of these countries with western Europe.
Sir, there is another point, the importance
of which cannot be over estimated. One half
of our population is now in the Mississippi
valley, and more than a moiety of the pro-
ductive capacity of the country. Increase in
both these particulars is so rapid that at the
end of the present decennial period this sec-
tion will be able to control the continent in
commerce, wealth, and political power. This
region produces in greatest abuudance all
those commodities which feed and clothe men,
and which ought to make up the bulk of our
exports. Southward of this part of the United
States are found the countries least adapted
to the production of breadstuffs, and there
will be found the best markets for that which
we produce. Those countries produce many
articles which are necessary and useful to us
and which we can procure by an exchange.
From Mexico, the West Indies, and South
American States arise the adverse balances of
trade which we are compelled to settle with
coin and bullion. The nation cannot be bene-
fited more than by a development of com-
merce in that direction. The natural facilities
for carrying on trade with them surpass those
of any other section. More than fifteen thou-
sand miles of river navigation, extending into
and accommodating sixteen States and run-
ning southward, indicate the natural course of
trade for the Mississippi valley and the coun-
tries to which products of this region should
be exported. The countries south of us are
neighbors, yet we sell them little. Distant
nations control their trade and sell them their
food. This is because they have the ships and
we have not. European nations come to our
ports and purchase the breadstuffs which have
been transported at great expense by railroads
from the Northwest to the Atlantic coast and
sell them to Mexico and the South American
States, bringing back coffee and other com-
modities for our consumption, making large
profits, and to the detriment of our producers
and consumers. Foreigners control prices in
our markets because we have not the means of
transportation.
The republic of Mexico has a foreign com-
merce of about fifty-four million dollars includ-
ing imports and exports. She exports about
twenty million dollars in silver. Distant Eng-
land controls $33,000,000 of this commerce,
other European nations about twelve million,
and the United States $9,000,000, and we
carry about one half we control. The people
of Mexico purchase largely those commodities
which are produced by the people of the North-
west. If our trade was direct with that coun-
try, and enlarged as it should be, we might
expect results most advantageous to both
nations. The trade of Mexico would be val-
uable especially for the reason that her exports
are almost wholly silver coin and bullion.
The heavy drain upon this country to pay the
interest on the national, State, and railroad
gold bonds held in Europe will exhaust our re-
sources unless the supply is increased. From
1838, when the mint was established in New
Orleans, to 1861, the coinage of silver alone
was $48,000,000, the bullion being received
from Mexico. The receipts of silver coin is
supposed to have been still larger. What
amount of silver coin and bullion was received
by the whole country, I have no means of
calculating.
Again, sir, the trade of the empire of Brazil
isof the greatest importance to the whole coun-
try, more particularly to the people of the
Mississippi valley. That nation imports a little
upward of one hundred and twenty six mil-
lion dollars annually. We supply but four per
cent., or a little upward of five million dollars.
The commodities which she imports will attract
the attention of the western farmers. The
value of flour, bacon, hams, beef, cheese, lard,
tallow,, pork, and tobacco, purchased abroad
by the people of Brazil in 1870, amounted to
$57,150,000, constituting one half her entire
importations. Of this sum we sold her but
$2,91(^,170. The balance came from more
distant nations. While we sell Brazil the
trifling amount stated, we purchase twenty-five
per cent, of her exports.
The production of coffee in that country
reaches five hundred million pounds annually.
One fifth at least is exported to the United
States. Coffee can be brought by the way of
the Gulf of Mexico and the Mississippi river
and delivered in St. Louis, Louisville, Cincin-
nati, Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul, all the
cities on the river and westward, at less cost
than by any other route. Our productions
ought to be exchanged with the Brazilians for
their coffee, so that there need be no balance
against us to be paid in gold. A line of steam-
ships from New Orleans to Rio' Janeiro can
take in the principal ports in the West Indies
without material deflection from a straight
course. This would also tend to increase our
exports to those islands, which would pay for
the sugar and fruits we obtain there.
The people of the lower Mississippi valley
are immensely interested in commerce with
European nations, especially such, as demand
their cotton. This article constitutes about
one third of our exports. The ships which
bear it away ought to return with the mer-
chandise consumed in that region. A line of
American steamships from New Orleans to
Europe is demanded by the growers of cotton
and the producers of cereals. The Mississippi
river is the natural channel through which to
transport western products to either a south-
ern or European market. New methods of
conveyance are contemplated which will
cheapen the cost of transporting grain on the
river to an astonishingly low figure. If there
existed steamship lines to the points I have
named, the new project would surely be put
into operation, and flour and grain could be
supplied to the nations south of us and in
western Europe, and to the cities on the Atlan-
tic coast at a cost most advantageous to both
the producer and consumer. Importations to
supply the demand of the whole Mississippi
valley should be made through the same chan-
nels. Probably there is not a city in the entire
nation whose geographical position and nat-
ural advantages are so great as those of New
Orleans, and whose designation as the Ameri-
can terminus of several steamship lines would
prove valuable to so large a population. The
establishment of the lines suggested from this
point would immeasurably enhance our export
trade, and create markfets for agricultural pro-
ducts.
Mr. Speaker, I have endeavored to show
the most important points in this country and
those nations with which it is most desirable
to form connections in our attempts to restore
the carrying trade upon the ocean to our own
people. No section should be neglected if it
is practicable to render assistance. Especially
should our efforts be directed to the trade
which can be most easily developed and sus-
tained. In my judgment the commerce on
the Pacific ocean and with Mexico and the
South American States can be controlled at
less expense than that from the Atlantic coast
with Europe. But I would not hesitate at any
reasonable coat to meet England where she is-
