2952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
would be well to defer the consideration of
this measure for a time.
Mr. SHOEMAKER. I would like to say
that the bill simply grants the right of way
across the public lands to the extent of one
hundred feet upon each side of the track.
Mr. McCORJIICK, of Missouri. But power
.s given to mortgage the road?
Mr. SHOEMAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. McCOHMICK, of .Missouri. Is there
power reserved to Congress to amend or alter
the bill?
Mr. SHOEMAKER. I am not sure. I will
say further that the Territories have no right
to grant the right of way over the public lands,
otherwise this bill would not have come before
Congress.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I will move
that the bill be referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. SHOEMAKER. It is so late in the
session that unless the bill is acted on at the
present time it is not likely to be acted on
at all. The advocates of the bill are exceed
ingly anxious to go to work this season. They
say that they have men of capital who will
build the road. They ask no subsidy, only the
right of way ; they ask 110 subsidy, 110 patt of
the public lands—'nothing but the right of way
through a wilderness of country.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. How much land
does the bill grant in the aggregate ?
Mr. SHOEMAKER. It grants nothing but
the right of way.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. How much land
in the aggregate ?
Mr. SHOEMAKER. Just as much as is
necessary to use for depots, workshops, and
the other appurtenances along the road.
Mr. FIN ICELNBURG. How much is the
aggregate appropriation ?
Mr. SHOEMAKER. I do not know the
exact amount.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. But it is said here
that it amounts to ten thousand acres.
Mr. SHOEMAKER. It grants only what
is necessary for t.lio purposes of the road.
Mr. FAliNSWORTH. 1 do not tlinik the
House ought to haggle over a land grant like
this if they can build a road through lliis wil-
derness, with little stations ten miles apart,
and nothing but the right of way one hundred
feet on cither side. Certainly we should not
stop over that.
Mr. (JLAGETT. I would like to have au
opportunity of explaining this bill. I wish, to
call the attention of the House to the nature
of the bill. It grants the right of way one
hundred feet 011 each hide of the road for con-
struction purposes, from the city of Helena,
the commercial metropolis of my Territory,
down to Corinno, connecting there with the
Union and Central Pacific railroad, and build-
ing a broad-gauge road, which will have con-
nection with those two great thoroughfares.
This bill does not grant a single acre of land
for any purpose whatever except for the right
of way, and twenty acres every ten miles of
the road for the necessary depots, switches,
and side tracks which it is absolutely essential
every road shall have.
In addition to that, these parties are all
read_y to go on and commence this work.
There is a provision in the latter part of the
bill which declares that the franchises which
are granted by this bill are granted upon the
express condition that the road shall be com-
pleted within ten years, and that not less than
ten miles shall be built m a year. It does
seem to me that there can be 110 possible
objection to the passage of this bill. The
clause in reference to the passage of this road
through deep mountain canons and defiles is
very carefully guarded. There is nothing in
this bill except the ordinary powers of corpor-
ations. _ The only reason why it is a little longer
than bills ordinarily passed here is because
the Legislature of Wyoming Territory took the
view that, under the law of Congress of 1867,
it did not have the power to pass a general
incorporation act. That law of 18(57 has
brought much confusion upon the Territories.
The Territories of Colorado, Utah, and Wyom-
ing hold that they have the power to pass a
general incorporation act, and they have
passed such acts; while the Territories of
Montana, Idaho, and Washington have taken
the other view of the case, and have passed 110
such acts. The consequence is that we have
to come here to get this charter. It is the most
carefully guarded bill m every feature that has
been introduced in Congress for the last five
years.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I desire
to move an amendment.
Mr. HAWLEY. I move to amend by add-
ing the following :
Provided, That Congress shall have the power at
any time to alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. That is
the amendment I desired to offer.
Mr. CLAGETT.. I have no objection to
that amendment, but I think it is already in
the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. 1 move to amend
by making the amount of land for depot pur-
poses ten acres every ten miles instead of lorty
acres
The SPEAKER. The House has already
amended that port,ion of the bill by making
it twenty acres instead of forty acres.
Mr. CONGER. 1 move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. Ejlxkelnburg] so as to provide that twelve
acres may be taken where the land is utterly
barren and unfit for agricultural purposes.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I accept that.
Mr. CONGER. Well, as the gentleman
takes tiie point of my suggestion, 1 would
ask him to let it be forty acres.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I will not go be-
yond twelve acres.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Finkelxburg]
is not sUictiy in order, because the word
14 twenty," which he proposes to strike out,
has been inserted by the House by a special
vote.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Of course, if it is
not in order, 1 cannot offer it.
Mr. DUNNELL. Is there any provision
in ihis bill authorizing Congress to regulate
the tariffs of lreighi and passengers on this
road ?
Mr. SHOEMAKER. No, sir.
Mr. DUNNELL. There was such a pro-
vision in the Great Salt Lake and Colorado
bill.
Mr. HAWLEY. It seems to me the amend-
ment I have proposed will give Congress that
power.
Mr. DUNNELL. I do not think that
would do so.
Mr. SHOEMAKER. I call the previous
question.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I would like to
move an amendment to this bill.
Mr. SHOEMAKER. X cannot yield for
that purpose.
Mr CONGER. I would like to have that
portion of the fourth section reported which
relates to assessments for damages on appeal
from the appraisers.
The Clerk read as follows:
And in case the owner of such lands or premises
and the said company cannot asrreo as to the value
of the premises taken, or to be taken, for tho u-=e of
said road, the value thereof shall be determined by
tne appraisal of three disinterested commissioners
who may be appointed, upon apphciUoti by uiih<-r
party to any district judge or court m th<* Tmiroiy
in winch the lauds or premise* to be tak:*n n<>; and
compensation lor laud &o taken Miall be made by
the .award ot said commissioners to the extent to
which the owner shall be injuriously affected
thereby, irrespective of any benefits accruing to
him by reason of the construction of the road And
upon return into court of such appraisement, and
upon the payment into the same of the esti-
mated value of the premis.es taken, for the use and
benefit of the owner thereof, said premises shall be
deemed to bo taken by said company, which shall
thereby acquire full title to the same for the pur-
poses aforesaid. And either party feeling aggrieved
at said appraisement may, within thirty days after
the same has been returned into court, file an ap-
peal therefrom, and demand a jury of twelve men
to estimate the damage sustained; but such appeal
shall not interfere with tho rights of said company
to enter upon the premises taken, or to do any act
necessary and proper m the construction of its
road. And said party appealing shall give bonds,
with sufficient surety or sureties, for the payment
of any cost that may arise on such appeal; and in
case the party appealing does not obtain a verdict
increasing the award of the commissioners, such
party shall pay the whole cost, incurred by the
appellee as well as his own, and the payment into
court for the use of the owner ot said premises
taken of a sum equal to that finally awarded sha.'l
be held to vest in said company the title of said
land, and of the right to use aoid occupy the same
for the construction, maintenance, and operation of
said road.
The previous question was then seconded.
On ordering the main question there were,
upon a division—ayes 54, noes 15; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered 5 and Mr. Shoemaker
and Mr. Storm were-appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 61, noes 14;
no quorum voting.
Mr. BIRD. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that there be a
call of the House.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I ask that the bill be
recommitted to the Committee on the Terri-
tories.
Mr. McNEELY. I object.
Mr. VOORREES. Unless business can go
on by general consent, I shall insist on a call
of the House. This is a very important com-
mittee, and it has had no opportunity during
the session to report its business for the con-
sideration of the House.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Randall for a call of the House, there
were—ayes 40, noes 54.
Mr RANDALL. I call for tellers.
Mr. FARNSW ORTII. I understand that
the committee are willing to withdraw this
bill.
The SPEAKER. A gentleman, after re-
porting a bill from a committee, has pt il^Lt
to withdraw it unless by unanimous consent.
The motion to recommit canuot be adoptediia
the absence of a quorum without unanimous
consent, and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
McNeely] objects to the recommitmeiat.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I wish to make a
proposition.
J lie SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain
no motion except for a call of the House or to
adjourn, unless unanimous consent be granted
to inoceed with business without a quorum.
ilr. FAUNS WORTH. I move, then, that
the House adjourn.
^Ihe question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 39, noes 46.
lhe SPEAKER. The Chair begs to say
that unless gentlemen are prepared to do busi-
ness in the evenings by means of the attendance
of a quoium, he trusts some gentleman may
object to any evening sessions hereafter.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I shall make the
objection hereafter.
I he SPEAKER. Unless the House is pre
pared to do business in the evening, it is simply
a waste of time to order evening sessions.
Mr. LOWE. I call for the yeas and nays
011 the motion to adjourn. I believe there is
a quorum present.
Mr. iAh FE. I desire to gay that it was
agreed two months ago that the committee
should be allowed time for the transaction of
their business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is aware of
that; and the committee has been very patient,
although put off time and again. The Chair
hoped that a quorum would attend to transact
