2056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 28,
lakes, rivers, or other waters, other than ferry-boats
and those above provided for, shall carry the red
and green side-lights as prescribed for ocean steam-
ers, and a central range of two white lights, the
after-light being carried at an elevation of at least
fifteen feet above the light at the head of the vessel;
the head-light to show through twenty points of the
compass, namely, from right ahead to two points
abaft the beam on either side of the vessel, and the
after-light to show all around the horizon.
All steamers towing other vessels, eanal-boats,
rafts, or flat-boats, as to which no provision is here-
inbefore made respecting the special lights to be
carried by them when towing, the colored lights to
be carried shall be the same as prescribed for ocean
steamers, and two white mast-lights shall also be
carried vertically, to distinguish them from other
steamers; the white lights to show through twenty
points of the compass, namely, from right ahead to
fcwo points abaft the beam on either side of the ves-
sel; white lights shall also be placed on theextreme
outside of the tow on either hand, and also on the
extreme after-part of the same.
On all ferry-boats the lights shall be of such colors
and so carried as shall be determined by each super-
vising inspector for his respective district as being
adapted to the character of the navigation, and will
best guard against accident, and, so far as practica-
ble, in accordance with the custom already estab-
lished.
All steamers not carrying sail, or rigged for carry-
ing sail, when moored, or aground, or at anchor,
shall exhibit, between sunset and sunrise, a bright
white light in a globular lantern, at least eight
inches in diameter, and elevated at least twenty feet
above the surface of the water, which shall be so
placed as to show a clear, uniform, and unbroken
light, visible all around the horizon and at a distance
of at least one mile; and upon all navigable waters
each and every coal-boat, trading-boat, produce-
boat, canal-boat, oyster-boat, fishing-boat, raft,
or other water-craft navigating any bay. harbor,
or rivor, by hand-power, horse-power, sail, or by
the current of the river, or which shall be anchored,
or aground, or moored in or near the channel or
fairway of any bay, harbor, or river, or on any coal
or wood-boats moored at any shore or landing,
there shall be carried, from sunset to sunrise, one
or more good white lights, which shall be placed
in a conspicuous place on said water-craft, so that
it may be plainly seen by all approaching vessels.
And every such vessel or raft, when running in a fog
or thick weather, or which in such fog or weather
shall be anchored, or aground, or moored in or near
the channel or fairway as aforesaid, and not at any
wharf or landing, shall sound a fog-horn or equiva-
lent signal at intervals of not more than one minute,
which shall make a sound equal to a steam-whistle;
and all steamersnavigating mafogor thick weather
shall sound their steam-whistle at intervals of not
moro than one minute; and that the provision for a
foremast head-light for steamships, in an act entitled
" An act fixing certain rules and regulations for pre-
venting collisions on the water." approved the 29th
day of April, 18134. which is as follows, namely, "At
the foremast head a bright white light so fixed as to
show uniform and unbroken light over an arc of the
horizon of twenty points of the compass, so fixed as
to throw the lightten points on each side of the ship,
namely, from right ahead to two points abaft the
beam on cither side, and of such a character as to be
visible on a dark night, with a clear atmosphere, at
a distance of at least five miles," shall not be con-
strued to apply to other than ocean-going steamers
and steamers carrying sail or rigged for carrying sail.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move,
in the eighty-third and eighty-fourth lines, to
strike out the words "which shall make a
sound equal to a steam-whistlebecause a
steam-whistle can be heard twenty miles, and
how a man on a raft is going to make an equiv-
alent signal to a steam-whistle I should lite to
know. I will read the language of the bill;
And upon all navigable waters each and every
coal-boat, trading-boat, produce-boat, canal-boat,
oyster-boat, fishing-boat, raft,'or other water-craft
navigating any bay, harbor, or river, by hand-
power, horse-power, sail, or by the current of the
river, or which shall be anchored, or aground, or
moored in or near the channel or fairway of any
bay, harbor, or river, or on any coal or wood boats
moored at any shore or landing, there shall be car-
ried, from sunset to sunrise, ono or more good white
lights, which shall be placed in a conspicuous place
on said water-craft, so that it may be plainly seen
by all approaching vessels. And every such vessel
or raft, when running in a fog or thick weather, or
which in such fog or weather shall be anchored, or
aground, or moored in or near the channel or fair-
way as aforesaid, and not at any wharf or landing,
shall sound a fug-horn or equivalent signal at inter-
vals of not more than one minute, which shall make
a sound equal to a steam-whistle.
Well, now, it was said in the olden time
that there was one thing an act of Parliament
could not do—it could not make your uncle
your aunt. Now here is something which ail
act ol Congress cannot do. It eannot make a
coal-boat, oyster-smack, canal-boat, or raft
give a sound equal to a steam-whistle. You
can enact it as long as you please, but the
more you enact the less it will be done, be-
cause it cannot be done. It is an absolutely
impossible provision. It is enough to provide
that such vessels shall sound a fog-horn or an
equivalent signal, and the tin horn used for
calling to dinner, &c., is sufficient for all prac-
tical purposes when such boats are moored
in the channel or fairway in thick weather.
Mr. NEGLEY. I would be glad to yield
to the views of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Bdti.er] if they were entirely cor-
rect. But it has been found in practice that a
good many instruments used as fog-horns can
be sounded and heard as far as an ordinary
steam-whistle.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
to say, twenty miles.
Mr. NEGLEY. I do not say how many
miles, but that they can be heard as far as the
ordinary steam-whistle. The gentleman can
put any limit on it that he pleases. I do not
favor any patent. But the gentleman wishes
to retain the dinner-horn, that cannot be
sounded loud enough to overcome the ordin-
ary confusion on board a vessel. It is just
as important that protection should be afforded
to a sail vessel from being run into by one of
these boats as it is to protect one sail vessel
from being run into by another.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Does the
gentleman decline to agree to my amendment ?
Mr. NEGLEY. I do not decline to agree
to it, but I desire to have a better reason
assigned than the gentleman has given for his
amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I can
give a dozen sufficient reasons, if that is all
he wants.
Mr. NEGLEY. I have 110 doubt of that.
The question being put on the amendment
of Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts, it was agreed
to—ayes seventy-one, noes not counted,
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous consent
to make a proposition to the House. I think
it is quite clear that we cannot get through the
pending bill to-night. The House has already
agreed to adjourn over till Monday ; but sev-
eral gentlemen, I understand, desire to make
speeches to-morrow or on Saturday. I pro-
pose, therefore, that we reconsider the vote
that when the House adjourns to-day it be
until Monday, and agree that there be sessions
to-morrow and on Saturday, with the under-
standing that no business be done to-morrow,
except to complete this bill, and that the rest
of to-morrow and Saturday be devoted to
achate, no business to be transacted.
Mr. STORM. The gentleman's proposition
was not distinctly heard on this side of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will Btate the
proposition of the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Polaxd.] The gentleman proposes that
the vote by which the House agreed to adjourn
over till Monday be reconsidered, so far that
the House shall meet to-morrow to finish this
bill, and that the remainder of to-morrow and
all of Saturday shall be given to debate only,
no business whatever to be transacted.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish to remark in re-
gard to the gentleman's proposition that quite
a number of gentlemen have gone away, sup-
posing there would be no legislation to-mor-
row. If the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] will strike out that portion of his
proposition which looks to finishing the pend-
ing bill to-morrow, I think there will be no
objection to a session for debate only.
Mr. DAWES. The gentlemen who have
gone away cannot be specially interested in
the pending bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Some of them may wish
to have an opportunity of amending it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] will
not insist on having stricken out that portion
of the proposition which looks to finishing this
bill to-morrow. I think it is very desirable
that it should be finished and got out of the
way of the appropriation bills and other busi-
ness which will come before the House next
week.
Mr. STORM. ' Many gentlemen voted for
the adjournment over on account of to-morrow
being a holiday. If business is to be done
to-morrow, the purpose for which the House
agreed to adjourn over will be defeated.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] re-
quires unanimons consent, and the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Storm] objects.
Mr. POLAND. I will then modify my
suggestion, and propose that the sessions of
to-morrow and Saturday shall be for general
debate only in the House as in Committee
of the Whole, no business whatever to be
transacted.
Mr. NEGLEY. I cannot yield further.
Mr. POLAND. I will not object to the
gentleman completing his bill to-day, if he
can get the House to remain here for that
purpose.
The SPEAKER. If gentlemen who are
particularly interested in the bill do not
take up any great deal of time in debating
upon it, the Chair would suggest that at the
rate the consideration of the bill has pro-
gressed thus far it could be finished in a little
while longer.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let us sit it out
to-night or meet to-morrow and act upon it.
Mr. NEGLEY. I will agree to accept the
two amendments that have been printed with
the bill, provided the House will agree to con-
sider the remainder of the bill this evening.
The SPEAKER. There have been two
amendments proposed and printed with this
bill; one by the gentleman from New York,
from the Herkimer district, [Mr. Merriam,]
and one by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield.] The gentleman from Pennsyl-
I vania [Mr. Negley] suggests that those two
amendments be now agreed to.
1 Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to make
a verbal change in my amendment before it.
shall be acted on.
Mr. POLAND. I would like to have the
question settled whether those gentlemen who
may desire to make speeches to-morrow and
next day shall have leave to do so. I shall
not myself object to finishing the consideration
of this bill to-night.
Mr. POTTER. With regard to the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from the
Herkimer district of New York, [Mr. Mer-
riam,] I am not satisfied to have it adopted
without some modification. If I can move a
modification of it I shall not object to its being
considered now, otherwise I shall object.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
this is a very important bill, and I object to
any arrangement that will take it out of the
usual course of consideration.
The SPEAKER. Then the Clerk will pro-
ceed with the reading of the bill.
Mr. COX. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. NEGLEY. I do not yield the floor for
a motion to adjourn.
. The SPEAKER. The gentleman must yield
j the floor to enable the Clerk to proceed with
j the reading of the bill; and having done that,
■ the motion of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] is in order.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
ST. CROIX AND LAKE SDJ?ERI01t uailroad.
Mr. KETCHAM, by unanimous consent,
moved to reconsider the vote by which the
House agreed to the conference asked by the
Senate upon the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses upon the bill (S. No. 565) to extend
the time to the State of Wisconsin to complete
a road from Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
