• 1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2057
TEXAS PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. SYPHER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on the Public Lands
a bill(H. R. No. 2125) supplemental to an act
entitled "An act to incorporate the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid in tbo
construction of its road, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1871 ; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and recommitted to the Committee
'on the Public Lands, not to be brought back
into the House on a motion to reconsider. j
IilGIIT OF SUFFRAGE.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to have taken from the
Speaker's table and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, Senate bill No. 793, to
amend an act to enforce the rights of citizens
of the United States to vote in the several
States of this Union, and for other purposes.
Mr.'RANDALL. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I simply
ask to have it referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. RANDALL. I know; and then the
committee would have the right to report it
to the House for action.
JOHN E. HANKS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the Bouse of Representatives:
I herewith return for the farther consideration of
Congress, without my approval, House bill No. 1550,
an act for tbo relief of the estate of Dr. John
Hanks, for the reason that the records of the Treas-
ury Department show ttiat the current moneys taken
by Colonel S. B. llolahird from the Louisiana State
Bank of New Orleans, in the month of August, 1802,
were accounted tor by that officer to the Treasury
Department, and the names of tne depositors given,
and that the name of Dr. John F. Hanks does not
appear among them.
It also appears from the records of the Treasury
Department that among the effects taken from the
Louisiana State Bank of New Orleans was the sum
of $1,729 of confederate money, and tbat the said
sum stood upon the books of said bank to the credit
of J. F. Hanks. It is but justice, however, to the
executors of the estate of JDr. Hanks to state that
there is every reason to beiieve that the money de-
posited by Dr. Hanks in tho Louisiana State Bank
was m current funds, and that when application
was made to Congress for the recovery of the same
they believed and had evidence to satisfy them that
such funds had found their way into tho Treasury
of the United States. There has unquestionably
bsen a mistake made, either by the officers of tho
Louisiana State Bank or the persons engaged in
removing the funds of that bank, by which the estate
of Dr. Hanks is loser to the amount of relief afforded
by House bill No. 1350. .
Accompanying this I send the statement lurnisiieel
by the Secretary of the Treasury of the funds cov-
ered into his Department, and accounted for through
it arising from the seizure of funds ofthe Louisiana
State Bank of New Orleans, in the month of August,
jg62. U. S. OrKAJNX.
Executive Maxsion, March 28,1872.
The SPEAKER. Accompanying this mes-
sage there is a communication from the Treas-
ury Department. If there be no objection,
the message and accompanying communica-
tion will be ordered to be printed, and will be
referred to the Committee of Claims, with the
right to reportatany time, as, being an Exec-
utive veto, it is somewhat in the nature of a
privileged matter. _ .
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
LIS AVI! TO PRINT.
Mr. HERNDON obtained leave to have
printed in the Globe some remarks of a gen-
eral nature. [See Appendix.]
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled- a bill (S. No. 681) to provide for the
reporting and printing of the debates in Con-
gress ; when the Speaker signed the same.
proposed session for debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] desires the Chair to sub-
mit again his requost that tne House may hold
sessions to-morrow and Saturday for debate
only as in Committee of the Whole, no busi-
ness whatever to be transacted. . Is there
objection ?
Several members objected.
The motion of Mr. Cox that the House
adjourn was then agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ACKER: Memorials of citizens of
Whitemarsh, Pennsylvania, and Spring Mill,
Pennsylvania, engaged in the manufacture of
earthen, stoneware, and clay drain and sewer,
pipes, &c., remonstrating against the proposed
reduction of the duty on earthenware or stone-
ware, and in favor of making it the law of the
land that hereafter all foreign earthenware,
stoneware, or clay drain or sewer-pipes, or
chimney-flues, shall pay a specific duty of
seven dollars per ton, and the bends, branches,
and other fittings of such pipes and flues,
nine dollars per ton, and all foreign clay
chimney-tops, shall pay a specific duty of ten
dollars per ton, the duty on raw clay now being
five dollars per ton.-
By Mr. AMBLER: The petitions of citizens
of Sloan's Station, McCoy's, and Elliottsville,
Jefferson county, Ohio, engaged in the manu-
facture of earthen, clay, and stoneware drain
and sewer-pipes, chimney tops and flues, and
other wares of clay, remonstrating against any
reduction of duties on such wares, and pray-
ing that such wares may be subjected to specific
duties of seven dollars, nine dollars, and ten
dollars per ton.
By Mr. BIRD : The petition of citizens of
I New Brunswick, New Jersey, remonstrating
! against the proposed reduction of the duties
on stoneware and earthenware.
By Mr. ELDREDGE: The memorial of
the mayor and 100 others, citizens of the
city of Sheboygan, for appropriation of Hie
full sum recommended by the department of
engineers for the improvement of the harbor
at Sheboygan, because of the necessity of
dredging the same so as to admit the vessels
necessary to be run in connection with the rail-
road line.
By Mr. ELY: The petition of the Cox-
sackie Savings Institution for repeal of tax.
By Mr. HANKS: The memorial of Silas
F. Field, presentinga claim against the United
States for $1,988 80, being the amount received
by the United States upon sale of property in
the city of Little Rock, Arkansas, in excess of
(he taxes due thereon.
By Mr. LANSING: The petition of David
Woodworth, for an allowance of bounty for
! service in the Army in the suppression of the
rebellion.
Also, the petition of Andrew J. Phinney,
for an allowance of bounty for services as a
private in the Army in the suppression of the
rebellion.
By Mr. McHENRY: The memorial of N.
B. Allen, praying compensation for revenue
stamps destroyed by fire.
By Mr. McJUNICIN: The petition of
George I. Bond, James T. Buchanan, Frank
Bell, and Co others, citizens of Pennsylvania,
piaying the passage of House bill No. 1738,
allowing totally and partially disabled soldiers
and sailors an increase of pension.
Also, the petition of John II. Knopp, C.
A. Metcalf, V. Harrington, and 20 others,
citizens of Washington, District of Columbia,
praying the passage of House bill No. 1738,
allowing tolally and partially disabled soldiers
and sailors an increase of pension.
By Mr. MAYNARI) : The memorial of
Henry Hommel, of Knoxville, Tennessee,
praying to be reimbursed for property de-
stroyed during the late rebellion.
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of the Grand
Trunk Railway Company, for remission of
duties paid on rerolted iron in February, 1866.
By Mr. SPRAGUE: The petition of Edward
Wood, of Vincents, Washington county, Ohio,
praying a pension.
By Mr. STEVENSON : The petition of D.
J. Chadwick and 35 others, mail-route agents,
praying increase of salary.
POST ROUTE BILL INTRODUCED.
The following was introduced, and referred
to the Committee on tho Post Office and Post
Roads:
By Mr. WALDEN : A bill for a mail route
from Centerville, via Walnut city, to Tyrone,
Iowa.
IN SENATE.
Monday, April 1, 1872.
Praver by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
i max, D. D.
1 On motion of Mr. MORTON, and by unani-
j mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
i the proceedings of Thursday last was dispensed
1 wilh.
| HOUSE BILL RliI'DIUtED.
The bill (II. II. No. 279) to repeal section
one of an act to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide a temporary government for the
Territory of Idaho, approved March 3, 1863,"
approved March '1, 1867, was read twice by
| its title, and referred to the Committee on
: Territories.
! ORDElt OF BUSINESS
Mr. BLAIIt. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate, after the morning business is
through, to call up Senate bill No. 420 to con-
fer jurisdiction on the Court of Claims to hear
and determine the su:t of Carondelet vs. the
United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unani-
mous consent. Is there-objection?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We had better go through
with the morning business first.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask to call it up after the
morning business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think the best way to
do business here is to go through with the
morning business, and then let gentlemen take
up their Bills. That is what the rules provide.
I do not wish to object to my friend more tlian
anybody else ; but'l think that is tlie best way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Itrequires unani-
mous consent to take up the bill, even subject
to the morning business, and the Senator from
Vermont objects.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented a
petition of citizens of Michigan, late soldiers
of the Army of the United States, praying
the enactment of a law for the equalization of
bounties, allowing $8 33-J per month for the
time of service to all soldiers; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WINDOM presented thirteen petitions
of citizens of Minnesota, soldiers in the late
war, piaying tbc equalization of bounties;
which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. FENTON presented four memorials of
citizens of New York, asking the exclusion
from Federal office of all persons-addicted to
the use of intoxicating liquors as a beverage;
which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER presented _ a petition of
Francis Curtis and others, asking for an Amer-
ican register for the ship St. Albans, formerly
the American ship Henrietta JTarcy, nowunder
British register; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Springfield, Massachusetts, asking for the
passage of the bill now pending befoie the
Senate for the payment of French spoliation
claims ; which was ordered to lie on the table.
