1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
thirds vote of each House, the bills which pass
on this subject, not being of an ordinary legis-
lative character, need not be submitted to the
President.
Ivir, EDMUNDS. Mr. President, it is not
at all material io the decision of this question
whether or not my friend from Illinois is right
as to whether this bill wlieu passed requires to
have the signature of the President to make
it a law. The point is one of order, whether
we eaii change a bill (for this certainly on the
face of it is a bill) designed for one purpose,
which requires a vote of two thirds, by adding
to it something that does not require two
thirds. That is all. Now, if you believe Jef-
ferson's Manual, and every Democrat ought to
do that, if not every Republican, then you
must believe that you can change this propo-
sition into anything you please, because he
declares that—
"Amendments may be made so as totally to alter
the nature of the proposition; and it is a way of get-
ting rid of a proposition, by making it, bear a sonso
different l'rom what it was intended by the movers,
so that they vote against it themselves. A new bill
may be ingrafted, by way of amendment, on the
words ' lie it enacted/"
So thai, according to Jefferson, an J accord-
ing to every other book 011 parliamentary law,
whatever the nature of this bill may be now,
whether it requires a unanimous vote, or two
thirds, or a majority vote—because that is
only the method of getting at the sense ot the
Senate—you may turn it into any other pro-
vision that you please by strikiug out every-
thing except u be it enacted," or "be it
resolved," or whatever the form of the open-
ing proposition is.
Now, the argument of iny friend from Dela-
ware—and it wuuld be potent against Jr(u-,i-
son weie it nut for what lam to lead to liim—
is met by the lact that in the House of Repre-
sentatives, in order to change the pailiument-
aiy law, they provide by express rulj, being
the forty-eighth rule of the House, what 1 will
now lead :
'* Thut no motion or proposition on 0, subject difTer-
enttrom that under consideration shall be admitted
under color of amendment, and no bill or resolution
shall at any time be amended by aimexin# thereto
or incorporating therewith any bill or resolution
pending beioie the llouse."
Mr. BAYARD. The decision made by the
House in the case that 1 mentioned was irre-
spective of their own pocuiiir law, upon the
sjteci.il ground that that which would make the
amendment the law would not make ihe bill
to which it whs tacked a law.
Mr. EDMUNDS, if we can refer to what
occurred in the other llouse as authoriiy with-
out viol. ting tl e rule, winch we do violate alto-
geiher too much by referring to proceedings
ot 1 he llouse -—-
Mr. DAYAKD. I do not see that it is a
violation ot the rule.
Mr. EDMUNDS, I do not say it-is; T only
speak ol it under reserve, so thht I may not be
thought to violate the rule. That lact v.as
used by the Speaker as n reason to show that
the proposed amendment was not germane,
and therefore thai, it iell within the inhibition
of the rule. That was the point. It did not
lequire any reason at all to be given to show
that under the mles of the House of Ilopre-
s-enUtives a proposition different in its nature
from that under consideration could not be
received, because the rult i« as pk,in as it can
bo. Then the point would be when this amend-
ment was ottered, is it a proportion different
from ihe bill under consideration? The Speaker
says no, for the mason that one of them is of
a nature that requires a vote of two thuds and
the other is not, which shows clearly that they
are of a dile rent nature in an e^ential sense.
Mr. BAYARD. Do 1 understand the hon-
orable Senator to sav that when the decision
in the llouse of Kepre^entaitves 011 this sub-
ject was made it was for the reason he lias
staled, that it was in conflict with the rule of
that House?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. 15AYAKD. He makes the statement
of his own knowledge, I presume.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; I makeveryfew
statements of my own knowledge, because my
life has been pretty short, and I usually speak
from knowledge which 1 have gathered in one
way and another, and out of books. What I
mean to have my friend from Delaware under-
stand is, not that 1 am speaking now of my
personal recollection of precisely what reason
the Speaker gave in terms; but I am taking
the word of my friend, which with tnc is always
verity, that the Speaker did say, in pronoun-
cing that this amendment was not in order in
the course of roudering that judgment, that
one of these propositions required the vote of
two thirds of the House, and the other did not.
Now, what I add is, what I think must be
obvious to every gentleman who has watched the
parliamentary proceedings of the two Houses,
that that was the opinion of the Speaker in
pronouncing judgment on the point made under
tiie forty-eighth rule that the amendment was
not germane ; and as one of the reasons to show
the House that his judgment was right he re-
ferred to the fact that the nature of the two
propositions was different.
The llouse of Representatives have under-
taken to reverse the parliamentary law of Jef-
ferson by their own conventional rule of pro-
ceeding, for their own purposes. The Senate of
the United States, on the contrary, has under-
taken to stand 011 the Manual, without any rule
of prohibition of that kind, in order that the
Senate might, if they chose, entirely upset a
proposition, and ingraft upon it, or substitute
for H another of a totally different character;
and within the shoit space that 1 have occu-
pied a pi,ice in this Chamber I think 1 do not
say too much when 1 say that in more than
a dozen instances has this very question of
entirely changing the nature of a proposition
or introducing into it another of an entirely
different, nature been raided, and it has always
been ruled in the way that I name. That, to
be sure, at this moment, does not touch the
point of my friend from Ohio, as to whether
this is to be affected at all by the fact that two
thirds are required to pass this bill. Where is
the essential difference in that? Three fifths
are required, I believe, by the constitution
of the State of New Yoik to pass a money bill.
Am I not right ?
Mr. CON KLIN"Gr. Certain money bills.
Mr. MDMUNDS. Now, would my friend
from Ohio maintain that under the constitu-
tion of a State which required two thirds or
three tilths to pass a paiticular class of bills
that class of bills could not, under the princi-
ples of parliamentary law, be amended, and
be amended by inteijecting into them, if a
majority sav/ tit, any propositions which need
not have recpnred two thuds or three filths 5
as, lor instance, a limitation, by way of legis-
lation, upon the method in which the money
•should be expended, or, as we often do, a dis-
tinct proposition of legislation touching the
management of the Department who are to
expend the money in other respects. I am
sure he cannot maintain that.
But now my friend from Illinois comes back
to the charge upon the ground that in the
legislative sense this is not a bill at all. and
that we are only going through a constitutional
foim of expressing our minds addressed to the
people condemned by the fourteenth amend-
ment to a denial of certain legal and political
rights, that thev shall labor under that denial
no longer; and that it is not an act. of legis-
lation at, all; it is not an act of law. I do not
think that would make any ditference as to
this point of order, if it were true; but is it
true? Let us see, because that is a point ot
much more importance than the question
whether this amendment can be voted upon
011 this bill or not, for I have 110 idea that the
amendment will be adopted, and hence it is
merely an abstract question which of course
it is well enough to have settled.
The fourteenth amendment provides in its
third section that—
"No person shall be a Senator or Representative
in Congress/' * *" * * "who, having
previously taken an oath/' * * * *
"shall have engaged in insurrection or rebellion
against the same, or given aid or comfort to the
enemies thereof. But Congress may by a vote of
two thirds of each llouse reniovo such disability."
What is this disability which is imposed by
the fundamental law of the land ? Is it not a
disability which is imposed by law and a law
of the highest character? Is it not in the nature
of a legislative condemnation, or a denial of
rights, as a punishment for crime? So the
Supreme Court have decided in the Missouri
case, not as applied to this Constitution but to
the constitution of Missouri. Therefore the
object of this act, which we are now ro pass, is
to provide by a law, which is the supreme declar-
ation of the sovereign power, that persons who
do not now enjoy certain legal rights under the
law may enjoy them, if that is not a law in
the philosophic and in the legal sense, 1 should
be largely obliged to my honorable fliend from
Ohio to tell me what a law is. 1 have for a
good while labored under the delusion, if it, is
a delusion, that giving by force of thesovei eign
power to a person rights that he did not before
possess was an act of law, just as much as de-
priving him of rights which he did not before
possess, either by the direct condemnation of
the sovereign power, or through its courts or
through whatever agency might be lawful and
constitutional, was also an act of the t-iw.
Now turn back where the word ''Congress"
is mentioned, in the third section of the fourth
article of the Constitution:
"Now States may be admitted by the Congress
into this Union."
That is an act very analogous to what is said
about constitutional amendments; it is an act
of purely political significance it creates no
private rights ; it destroys no private rights; it
is just as much an act of pure political signifi-
cance and instance as a treaty is. It is in a
certain sense a constitutional method of making
a treaty of a peculiar kind, and it has m it no
other element of law, when you u^e the teim
law in its municipal sense as applied to indi-
viduals. Now, the honorable Senator from
Illinois will not contend that a State can be
admitted into this Union without the appnnal
of the Piesident to a bill for that, purpose,
although the President is not referred to.
Then go to the fourteenth amendment, and, as
I said before, it declares in the same language
and by the same description that the Congress
may remove from persons under a ceiNiin
legal disability that legal disability by a vute
of two thirds. Is the point that you need not
have a presidential ora gubernatorial signature
in a case where two thitdn of the legislative
bodies by their constitution have acted upon
the matter? Are not, the New Yoik money
bills to be signed? Of course ihoy are. No-
body can make a point of that kind. There-
fore the fact that two thirds of Congress, for
the greater security of the Government a<ia\n-.r
treason, are to he called upon to express the-r
absent before this restoration shall take place,
does not change the legal nature of the res
toration or the grounds upon which it may
legally proceed at all. It only makes it a bale
more difficult to pass a law which ^lail accom-
plish that object.
Mr. SUMNER. Will th" Senator allow me
just there to call his attention to another pio-
visioQ of the Constitution?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With great pleasure.
Mr. SUMNEK. The great grant of powers
to the Congress is in section eight, article one.
and it begins: '"The Congress shall have
power to lay and collect taxes," "to lonow
money,'1 "to regulate commeice.*5 k'to de-
clare war,11 &c. ; and so going on to the end.
But I take it that nobody has imagined that
