1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3849
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, and Mr. PETERS
called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. YOUNG. Is it in order to call the
yeas and nays on this motion?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Why not?
Mr. YOUNG. It is not in order to call
the yeas and nays when there is not a quorum
in the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
overrules the point of order. It is in order
to call the yeas and nays if one fifth of those
present direct them to be called. The ques-
tion is now upon ordering the yeas and nays,
upon the motion of the gentleman (rora Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. [Ioaiv] that further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and upon a division there
were—ayes 24, noes G8.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yea1* and nays were ordered.
Mr. IIOJLi.UAN. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Would it be in order to
ask unanimous consent that a recess be now
taken until ten o'clock to-morrow morning?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would if
a quorum were present.
Air. HOLMAN. Then I make that request.
Mr, 15UTLEU, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. ilOLMAN. 1 ask unanimous consent
that a lecess he taken until hall past ten to-
morrow.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to any recess.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. IIoak, and there were—yeas 41, nays
CO, not voting 133 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Binsrham, Austin Blair,
Buckley, Bullinton, Burchard, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick 11. Butler, Conger, Donnan. Barnes,
l^iukelnburg, "Wilder D. FoMer. Gurtield, Uoodrich,
llalsev. llandlcy, llawley, II.vy, (Jerry W. Jlnzel-
ton, Jlibbard, Hoar, Lowe, Mclntyre, M<*Kce,
Niblack, P.ickmd. Perce, Peters, Potter, Prindlc,
llainey, Ellis 11. Roberts. Sawyer, Sbellabarger,
11. Boardman femiih, John A. Smith, Thomas,
Waltlmn, Wiilaid, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—41.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barntun, Barry, Beatty,
Beck, Bird, Braxton. Bright, Burdett, Campbell,
Coghlan. Coiningo, Conner, Crebs, Critcher, Cross-
land, Dickey, Box, Duke, Bunnell, Cbailes Foster,
Henry 1). lister, Frye, Getz, Giddings, Golladay,
llaldeman, llaiubleton. Hancock, Harper, George
li. Harris, John X. llarris, llerelord, Holtnan. King,
Leach, Maiison, McClelland, McCormiek. .\lcGrew,
Alerriain, Benjamin F. Meyers, Moore. Orr, ilosca
VI. l'arkcr. 1-a.io C. Parker, Price, Randall. Head,
William 11. Roberts, llobinson, Sion 11. llogers.
Session*. Shoemaker, Slater, K. Milton Speer, Taffc,
Terry, Washington Townsend. Turner, Twichell,
Wallace, Wells, Wliittboruo, Wiiliauis of Indiana,
anfl Young—<>(>.
NOC VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Ambler, Ames.
Arthur, Averttl, Banks, Barber, Bell, Beveridge,
Bigby, Biggs, James G. Dlair, Boles, Brooks, Cald-
well, Carroll. Clarke, Cobb, Cobuin. Cotton, Cox,
Creely, Crocker, Darrall, Davis, Daives, Do Large,
l)u Bose. Duell, lildrcdge. Elliott,, Ely. Farnswortlt,
F.irwell, Forkcr, Garrett, Gnfiitb, Hale, Hanks,
llarmer. Havens, Hays. John W. UaxcUon^ Hern-
don, Hill. Hooper, Houghton, Kclley, Kellogg,
Kendall, Kerr, Ketcham, Killinger, Kinsclla, Laun-
fion. Lamport. Lansing. Lewis. Lyncb, Marshall,
Maynard, AlcCrao, Mcllenry, JMcJunkin, McKin-
ney, McNcely, Mercur, Merrick, Mitchell, Mouroe,
Morey, Morgan, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Ncgley,
Packer, Palmer, Peek, Pendleton. Aaron F. Perry,
Eli Perry, l'latt, Poland, J'ortor, Edward Y. llice,
John M. liice, Ritchie, John llogers, Roosevelt,
Husk. Sargent, Scotield, Seeley. Shanks, Sheldon,
Sherwood, Sliobcr, Slocum. Sloss, Worthington C.
Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Xhomas J. Speer, Sprague,
Starkwoatbei. Stevens, Stevenson. Storm, Stough-
ton. fttowcll. Strong. St. John. Sutherland, Swaun,
Sypher, Dvvight Townsend, Tuthill, Xyner, Upson,
Van Trumiv Vauglian. Voorhees, Waddell, Wake-
man, Walden. Walls. Warren, "Wheeler, Whiteley,
"Williams of New York, John X.Wilson, Winches-
ter, and Wocd—Klo.
So the motion to dispense with further pro-
ceedings under the call was not agreed to.
Din ing the roll call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. DONNAN. My colleague, Mr. W/t,-
5>ex, is confined to his room by sickness. If
present he would vole "ay." [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. My colleague,
Mr. Tynkk, is absent ou account of sick-
ness.
Mr. WILLARD. My colleague, Mr. Po-
land, is absent. If here he would vote "ay."
[Laughter.]
Mr. MANSON. My colleague, Mr. Kntn,
is absent on account of sickness.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The SPEAKER pro tempore directed the
doors to be closed.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is the
besl thing that can be done for all parties.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania. I ask
unanimous consent that a recess be taken
until ten o'clock to morrow morning.
Mr. GAUFIELU, of Ohio. That proposi-
tion has been made and objected to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House,
in the absence of a quorum, has >10 power to
take a recess. The only motions in order are
to proceed with the Call, to dispeuse with the
call, or to adjourn.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 47, noes 63.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 call for
tellers.
Mr. COGHLAN". I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. I wish to inquire whether proceed-
ings under the call are going on at this time
during these dilatory motions?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly not.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. What does
the gentleman mean by "proceedings under
the call?"
Mr. COGHLAN. Have the doors been
closed, and has the Sergeant-at-Arms been
sent for absentees?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The doors
have been closed, but excuses hare not been
received, nor has the House made any order
to send for absentees. The Chair, of course,
has not the power to make such an order with-
out the action of the House.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania. Does not
that follow as a matter of course, under the
rules of the House?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No; it re-
quires an express order of the House to 6eud
lor absentees. The pending question is upon
the motion to adjourn, on which (he gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Gakkikld] has asked for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered -, and Mr. Garpiei.ii,
of Ohio, and Mr. Foster, of Pennsylvania,
were appointed..
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 35, noes 60.
Mr. PERCE and Mr. HOAR called for the
yeas and nays.
Tbe yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the yeas and nays
were ordered.
Mr. HOAR. I riseto apointof order, that
when no quorum is present a motion to recon-
sider cannot be entertained.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And we cannot
reconsider an order for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Mississippi [Mr. Harius] moves to
reconsider the vote by which the yeas and
nays were ordered ; and the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] raises the point
of order that the Douse cannot entertain a
motion to reconsider except in the presence
of a quorum. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Gaukiki.1)] makes the point that an order for
the yeas and nays cannot be reconsidered. The
Chair overrules the point of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.] Indeed an order
for the yeas and nays was only to-day recon-
sidered in this House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It was the first
precedent of that kind, I believe, and in my
judgment a wrongful precedent.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
directs the Clerk to read a paragraph from
the Manual.
The Clerk read as follows :
"An order of the yeas and nays or a refusal of the
yeas and nays may do reconsidered."
Mr. PEllCB. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry, whether the yeas and nays can be
called upon the mo'ion of the gentleman from
Mississippi.[Mr. IIaiikis?]
Mr. RANDALL. They cannot.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
has not yet acted on the motion of the gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. Hauris,] and the
Chair will reserve his decision until tbe ques-
tion actually arises.
Mr. HOAR. 1 call the attention of the Chair
tothe fact that lie has not jet decided tny point
of order, that 110 motion to reconsider is in
order when the House is without a quorum.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, when the
House is without a quorum the House can do
but one of three things: it can send for the
absentees, it can adjourn, and it can wait with-
out doing anything. [Laughter.] 
Mr. DICKEY. If the Sergeant-at Arms
had been sent for the absentees we would have
had them here long ago 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. But on any
motion it is competent for the House to enter-,
tain the yeas and nays can be ordered, and a
motion to reconsider the vote ordering the yeas
and nays is in order.
Mr. HEREFORD. I move to send the Ser-
geant-at-Arms for the absentees.
The SPISAICERjp?-o tempore. Thequestion
is on reconsidering the vote ordering the yeas
and navs.
Mr. PETERS. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. Can we reconsider that vole if there
is one fifth of the members present calling for
the yeas and nays? There is a constitutional
right that one-filth of those present can order
the yeas and nays.
The question was taken ; and the House
refused to reconsider the vote ordering the
yeas and nays.
The question then recurred on the motion
to adjourn.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 41, nays G4, not voting
185; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Beatty, Bingham. Austin
Blair, Buckley. Buflinton, Burchard, Benjamin F.
Butler,Roderick It. Butler. Conger, Lhinnan, Karnes,
Finkelnbiirg, Wilder D. Foster.Garlield. (let7,. Good-
rich, llalscy. Hundley, Ilawley, IIiiy, Gerry W.
Hazel ton. llibbard, Lowe, Mclveo, l'ercc, Peters,
Potter, Prindle, Ilainey, Ellis II. Roberts. Sawyer,
Shanks, Sbollabarger, 11. Boardman Smith. John
A. Smith. Terry, Thomas, Waldron, Wtllard, and
Jercininh M. Wilson—41.
NAVS—Messrs. Archer, Barnum, Barry, Beck,
Boll, Bigby,Bird, Braxton, Bright, Burdott, Camp-
bell, Coghlan, Couiingo, Conner, Crebs, Critcher,
Crosslarid, Dickey, Box, Duke, Bunnell, Charles
Foster, Frye, Giddings, Golladay, llaldeman, H.im-
bleton, Hancock, llarmcr, Georgo K. Harris, John
T, llarris, Hereford, ltolinan. King, Leach. Mauf-on,
McClelland, MeCormick, AlcGrew. Mclntyre, Mer-
rimn, Benjamin F. Meyers. Niblack, Orr, Packard,
Hosea. W. Parker, Price. Randall. Read, llobinson,
Sion 11. llogers, Sesions, Shoemaker, Slater, It.
Milton Speer, Taffc.Washington Townsend, Turner,
Wallace, Walts, Wells, Whitthorno, Williams of
Indiana, and Young—64.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Arthur, Avcnil, Banks, Harbor, Beveridge. Biggs,
James G. Blair, Boles. Brooks, Caldwell, Carroll,
Clarke,Cobb, Coburn, Cotton, Cox, Creely, Crocker,
Darrall, Davis, Dawes. Do Large, I)u Bose, Dueli,
Eldr^dge, Elliott. Ely, Farnsworth. Karwell, Forkcr,
Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Griffith, Hale, Honks,
Harper, llavcns. Hays. John W. Hazclton, llern-
don, Hill, Hoar, llooner. Iloughton, Kcllev, Kel-
logg, Kendall, Kerr, Ketcham, lvillinger, Kinsella
Lauiison, Lamport. Lansing, Lewis. Lynch. Mar-
shall, Jlaynard. McCrnry, Mcllenry, JlcJunkin.
McKinney, JIcNcely, JUercur, Merrick, Mitehell.
Monroe, Moore, Morey. Morgan, Morphia, Leonard
Myers. Net'ley. Packer, l'aluier, Isaac C. Parker,
Peck, Pendleton, Aaron I4. Perry, Kli Perry, Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Edward Y. llicc, John -M. Hice,
Ritchie, William It. Roberts, John llogers, Roose-
velt, llusk, Sargent, Scofleld, Seciey. Sheldon, Sher-
wood, Shober. Slocum, Sloss, WortUington C. fcmith,
Snapt>, Snyder, Thomas J. Spccr, Spragnc, Stark-
weather. Stevens. Stevenson, Storuii Stoughton,
Stowell, Strong. St. John. Sutherland. Swann. Sy-
pher, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill. Twicbell. Tyner,
ijj'son. Van TrUuip, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell,
Wakeman, Walden. VVarren, Wheeler, Whiteley,
Williams of New York, John T, Wilson, Winches-
ter, and Wood—135.
So the House refused to adjourn.
