3850
THE C0JST(xBJSSSIOISrAL GLOBE.
May 24,
During the call of the roll,
Mr. McKEE said : Mr. Speaker, if my col-
league, Mr. Morphis, were here, lie would
vote "ay."
A Member. Why?
Mr. McKEE. Because he is a sensible man.
Mr. BARRY. I wish to state that Mr.
Mokpiiis is absent on account of sickness.
Tiie vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. HEREFORD. I now move the usual
resolution, that the Sergeant-at-Arms take into
custody all members now absent without leave,
and bring them to the bar of the House
forthwith.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order,
that the rules require that all motions shall be
read aloud by the Clerk of the House. The
Clerk of the House is not present, and the
rulesrequireall motions shall bemadebyhim.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The chief
clerk of the House is present, and the Chair
overrules the point of order.
Mr. DICKEY. How does the gentleman
from Massachusetts know the Clerk is not
here, when he is looking him in the face?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Before the
• Chair puts the question on the resolution of
the gentleman trom Virginia [Mr. Hereford]
he will receive excuses for absentees.
Mr. PEllCE. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. I desire t,o know whether a
motion to dispense wit.h further proceedings
tinder this call would now be in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Such a mo-
tion would be in order although the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from West Vijginia
[Mr. Hereford] is pending.
Mr. CONGER. J rise to offer an excuse.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will hear it.
Mr. CONGER. My colleague, General
Stotjghton, is absent on account of sickness.
I move that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOTLElt, of Massachusetts. My col-
league, Mr. Crocker, is absent on leave. I
desire also to say that my colleague, Mr.
Hooper, is absent on account of sickness.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The Chair
will direct the roll to be called, that excuses
may be offered for absentees.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and
called the name of Mr. Adams.
Mr. CROSSLAND. My colleague, Mr.
Adams, left the House only half au hour be-
fore the Call of the House was ordered, suffer-
ing with a severe headache. I move that he
be excused.
Mr. HOAR. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HEREFORD. I rise to a question of
order. I ask whether the yeas and nays can be
called on a motion to excuse a member when
a motion is pending that absent members shall
be taken into custody by the Sergeant-at-Arms?
The SPEAKER pro' tempore. The Chair
will receive excuses for those who are absent,
because those excused cannot be brought iu
by the Sergeant atr-Arms.
Mr. HALDEMAN. T rise to make a par-
liamentary inquiry. 1 ask whether there is
anything else to be done, after the House has
refused to adjourn, but to carry out its order,
which is that a call of the House shall be had?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In order to
carry out the order for a call of the House,
the first thing is to hear the excuses of- ab-
S6iH
Mr. HEREFORD. The absentees are not
yet here.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Is it in order
for any person but the absentee himself to offer
the excuse ?
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order.
I called for the yeas and nays on the motion to
excuse the gentleman from Kentucky.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair,
in reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
begs to state that it is the practice immediately
after the doprs are closed to receive from mem-
bers who are present excuses for members who
are absent. The doors have been closed. The
House is about to order, if so it pleases, that
absent members shall be brought in, provided
they are absent without leave. But, in the
first place, in order to ascertain who shall be
brought in, the Chair will hear excuses from
those who are present for those who are not
in attendance.
Mr. HALDEMAN. I rise to a question of
order, I will ask whether, before a call which
has been ordered has been executed, excuses
can be allowed or asked for ?
Mr. HEREFORD. Until the resolution is
adopted which I have sent to the desk, we do
not know that there is to be really any call of
the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The doors
having been closed, excuses will be received
from those present for members who are
absent. The Clerk will read the rule appli-
cable to this matter.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Upon Galls of the House, the names of *hc mem-
bers shall be eallcd over (alphabetically—Itule35)
by the Clerk, and the absentees noted. After which
the names of the absentees shall again be called
over. Ihc doors shall then be shut, and those tor
whom no excuse or insufficient excuses are made,
may, by order of those present, if fifteen in number,
bo taken into custody as tbey appear, or may be
sent tor and taken into custody wherever to be
found, by special messengers to be appointed for
that purpose."
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House
will perceive that the Chair has no power
to issue his warrant for absent members to be
taken into custody until an opportunity has
been given to offer excuses for them.
Mr. COGHLAN. Would a single objection
prevent the reading of the roll-call, that ex-
cuses may be made? Is it not the duty of any
member who has an excuse to make for an
absentee, to make that excuse without the read-
ing of the names?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk
will call the roll of the absentees, in order that
excuses may be offered in such manner as to
be intelligible and to make a proper record to
be kept. The gentleman will see that if gen-
tlemen get up in all parts of the House and offer
excuses at once, no record can be kept of the
gentlemen who are absent. All this goes upon
the Journal. Every member who is not here
to answer on the call is in default, and it is for
his friends and colleagues to make excuse for
him, and in order that all this may go on the
Journal, the business must proceed iu an
orderly way.
Mr. PETERS. I rise to a privileged motion.
I move that all further proceedings under the
call be dispensed with.
Mr. PERCE. I desire to call the attention
of the Speaker to page 36 of the Manual,
from which, with the consent of the Speaker,
I will read :
" It is not in order for the House to take a, recess
(luring a call of the House. [Indeed, no motion,
except to adjourn or with reference to the call, is
ever entertained during a call.]"
Now, sir, we have just passed on a motion
to adjourn, and I submit that a motiou is in
order to dispense with further proceedings
under the call.
Mr. DICKEY. I would ask whether there
is not a motion now pending to send for absen-
tees? and until that is disposed of no other
motion can be entertained.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
to dispense with further proceedings under the
call will be in order when the gentleman from
Maine can get, the floor to make it. The gen-
tleman cannot get the floor to make it yet.
Mr. PETERS. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As to what?
Mr. PETERS. That it is not in order to
move at any time that further proceedings
under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. HEREFORD. I believe I have the
floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk
has the floor for the purpose of calling the roll
for excuses.
Mr. PETERS. If the Speaker will look at
the rule, he will notice that the motion is in
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. During the
call of absentees?
Mr. PETERS. During any stage of the
proceedings.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Then it
might be moved in the middle of a division.
Mr. PETERS. I have known it to be dona
over and over again.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would only
lead to irreparable confusion. The Clerk will
proceed to call'the list of absentees, and when
that is through, the Chair will .recognize the
gentleman from Maine.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order,
and it is thatthe question has been stated to
the House on excusing a gentleman from Ken-
tucky, and on that question T demanded the
yeas and nays, and no other business is in order
till that question is determined.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will recognize the gentleman to call the yeas
and nays in a moment.
The Clerk resumed the call of the roll, and
called the name of Oakes Ames.
Mr. HOAR. I move that my colleague he
excused for his absence, as he is called away
by unavoidable business, and on that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 24, noes 23.
Mr. McKEE. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOAR. I have already called for
them.
Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state his point of order.
Mr. TURNER. The sixth article of Bar-
clay's Digest shows that this whole proceeding
is out of order, [laughter,] and that after the
House finds itself without a quorum, when a
vote is taken they can do no further business
according to this rule exccpt to send for
the absentees. [Laughter and clapping of
hands.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Alabama makes the point of order
that the House having ascertained itself to
be without a quorum, it can do "no further
business except to send for the absentees.
The Chair sustains the point of order so far
as to say that without an order to dispense
with the call nothing is in order except, to
send for the .absentees who are absent with-
out leave and without excuse. It is for the
purpose of ascertaining what absentees there
are without leave, or without sufficient excuse,
that the call of the list of absentees is now
being made. The Clerk will proceed with the
call.
Mr. HOAR. I called for the yeas and nays
on my motion that my colleague, Mr. Ames,
be excused for being absent.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
a point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man will state his point of order.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. My point of
order ia that the geulleinau from* Massachu-
setts [Mr. Hoar] having moved that his col-
league be excused, and that motion having
been put and declared by the Chair to be
carried, he now has no right to call for the
yeas and nays on his motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. On what
ground ? That the call was made too late, or
that it is on his own motion ?
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. On both
grounds, but particularly that it was his own
motion, and declared by the Chair to have
been sarried, and that he himself voted in the
