2954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
That while ihey are in full sympathy with the
desire of the House to exercise the strictest econ-
omy, they have been compelled, by the facts de-
veloped, to adopt the conclusions embraced in this
report as just to the Territories and economical to
the Government.
l^rom the organization of the first Territory up to
18b7 it is belived that Congress has uniformly recog-
nized the duty of the Government to provide build-
ings for public use 111 the several Territories, and it
is difficult to perceive any good reason for making
the Territories named in this bill an exception to
the rule vso generally adhered to. The amounts ap-
propriated for public buildings in the several Ter-
ritories have been by no moans uniform. Thus,
Nebraska, received $55,000; Kunsa?, §50,000; Utah,
$05,000; Ne\v Mexico, -$150,000; Minnesota, $S0,000,
and Iowa $35,000, and thirty-two hundred acres of
land.
Thirty-five thousand dollarsin two apprporiations
were given to the Teriitoiy of Washington lor Cap-
itol buildings Of this puui only about six thousand
dollars have been expended in clearing a site from
heavy timber, and erecting thereon, some seventeen
years ago, a temporjiry wooden structure, which is
now in a state of dilapidation. The remainder of
those appropriations was covered back into the
Xreasury.
The appropriations for capitol buildings hitherto
have been made and expended at times when the
cost of both material and labor were much lower
than at present; and although the amount named
in the bill is considerably less than the average of
appropriations heretofore made for the same pur-
pose, the committee believe that it will be found
Miftieient if economically expended.
Ihe committee have discovered no objection to the
planot setting aside the proceeds derived from in-
ternal icvenuc in the several Teiritories for the
purpose of erecting capitol buildings therein, but
favor it, as such a course will be attended with less
trouble and expense to the Government than a direct
appropriation from the Treasury, which would in-
volve the transmission of the funds so appropriated,
and a return to the Treasury of the revenues col-
lected in each Territory.
From an examination of the last report of the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue it appears that
t itieie nave been collected, under the internal rove*
mio sy^toni, m Iho Territory of Ari/.ona, $Gl),;m:
lUkoln, WW : Wyoming, |fl,KS0; Idaho, $i;,2.7U(>;
M. iilaiia f?8 ,042; WashuiKton, #47,'I 831: and Colo-
rado, *821 malum? a total of $2,473,ODD. and a net
balance of over ^4,800.(100, after deducting the cost
of collection. When it is considered th.it tho in-
leinal revenue system has been organized buta, short
time in several ot the Territones named, it becomes
evident that, Ihis showing is equal to that of many
ot tho older Mates, and constitutes an additional
reason lor extending to theso remote and thinly
populated regions tho lavorable legislation which
has been common to the other Territories.
i'lom statements furnished by tho proper Depart-
ments your com mitt eo lind that more than $150,000
sue paid annually by tile Government in the wav of
onto buildings at the capitals of tho Terrifoiies
named in llus bill for tho use ot the civil service,
being over eleven per cent, per annum on the amount
herein recommended to bo appropriated. As many
of fhese Xemtories are remote, mountainous, and
sparsely populated, and as the period of their
Jimlifu'f ktat?s 18 Jlu-i'eforo probably somewhat
i .mote, is believed that no principle of wound
economy will be violated in making the appropria-
tion recommended. 11
Upon examination it does not appear that any
-!? cvcr 1)00n lor II capitol
building ill the iorritory of Colorado, and ns the
K,° T,'i'!'i?\lr tr"o . > recard to Arizona, Da-
kota, Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, and WashiiiKton,
wit , tho exception ot tho pi,000 before referred to
11 the case ot Washington, your oominitt.ee have
concluded to recommend an appropriation of $40 00(1
 '• 9"™  '«<! territories for tho erection of oapi-
to buildings, and that no land or money lie licio-
alter appropriated to cither of said Territories for
tijat puipose.
w£uir!,o01|',initt00 tll1or,ofi,ro.Ilave. sroed to report
7r "fi i b}ll, amended by insertinR the Territory
in .,Col.ora(l',>  "d striking out the word "fifteen,"
in tho.twenty-eighth lino, and inserting tho word
ten 111 lieu thoreot, and rceominend its passage.
Mi. lElMlb. I ask the gentleman from
lennessee [Mr. Vaughan] if he will allow my
motion to be pending to recommit this bill
to the Committee on Public Buildings and
(jrrounds? G
Ml.YACJGHAN. Imustinsiston my demand
lor the previous question.
. Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I would
inquire if it is contemplated by this bill that
the collection of the internal revenue in the
J erntoriea shall be without any regard to the
supervision of ttie internal revenue depart
ment in Washington, or whether the money is
to be paid into the Treasury of the United
fetal,es and then drawn from the Treasury for
this purpose? J
Mr. We have a special Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, who
have taken charge of ail these matters?
Ihe question was put on seconding the pre-
vious question; and there v/ere—ayes 41, noes
17 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Vaugiian
and Mr. Peters were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 60, noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. VOORHEES. Is a motion for a call
of the House in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. VOORHEES. Then I make that mo-
tion.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was put; and there were—'ayes
41, noes 47 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I call or tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Farnswobtii
and Mr. Voobhees were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 50. noes 40.
Mr. TAFFE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 45, navs 50, not voting
145; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Beck, Bingham, Bole*,
UeorgeiVl. Brooks, Buckley, Uox, Farnsworth, (irif-
hth.Liale, Uandlcy, Harper, Hawley, Hay, Gerry
W. llazelton, John W. llazelion, llerndon, lliil,
iving, MeCormusk, jVIeOrary, McGrew, JUelntyre,
MeJunkin, Jluicur, Merrick, Packer, Peck, Perce,
1 eters, lidward Y. llice. Rusk, Scofaeld, kSeeley,
feiator, 11. Boardman Smith, J ohn A. Smith. Stoush-
toii, Upson, Wnkeinan. Wallace. Wheeler, Willard,
J erenuah M. Wilson, and Wood—45.
NAYti-— Me&.-rs. Acker, Archer, Avenll, Barber,
Barnnm, Loll, Bird, Austin Blair, Braxton, Bur-
chard, Burdott, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Camp-
bell,unburn, Comingo, Conger, Crossland. Donnan,
JJueil, lJunneK, Elliott, Finkelnburg, Wilder D.
Foster, (*olladay, llainbleton, Havens, Hereford,
Kendall, ketchain, Lowe, McClelland, McNeelv,
Remain. Oir, l.saae C. Parker, Prindle, llamoy,
itanuuil, ILljis II. Roberts, Shoemaker, Storm, Tafie,
Lorry, Washington Tovnisend, Turner, Vauehan,
un(i Williams oi'Indiana—,*).
NOi VpilflG- -Messrs. Adams, Am«, Aithur,
D.inks, Barry, Realty, Bevendge. Bigby, Bijres,
James (*. Blair Bright, James Brooks, Bufhnton,
Benjamin 1. Butler, Carroll, William T. Clark, Free-
man Clarke, Cobb, Coghlan, Connor, Cotton, Creb^
Cicely, Crueller, Crocker, Darrall, Davis, Dawes,
i/M V"0' Dox, Du Bose. Duke, Karnes,
l^iUrcUge, Lly, larwoll, Porkei, Charles Poster,
ILonry D, poster, Prye. (i.irlield, Garrett, Getz,
.oodrich ll.ihleman, ll.iUcy, Uaneoek, Hanks,
jiariner Ueorse Harris, John T. Harris, Hays,
ilibbaid, 11 oar, Ho man, llooper, Uuughlon, Kellcy,
KelloKg, keir, Killiugor, lviiisella, Lamison, Lam-
1 II Leach. Lewis, Lynch, M.mson, Mar-
shall, Maynard, Mcllenry, Melvee, MeKmiiey, lien-
Jiunin 1!. Meyers, Miteholl. Monroe.Mooie. Morev,
i> m.1?!1'1! MSrVll,s' Myers, Negley, Niblack.
1 ackard, 1.aimer, IFwea W, Parker, Ppiiflleton
SlV rii!' Perry. Piatt, Poland, Porter,
i< ii v ^lC(i> John M.lliee. Ritchie,'William
R. Robeits, ltobilison, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sargent
Sawyer, bostons, bhanki>, Sliuidon, Slieltabarger,
^ n,iiV0« ^holier, hloeum Sloss, Worthiugton C.
binith, bn.ipi), Snyder, It. Milton ripeer, Thomas J
biieer otiraguo, starkweather, Stevens, Steven-
S ,-,16 t0 !f11. J"1'"- Sutherland, Bwlnn,
byphcr, Ihoinas, HwightTownsend. Tuthill. Twieh-
W „-fy"Cw\il" in"1"' Waddoll, Waldron, Walls,
W.iMtn, )Vella, Wluteley, Whitthorne, Williams
J°h" X'' Wllson' Winehostor, aud
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mi. III. II. HOBKRrS. 1 ask unanimous
consent that the House now resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union to consider the tariff bill.
Several members objected.
Mr. COX. 1 desire to know whether it is in
order to go into Committee of the Whole to
discuss our relations with Great Britain ?
Ihe SPiSAKEK. It will not be in order
to do anything except to have a call of the
House.
Mr. TAFFE. I am willing that this bill
shall go to the Committee ou Public Buildings
and Grounds, with leave to report at anytime.
L do not thmk it will provoke much discus-
sion when gentlemen understand it.
•r Ii. KEiIi. That order will be made,
it there be no objection.
No objection was made, and the bill was
referred accordingly.
tkkkitohy of oklahoma.
.Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, from the Com-
mittee on the Territories, reported a bill (H.
R. No. 2G85) for the better protection of the
Indian tribes and their consolidation under a
civil government, to be called the Territory of
Oklahoma; which was read a fit stand second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I move that
the bill and the report accompanying it be
printed, and that the further consideration of
the same be postponed until the second Tues-
day in December next, after the morning hour.
Mr. SHANKS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say 
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I call the pre-
vious question on my motion.
Mr. SHANKS. I hope the gentleman will
not do that. I do not want to be out of order,
but I do not want to be choked off by the pre-
vious question.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I will yield to
the gentleman for a few minutes.
Mr. SHANKS. I object to any steps being
taken in regard to this bill that may lead to'
its passage now or hereafter; and 1 cannot
stand here as the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs and permit a measure of
this kind to pass, that has not been brought
before my committee, that concerns a terri-
tory that is all Indian territory, and a people
ail of whom are Indians. The Committee on
Indian Affairs, that are charged with all ques-
tions relating to Indians, have had no time or
opportunity to consider this bill. These lands
are held by the Indian tribes under treaty
stipulations, and yet the Committee on Indian
Affairs iias not been permitted at anytime
to consider this bill. The treaties in all the
cases where these lands have been patented
to these Indians by the Government especially
provide that no territorial government shall
be established over them.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I must object
to any further discussion by the gentleman.
Mr. SHANKS. I do not understand that
the gentleman holds the floor.
Ihe SPEAKER. Certainly he does, as the
member of the Committee on Territories who
reported this bill.
Mr. SHANKS. I understood the gentleman
to yield the floor.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I yielded to
the gentleman for a few minutes, and I now
resume the floor.
Mr. VOORHEES. I ask the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Parked] to yield to me
for a few minutes.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I will yield,
but not for a long argument.
Mr. VOORHEES. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs, of which my colleague is now a
member, in the last Congress reported sub-
stantially this bill to the House.
I never reported this bill.
Mr. VOORHEES. I am not speaking of
the gentleman individually, but of the com-
mittee of which he is one, a committee which
probably is larger than he is. That commit-
t'®ported this bill to the House through
ill", van Horn, of Missouri, then its chairman
or acting chairman. The Committee on Ter-
ritories Claimed jurisdiction of this bill because
it organized a Territory of the United States.
Ihe House sustained that claim, and the bill
went to the Committee on Territories as the
proper committee to take charge of it; it was
tai^eii out of the hands of the committee of
which the gentleman is a member.
One word further in regard to his sensitive-
ness on the subject, of treaty stipulations. I
have had somewhat of that feeling, but it has
been wonderfully taken out of my composition
o ate, however. Thegentleman, my colleague,
Lur. fcHAXKS,] doubtless voted for the bill ex-
tending the internal revenue laws all over this
Indian territory, for the bill of July 20, 1808,
extended the internal revenue laws of the Uni-
ted States over the Indian territory right in the
lace of the treaties, which stated that they
