1X62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
such cases as this the Committee of Claims
have always inquired whether the spirits in
bond destroyed by fire, were covered by insur-
ance or not, and have uniformly "held that in
cases of insurance where the insurance was
taken into account the Government should
have the benefit of that insurance as well' as
the party; for the insurance policy may go to
the extent of covering the taxes. I see that
this bill makes no provision taking that into
account.
Mr. BURCHARD. This is a claim for
repayment of taxes.
Mr. HOLMAN. For the remission of taxes
on property destroyed which may have been
covered by insurance. If that be so, the in-
surance should inure to the benefit of the Gov-
ernment. Otherwise, the parties will not only
get the remission of the taxes on the spirits
destroyed, but would also receive the insur-
ance upon them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then, had we not
better change the law and provide that the
tax shall be on insurance rather than a tax
upon spirits? Did the gentleman from Indiana
ever before hear of a Government that taxed
property in the original package after it was
destroyed 1
Mr. HOLMAN. The party insures himself
against that loss.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The party may
insure himself, but I ask the gentleman if
he thinks it fair for any Government to collect
a tax bn what is destroyed in the original
package ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I will put the question to
the gentleman in this form: ought the Gov-
ernment to lose the benefit of the tax if the
insurance company is responsible for it?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is a question
between the insurance company and the party
insured. When the party insured sues the
insurance company, perhaps the company
may set up the plea that the party has to a
certain extent received benefit from the Gov-
ernment by the remission of taxes on the
property destroyed. I reckon it is a very
rare case that the insurance covers the value
of the property as well as the amount of taxes
to which it is liable ; and for the Government
to enforce the collection of taxes upon prop-
erty that has been destroyed in the original
package is something that was never done by
any Government on the face of the earth.
Mr. HOLMAN. Not as against the insur-
ance company ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is the whisky we
are taxing, and not the insurance company.
Mr. HOLMAN. The owner of the spirits
is already liable for the tax. The tax is a
vested right in the Government. There is no
pretense that the destruction of the article
upon which the tax is imposed relieves the
party from the tax. If the party insuring his
property is to receive the benefit of'that insur-
ance to an extent that would cover the value
of the property and of the tax, I submit that
the benefit of the insurance should inure to
the Government to the extent of the tax.
Mr. BURCHARD. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Niblack,] of the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. NIBLACK. I have been able to hear
very little of what has been said on this bill,
which I understand is a bill to release certain
taxes upon whisky that was destroyed by fire
before the taxes were paid. I am honestly in
favor of the general proposition contained in
this bill, as I understand s. I think we should
establish the proposition—we have already
made a precedent, and I think we ought to
adhere to it—that we will not exact taxes from
any property that has been destroyed in the
original package, by fire or by other casualty.
Such is already the law in regard to foreign
importations. When goods are imported
from a foreign country and are destroyed in a
bonded warehouse, or at any other point, be-
fore the duties shall have been paid on them,
the Treasury Department has power under a
general law to release the duties.
But there is no such provision of law appli-
cable to our internal revenue taxes. I believe,
and I call the attention of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means [Mr. Dawes]
to the proposition, that there ought to be a
general law applying the principle now in force
in regard to dutiable goods to articles upon
which internal revenue taxes are assessed.
There is no reason why the same principle
should not apply as well to internal taxes as to
our tariff duties. And besides that, whenever
an article is destroyed either by fire or other
casualty before the taxes have been paid upon
it, that is a loss to some one, a clear loss either
to the owner of the property or to the company
that insures it. Somebody loses the value of
the article, the article itself having been de-
stroyed, and I think the commonest principles
of equity, the plainest principles of fair dealing
between the Government and its people require
that the Government should thenrelinquish all
claim to taxes on the articles thus destroyed.
Mr. HOLMAN. As against the insurance
company?
Mr. NIBLACK. As against anybody, be-
cause the tax does notrenter into the consider-
ation when the insurance policy is given. The
insurance only applies to the value of the
article, and not to the taxes upon it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not the amount of
the tax upon the whisky enter into the value
of the article ?
Mr. NIBLACK. That is true as between
the buyer and seller, but the insurance by a
third party does not affect the taxes upon the
article as between the owner of the property
and the Government. The property might be
insured in a dozen insurance companies for
that matter, and yet be destroyed in the hands
of an assignee or some other third party, and
still the original owner or manufacturer of the
article would be bound to the Government for
the taxes assessed upon the article. I stand,
therefore, upon this simple and broad propo-
sition, that when an article has been destroyed
and put out of existence the Government
ought to remit all claims for taxes upon that
property. As I have already said, such is
now the general law applicable to goods im-
ported from foreign countries. I know of 110
reason_why we should not be as liberal to per-
sons who owe taxes to the Government upon
articles subject to internal revenue taxes.
Mr. STRONG. I fully concur in the views
expressed by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Niblack] who last addressed the House. This
matter of releasing the taxes upon whisky in
bonded warehouses, where the warehouses and
the whisky therein have been destroyed by fire,
is one that ought to be covered by a general
law. As a sub-committee of the Committee
of Claims, I have now before me some three
or four bills providing for the release of over
one hundred thousand dollars of taxes upon
whisky thus destroyed in bonded warehouses
in the State of Illinois. I believe the tax ought
to be released, independent of the question
whether the owner of the property had it iu-
sured or not. The insurance covers only the
value of the property in the hands of the man
at the time the property is destroyed. It does
not cover what that property may be worth
after it has passed out of his hands and the tax
has been paid. The tax is usually unpaid until
the whisky is removed from the bonded ware-
house. And why should the unpaid tax, in
adjusting an insurance loss, be considered any
part of the value of the property destroyed ?
Ought we to insist upon the collection of the
tax for the purpose simply of compelling in-
surance companies to pay it? Clearly there
would be no justice in such a course of action.
I desire that the committee reporting this
bill should withdraw it and prepare a general
bill covering all such cases; for manifestly
cases of this kind will often arise to take up
the time of the committees of this House. A
general bill giving the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue power to decide on all these
cases would seem to me wise and proper. I
do not see why a case of property destroyed at
Chicago should have preference over other
similar cases. The Commissioner can decide
upon one case as well as another. Thus the
House can be relieved from the consideration
of this class of cases, and much time can be
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I trust the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Strong]
will introduce a general bill on this subject,
and have it referred to the committee. Legisla-
tion of this kind, if general in its character,
ought to be very carefully considered, because
we all know that great fires are great excuses.
They have proved to be so in a great many
cases. Gentlemen will recollect the history of
the fire in the Treasury building some years
ago, and the reason which has been tradition-
ally assigned for it. Legislation of this char-
acter cannot be too strictly guarded. It should
be so cautiously framed that by no possibility
can a pretended loss be foisted on the Govern-
ment in order to avoid the payment of taxes
or to recover taxes which have been properly-
paid.
Mr. STRONG. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question?
Mr. MAYNARD. I prefer that the gentle-
man should hear me through.
But, sir, when a case is clearly made out by
the proofs, as appears to have been done fully
in the present case, then there comes into
operation a principle which we have always
recognized and acted upon—to remit taxes
when the corpus of taxation is destroyed
before the taxes have been paid. Where the
taxes have been paid prior to the destruction
of the property, then let the loss fall upon the
owner. The committee reported in the last
Congress and in the previous Congress bills
based upon this principle. While the prin-
ciple is, theoretically considered, broad and
clearly recognizable, yet in practice it is sus-
ceptible of being very much abused. A gen-
eral law, unless very carefully prepared, would
undoubtedly offer opportunities for many
abuses. For this reason no general law has
been passed; but it has been our practice to
consider upon their own merits exceptional
cases like the present as they arise.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Tennessee whether the committee have
considered the possibility of the owner, under
the provisions of this bill, recovering the taxes
from the insurance company as a part of the
insurance, and also getting the taxes refunded
by the Government? • Has that point been
inquired into by the committee ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I am not prepared to
say that the point has been inquired into,
because the spirits, if insured, were probably
insured only to the extent of the value of the
property, exclusive of the tax. If, however,
the owner is able to reimburse himself from
his insurance for the amount of the tax, then
of course no one proposes that the tax shall
be refunded by the Government.
Mr. HOAR. Is it true that when a man
insures property of this kind, he insures it
only for its value exclusive of the tax?
Mr. MAYNARD. I presume that is so;
otherwise, there is a fraud on the insurance
company ; it is a case of over-insurance.
Mr. HOAR. The tax assessed by the Gov-
ernment constitutes not merely a lien on the
property, but a claim against the manufac-
turer. Hence, the owner being liable to the
Government for the tax, it is no fraud on
anybody for him to insure the property for its
full value, including the tax. Hence this re-
imbursement of the tax by the Government
may operate as a pure bounty. It will not
inure to the benefit of the insurance company,
for as to them the liability is already fixed ;
nor does it give the Government any equitable
claim to the assignment of the policy. It is a,
