214
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Ho. op Heps.
Restoration of Specie Payments—Mr. Merrick.
4'2d Cong....2d Sess.
triumph which judicial indorsement has given
to their expoi-iiion of the Constitution, but
it cannot extiicate itself from the obligation
which justice imposes upon it to elevate the
standard of value of the currency which ic
lias legalized. The duty remains, nay. it is,
has been rendered impel alive by that, indorse-
ment. Does it attempt, has it ever attempted
to discharge that duty, or has the course of
its legislation been 111 direct violation of its
most obvious requirements? I assert that the
laws, and the regulations and practice of the
Treasury Department have been so framed
as to tend directly to the opposite result. If
to day the currency has a real value, it is in
spite of the means which have been adopted
to overthrow it, and by reason of that viial
energy and those superabouriding resources
of the American people which bod laws and
unwise administration are incapable of de-
stroying entirely.
There never was a greater financial error
than the legal-tender clause itse.f. The legit-
imate, the necessary result of the requirement
that the notes of the Government shall be re-
ceived in payment of piivate debts, is to arouse
the convictiou in the public mind that, they
would not be received without that require
ment; it isto declare that the Government has
no faith in its own credit; it is to proclaim in
advance its own insolvency; it is to present
itself at the outset as the exactor of a forced
levy, instead of assuming the style of an opu-
lent borrower, confident of his credit and of
the abundance of his resources. This was an
important element of depreciation, but the
next step was a still more fatal one. In the
law by which every private citizen was required
to ieceive the notes of Government at par for
all debts due him, whether private or public,
whether past or future, Congress declared
that ttie Government would not receive these
same notes in payment of duties upon im-
ports.
If the act of compulsion upon the citizen
to receive legal-tender notes was a declaration
of insolvency, and operated to depreciate the
value of that currency, it must be apparent to
the duiie^t comprehension that the refusal of
the Government to receive back those notes
in payment of a certain poriion of the debts
due to itself was unequivocal repudiation to
that extent. I speak not now ot the motive
wtnch induced the enactment of the law. I
am aware of the financial difficulties which
surrounded ihe Treasury at the time the law
was passed, pnd am willing to make every
allowance for the errors of judgment into
which men fell at a season when ail was con-
fusion, uncertainty, and severe trial. .Never-
theless, the fact remains that the greatest
financial error was committed, and by none
has H been more frankly and fully acknowl-
edged than by the then Secretary ot the Treas-
ury, now the Chief Justice of the United
States, under whose direction and at whose
instance the scheme of the Government cur-
rency was initiated. But the genius who con
etructed the s>stem of currency under which
we live, who was reluctantly dragged into the
legal tender error under circumstances he
himself has explained, never for a moment
contemplated the continuance of a depreciated
paper circulation one hour beyond the emer-
gency of the occasion. His own language, in
his report of December, 1862, best describes
how far an irredeemable paper currency in a
time of peace and unbounded prosperity was
flora his thoughts. He says :
"The Secretary recommends, therefore, ho mere
papt r-money scheme, but, on (lie contrary, a series
of measures looking to it sale and gradual return to
gold and silver as tbe only permanent basis, stand-
ard, and measure of value recognized by the Consti-
tution/'
His was no huckstering policy. He sat not
at the gate to traffic in gold and hoard it in the
Treasury at the expense of the people. He
did not, propose one circulation for the Gov-
ernment and another for the citizen, but he
relied for the credit of his circulation upon its
receivability "'for all national taxes, nil dues
to the Government, nnd all loans." But how
stands the case at this time? Although the
most comprehensive system of taxation has
been devised, and the country for several
years has been in the regular receipt of the
largest revenue of any nation in the world, al-
though it has shown its capacity to discharge
the entire national debt within a single gener-
ation, and by a firm and just reiteration of its
pledge of faith to the holders of its bonds, has
planted them firmly in public confidence, it
■still deliberately continues to depreciate its own
circulation, nay, it actually makes a source of
daily traffic and boastful gain to itself out of
that very depreciation.
In former times, indeed, it was the prac-
tice of kings to debase their coinage in
order to replenish their exhausted treasu
ries. But the spectacle has been reserved
for the United Slates, the most prosperous
and wealthy of the nations of the earth, a
nation governed by a written Constitution,
whose rulers profess to be actuated only by
justice and the desire to promote the prosperity
of the people; it has been reserved for this
country in the present age to maintain a delib-
erate policy whereby the circulating medium
which it furnishes to the people shall be per
sistently depreciated, and for its Secretary of
the Treasury to be daily in the market buying
at a discount the circulating medium to be
used in the current disbursements of the Gov-
ernment, and parading in his monthly and
annual reports, as part of the resources of the
country, the millions of money gained in this
nefarious traffic with the national faith and
national honor.
According to the last annual report the
profit of the Treasury by the sale of gold for
currency for the year ending June 30, 1871,
was $8,892,839 95. And by the monthly state
ment ot April 1, 1872, the amount of hoarded
gold in the Treasury was $120,200,610 29.
Whence the necessity for this anomalous legis-
lation and these discreditable practices? It
is said that the national faith being pledged
to the payment of tbe annual interest upon
the national debt in gold, it is indispensable
to raise the requisite amount of gold by the
duties on foreign importations as the surest
and least burdensome mode of providing for
the wants of the conntry. I agree that the
bondholders should be paid in gold, and be
paid to the last farthing. I could never en-
teitain the idea of paying them in anything
else than in gold, or in its equivalent, recog-
nized by themselves, and freely accepted as
its real equivalent. But while I concede this
I insist that the bond creditors stand on no
higher ground than other creditors, or than
the people at large. I insist that if faith can
only be kept wiih the bond creditor by paying
him in gold, then faith and justice are violated
whenever the Government requires of any
Other creditor to receive less than gold for
his demands. No distinction of faith between
the two classes can be made.
The great majority of the holders of the
United States bonds are, and until within two
years past nearly all of them were, citizens of
the United States. Now, it cannot be main-
tained that one citizen's debt is any more sacred
than anothers, or that the Government has any
more right to take one man's private property
for the public use without just compensation
than anothers. Absolute necessity—which
absolute necessity means absolute inability, not
a mere additional expense, not an inconsider-
able abatement of an overflowing annual rev-
enue—can alone justify any halting or liHlf- way
measures, any snoi tcomiog in the luifilhm tit
of national obligation. Now, how stands the
caseatthis time? The repmts of the 1're.isury
show a reduction of the public debt wuhiu the
past three years of about, three hundred mil-
ions, and the current interest upon the debt
still unpaid does not exceed one hundred and
ten millions per annum. The revenue from
customs, payable in gold, was over two hundred
millions last year, and will be still more during
the current year, an amount nearly double
the whole sum required for the interest on the
bonded debt.
What is the price of gold in the market, and
what has it been for some months past? It
ranges in the neighborhood of ten per cent.
Assuming that it would require the Govern-
ment to go into the market to buy gold, and
that the price of gold should lor a single year,
after an earnest effort to reestablish the credit
of the Government in all us dealings, remain
where it is, only $11,000,000 would be required
to make up that deficit. It has already been
shown that the Administration claims praise
for having paid off out of current resources
$300,000,000 of the principal of the debt within
three years, besides liquidating regularly the
interest quarterly, and the estimates for the
coming years are not less than for previous
Ones. Indeed, the increasing population and
productive capacity of tbe country justify the
anticipation of large increase. There can
then be no reason to suggest the inability of
the Government to provide the means to pay
any premium upon gold which might be re-
quired to pay the annual interest without any
serious impairment of the annual resources.
And if by the amount of such premium there
was a dimunition in volume to like extent in
the reduction of the principal ot the debt, where
would be the injury? It, is then most obvious
that there is no urgency to palliate, still less
any necessity to jusuly the Government in
depreciating and debasing the circulation on
legal-tender notes, which it requires the peo-
ple to use in all their domestic dealings, and
that the time has arrived for a repeal of the
law which denies the right to the citizen to
pay to ihe Government his debt for customs
duties in national currency, jnst as he may
pay other taxes and private obligations. In
other words, the duty now devolves -upon the
country to treat its own currency as equal to
actual money, to elevate it to the standard of
gold currency by itself receiving it as the
equivalent of gold for all its obligations, and
also for its bonds bearing coin-interest. Im-
pressed with these views I introduced on the
18th of December a bill providing that" Treas-
ury notes shall be receivable in payment of
duties on imports in the same manner and
upon like footing as they are now authorized
by law to be received in payment of any
other debt or obligation due to the United
States."
What would be the immediate effect of this
provision ? It can scarcely be contended that
if the legal-tender notes are now sustained at
within ten per cent, ofthe value ofgold by their
receivability for one hundred and fifty millions
per annum of internal taxes and dues to the
Government, they would not have their value
raised by being made receivable for more than
three hundred and fifty millions of taxes. The
entire amount of. the legal-tender currency is
$355,910,719 50. The whole amount of it is
absorbable in any and every year in payment
ofthe annual revenue. If there is any leliance
to be placed upon the opinions of men eminent
in finance—I speak not of the charlatans of
the Treasury Department—notes ot tbe Gov-
ernment receivable in payment of all public
dues, and not exceeding in quantity the
amount needed in the annual receipts and
