1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOB'E.
215
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Restoration of Specie Payments—Mr. Merriclc.
Ho. or Reps.
disbursements of the Treasury, will always
approximate if not stand actually at par with
tie precious metals.
Let us bear in mind, in considering this
question, that so 'long as the obligation to
accept legal-tender notes in all domestic trans-
actions ot the country exists, there is and can
be no demand for gold; except for the balances
of foreign exchange, and therefore that the
premium on gold is due almost exclusively to
the artificial and forced demand which the
Government itself keeps up by its customs
regulations, and by the constant hoarding and
locking up in the Treasury an average of
$100,000,000 in gold. What wonder is it that
gold is at a premium when $200,000,000 of it
are exacted annually at the great commercial
center of the country, and $100,000,000 kept
constantly locked up in the Treasury. To any
candid mind it must be a convincing argument
of the inherent credit of the Government notes
that they are maintained within ten per cent,
of gold when the Government with one hand
exacts gold from the people and with the other
keeps constantly hoarded perhaps one third
of the Supply with which that demand could
be met.
But again, the United States five per.cen^.
bonds are selling to-dayat the New York stock
board at precisely the same premium as gold,
to wit, from 110 to 110>j in currency; that is
to say, the bonds of the United States are at
par with gold. How many are outstanding ?
The total bonded debt paying interest in coin
is a little over eighteen hundred million dol-
lars. These stand at par. The credit of the
country is capable of maintaining them at par.
Now let the Government give the same credit
to its $355,000,000 legal-tender notes, and
will it be contended that they cannot be main-
tained at par, and especially when the country
has shown its capacity to extinguish absolutely
$300,000,000 of principal debt within three
years? I do not rely upon my own opinions
to support the argument. I quote again from
the opinion of Chief Justice Chase, uttered in
the solemn form of his opinion in the legal-
tender cases before the Supreme Court, recently
decided, (the cases of Knox against Lee and
Parker against Davis.) He says :
"It is plain that a currency so supported cannot
depreciate more than the loans, in other W9rds below
the general credit of the country. Itwill rise or
fall with it. At the present moment if the notes
were received for five per cent, bonds, they would
he at par. In other words, specie payments would
be resumed."
If the way is then so readily and obviously
open for the resumption of specie payments,
if the credit of the country is so high and its
resources so abundant as to be in excess ot its
capacity to resume and maintain specie pay-
ments, how does it happen that specie payments
are not at once resumed, and who are inter-
ested in maintaining a depreciated currency ?
3s it the agriculturist; is it the merchant; is
it the laboring man ? I beg leave to quote the
language of Daniel Webster, used in discuss-
ing a similar question nearly forty years ago
in his speech on the removal of the deposits:
" Sir, the very man of all others who has the deep-
est interest in a sound currenoy, and who suffers
most by mischievous legislation in money matters,
is the man who earns bis daily bread by his daily
toil. A depreciated currency, sudden changes of
prices, paper money falling between morning and
noon, and falling still lower between noon and night;
these things constitute the very harvest time of spec-
ulators, and of the whole race of those who are at
ence idle and crafty; and of that other race, too, the
Catilines of all time, marked so as to be known for-
ever by one stroke of the historian's pen—those
greedy of other men's property and prodigal of their
own. Capitalists, too, may outlivesuch times, they
may either prey upon the earnings of labor by their
cent, per cent., or they may hoard, but the laboring
man, what can he hoard? Preying on nobody,he
becomes the prey of all. Ilis property is in his namls.
His reliance, hi* fund, his productive f reehold, his a
is his labor. Whether ho work on his own small
capital or another's, his living is still earned by nis
industiy, and when the money of ttie country ne-
eomos depreciated and debased, whether it be adul-
terated coin, or paper without credit, that industry
is robbed of its reward. He then labors for a coun-
try whose laws cheat hiin out of his bread."
What is true of the laboring mail ig true of
the agriculturist, of the mechanic, of the mer-
chant, of those engaged in navigation and in
ship building. All those classes depend upon
their industry, and the stability in value of the
means of industry which they employ for suc-
cess in their various employments. Their labor
must have a definite standard to enable them,
to direct wisely and well their efforts. But
thereareclasses, wealthy and influential, whose
interests are at war 110 less with the honor of
the country than 'with the prosperity of the
great masses of society; classes who are active,
powerful, energetic, and intelligent; classes
who are supposed to understand and who do
understand too well the relations of this ques-
tion ; to whose utterances the people give too
easy credence because they have knowledge
of the subject, and who take advantage of the
confidence which is reposed in their sagacity
and the reliance which is placed upon the
disinterestedness of their expressed opinions
to create erroneous ideas in the public mind,
and to pervert knowledge for their own aggran-
dizement.
These are debtors, speculators, the holders
and investors in bonds, the national banks,
and the tariff protectonists. Each and every
one of these classes find in the depreciation of
the currency their opportunities of wealth, and
they are persistent in their representations
that the forced circulation of a depreciated
currency is both a necessity and a benefit.
These men are to be found in every part of
the country, controlling the public press, poi-
soning the public mind, invading and influ-
encing legislative bodies, combining to create
stringency of money and embarrassment of
credit, that their own ill gotten hoards may be
multiplied. Take for illustration the bond-
holders, representing $1,800,000,000 of the
property of the country, concentrated for the
most part in the great cities and in New Eng-
land.
The greater the depreciation of the paper
circulation the more profitable are their in-
vestments in bonds which bear a gold interest.
At the present rate of say ten per cent, pre-
mium on gold the holder of a bond for
$1,000 receives for a six per cent, bond
sixty dollars in gold, which is equivalent to
sixty six dollars in paper. Now, just in the
proportion of sixty-six to sixty is that bond-
holder, whose income is'in gold, richer than
his neighbor whose income from honest in-
dustry is paid in legal-tender note3. If his
bonds yield him $1,000 a year in gold, then he
realizes $100 more than the man who earns
$1,000 paid in paper currency. Is there any
reason or justice in this? I say again I would
not have the bondholder paid in a currency
less valuable than gold. I would not take one
farthing from the amount which has been con-
tracted to be paid him. But there is no in-
justice to him in providing such an equal cur-
rency that he who receives his payment in
paper shall receive what represents an equally
true and not an imaginary and perpetually
fluctuating value.
As with the bondholders so it is with the
national banks of the United States. They
have a circulation of over three hundred and
twenty millions, arid their capital is represented
to the extent of over three hundred and fifty
millions by gold interest-paying bonds, which
yields them a.profit which is enlarged exactly
in proportion as legal-tender notes are depre-
ciated as compared with the gold interest
which they receive on that part of their cap-
ital deposited with the Treasury to secure the
redemption of their circulation. They receive,
as a minimum, six percent, profit on their dis
counts, and precious few of them there are
who do not in the very face of the law extort
ten per cent, for the favors they dispense; and
they receive on the bonds deposited represent-
ing that circulation, at the present rates, six
and six tenths per cent., making their whole
profit twelve and six tenths per cent. Of
course it would be disastrous to them to return
to specie payments. But their utterances upon
the effect of resumption are taken as ex cathe-
dra by unsuspecting, innocent people, and so
again a false public sentiment is engendered
that the country is not prepared for resumption.
But the largest, the most powerful and influ-
ential of all the classes who oppose resump-
tion are the high-tariff protectionists. The
odious and oppressive law, which it was my
object to repeal in the bill I have already
described, and which was introduced by me
on the 18th of December last, under cover of
being a measure in aid of the preservation of
the public faith and to provide the means for
paying the coin interest of the public debt, has
added most enormously to the already oppress-
ive tariff and to the enrichment of the pro-
tected manufactures of the country. Assum-
ing the average of the tariff at fifty per cent.,
the premium on gold on the 1st of November,
1869, being twenty-eight, the actual average
tariff was sixty-four per cent. On the same
date in 1870 the premium on gold was eleven
and a half, which made the actual tariff fifty-
five and three quarters per cent. On the same
date in 1871 the premium was twelve per cent.,
and the actual tariff fifty-six per cent.; and at
the present date, the premium being ten per
cent., tjje actual tariff is fifty-five per cent., or
one tenth more than the nominal amount of
the duty.
Now, what would be the effect of a return to
specie payments, or the reception by the Gov-
ernment of its own legal-tender notes in pay-
ment of customs duties, for practically the latter
would be the immediate and direct result of the
former ? It would be a reduction of one tenth
or ten per cent, upon the whole tariff, and would
not diminish by a single dollar the actual
receipts from that source by the Treasury of
the United States. Nay, as the effect of a
reduction of duties is always to encourage and
increase importations, there would be a larger
revenue for customs than now takes place,
and the addition may reasonably be computed
at a sum much greater than the profit of nearly
nine millions which the Government now
makes by its traffic in gold at the New York
stock board.
Now, is it any wonder when such active
combinations are concerned in perpetuating a
depreciated currency under disguises that have
not been penetrated by the people, because
the emissaries of profitable delusion' swarm
the land and darken the avenues to the popu-
lar understanding with their clamors about a
public faith, which tends toward their own ad-
vantage, and hold up the terrors of monetary
distress in the process of resumption—is it,
I say, any wonder that timid men should have
been turned aside and the resolute even should
have faltered in applying the needed remedy
to the diseases of the body-politic ? But it
always has been so, and always will be bo.
Nothing ever has and nothing ever will pro-
cure a return from a depreciated currency to a
specie currency except the interpositiori of
law. . ,
In the year 1816, after the suspension of
specie payments occasioned by the war of 1812
with Great Britain, a return to specie payments
was compelled by the Government in a mode
somewhat sterner than the mode which 1 have
suggested, but which contains the germ and
substance of the idea, only different m the
mode of its operation, which is embraced in tlie
bill which I have submitted to Congress. I refer
to the resolution of Mr. Webster, of April 26,
1816, requiring all duties, taxes, and debts,
