1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2955
should not be taxed. The gentleman himself,
and almost every man in this House, voted to
. break down treaty stipulations with the Indians
■ upon the subject of taxation, and they to-day
have the burdens of Government laid upon
them "without any of its blessings to produce
order and peace in their boiders. That ques-
tion came up in the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States in a celebrated case, and the Supreme
Court has rendered its decision to the effect
that a law of Congress abrogates an Indian
treaty wherever it comes in conflict with it.
It is late in the day to plead treaty stipula-
tions because something is proposed for the
benefit of those Indian tribes, when that plea
did not avail at the time the revenue laws of
the United States were extended over the In-
dian country, and those tribes made subject to
taxation, which provision of law has been sus-
tained by tlie Supreme Court of the United
States in the face of the treaty.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. VOORHEES. Yes, sir.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I wish to inquire
whether we did not have with some of these
Indian tribes the same kind of treaty stipula-
tions before they were removed to the Indian
territory, which stipulations were at the time
of the removal regarded by Congress as subject
to its power aud control, and which it put an
end to by removing the Indians to the new
Territories?
Mr. VOORHEES. Undoubtedly, that is so.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to make a single
remark.
Mr. VOORHEES. I will hear the gentle-
man.
Mi. SHANKS. In answer to the questions
just put by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farxsworth,] I say that Congress on the 28th
of May, 1830, provided for removing the In-
dians west of the Mississippi river and patent-
ing to them lands there in consideration of
their lands east of the river, when they
should sell their lands by treaty, and in no
other way.
In answer to what my colleague [Mr.
Voorhees] has said in regard to the previous
action of the House, he will pardon me for
saying that he is again at fault. The House
did not take out of the hands of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs the bill for organ-
izing this Territory and transfer it to the Com-
mittee on Territories. The facts in that mat-
ter were these : a majority of the Committee
on Indian Affairs—a majority of one, simply—■
was in favor of organizing that Territory under
the bill introduced by Mr. Van Horn. The
minority of the committee, of which I was
one, opposed that measure. In the contro-
versy had upon this floor at that time, the
chairman of the Committee on the Territories
asked that the bill be referred to his com-
mittee, but the House referred it to a joint
committee, consisting of the Committee on
Indian Affairs and the Committee on the
lerritories. That is what was done at that
time.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as to this question of
law of which the gentleman speaks, he seems
to have had the point very ready, and I think
must have been prepared to speak upon it
just at this time and in this way. That law
to which he refers is not in conflict but in
conformity with the provisions of our treaties
with the Indian tribes from the earliest peiiod
down because those treaties have uniformly
provided for commercial intercourse between
ie tribes and the Government. Hence that
aw was not in violation of any treaty, but was
th"1 n Pursuance of the internal policy of
he Government with reference to the raising
0 taxes for its support. But a proposition to
go down to the Indian country aud take away
rom these people their homes is a very differ-
ent tojng. This bill proposes to organize a
C°ai ' 'X Indian territory——
•Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that the merits of the bill are not now
before the House for discussion.
Mr. PARKER, ot Missouri. I object to a
discussion of the merits of this bill. 1 insist
on my motion.
Mr. VOORHEES. I desire to say a single
word in reply to my colleague, [Mr. Shanks.]
If he will read the decision of the Supreme
Court of the United States, as it has been my
duty to do carefully as a member of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, in connection with
this very question, he will see that he and the
Supreme Court differ as to whether the law of
Congress of which I have spoken does or does
not conflict with the treaty of 1866 with the
Cherokee Indians. If the law abrogates the
treaty, it certainly does conflict with it. The
gentleman says I was ready——
Mr. BINGHAM. .T insist upon my point
of order.
Mr. BECK. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Parker] a question the
answer to which may govern my vote ; and I
trust he will be kind enough to answer it.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. Certainly.
Mr. BECK. Section sixteen of this bill pro-
vides for the establishment of land offices and
the survey of lands 
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I can answer
that question.
Mr. BECK. I have not yet concluded the
question which I desired to put. Section sev-
enteen provides  
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I can save
the geutleman any further trouble.
Mr. BECK. I have not yet asked my ques-
tion.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. This bill is a
substitute.
Mr. BECK. It is in the bill of Mr. Parker,
of Missouri, that these lands, as soon as the
Indian titles shall be extinguished and they
are surveyed and become public lands ot the
United States, shall come under the operation
of the grants and pledges heretofore made by
Congress to certain railroad companies. Is it
not the meaning and intention of this act to
give it to them?
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. All this dis-
cussion of the merits of the bill has been pre-
cipitated without any knowledge as to what is
contained in the bill and report. In the sub-
stitute reported by myself the whole question
involving the title of these lands belonging to
these Indians is stricken out. The report of
the committees instead of weakening the title
of the Indian to these lands, strengthens that
title.
There is no section sixteen in the substi-
tute. All that part of the bill introduced by
me from section fifteen is stricken out by the
committee.
Mr. BECK. Let me ask this further ques-
tion. When the gentleman introduced his
original bill was it not its intent and purport
to give these lands to the two railroad corpor-
ations I have referred to ?
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I can answer
that.
Mr. BECK. Was it not stricken out—-
Mr. BINGHAM. I insist on my point of
order.
The SPEAKER. On a motion to postpone
it is not in order to discuss the merits of the
bill to which the motion applies. The pend-
ing question is on the postponement of the
further consideration of this bill to the second
Tuesday of December next, after the morning
hour.
Mr. SHANKS. I do hope it will bo referred
to a joint committee on Indian affairs.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I demand the
previous question on my motion.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
G2, noes 19 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. If the House adjourns
now will not this question come up to-mor-
row morning as the unfinished business imme-
diately after the reading of the Journal?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has always
declined to answer parliamentary questions as
to what would be the effect of a motion to
adjourn on a pending bill.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I can answer that ques-
tion myself—I am sure it would; and there-
fore I move the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at nine o'clock and forty-five minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. BRAXTON: The petition of citi-
zens of Alexandria, Virginia, praying payment
for French spoliations prior to 1800.
By Mr. CROCKER: The petition of Pro-
fessor \V. S. Snell and 41 others, citizens of
Amherst, Massachusetts, praying Congress for
further endowments of land for the promotion
and more complete endowment of colleges of
agriculture and mechanic arts.
By Mr. HcJUNKIN : The petition of Jeff.
Burtner, C. E. Anderson, W. H. Black, H. A.
Wise, and 149 others, citizens of Butler county,
Pennsylvania, praying the passage of House
bill No. 1738, increasing pensions to per-
manently disabled soldiers.
By Mr. McKINNEY : The petition of John
Bollinger and 47 others, citizens of Darke
county, Ohio, asking the passage of House
bill No. 1738, to iucrease pensions in certain
cases.
Also, the petition of John Biotner and 21
others, citizens of Darke, county, Ohio, for
the same.
By Mr. MERRIAM : The petition of James
H. Bucklin and numerous others, citizens of
Herkimer county, State of New York, protest-
ing against a second extension of a patent to
L. L. Langsworth for his bee hive.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of
John Gibbs, praying a pension for services at
the battle of North Point, in the war of 1812.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 1, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, I). D.
| The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
! of yesterday's proceedings.
| Mr. KELLOGG. I move that the further
| reading of the J ournal be dispensed with.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, and Mr.
HAMILTON, of Maryland, objected.
i'he VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the reading will be resumed.
The Secretary resumed aud concluded the
reading of the Journal.
message from this iiodse.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives by Mr. McPhehsox, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had concurred in the
amendment of the Senate, to the bill t,H. R.
No. 174) repealing the duty on tea aud coffee.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; m which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 23-11) to allow the pleas-
ure yacht Red Hot to take the name of Addle
Parker, an be registered under that name;
and
A bill (H. U. No. 2-565) to provide for the
issue of bonds in lieu of destroyed or defaced
bonds of the United States.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 7t'3) to
amend an act approved February 28, 1871,
amending an act approved May 81, 1870, enti-
tled "An act to enforce the rights of citizens
of the United States to vote in the several
States of this Union, and for other purposes."
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
