1872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2059
was referred the bill (S. No. 199) for the relief
of L. Merchant & Co., reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report thereon ;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S.No. 196) for the relief
of the owners of the bark A 1, reported it with-
out amendment, and submitted a report; which
was ordered-to be printed.
Mr. PRATT. While I am up, I desire to
say to the Senate that a week or two since I
introduced a bill giving a construction to the
act of Congress of March 3, 1857, the purpose
of which was to require the Commissioner of
the General Land Otfice to aeconnt to the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois for what
is commonly known as the two per cent, fund
claimed by those States. I had the bill laid
upon the table with a view of addressing the
Senate when it should suit its convenience to
hear me. _ I should be glad to be heard to-
morrow morning if there is nothing in the
way. I believe to day their is a special order, j
the North Carolina election case, and there- '
fore I do not press it now ; but 1 shall wish
the attention of the Senate for about three
quarters of an hour, or perhaps an hour, to-
morrow to present my views on this bill.
Mr. BOREMAN. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Joseph
Segar, of Virginia, praying payment for rent
for his estate while occupied by the Govern-
ment of the United States during the entire
war, have directed me to report a bill for the
payment of the rent. There is a written re-
port accompanying the bill.
The bill (S.No.889) for the relief of Joseph
Segar, of Virginia, was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BOREMAN. I think this is a case
which the Senate might act, upon at, this time.
The bill proposes to pay Mr. Segar for his
estate near Fortress Monroe, which was occu-
pied by our Army during the entire war—his
mansion-house and his farm. He was deprived
of his residence aud of the farm on which he
raised the means of making a living. He was
a ioyal man, as the evidence shows ; and,
within mv personal knowledge, did good ser-
vice in the beginning of our trouble, and
during the whole war remained true to the
Government. We have reported a bill, not
tor what he asked, but for $15,000. There
was a military commission upon this claim,
and they gave him several thousand dollars
more than we have reported in his favor. I
think the Senate might well pass the bill at
this time, and I ask that it be considered now.
Mr. EDM.UNDS. Is there a written re-
port ?
Mr. BORE MAN. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection has
been made to taking up any bill out, of its
order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think in all these cases
the reports ought to be printed, so that we
may see them. I do not know that I shall
have the least objection to this case, prob-
ably not, but in all cases of claims for prop-
erty the reports ought to be printed before
the bilis pass.
Mr. BO REMAN. It is not a claim for prop-
erty, in the ordinary sense. It is a claim for
the use of property in the way of rent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It comes under the same
principle precisely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be printed, aud the bill placed on the Cal-
endar.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1943)
for the relief of Robert Williams, jr., collector
third district of Ohio, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Committee
on Agriculture, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1297) amendatory of an act enti-
tled "An act donating public lands to the
several States and Territories which may pro-
vide colleges for the benefit of agriculture and
mechanic arts," passed July 2, 1862, and acts
amendatory thereto, have directed me to re-
port it back with a recommendation that the
bill pass; and it will be a great accommoda-
tion to the Senators from Oregon if it could
be considered now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no; you cannot con-
sider it now.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to have it
read first for information.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My only objection is that
the Senator from Missouri [Mr. Blair] rose
to call up a bill which had already been re-
ported, and aside from bills of the smallest
possible importance I think it is fair that those
who have reported bills previously should have
the first opportunity to call up their bills. I
objected to his bill being taken up until we
should get through with the morning business,
and I feel bound therefore in honor to him to
stand up in his defense until he can get an
opportunity to call up his bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made, aud the bill will be placed on the Cal-
endar.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask leave to introduce
a bill; and before introducing it I desire to
state that it is a bill to repeal an act approved
March 11, 1872, for the relief of George W.
Morse, which I ask to have referred to the
Committee on Patents. As I am credibly in-
formed. the bill for the relief of George W.
Morse was passed through a concealment by
the claimant of facts of considerable import-
ance touching the validity of his claim grow-
ing out of his connection with one Mr. Floyd,
once Secretary of War, in a conspiracy against
the Treasury and against the Government, and
growing out of his connection with Floyd and
the rebel authorities during the war, which I
am told was kept concealed from this commit-
tee, although the proof to support it is in this
town and the documents in the War Depart-
ment. In order that they may reconsider the
subject, if they think it necessary to reconsider
it, I introduce this bill.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S.-No. 890) to repeal the
act approved March 11, 1872, for the relief of
George W. Morse; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Patents,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Senate bill No.
641.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection has
been made by the Senator from Vermont and-
others until the morning business is concluded,
and the Senator from Missouri first made a
similar request. Unless that objection is with-
drawn the Chair cannot entertain the motion.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must insist upon it.
Mr. BAYARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 891) in relation to Mexican titles to
land within the Territory of Arizona ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
892) authorizing the sale of timber on Gov-
ernment lands in Wisconsin ; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 893) for the protection of owners of
saw-mills on the Mississippi river; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
894) granting a pension to the widow aud
heirs of F. F. Dayton, of company F, eleventh
Indiana volunteer infantry; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BLAIR asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No.
896) to extend the time for the completion of
the Atlantic and Pacific railroad ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 897) in regard to the commencement of
increased pay to promoted officers in the Navy ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent, obtained leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
898) to authorize the construction and main-
tenance of a bridge over the Mississippi river
between the city of Warsaw, in Hancock county
and State of Illinois, and the city of Alexan-
dria in Clark county and State of Missouri,
and to establish the same as a post road;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 899)
for the relief of the children of O. H. Berry-
man, aud others; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCHURZ asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
900) making an appropriation for a Govern-
ment building to be used for a court-house,
post office,'&c., at, the city of Jefferson, in the
State of Missouri; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted an amendment,
intended to be proposed by him, to the bill
(S. No. 724) supplementary to an act entitled
"An act to incorporate the Texas Pacific Rail-
road Company, and to aid in the construction
of its road, and for other purposes," approved
March i>, 1871; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
have the bill (H. R. No. 1664) to change the
location of the First National Bank of Seneca,
State of Illinois, to the city of Morris, Illinois,
taken up. It will take but a moment; but it
is a matter of some importance to the locality.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont objected to any setting aside of
the morning business on account, of the Senator
from Missouri having asked for the consider-
ation of a bill.
OPERATION OF KIGIIT-IIOUR LAW.
Mr. MORTON. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration :
Uenolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
tu procurc from the commandant of the armoiy at
Springfield, Massachusetts, comparative statements,
showing the operation of the eight-hour law iti
respect to the amount of labor performed, expenses
in the manufacture and repair of arms, and the gen-
eral working of the establishment as compared with
the former system of'workiug ten hours per day.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to my friend
whether he ought not to include the arsenal at
Rock Island. Is not work done there, too ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; and lam willing
to include that. -
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think Rock Island bad
better be put in. It is in a diffeientpartof the
country, and it might illustrate very well how
the system works.
