2956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills: and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 174) repealing the duty
on tea and coffee ; and
A bill (S. No. 724) supplementary to an act
entitled ''An act to incorporate the Texas
Pacific Railroad Company, and to aid in the
construction of its road, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1871.
BHD OF BEAVElt LAKE.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of ihe House of Rep-
resentatives to the hill (S. No. (310) to release
to the State of Indiana the lands known as the
bed of Beaver lake.
The amendment of the House of Represent-
atives was to substitute for the bill of the Sen-
ate the following:
Be it enacted, (be.. That the Secretary of the Inte-
rior be, a.nd he is hereby, authorized and directed
to cause all that part, ot Ihe public domain known
as tho bed ot Beaver lake, and situated 111 the
county of Newton, in theState of Indiana, forming
parts of t.0 wnsliip thirty noitli, ranges eight, nine
and ten wesr, and ot township thirty-one noitli,
range nine west, to be surveyed and offered for sale
in legalsubdiviidons at thocourt-house in the county
of Newton, iirst giving sixty (lays' notice of tho time
and place ofsueh sale, by publication in somenews-
papei of general ciiculation published in the city
ot Indian ipolis, Indiana, and also in some news-
pa Iter ol general circulation published in said county
of Newton.
Sue. 2. That all actual settlers upon,and inhabit-
ants of, any parts of the lands forming said bed of
Beaver lake on tho 1st day of January, A. D. 1871,
who have made permanent improvements there-
on, upon proof, satisfactory to the Secretary ot the
Interior, ol such settlement and improvement pi mr
to that date, shall havo priority of purchase of the
lull amount ot said lands so occupied and improve I
by them, at tho rato of ifl 25 por aero for said binds
and improvements; and that all holders of any
parts of said lands, by purchase in good laith and
lor a, valuable consideration, mediately or imme-
diately fiom the State of Indiana, or its aligns, or
from Michael (J. Bright, or his assigns, or by devise
or inheritance from such purchaser, shall be entitled
to enter the lands so held, in legal subdivisions, at
the land otlico at Indianapolis, Indiana, at the price
Ot $1 2.") per aero, in preference to all other persons ■
Provided, Iwinver, That nothing herein contained
shall be so construed as to make any vendor liable
to his vendee for any purchase-money that may
havo been paid, oxcepting to the extent ol tho
amount th.it such vondee may be returned to pay ill
order to perfect his titlo under the provisions of this
act; nor shall anything herein contained he so con-
strued a.-, to prevent any vendor from recovering
from his vendee anv unpaid piuolia-,e-moncy, ex-
cel) ting Mi at such vendee may ha.ve an abatement of
such purchase-money, to tho extent of any sum ho
laay havo paid, pursuant to tho provisions ot this
act, for th<" purpose of porfoetmg his title.
Sko. 3. That tho residue of said lands shall bo dis-
posed of at public sale to tho highest bidder at a
price not less than SI 25 per aero.
And to amend the title so as to read :
A bill for the salo of lands reclaimed by tho
drauiago of Boaver lake, Indiana.
Mr. PRATT. I move to concur in the
amendment of the House with an amendment,
to add at the close of the third section the
following:
And it shall be the duty of the Secretary of tho
Interior to reimburse tho Stato of Indiana out ot
tlio moneys received from the salo ot said lands tor
tho expenses incurred by the State in draining said
lake.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tho motion to
concur with an*amendment has priority of the
question of concurrence.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would move that the
amendment of the House and the amendment
proposed by my friend from Indianabe printed,
and that the bill and amendments then be
referred to the Committee ou Public Laods,
as this opens an entirely new question, so that
we may see what it is and they may report
upon it.
Mr. PRATT. I can very briefly explain to
the Senate the nature of the amendment made
by the House and the propriety of the amend-
ment which I now offer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
refer will have priority of the motion to concur
with an amendment.
Mr. PRATT. I will briefly state the nature
of the amendment made by the House. It
■will be remembered that the bill passed the
Senate some five or six weeks since. It pro-
vided for a cession by the United States of the
bed of Beaver lake to the State of Indiana.
That was the whole of it. In that form it went
to the House. The House subverted entirely
the principle of the bill by providing that the
bed of the lake shall be surveyed under the
authority of the Secretary of the Interior, and
the land shall be exposed at public sale at the
court-house door of the county seat, and that
the proceeds of the sale shall be paid into the
Treasury of the United States. There is a
provision, however, in favor of those who were
in possession of the lands or claimed title to
them upon the 1st day of January, 1871, that
where they have made improvements, they
shall be allowed to preempt the lands at $1 25
an acre. That is the nature, briefly stated,
of the amendment of the House to the bill.
When the bill was under consideration here
I endeavored to demonstrate, and thought I
did to the satisfaction of the Senate, because
the bill was passed by a unanimous vote, that
the bed of this lake should be ceded to the
State of Indiana. It covered some fifteen
or sixteen thousand acres of land. The State
and the citizens of that State living in the
neighborhood of the lake had drained it at an
expense of several thousand dollars. The pro-
prietorship of the General Government of the
bed of the lake was an utterly barren one.
The land was worth nothing, it was soil under
water. It had never been surveyed It could
not be surveyed. But the State of Indiana,
out of the proceeds of the sale of the swamp
lands of that county, undertook to drain the
lake. In that enterprise she was aided by
eiti/.ens living in the neighboi hood of the lake ;
so thai, it was accomplished without one cent of
cost to the General Government, and some
thirteen or fourteen thousand acres of land,
which had before been covered by water, were
recovered and made productive land.
In this condition of things certain parties
within the last year or two, thinking that those
as uusurveyed lands were subject to the pre-
emption laws of the Government, undertook
to settle upon litem and to exclude those who
vvete in possession or claimed title.
1 ought to say in this connection that the
lands reclaimed by the dramase of the lake
were claimed by certain parties who had ori-
ginally entered the lands border inn upon the
lake. They claimed that in putchasing the
lands upon the margin of the lake their title
extended to its center, and in this opinion
they were confirmed by the decision of the
circuit court ol that county, presided over by
a gentleman who is now one of the supreme
judges of Indiana, and was formerly a member
of this body. 1 refer to Judge Peti.it. He
decided that the owners of the land upon the
margin of the lake had a title by virtue of that
purchase to the center of the lake. That sub-
stantially was his decision.
Two gentlemen of the name of Bright and
Condit had entered these lands, or had pur-
chased them, rather, as swamp lands from the
State of Indiana, and they, in conjunction with
the State of Indiana, had drained this lake.
The State subsequently became interested in
one half of these lands in this mode: John P.
Dunn, who derived title from Condit, one of
the original purchasers, was a defaulter, I be-
lieve, to the State, and judgment was rendered
against him, and these lands were sold, and
ultimately came into the possession of the
State in satisfaction of the claim against
Dunn, in whole or part. The State afterward
sold these lands and received some eighty-five
hundred dollars of the purchase money.
The amendment which has been passed by
the House will of course compel the State of
Indiana to refund to the purchasers all the
money which she has received with interest.
What I claim now is, that since the decision
of the House is that these are Government
lands and should be sold, the proceeds of the
sale shall first be paid to reimbursing the State
of Indiana the amount expended by her in
reclaiming these lands and giving them any
value whatever. They would have had no
value without this expense. That is the whole
of my amendment. It is that the proceeds of
these lands, when sold under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, shall be devoted
first to reimburse the State of Indiana for the
expense that she has incurred in draining
them. I hope the amendment that I have
proposed will be adopted without the refer-
ence of the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought 1 understood
the Senator from Indiana when he addressed
the Senate on this hill a few weeks ago to
maintain that the title to the land under this
lake was in the State of Indiana, and that it
had lawfully taken possession of and disposed
of it, and that the bill that we passed was
merely to save all possible question that we
were not granting to the State of Indiana any-
thing in reality, but we were only surrender-
ing a barren cloud or pretense of title that
might be set up by these squatters who had
intruded themselves upon the land. Am I
right? [Mr. Pratt nodded assent. J I under-
stand from my honorable friend that I am
right in my understanding of what his views
were. I concurred with him entirely. The
United States, m my opinion, had not and has
not now a particle of title to these lands. I
think the honorable Senator knew that that
was my opinion before.
Now, then, because the House of Represent-
atives has seemed to take a diffeient view of
that question, which, in point of law, in my
opinion, is as clear as any land question can
be when you come to look at the decisions
made on just such subjects in the Supreme
Court of the United States, I do not see why
we are bound to acquiesce in that at all; I do
not know why we are bound to reverse our
own opinion and reverse our own legislation,
and say that we will take this land away from
the State of Indiana and will pay her for it,
when we do not want it, and it will only be a
curse to us. I do not see any reason whatever
for it. It, would be much better, m my opinion,
not to have passed any bill, but to have left it
to the courts to decide (as they infallibly would,
so far as we can prognosticate what a court
will do on a question of law) that the title of
the State was clear and that the United States
had no title, and that these squatters and pre-
emptioners weie intruders on the land that
had been properly granted to other people.
I hope, therefore, without enlarging, that the
Senate will not commit itself to this view of
the House, take back this land from the State
of Indiana and undertake to assume it when
the State perhaps will not consent, and thus
get ourselves into the difficulty of being obliged
to fight the people who are in possession of
part of it, who are now in possession under the
State of Indiana, in which we shall certainly
fail, and then go through the form of selling
some of these lands and accounting for this
money, when it wiil turn out in the end that
an attempt to sell eveiy quarter section that
lay under that lake will finally be held not to
confer a valid title upon our patentee and
that the title of the State of Indiana is a
good one, and then we shali have to pay back
the money to the patentee, and for his improve-
ments, and all that. Let us, therefore, adopt
the views of the Senator from Indiana, as he
conclusively stated them the other day, and
disagree to these amendments of the House
entirely. I am willing to do that now. But
if we are to go on and act on the theory that
we are going to take the back track on this
subject, then the subject certainly ought to go
to a committee for inquiry and investigation,
if it will be agreeable to my friend from Indi-
ana to have the bill passed, as he had it in the
first place, I will vote with him with pleasure
to disagree to the amendment of the House,
and if the House on reconsideration think that
