268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
day; as if a commission were established to
inquire and ascertain whetherany of these men
had starved prisoners to dentil in prison-pens
daring the war: just as if movements were set
on foot to ascertain any state of facts in order
to discriminate. Is that, too, within this special
power which says that Congress by a two-thirds
vote may relieve these men, and which is argued
now to mean that they are not to do it by law,
but by a power special and defined like a reso-
lution of adjournment or a proposition of
constitutional amendment?
Of course, if that is the meaning of this, not.
only should provisions now in this bill be
eliminated, not only should it be confined to
the simple assertion of that power, to a simple
vote relieving disabilities, but every possible
amendment, every safeguard, every addition
to that, whether in the bill or not. would obvi-
ously cross the line and appeal to general
legislative powers, and require the signature
of the President, and theretore be out of order
by the same reason.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Will the Sen-
ator permit me to ask him a question.
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Suppose this
amendment is voted down, and the simple
proposition as it came from the committee is
passed, and in that form is passed by two-
thirds of the members of both Houses of Con-
gress acting upon the subject, would the
President have any powers to assert the prop-
osition or its effect by his veto ?
Mr. CONKLING. I have no doubt what-
ever about it as a matter of law. The ques-
tion as a matter of fact would be very likely to
answer itself, because a bill which requires a
two-thirds vote and receives it has already
demonstrated its power to override a veto,
just as a three-fifths bill in the State Legis-
lature usually is not very much impeded m
fact and in history by incurring an executive
veto ; but as matter of law—and, of course,
it is in that sense the Senator puts the ques-
tion—I have no doubt whatever about it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. With the Sen-
ator's permission I will put one other question.
Suppose that the proposition which the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts presented
to the Senatethis morning should be submitted
to the two Houses of Congress and should
pass the two Houses by a two-thirds vote, as
lie wrote it down, would the President's veto
upon that resolution proposing an amendment
to the Constitution have any effect to arrest its
force?
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
will allow me toanswerhisquestion by another.
Suppose the concurrent resolution topass over
the holidays in vacation had been carried to
the President and he had refused to sign it,
does my honorable friend think that circum-
stance would have defeated the resolution?
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. If the honorable
Sen,for will present tiie same question to me
thai I did lo him I will give him a categorical
atiaivsr.
Mr. CONKLING. I see that the honorable
Senator uo-'>. not wish to commit himself upon
a somewhat complicated proposition like that;
and therefore I will not press my question. I
was about to say to him, houevei, in all re-
spect, that in my judgrmrn; he miaht just as
well submit to me the proposition winch 1 have
now submitted to him as to submit the piopo-
sition he has submitted. Why? He picks out
an except! >tn,l case, a ca-e which by th-: Con-
stitution does not pertain to the lu.-i-hitive
powers ot Congress. He selects a ca5'e which
the Supreme Couit and every other depart-
ment of the Government have said does not
fall within those provisions applicable to the
legislative doings of Congress; and having
selected that case, the Senator puts to me the
question whether I think a veto of the Presi-
dent would have anything to do with it. I
answer him "no," and I make that answerfor
reasons no greater and no plainer in my ap-
prehension than those which pertain to a res-
olution of adjournment, to the ratification of a
treaty, or to the confirmation of an executive
appointment, for I think the Senator might, as
well ask me whether if we should ratify atreaty
here or confirm an appointment and the Pres-
ident should veto it, that veto would defeat it.
I should answer him "no" all the time for the
same reason, that it is not legislative. But
when the Senator shall put to me any case of
an act of Congress legislative in character,
then I will answer him as I answer him now,
that manifestly in my opinion the veto power
is applicable to that as much as to any other
legislative instance which his ingenuity could
suggest.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. If the honorable
Senator will allow me, I will put an inquiry to
him.
Mr. CONKLING. I give way. I am glad
to he interrupted.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. My position is
that in this matter Congress is proceeding under
a particular specified power not ill the line of
its 01 dinary legislation, trenching in truth upon
the executive power of pardon, or tending in
that direction, at any rate. My position fur-
thermore is that Congress, in acting upon that
subject, must restrict itself to the subject which
the section in tbe constitutional amendment
has confided to its jurisdiction. I will illus-
trate it in this way: suppose that to carry into
effect this section of the fourteenth amendment
the two propositions had been combined, the
proposition of the original bill and the propo-
sition of the amendment, that would have
been an incongruity ; they could not have been
combined at all, in my judgment. Therefore,
when Congress takes up the subject the ori-
ginal proposition of Congress must be restricted
to the subject-matter over which the clause of
the Constitution gives it a special jurisdiction,
and you cannot extend this power or this limit
of action of the Constitution to a subsequent
amendment. You cannot make a proposition
to amend larger and more expansive in its
operation than you could make it as an ori-
ginal proposition.
Mr. CONK LING. I understood the Sen-
ator's point. He has stated it very clearly
now, bat no more clearly than he stated it
before. Everybody who has attended to the
debate must understand him. Now I beg his
attention while I answer him. If he says that
this power which is now about to be exercised
is derived from a particular provision of the
Constitution in the same sense in which every
other power that we exert is derived from the
Constitution, I agree with him. If he says
anything more or less than that, I differ with
him. I deny utterly that there is anything in
these words which makes it even plausible to
argue as the Senator does. These are the
words:
"But Congress may, by a vote of two thirds of
each House, remove such disability."
Will the honorable Senator say that these
words are greater or less than they would be
if they had been these : ' • But a two-thirds vote
shall be necessary to remove saiddisabihties?"
Would it not be the same thing by the mere
transposition of the phrase? What is the
esspneeofit? What is thereason of it? What
is the spirit of it? What is the letter of it?
Simply to !ix a higher standard, simply to
repiire a larger measure of legislative assent.
Is there anything more about it? We are told
there is. Why? Because, in the first place, it
is an amendment to the Constitution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. The larger meas-
ure of legislative assent is final and conclusive.
Mr. CONKLING. That is what we are
arguing, and this is argument and not asser-
tion : this is a forum of reason. I have heard
the honorable Senator fay several times what
he has just said. 1 differ with him, and his
opinion on that subject is of exactly as much
value as the reasons he assigns for it, and no
i more. That is the whole value of any man's
opinion, however learned he maybe. Now, I
say the reasons of the honorable Senator fall
short entirely of sustaining his portion, and
if he will give me his attention I think that
even I may convince him that he is wrong.
" But Congress may, by a vote of two thirds of
each House, remove such disability."
Weare told that these words arein an amend-
ment to the Constitution. Are they different
in effect for that reason? Are they double-
tongued?
Mr. THURMAN. Nobody pretends that.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio says nobody pretends fhat. The
honorable Senator from Kentucky, in his last
interruption, suggested that these words were,
in an amendment separate by themselves: ard
if that circumstance is of any value here at nil,
it must be because in some way it distinguishes
their meaning or the rule of interpretation.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. No.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well, then. I assume
by the apparent acquiescence of both Senators
that these words are to be r ad as if thej stood
in the original text of the Constitution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. The, honorable
Senator——
Mr. CONKLING. I will yield altogether to
my honorable friend. It is utterly iinpos>ib!e
|! for me to follow any argument if he occupies
II the floor so much.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. The honorable
Senator misconceives me entirely. My lait
remark upon amendment was not upou the
amendment to the Constitution, but the amend-
ment to this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, I was
about to say—and I should have concluded
some time ago if I had been permitted to
allude to the particular thing to which i wished
to draw the attention of the Senate—1 was
about to say that these words, meaning. I shall
assume, what they would had they stood in
the original text, are, 1 humbly submit, not
so wide open to the construction now con-
tended for as other similar words in the Con-
stitution upon which I can lay my hand ; as,
for example:
" The Congress shall have power" * * * *
"to constitute tribunals inferior to the Supreme
Court.
" The Congress shall have power " * * * *
"to declare war,grantletters of marque and reprisab
and make rules concerning captures on land and
water."
Now, Mr. President, put in the original text
the words here in question and the woids which
I have now read, and will any lawyer argue
that there is anything in this more reci-nt
phrase, namely, "Congress may, by a voif of
two thirds of each House, remove stirb dis-
ability," to imply, as the other word~ do not,
that the act is to be legislative and mini-
plished by law? Not at all, I submit. So
there are m3ny other words and phrases to
which I might refer. Therefore I deny entirely
that the proposition of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, that we derive this power from a special
provision of the Constitution, is true in any
sense except that which applies to every power
that we exert. The Constitution, as has been
said so often that an apology is due for re-
peating it, is an instrument of enumerated
powers, of special powers, and there is no act
of Congress which we do not adopt by reason
of some general or special provision in the
Constitution of the United States.
Under the interpretation given bv the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, I ask hU attention 11><—
Cause I do not. mean to prolong this argument)
to the second section of this bill, and I ask
him what would become of the second section
if his argument were applied lo it:
Sec. 2. Tb*t before any person shit! fi<-"otitic!
tlio benefit of tni« net he ihiiii. within th" di-trr.'t
where hn l)p;.>ro n. clerk ot -onto .• iitrt ui the
United or jj. United plates ef nnii,..-ioijei,
take ;usd ,-ufi?cribo an outh or nllmiKiti '■>mi pfort
the. Constitution of the United ^tatas. and to he ir
'j true faith and allegiance to the same, winch oath or
j affirmation shall be forwarded by said officer to the
11 Secretary of State of the United States, who shall
