13852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
ford. Holman, King:, Leach, Marison, McClelland,
JieOortniok, MeGrew, Mclntyre, Benjamin F. Mey-
ers, Moore, Nibtack, JUosea W. Parker, Isaac 0.
Parker, Randall, Head. William R. Roberts, Rob-
inson, Sion II. Rogers. Sessions. Shoemaker, Slater,
II. ISoardmau Smith,11. Milton Speer, Taffe, Wash-
ington rowusend. Turner, Wells. Whitthorne, and
young—68.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Arthur, Averill, Barber, Beveridge, Biggs, Boles,
Brooks, Cddwell, Carroll, Clarke, Cobb, Cobarn,
Cotton, Cox, Creely, Crocker, Dsirrall, Dnvis,
l)aw< s, Be Lsirge, Du Boso. Duel!, Eldredge, Elli-
ott. Ely, Farn&worth, Farvrell, Forker, Garrett,
Griffith, Hale, tlank?, Ilarmer, Hays, John \V.
llazelton, Ilerndon, Hill. Hooper, Houghton, Kel-
Jey, Keltog«r, Kendall. Kerr, Ketcham, KilMnger,
Iiinsella, Lamison, Lamport. Lansing, Lewis,
Lynch, Marshall, Mayu  rd, McOrary, Alelienry,
McJunkin. Melvinney, McNeely, Mereur, Merrick,
Mitchell, Monroe, Morey, Morgan. Morphia* Leon-
ard Myers, Nesley, Pulwer, Peck. Pendleton, Aaron
F. Perry, Eh Perry, Ptatt. Poiaud, Porter, Edward
Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie, John Rogers,
Roosevelt. Ilufk. Sargent, Scolield, Seeloy, Shel-
don, Sherwood, Shober, Slocuui, Sloss, Worthington
C. Smith, Sn.ipi>, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer,
Sprague, Starkweather. Stevens. Stevenson, Storin,
Stoughton, Stowell, Strong, St. John, Sutherland,
Swaun, Syphcr, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Tyner,
Upson, Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell,
Avjikeiuan, Waiden, Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley,
Williams of New York, Johu T. Wilson, Winches-
ter, and Wood—125.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the call,
Oh motion of Mr. CONGER, by unanimous
consent, the reading of the names was dis-
pensed with.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Tyner, was detained from the
House by sickness.
Mr. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I want to call
attention to the fact that gentlemen have voted
on this roll-call who have been admitted into
the House on parole by the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. BANKS. Who are they?
Air. MOOIUS. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is <>ue, and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Packer] is another.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. KANDALL. I make the motion that
the list of absentees be called over to see who
are absent from the House as shown by the
Journal without the leave of the House, and
subsequently the Sergeant-at-Anns be fur-
nished by the Speaker with his warrant to
bring in custody to the bar of the House all
such absentees.
Mr. HEREFORD. My resolution, sent to
the Speaker a long lime ago, takes precedence
of that motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The con-
dition of die business is as follows : tiie gen-
tleman from West Virginia [Mr. Hereford]
sent to the Chair a resolution directing the Ser-
geant-at-Anns to take into custody all mem-
bers absent without leave of the House. The
Chair ruled that resolution could not be acted
on until the list of absentees had been called
over and excuses heard. From that decision
of tile Chair the gentleman from California
[Mr, Couulax] took an appeal, and the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Fxxkelxjburg]
moved to lay the appeal upon the table. While
the Chair entertains ail these motions under
the rules, he is as sensible as any member
upon the floor, if that resolution be brought
beiore the House and acted upon it will be a
solution of the difficulty in regard to this pro-
ceeding. But with that the Chair has got
nothing to do. Just so long as the present
occupant of the Chair happens to be in the
position he now temporarily occupies, it is his
busiuebS to administer the rules of the House
as lie understands them. And he desires to
say that he has before hi in a similar case on
the Journal ot the Fortieth Congress, from
which it appears that the House can be kept
from coming to any vote on the rr&oiutiou of
the geutleman from West Virginia [Mr. Here
roui>J just so long as the yeas and nays can
be railed in respectto the excuses of ul^eutees,
and which are measured by the number ot
absentees, provided one hltfc of the House
supports that call.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. In the
Forty First Congress, if I remember aright,
there was a call of the House. Gentlemen
present who were then members of the House
will probably remember it. According to my
recollection there were no excuses made for
absentees until they had all been brought
before the bar of the House.
Mr. PEPELiS. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken in his recollection.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In answer
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Townsend] the Chair will state that the pres-
ent occupant of the Chair was not present at
the call of the House to which the gentleman
has referred, nor has he been present at any
call of the House heretofore ; but he finds from
an examination of the Journal that constantly
the course adopted has been different from that
indicated by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
and in this he is supported by the recollection
of ihe older members ofthe Hous". The ques-
tion now recurs on the motion of the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Fixkelxburg] to lay
on the table the appeal of the gentleman from
California [Mr. Cogiilan] from the decision
ofthe Chair in respect to the motion of the
gentleman from West Virginia, [Mr. Herb
ford ]
Mr. PETERS. On the motion of the gen-
tleman from Missouri I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. McKEE. And pending that I move to
dispense with further proceedings under the
call.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That will be
in order when the question has been put on
the motion of the gentleman fiom Missouri,
on which the yeas and nays are demanded.
The question being taken on ordering the
yeas anu nays, there were—ayes 20, noes <31.
So (more than one fifth of those present
having voted in the affirmative) the yeas and
nays were ordered.
Mr. SPEELi, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stand that the gentleman lrom Missouri with-
draws his motion.
Mr. FINKELNBURGr. I am willing to
withdraw it if the gentleman from California
withdraws his appeal.
Mr. COGHLAN. I withdraw it.
Mr. HOAK. 1 object. The yeas and nays
having been ordered, the appeal cannot be
withdrawn.
TheSPEAKERprotowporc. Thegentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] istight The
yeas and nays having been ordered, the motion
cannot be withdrawn without unanimous con-
sent.
'The question was taken 5 and it was dccided
in the negative—yeas 48, nays 53, not voting
139 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Banks. Barry, Beatty, Bigby, Bins-
ham, Austin Blair. Buckley, iiuffinton, Burchard,
Benjamin F. Butler, .Roderick R. Butler, Conger,
Crobsixud, Dounau, Box, Duke, E.tnies, Finkeln-
burgr. Wilder 1). Foster, Gartietd. Goodrich, lialsey,
Hawley, iiay, Gerry W. llazelton, iltbbard, iloar,
McKce, Morriam, Orr, Packard, Packer, Perce,
Peters. Rainoy, Ellis 11. Roberts, William R. Rob-
erts, Sawyer. Shellabarger, II. Boardman Smith,
John A. Smith, Washington lownsend. Twichell,
Waldron, Walls, WiiJard, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
Y ounir—48.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Beck. Bell. Bird, James
(}. Blair, Braxton, Burdctt, Campbell, Coghlan,
Connngo. Ciebs, Cntoher, Dickey, Bunnell, Charles
Foster, Henry 1). Foster. Frye, Get/,, Giddings, Gol-
laday, Haldeman, Hamoletori, Hancock, ilandley,
George E. Harris, Jobn X. Harris, Havens, Hereford,
iierudou, Kiiik, Leach, Muuson, McClelland, Mc-
Cormiek, McGrew, Mclntyre, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Moore, lN'iblack, ilosea W. Paiker, Isaac C. Parker,
Price, Randall, Head, Robinson, Slater, ft. Milton
Speer. Terry, Thomas. Turner, Weils, Wiiittkorne,
and Williams of Indiana—53.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Archer, Arthur, Avertll, B.irber, Barnum, Bever-
idge, Biggs, Boles, Bright, Brooks, Caldwell, Car-
roll, Clarne, Cobb. Coburn. Conner, Cotton. Cox,
Creely, Crocker, Dairall, Davis, Dawes, Be Large,
Du Bose, Duell, Eidredge, Klliott, Ely, Fatnsworth,
larwell, Forker, Uarrett. (Griffith, llale, Hanks,
Harmer, llarper, Hays, John \Y. llazelton, litli,
llolujun, Hooper, Houghton, Keiley, Kellogg, Ken-
dall, Kerr, Ketoham. Iviliinger. Kiiisella, Lamison,
Lamport, Lansing, Lewis, Lowe, Lynch, Marshall,
Mayniuril, McCrary, Mciienry, Me,Junkie, McKm-
ncy, McNeely, Mercur, Mcrrick, Mitchell, Monrce,
Morey, Morgan, Alorpbis. Leonard -Myers, Neulcy,
I'almer, Puck, Pendleton. Aaron F. Perry, hii Perry,
Piatt, Poland, Porter, Potter. Prindle. Edward Y.
Rice, John M. Hiee, liitehie, John Kocers, Sion It.
Rogers, Roosevelt. Ra k, Sargent, Scofield, SeUey,
Sessions. Shanks, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shober. shoe-
maker, Sloeuin, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith. Snapp,
Snyder, Thomas ,J. Speer, Sprngue, Starkweather.
Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Stoughton, Stowell,
Strong, St. John, Sutherland, Swann, Sypher, Tnffe,
Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Tyner, Upson, Van
Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell. Wakeman,
Walden, Wallace, Warren. Wheeler, Whiteley, Wil-
liams ot' New York, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
and Wood—139.
So the House refused to lay the appeal upon
the table.
The question recurred upon the appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. McKEE. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry. Is not my motion now in order to
di.-peuse with further proceedings under the
call? [Cries of '• No 1" " No 1"]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon the ajpea! taken by the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Coohi.ax] from the
decision of the Chair refusing lo entertain the
resolution of the genlletnau from West Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Heuefoud ]
The question was put, Shall the decision of
the Chair btand as the judgment of the House;
and there were—ayes i!8, noes 43.
Mr. HOAlt and Mr. PETERS called for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. McKEE. And pending that call I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. BUCK. 1 make the point of order that
the gentleman from .Massachusetts was not in
his seat when he called for the yeas and najs.
Mr. PEl'EIiS. 1 was; and 1 called for the
yeas and nays vociferously. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOAK. I returntd to my beat before
the Chair recognized the call.
Mr. BECK. The call was not made by the
gentleman in his seat.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts does not say that he
was in his seat when he made the call, but
the gentleman from Maiue says he was iu his
seat, and made it.
Mr. W. It. ROBERTS. The gentleman
from Maine was not recognized to make it. <
Mr. PEl'EUS. I rose, and called for the
yeas and nays, distinctly and loudly, before
thegentleman from Massachusetts did.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Not only
does the gentleman trom Maine so state, but
the clerks also so state, and hence the Chair
must entertain the call for the yeas and nays.
The House divided on the call for the yeas
and nays; and there were twenty-one in the
affirmative and 71 iu the negative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. W1LLARD, (atone o'clock and twenty
minutes a. in.) I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will not, entertain the motion ofthe gentleman
from Vermont. The House has just overruUd,
by a very dccided vote, the decision of the
Chair in respect of the course of its business,
and the call of the roll has begun. [Loud
ciies of "Not yetl"]
Mr. PEL'ERS. That is the question before
the House, on which the yeas and nays have
been ordered, and the House has not yet
decided it.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I raise the
question of order that the decision of the
Chair is not debatable.
Mr. COGHLAN. The House has just
decided against the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WILLARD. Not at all; that is the
very question which is to be decided by the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
was mistaken. He thought that the first name
on the roll had been called, in the confusion.
The gentleman from Vermont made his mo-
tion before the roll call commenced, and that
motion is always iu order.
