"216
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Restoration of Specie Payments—Mr. Merrick.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
payable to the United States, to be collected
and paid in the legal currency of the United
States (which then meant gold and silver) or
Treasury notes, or notes of the Bank of the
United States, after the 1st of February then
next ensuing. This simple resolution dis-
credited the notes of non-specie-paying banks
and operated a compulsion upon them to re-
sume specie payments or be banished from
circulation. The measure which I propose is
' simply for the Government to cease to dis-
credit its own notes, and to receive them in
payment of all customs and other debts and
dues of the United States, and, as I have al-
ready shown, they would be at substantial par
with the five per cent, gold interest bonds of
the United States, and resumption of specie
payments would be instantaneous all over the
country.
There is a very general and a most fallacious
idea prevalent, circulated and insisted upon
by the mischievously interested classes I have
already described, that contraction of the
volume of paper currency is necessary before
resumption can be effected or maintained.
That idea arises out of, or rather receives
countenance from, reasons applicable to the
suspensions of specie payments with which we
were formerly familiar when incorporated
banks of limited capital furnislfed the paper
circulation, and when there was nothing to
support the credit of their notes but their abil-
ity to meet a demand for their redemption
except the gold and silver in the vaults of the
banks. But in the present condition of things
all the paper circulation, both the legal tender
and the national bank-note circulation, rests
upon the credit and is sustained by the taxable
property of the whole country, and receiv-
ability for taxes and dues of the Government
supplies in itself the amplest fund for redemp-
tion. It was. an accepted axiom of the former
system of banking, that a specie fund of
dollar for three ot paper was a healthy basis
for a specie-paying bank-note circulation.
Now the annual taxes of the United States
furnish a direct basis of redemption for more
than half the entire circulation, without refer-
ence to the local taxation of the States which
is nearly as large as the former. By referring to
the tables of the present census of the United
States it appears that the aggregate public in-
come of the country in 1870, was $688,520,435,
of which the taxation of the States and Terri-
tories was $281,180,312. But if, independ-
ently of these considerations, it be still insisted
that the present" volume of the currency is too
largeforthe legitimate, business of the country,
and that a contraction of its volume is neces-
sary before specie payments can be resumed, or
if resumed that it cannot be successfully main-
tained, a few statistical facts will suffice to dis-
pel that objection. The total circulation of the
country at the present time is about $356,000,-
000 of legal-tender notes, and about $322,000,-
000 of national bank circulation, making an
aggregate of $678,000,000. The total circu-
lation in 1860 was $520,000,000. The total
circulation in 1838 was $130,000,000. Now,
compare the value of the revenue from cus-
toms in 1838 with the value of the revenue
from customs in 1872, as at least an approxim-
ate standard of the volume of currency re-
quisite to perform the needful operations of
commerce and exchange at the two periods,
and we should have $1,300,000,000 of currency
at this time, as the revenues indicate that pro-
portion in the relative wealth and commerce of
the two periods. But, as the rates of duties
are widely different in tbe two periods, let us
take a later date, and one in which the com-
merce of the country flourished and unex-
ampled prosperity with a sound and unques-
tionable specie currency existed, and let us
select a different element for the comparison.
At the close of the year 1860 the aggregate
currency was $520,000,000, distributed as fol-
lows : in the States which adhered to the
Union, $210,000,000 in specie and $150,000,-
000 in bank notes; in the seceding States,
$90,000,000 of specie and $70,000,000 of bank
notes. The aggregate wealth of the United
States at that time was $16,000,000,000.
In 1872 the circulation is §678,000,000, and
the aggregate wealth is $30,000,000,000; a
wealth nearly double, but a circulation in-
creased less than one third. But, if instead
of the aggregate wealth, suppose we take the
population of the two periods as the proper or
proximate measure of the true proportions of
currency for the two periods. In 1860 there
were thirty-one million people in the United
States, of whom four million were slaves, who
had little use for money because they had no
commercial transactions. Iu 1872 there are
probably forty million people. The popula-
tion having increased one third, at least one
third more money would be required for cir-
culation, which would make $693,000,000, the
proper amount for this period as compared
with $520,000,000 in 1860.
But if we further take into our computa-
tion the fact that the four million blacks who
were sieves, and required but little money for
their domestic commerce in 1860, now do re-
quire very large sums in their industrial pur-
suits for the payment of wages and the pur-
chase of necessaries, it would be a moder-
ate computation to say that $50,000,000 more
should be added to the volume of circulation,
which would swell the total to $743,000,000.
Another most important consideration must
be recognized in estimating the proper volume
of currency. Since the year 1850 more than
three thousand millions have been added to
the precious metals circulating in the commer-
cial world, derived from the mines of Austra-
lia, California, and other gold-producing re-
gions. This increase of the amount of money
has occasioned a vast addition to all nominal
values, and has created a need for a larger pro-
portion of money per capita for domestic and
commercial exchanges than formerly. What
this proportion may be it is difficult to esti-
mate with accuracy ; but it is quite apparent
that a large allowance should be given to this
operative cause.
Again, the improvements in the means of
intercommunication between the different parts
of'the country, the rapid growth of the great
cities, require more frequent dealings and ex-
changes among all classes of society, and beget
the necessity for a larger quantity of money
for every individual's use. If we assume that
an average of twenty dollars of circulating
medium for each inhabitant be a fair allow-
ance, (and it seems to me this would not be
too large,) then the present population of the
United States would not have more than
enough with $800,000,000.
Whatever standard of comparison be adopt-
ed, of wealth, taxation, population, extended
and increased rapidity of intercommunication,
multiplication of industries, and minute sub-
divisions of labor, they each and all point to
the necessity for a largely increased circulating
medium. From the best reflection I have
been able to bestow upon the subject I think
the country has grown beyond the present
volume of its currency, and that it requires an
increase of circulation.
The Secretary of the Treasury in his la3t
report states that the value of the paper cur-
rency during the years 1869 and 1870 was
apparently appreciated by the increased use
of paper mouey in the South, but chiefly by
the establishment of the credit of the United
States on a firm basis, and that being fully
accomplished on the 1st of January, 1871,
since that time the appreciation has been
wholly due to the increased demand for it in
the business affairs of the country; and he then
asserts that the difference in value between the
1st of January, 1871, and the present moment,
furnishes the best test fur determining the
quantity of paper currency which can be used
and its value kept at par with gold; and then
he concludes that tried by this test the amount
of paper money in circulation is still too large,
and we must either reduce the amount of
paper or wait until the country grows large
enough to fit its rag garment. Now, if it were
true that the credit of the country was fully
established in respect to this legal-tender
paper, and the Government had done all in
its power to give value to its issues thereof
as it has done to give credit to its bonds, there
might be some force in the suggestion ; but so
long as the Government refuses to receive this
paper at par the supposed test is as utterly
fallacious in its conclusions as it is false in its
premises.
If the views I have submitted be correct
then the argument against resumption drawn
from the necessity of contraction is at an end,
and the true need of the country is a moderate
expansion of currency. That expansion will
be effected not by more paper, but by setting
free the gold we have. Let the Government
set free the hoarded gold which lies useless in
tlie Treasury; let it restore the credit of its
own paper by consenting to receive it for debts
due to itself, as it requires the laboring man
to receive it in payment of his debts, and we
shall return without a sensible shock to the
only currency with which we can harmonize
our industries with the industries of the com-
mercial world. It is vain to talk of reviving
our commerce and restoring the navigating
and shipping interests of the country, (all the
subsidies we might pay could not accomplish
that,) if we continue an odious discrimination
against those interests, which discrimination
redounds to the advantage of foreign rivals
and swells the profits of protective monopolists
at home, if we were an isolated people then
the domestic currency which we use would be
unimportant; but at the point of contact with
the great republic of commerce we must fit
our people for competition with those with
whom they trade, and. this we can only do by
giving them a currency which the rest of the
world will accept as a legal tender without the
compulsion of law or the constraint of a judicial
opinion.
Mr. Speaker, I have discharged the duty
which devolved upon me of contributing the
results of my best reflections upon the im-
portant subject of the restoration of the cur-
rency of the country to a sound specie basis.
If the means of so doing which I propose seem
to be insignificant I can only say that very
similar means have in times past proved
effectual, and the high authorities which i have
already quoted are enough to shield my sug-
gestions from the charge of rashness.
But the responsibility rests upon the Admin-
istration and upon its supporters in Congress,
and sooner or later the people will vindicate
their claims to consideration, sooner or later
the laboring man will re'quire that his earnings
shall be paid to him in a currency as stable
and as intrinsically valuable as that which his
wealthy neighbor receives for interest upon
the Government bond which he holds. Soon,
very soon, they will give warning that there
must not be two currencies, one for the Gov-
ernment, and another for the people. If the
Republican Administration does not make
haste to perform its duty, the time is near at
hand when others will come forward to redress
the abuse of a debased and unconstitutional
currency, together with the long train of wan-
ton and pestilent violations of the Constitu-
tion which years of unbridled license have
developed, and under Democratic auspices to
restore to the country peace, prosperity, and
justice.
