2060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana accepts that modification.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
business 01? committee os claims.
Mr. HOWE. I offer the following resolu-
tion and ask for its present consideration :
lienohal, That Thursday next be assigned for the
consideration of reports from the Committee on
Claims.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
t.ion to the present consideration of the reso-
lution ?
Mr. COLE. I apprehend we shall be in
the midst of the consideration of an appropri-
ation bill at that time, and I think therefore
if the Senator would put off the time a little
longer, probably it would be better.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Chair will
state to the Senator from California that even
if Thursday should be assigned for the business
of the Committee on Claims, the unfinished
business of Wednesday night would have pri-
ority unless the Senator from Wisconsin
could induce a majority of the Senate on
Thursday to lay it on the table.
Mr. COLE. I suggest to the Senator from
Wisconsin that he had better put it off a little
further than that, because I should dislike
very much to interfere with him if he has a
day fixed.
Mr. HOWE. I should iike to be informed
how long I am to put it off.
Mr, COLE. I think all this week at least
will be consumed by appropriation bills.
Mr. IiOWE. Will the Senator agree to
Monday next?
Mr. COLE. Well, change it to that time.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator agrees to it.
Very well; I will say Monday.
Mr. COLE. I make no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT.; Still the unfin-
ished business will have priority, and the Sen-
ator from California will not be prejudiced in
regard to an appropriation bill which was then
pendingasunfinished business, unless a major-
ity of the Senate should determine to lay it
aside.
Mr. HOWE. As a matter of order I sup-
pose he would not be prejudiced; but as a
matter of fact, I insist that he will be.
[Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin will be entitled to the floor to test
the sense of the Senate in regard to proceed-
ing with the unfinished business, on that day.
Mr. COLE. I wish to have a clear under-
standing on this matter. If the Senator changes
liis resolution until next Monday, I have no
objection to its consideration ; but I cannot
tell what may arise in the mean time, and -I
should not like to be bound by any absolute
agreement to yield that day to him. However,
it tile resolution is passed, it will simply make
the business of the* Committee on Claims the
special order for next Monday, subject to the
unfinished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
test the sense of the Senate on t,he resolution
as modified, inserting Monday, instead of
Thursday.
The resolution, as mgdified, was adopted.
JIOBILK HARBOR.
Mr. SPENCER submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to tarnish the Senate with aeopyoftha communica-
tion of General J. H.Simpson, of the engineer corps,
United States Army, of date Mobile, March 22,1872,
relative to the improvement of tho Mobilo harbor ;
also, a copy of the report of the board of engineers
of date February 14,1872, relating to the same subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend that by
adding "and any further information in his
possession on the subject," so that we shall
get all.
Mr. SPENCER. I think the resolution
specifies all he has.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, there might be
something else. I think that had better be
put in.
Mr. SPENCER. I accept the 'modifica-
tion.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
senator,* from north carolina.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask leave to make
a statement in regard to the case of Mr. Ab-
bott. There was a kind of understanding
that that matter should be moved and heard
to-day; but owing to sickness in my family it
will be impossible for me to be present during
the debate, as I desire to be when it is taken
up. I have appealed to the Senator from Illi-
nois who has the matter in charge, [Mr.
Logan,] and it is understood that it shall not
be moved to day, nor until such time as it
shall be agreeable to the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Thurmax,] the Senator from Illinois,
and myself.
Mr. LOGAN. I will say that the Senator
from Ohio is absent and the family of the Sen-
atorfrom Wisconsin is sick. Wedonotagree
on any day now ; but the very moment those
Senators are able to be present the case is to
be called up and the Senate asked to dispose
of it.
Mr. CARPENTER. We are all desirous
of hearing it at the earliest time that we can
be present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent the Chair was instructed to recognize
the Senator from Illinois at one o'clock to-day
for the purpose of moving to lay on the table
any unfinished business that might be pending
and proceed to consider the senatorial elec-
tion. The Senator now waives it, and desires
this consent to continue, that he is to have the
door at one o'clock when the Senators named
can be present, in order to move to lay on the
table whatever may be then the unfinished
business for the purpose of calling up the elec-
tion case.
city of carondelet.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President 
The VICE-PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri is entitled to the floor, and
moves to proceed to the consideration of the
bill reported by himself from the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 420) to confer juris-
diction on the Court of Claims to hear and
determine the suit of Corondeletrs. The United
States. The preamble recites that doubts exist
touching the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims
over the suit now pending in thai court against
the United States for the recovery of a tract
of land claimed to be a part of the commons
of Carondelet, instituted by the city of Caron-
delet; and the bill therefore proposes to grant
jurisdiction to the Court of Claims to hear and
determine the cause, subject to the right of
appeal by either party to the Supreme Court
of the United States, and to provide that the
depositions heretofore taken in the cause may
be read at the trial thereof with the same effect
as if taken after the passage of the act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the reading of
the report in that case.
The Chief Clerk read the following report,
submitted by Mr. Blair on the 29th of Jan-
uary :
The Committee on Private Land Claims, to whom
was referred the petition of the city of Carondelet,
now merged in the city of St. Louis, in the State of
Missouri, praying that jurisdiction may be conferred
upon the Court of Claims to hear and determine a
claim now pending in said court against the United
States, have considered said petition and report:
That the claim grows out of the action of certain
officers of the United States, by which it is alleged
that the authorities of tho town of Carondelet were
obliged to convey a part of the commons of Caron-
delet to the United States without consideration;
that Carondelet was a village in upper Louisiana
while that territory was owned by the French Gov-
ernment, and according to the custom of that Gov-
ernment, and also of the Spanish Government, under
whose dominion the country subsequently passed,
commons were granted to the inhabitants lor the
pasturage of their cattle and to furnish them with
wood; that by the act of June 13, 1812, Congress
confirmed these commons to the inhabitants of
several villages, of which Carondelet was one, and
ordered them to be surveyed; that the survey made
in 1817, by the proper officer, included the land in
question; that in 1826 application was made to
some of the villagers to grant twelve hundred acres
of the land to tho United States for military pur-
poses, and they granted tho land to the United
States " so long as it may be useful for that pur-
pose/' and the United States entered under that
deed, and built on the grounds what are known as
Jefferson barracks. In 1832 the village was. for the
first time, formally incorporated, and the authorities
denied the right of the individuals to convey tho
laud to the United States, and in 1838 the United
States attorney decided that the deed of 1820 gave
no title. Thereupon the Secretary of War applied
to the land department to annul the survey setting
apart the land to the villagers, and this was done,
and a controversy ensued at the Land Office and the
Interior Department, which continued till the 12th
day of January, 1855, when the Secretary of the
Interior reaffirmed the original survey, reserving
oift of it for the United States about two thousand
acres of land, including the twelve hundred origin-
ally conveyed by the inhabitants.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office, oil
24th September, 1839, at the instance of the Secre-
tary of "VVai\ annulled the survey ot the commons,
which had subsisted for twenty-two years. Prom
the date of that annulment till it was reaffirmed in
1855, the villagers were harassed with litigation,
and without their survey, according to tncjuiiug^
of the courts, were defenseless. 'L'ney repeatedly
endeavored to get Congress to act. without success.
Being thus helpless, they agreed with the cretnry
of War to convey the two thousand acres in ques-
tion, in order to get the survey reestablished, au l it
was reestablished as soon as he informed the Sec-
retary of the Interior tuat a satisfactory deed was
mode.
The authorities of Carondelet were advised, in
1859, that the Court of Claims was competent to
decide whether they ought to loss their land in
this manner, and accordingly filed a petition in
that court, stating the facts and praying that their
deed mischt be set aside, and the land decreed to
them. Tho case was argued before that court re-
peatedly; first, on the jurisdiction which the court
sustained, and afterward on the merits, upon
which the court was equally divided. In the
mean time that court was put uader the super-
vision of the Supreme Co"rt of the United States,
and the latter court decided, in other cases, that
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims did not ex-
tend to such cases. _
The defenses relied on by the United States are,
first, that the officers of the land department had
authority to set aside the survey, and ought to have
done so because it was erroneous; second, that the
grant of Carondelet to the United States, which was
made in consideration of the reestablishment of the
survey, was made in pursuance of a legitimate com-
promise, and is therefore valid.
These questions are purely questions of law, de-
pending entirely upon the construction of acts of
Congress and of the official documents contained
in the record of the Court of Claims, which, in the
opinion of the committee, should be referred to the
Supreme Court for decision, as proposed by tho bill,
and therefore the committee recommend that it be
passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire
how much money is involved in case the Uni-
ted States are defeated in this suit?
Mr. BLAIR. I cannot inform the Senator
very accurately. The land is valuable; it lies
within twelve miles of the city of St. Louis ;
but it strikes me that the amount involved is
not the question to be considered. The ques-
tion is whether the city of St. Louis, in which
the town of Carondelet is now merged, shall
have a right to have its claim judicially
passed upon by the courtsof the Uniied States.
If the land belonged to the city of Caron-
delet, and was improperly taken by the officers
of the United States, and it shall be so decided
by the courts of the United States. I think no
one can object. These questions, as the re-
port states, are purely questions of law; ah the
facts are matters of record; and it is upon
these official records that we desire that the
highest court in the country should pass. I
think there ought not to be objection to refer-
ring a case of this kind, in which a large com-
munity like that of bt. Louis is contending for
its rights, to the courts of the country.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know that we
have ever agreed that everybody has the right
to try his cause in the Court of Claims. If it
is a case of contract where the United States
are sought to be charged, then we have by
statute provided that the Court of Claims shall
