1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21?
42d Cong....2d Seiss.
Social Equality—Mr. McHenry.
Ho. of Reps.
Social Equality.
SPEECH OF HON. H. D. McHENRY,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House op Representatives,
April 13, 1872.
The House having met for debate as in Committee
%f the Whole on the state of the Union-
Mr: McHENRY said:
Mr. Speaker: On Monday last, the sup-
plemental civil rights bill was ordered to be.
engrossed and carried through its third read-
ing, and is, therefore, now in a condition
when it cannot be amended, and I presume
in a short time it will be passed by the same
vote which ordered its third reading. That
was a test vote, and taken by yeas and nays,
only one Republican voting against it. This
bill has been pressed on the House by the pre-
vious question, and no opportunity given for
amendments or debate, and now that we are
in Committee of the Whole, I desire*to submit
a few remarks on it to-day, as the final vote
may probably be taken on it to-morrow. I
ask the Clerk to read the bill. It is House
bill No. 1647.
The Clerk read as follows:
A bill supplementary to an act entitled " An act to
protect all citizens of the United States in their
civil rights, and to furnish the means for their
vindication," passed April 9, 1866.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repretenta-
tivetsof the United States of Aw c.rica inConyrexH assem-
bled, That no citizen of the United States shall, by-
reason of race, color, or previous condition of ser-
vitude, be excepted or excluded from the full and
equal enjoyment of any accommodation, advantage,
facility, or privilege furnished by innkeepers; by
c-mmon carriers, whether on land or water; by
licensed owners, managers, or lessees of theaters or
other places of public amusement; by trustees, com-
missioners, superintendents, teachers, and other
officers of common schools and other public insti-
tutions of learning, the same being supported by
moneys derived from general taxation, or author-
ized by law; by trustees and officers of cemetery
associations and benevolent institutions incorpor-
ated by national or State authority. But private
schools, cemeteries, and institutions of learning
established exclusively for white or colored persons,
and maintained respectively by voluntary contri-
butions, shall remain according to the terms of the
original establishment.
Sec. 2. That any person violating any of the pro-
visions of the foregoing section, or aiding in their
violation, or inciting thereto, shall, for every such
offense, forfeit and pay the sum of $500 to the per-
son aggrieved thereby, to be recovered m an action
on the case, with full costs, and shall also, for every
such offense, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and, upon conviction thereof, shall be fined not less
than $500, nor more than |l,000, or shall be impris-
oned not less than thirty days, nor more than one
year: Provided, That the party aggrieved shall not
recover more than one penalty; and when the offense
is a refusal of burial, the penalty may be recovered
by the heirs-at-law of the person whose body has
been refused burial.
Sec. 3. That the same jurisdiction and powers are
hereby conferred and the same duties enjoined upon
the courts and officers of the United States in the
execution of this act as are conferred and enjoined
upon such courts and officers in sections three, four,
five, seven, and ten of an act entitled "An act to
protect all persons in the United States in their
civil rights, and to furnish the means of their vindi-
cation," passed April 9,1866; and these sections aie
hereby made a part of this act; and any of the
aforesaid officers failing to institute and prosecute
such proceedings herein required shall, lor every
such offense, forfeit and pay the sum of $500 to the
person aggrieved thereby, to be recovered by an
action on the case, with full costs, and shall, on con-
viction thereof, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
andbe finednot less than §1,000 nor more than $5,000.
Sec. 4. That no citizen possessing all other quali-
fications which are o,r may be prescribed by law shall
be disqualified for service as juror in any court,
national or State, by reason of race, color, or pre-
vious condition of servitude; and any officer or
other persons charged with any duty in the selection
or summoning of juiors who shall exclude or fail to
summon any citizen for the reason above named,
shall, on conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor and be fined not less than §-1,000 nor
more than $5,000. , .
Skc. 5. That every discrimination against any citi-
zen on account of color by the use of the word
"white " in any law, statute, ordinance, or regula-
tion, is hereby repealed and annulled.
Mr. McHENRY. This bill istlic same tliat
was presented in the Senate during the Forty-
First Congress by the Senator from Massachu
setts, [Mr. Sumner,] and has been much dis-
cussed and commented on in my State. The
Republicans there have uniformly contended
that it would not pass. They have expressed
themselves against it, and in political discus-
sions they have met with derision the allega-
tion which Democrats have made that it would
finally be accepted by them and enacted into
a law by their party. This measure was adopted
in the Senate as an amendment to the amnesty
bill at this session, and it is a well-ascertained
fact that i f we pass it here it will pass th'at body
and become a law.
The bill is as bad in its policy as it is unten-
able in its constitutional construction, if it
were not a clear infringement of the rights of
the States to local self-government. The im-
policy of Congress entering upon this class of
legislation seems to me perfectly manifest.
When we undertake to protect and enforce the
civil rights of the citizen in all his walks and
avocations of life, in his education, his travel,
his public easements, and finally in his last
resting-place, we will find that the machin-
ery of the Federal Government to maintain
and uphold those rights will prove inadequate
to their full and complete vindication. The
forms and regulations provided by States and
municipalities are ample and efficient in the
protection of life, liberty, property, and in the
full and complete enjoyment of each and every
privilege which appertains to citizenship in this
whole country. If laws are found to be de-
ficient they are readily amended. If execu-
tive officers fail in their execution the courts
are open to all; and whatsoever of personal
privilege or individual right appertains to
man, the local laws and courts as enforced in
the States are far better adapted to enforce
that privilege and maintain that right than
any remedy we can devise and execute through
the instrumentality of the Federal Govern-
ment.
Everything that is really a right in this bill
is already secured by State laws to the negro
as well as the white man. He has the right to
travel upon land and water; no one is forbid-
den to entertain him or to amuse him, and his
right of education and burial are not denied
him; but it is a far different thing when the
law prescribes who shall do these things for
him and the manner in which they are to be
done. That is a matter of contract, in which
the law has no right to interfere. Who shall
restrict my right to keep a house of entertain-
ment for such persons only as I see proper to
entertain ? Shall the law forbid the black man
from opening a house of amusement for the
black people alone ; or the white man from
establishing schools for the education of white
children; or laying off cemeteries for the
exclusive burial of their own race? This
bill undertakes to compel every innkeeper
to extend to the negro the full and equal en-
joyment of every accommodation, advantage,
facility, or privilege furnished by him to other
guests. It gives the negro the right to demand
the best bed, to occupy the best room, and to
eat at the same table with the most favored
guest, and to receive the same attention in
every respect.
If a man sees proper to associate with
negroes, to eat at the same table, ride on the
same seat with them in cars, or sees proper to
send bis children to the same schools with them,
and place himself upon the same level with
them in any regard, I would not abridge his
right to do so; but that is a very different
thing from compulsory social equality and
association with those whose company is dis-
tasteful to him. Under this law, if your wife
should be traveling alone, any negro man who
happened to be traveling in the same car has
a right to seat himself by her side, and if the
conductor or any one else should interfere for
her protection they render themselves amen-
able to heavy penalties—penalties so heavy that
no conductor would interfere to protect the
most refined lady from such intrusion if there
were a vacant seat by her side and the filthiest
negro should see proper to occupy it. No
man can afford to hold the place of a conductor
and incur the heavy penalties of this bill by
protecting a lady under the circumstances;
and the result will be that she must submit to .
this degradation forced on her by the Congress
of the United States.
If a man is in the habit of receiving trav-
elers in his house, and furnishing them food
and lodging for a compensation, he thereby
becomes an innkeeper; a boarding-house
keeper, who receives transient guests, is an
innkeeper. It is not required that a sign shall
be over the door or a license obtained to make
an inn, and consequently not only the hotels
in the cities, but the village inns and country
taverns are included in this bill; and the negro
can stop at the inn or tavern where the wife
and daughters of the landlord wait on the
table and demand entertainment, which must
be given him, or severe penalties will fall upon
the household, and there is no escape from
them unless the man submits to the equality
or quits his occupation. It will not do to take
down his sign and surrender up his license.
If he continues to receive and charge transient
customers, he is an innkeeper under the law,
and is embraced in this bill.
Sir, hotels and inns are private property.
The owners have no exclusive privilege or
right to keep entertainment for the public.
Any man can do it; and the State does noth-
ing for him that it does not do- for any other
private citizen. He needs no special protec-
tion, nor is any special privilege given him.
The entertainment he gives isa matter of con-
tract between him and his guest, and the
State has no interest in it, and no right to
interfere between them, except to enforce the
contract as it does in all other affairs. Then,
upon what principle do we pretend to inter-
fere and compel the innkeeper to receive guests
distasteful to him? We levy specific taxes
upon him, it is true; but I do not see that he
has any exclusive right, privilege, or immun-
ity granted him. He levies no toll upon the
public, nor is he exempt from the duties and
responsibilities which belong to other citizens.
He simply gives a consideration for what he
receives, as do men of all avocations of life,
and he should be exempt from legislation
which interferes with his individual rights.
Hotels in this country have always discrimin-
ated as to the class of persons who they
entertain. And they will continue to do it,
even when this bill is passed.
Sir, let a poor, meanly-dressed white man,
however worthy, if his appearance is such as
to indicate that he moves in a sphere below
that of the other guests, call at the Arlington
or Metropolitan, and he would be refused en-
tertainment, and would have no redress; but
when the well-dressed negro with money in
his pocket shall call and demand entertain-
ment, notwithstanding his presence would be
much more objectionable to those guests,
the landlord cannot refuse him, because a
special law has been passed for his benefit,
and he is the representative of a race who are
the wards and pets of the Federal Government.
The negro has the right to set up and keep
an inn wherever and whenever he chooses, as
they have the right to set themselves up in
every other business ; and they do have their
boarding-houses, and in every city and town
they will find those of their own race and color
who are ready and willing to accommodate
them with lodging and board; and the owners
and. proprietors of such houses do not want
white guests, and would consider it a hardship
if they were compelled to entertain them; and
