1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
cause a list of all persons complying with the pro-
visions of this act to be laid before Congress at the
opening of each session thereof: and the officer be-
fore whom such oath or affirmation is made shall
give to tho peraon taking it a certificate of the fact
under such forms and regulations as the Secretary
of State shall prescribe.
Now, suppose one of these men is indicted
for perjury, or suppose he is indicted for
forgery, for forging the name of somebody
else to one of these papers ; suppose the Sec-
retary of State refuses to do these ministerial
duties devolved upon him; suppose this act
is set at defiance or ignored; is it to bean
instance of the violation of law? Is it to be
an instance in which a statute is violated?
Clearly not, according to the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky and other Senators who
agree with him about this question. Why?
Because Congress has not been legislating.
There is no law; it is like a concurrent reso-
lution to adjourn the two Houses, or like pro-
posing a constitutional amendment, or like
ratifying a treaty by one House, or confirming
a nomination by one House, having nothing
to do with legislation, and {he Secretary of
State and everybody else ad libitum may give
the statute to the winds upon ihe ground that
Congress under a special power relieved the
disabilities of A B and 0 D, or of classes of
men, and there its power stopped and every-
thing beyond that was mere impertinence and
surplusage. Is that the law? It is the inevi-
table logic of the ground on which it is
attempted now to sustain the appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. President, this amendment of the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts is in order.
If it ought not to be adopted, so be it. I did
not rise for the purpose of advocating the
amendment, but I wish to vote upon it. Iam
not going now to discuss the question of am-
nesty, either upon this appeal or in this debate.
I wish to say, however, that, I think this is a
grave question, and it is one in which I feel an
interest. The Senator from Indiana or some
other Senator yesterday spoke of its having
.been said that we ought to give a Christmas
present, as E understood his expression.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Trumbull] made that remark. I said
it was more important to get the bill right.
Mr. CONKLING. I heard it first from the
Senator from Indiana. I agree that it is more
important to get the bill right; but I wish to
say that, in my judgment, it is quite as im-
portant that Frederick Douglass, to whom
reference was made yesterday, should be per-
mitted to go unabused and undegraded with-
out let or iiinderance as that Jefferson Davis
should be allowed 011 Christmas or on any
other day to govern the orphans and cripples
he has made or to govern the people ot this
country whom he has burdened with taxes.
Mr. THU11MAN. Does the Senator pro-
pose to argue the merits of this bill on this
question?
Mr. CONKLTNG. The Senator need not
have asked that, because I prefaced the remark
I am making by disclaiming all intention to
argue the merits of this measure now or to
argue them in this debate at all. But I make
this remark, Mr. President, to appeal to the
friends of amnesty here not to lose sight of
other things which may be important in this
bill, either to gain time to-day or to accelerate
the speed with which an act of crowning grace
is to go out to men who to-day are walking
monuments of the mercy and magnanimity of
the American people.
I do not mean to speak now of all the pro-
visions of this amendment of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts. I have not
studied it of late. There may be details which
ought to be amended or coirected. I speak
of it at large, Mr. President, when I protest
against its being excluded upon a point ot order
which I believe to be untenable, and against
its being excluded by reasons of convenience
relating to the hour of the day when a vote may
be taken on this bill or the day of the week
when the act of grace which it confers may
reach those who are ultimately to accept it. I
do not mean to argue the merits of it at all,
and I say to the honorable Senator from Ohio,
in resuming my seat, that but for being diverted
by some interruptions which I was very glad to
receive, I should not have stood in his way as
long as I have done by any means.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I have
no complaint to make whatever that the Sen-
ator from New York has occupied the time he
has, and I do not think that the Senate has
any right to complain. This is a very important
question, and it is one that arises for the first
time in the Senate in the form in which it is
now presented. That it has received discus-
sion is due to the fact that Senators have chosen
to discuss it, and discuss it at large. I owe no
apology to the Senate then, I think, for occu-
pying a few minutes in closing the discussion,
and I shall endeavor to do so by speaking to
the question and not going outside of it. I
have only to make one remark outside of it,
and that is that I am quite as ready as the
Senator from New York to vote on the amend-
mentof the Senator from Massachusetts when-
ever that shall be presented in such a way that
I can express my opinion in reference to it.
Now, I think I might admit almost every
proposition for which the Senators have con-
tended, and yet my point of order would ap-
pear to be well taken. In the first place, what
is said by the Senator from Vermont? V\ liy
that by parliamentary law you may change the
whole nature of a bill, that if there be 110 rule
of the House to prevent you from so doing by
requiring that amendments shall be germane
to the matter of the bill, the House is at per-
fect liberty to change black into white and
white into black, to strikeout the whole of the
bill, if you choose, and to insert a new bill
upon a totally different subject. I agree with
that, 1 have contended for that in the Senate
before, and I shall ever contend for it until the
Senate shall adopt some rule, which it never
will with my approbation, similar to that of
the House of Representatives.
I admit that that is the general parliament-
ary law; and if this were an ordinary bill of
legislation, I admit that you might adopt any
amendment you saw fit, however incongruous
it might be. Nay, I go so far as to say that
you might adopt an amendment which was
plainly unconstitutional, and you might do it
for the purpose of defeating tho bill, not that
you could pass the bill after you had adopted
the amendment, bccause that would violate
your oaths to support the Constitution ; but
you may defeat a bill even in that extreme
way if you see fit to do it.
But my argument is, that in the Constitution
of the United States—not more in this four-
teenth amendment than in another provision
of the Constitution—there are certain matters
of legislation which are peculiar, out of the
course of ordinary legislation, and that in
respect to them the Constitution has as much
force as any rule this body can adopt requiring
amendments to be germane to the subject.
In these special cases a higher rule than a rule
of the Senate, the Constitution itself, requires
that amendments shall be germane to the sub-
ject of the bill.
The first of these has already been com-
mented upon. It is the case of a proposition
to amend the Constitution of the United States
and now, I do not care whether such a resolu-
tion as that must be submitted to the Presi-
dent for his approbation or not; that does not
louch the question of order at all. I am free
to say that if the question were res Integra,
if there had been no decision (there was
an actual decision in the case that has been
referred to) of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and if there had been no pracliee of the
Congress to the contrary I should hold that a
proposition to amend the Constitution of the
United States ought to be submitted to the
President for his approval, and that if he
vetoed it, it would be incumbent on Congress
to reconsider that proposition. The whole
object of a veto is not to defeat a bill in the
presidential pleasure, but to require of the
legislative body to again consider that bill with
the objections of the Executive. It is not an
absolute veto ; it is a veto that only slays legis-
lation until the subject can be reconsidered and
the objections suggested by the President can
be reflected upon by the Congress. That is
all that it is ; and if the most ordinary piece
of legislation requires that the Congress- shall
submit its action to the President in order that
he may study it, and if he disapproves it may
send it back to Congress with his objeciion, so
that Congress may reconsider the subject, it
does seem to me that if the question were res
iuiegra wo ought to say that the highest of all
acts we can perform, an attempt to change the
fundamental law of the land, comes within
that provision and requires those safeguards
of consideration and reconsideration.
But that is res adjudieaia; there is an end
of all controversy about that. That question
was raised on the adoption of the eleventh
amendment to the Constitution. The reso-
lution was not presented to the President for
his approval, and of course never received
his signature. The validity of tho eleventh
amendment was attacked in the Supreme
Court of the United States in the ease of
Hollingsworth vs. The State of Virginia, on
that very ground, and the Suprpme Court
unanimously decided that tho resolution of
the Congress did not require the approval of
tho President. That question, then, is re.t ad-
judicata in the judiciary, and it is resadjudi-
cata here. This very fourteenth amendment
that imposes these disabilities never was signed
or approved by the President; the resolution
proposing it to the States never received the
executive approbation.
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the Senator
a question ?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Does he introduce that
historical fact, that the fourteenth amendment
was not approved by the President, as having
any effect, one way or the other, upon this
argument? And if he does, will he be kind
enough to tell me whether that peculiar effect
attaches also to all the other amendments that
have not been approved by the President?
Mr. THURMAN. I will answer the Sen-
ator. I might answer him as it is very com-
mon on this floor to do. Whenever reference
is made to anything very extraordinary that
was done by Congress within a space of three
years and some months of the history of this
country, it is common to defend its action
on the ground that those were the years of
Andrew Johnson's Administration, and there-
fore Congress was not bound by the Conttitu-
tion or by anything else, but only to see that
Andy Johnson was headed off!
Mr. CONKLING. My friend will allow me
to say that if he puts this upon that ground,
that this is all being done at a time when Con-
gress is not bound by the Constitution, I think
the argument would be conclusive ; but if he
concedes that we are bound by Constitution,
then I have trouble with the argument.
Mr. THURMAN. I am not going into a
play of wits with my friend from New York.
I should get the worse of that encounter, as a
matter of course. I am going to stick to this
argument. What I was saying was that the
question whether a proposition to amend the
Constitution must be submitted to the Presi-
dent for his approval is res ailjudicata adju-
dicated by the Supreme Court and adjudicated
by Congress ; and that is an end of that.
There is a provision of the Constitution
that is peculiar; it takes the subject of it
out of the course of ordinary legislation, and
