1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2957
is not the best, we can have a conference and
see where the point of difficulty is. _
Jlr. PRATT. On the suggestion of the
Senator from Vermont I withdraw ray amend-
ment, and move that the Senate disagree to
the amendment of the House of Representa-
tive VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on concurring, and the Senator desires the
Senate to non concur, which is the converse
0*The amendment of the House was non-con-
curred in.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the House of
Representatives be asked for a committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
The Vice President was, by unanimous con-
sent, authorized to appoint the conferees on
the part of the Senate; and Messrs. Pratt,
Edmonds, and Logan were appointed.
pktitions and memorials.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of
Mary Callahan, of Philadelphia, praying an
increase of pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. NYE. I ask permission of the Senate
to call up House bill No. 1030, forthe purpose
of having action upon it.
Mr. CORBETT. I shall have to object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon objects. It requires unanimous con-
sent at this stage of business. Petitions are
still in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
John Wood, Paul Selby, and others, citizens
of Illinois, praying the enactment of a law
granting to each State the proceeds of the sales
of public lands to the amount of thirty thou-
sand acres for each of its Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress, for the endowment
of one university in each State, whose leading
object shall be the higher education of women ;
which was referred to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Illinois, praying the extension of the patent
of William H. Akins and Jacob D. Felthousen,
for improvements in sewing-machines ; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Iowa, in relation to settlers on
swainp lands or lands claimed as such ; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Iowa, relative to the building of a
bridge across the Big Sioux river; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of
Albert F. Watson, praying that a pension be
allowed to two orphan children of Samuel L.
Carter; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying that the Consti-
tution may not be amended so as to permit a
foreign-born person to become President of
the United States; which was referred to the
Commi tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Virginia, recommending the
establishment of signal stations at Hatteras
and other points on the coast of Virginia and
Worth Carolina; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented two petitions of citizens
of Alexandria, Virginia, praying indemnity
for spoliations committed by the French prior
to tne year 1801; which were ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. IiELLY presented the petition of Mary
r. Sawtelle and others, members of the Wo-
men's Real Estate Association of New York
city, praying a donation of public lands in the
State of Oregon upon certain conditions; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of
William H. Campbell, praying indemnity for
spoliations committed by the French prior to
the year 1801 ; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented a petition of soldiers
and sailors, in favor of the passage of the
bill incorporating the National Union Sol-
diers' and Sailors' Orphan Industrial Training
School Association ; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. (CHANDLER presented a memorial of
manufacturers of picture-frame moldings, pray-
ing that the patent of Robert Marcher for a
hand-preparing machine may not be extended ;
which was referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the United States, praying that mustard seed
be placed on the free list; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
printing of a bill.
Mr. SPENCER. The day before yester-
day I introduced a bill (S. No. 1047) in re-
lation to the Orange, Alexandria and Manas-
sas railroad. I was not aware at that time
that bills were not printed without a special
order. I introduced the bill at request. I
move now that it be printed.
The motion to print was agreed to.
alaska indians.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 965) authorizing the Secretary of the
Interior to take jurisdiction over the people
of Alaska called Indians, and for other pur-
poses, have instructed me to report it back,
with an amendment; and I ask the Senate to
hear me make a statement, not exceeding three
minutes, and to act upon the bill now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which proposes to make it law-
ful for the Secretary of the Interior to have
the same jurisdiction over the people called
Indians inhabiting Alaska that he now has
over other tribes of American Indians, and that
he may refund for the henefitof the Indians of
Alaska such an amount of the funds already ap-
propriated " for Indian tribes not otherwise
provided for" as may be required to establish
schools, and other necessary purposes.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Indians Affairs was after the word '' Indi-
ans," in line six, to strike out the following
words:
And that he may refund for the benefit of said
Indians in Alaska such an amount of the funds
already appropriated " for Indian tribes not other-
wise provided for " as may be required to establish
schools, and other necessary purposes.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
And to expend for the benefit of said Indians of
Alaska such an amount of funds which are. or which
may be hereafter appropriated, for Indian tripes
not otherwise provided for, as he may judge proper,
to establish schools, to promote industry, and tor
other purposes necessary for their civilisation.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Previous to the ac-
quisition of Alaska we had a system of Indian
service which placed the American Indians
mainly under the charge of the Secretary of
the Interior, but it is hardly probable that he
can exercise the same jurisdiction over the
people called Indians in Alaska without some
new provision of law. This bill makes that
provision. It extends his authority or gives
him the same jurisdiction over that people
that he has now over the tribes of American
Indians. It still further authorizes him io
expend such an amount of funds already ap-
propriated to Indians '-not otherwise pro-
vided for," as he may think necessary, in order
to establish schools and promote their
ization. This appears to be necessary. The
character of these people called Indians is
somewhat different from the North American
Indians. They appear to be more intelligent
and more easily instructed. I have stated the
substance of the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I would suggest that the
committee strike out the words " Secretary
of the Interior" and insert "President of the
United States." There is no general law that
puts the Indians in charge of the Secretary of
the Interior except by special statute relating
to each particular tribe ; but the President
has the general supervision of the Indians,
and the Secretary is only a clerk to the Presi-
dent any way.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I have no objec-
tion to that change.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection that amendment will be made. This
amendment will be considered as agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I think the object of this bill
is a beneficent one and the bill ought to pass.
Those persons called Indians in" that newly
acquired part of the United States have been
very much negleoted under our Government,
much more so than under the Government of
Russia during the term of the sovereignty of
that empire in that country. I hope, there-
fore, the bill may become a law and that it
may be acted upon by our Government for
the relief of these people.
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to ask
the gentleman if the fur company which has
succeeded to the Russian fur company expend
anything in the way of educating the Aleuts
as the original Russian fur company did; or
do they wish to throw the support of these
Aleuts upon the Government of the United
States under this bill?
Mr. COLE. The Senatorfrom New Hamp-
shire knows fully as much about that as I do.
1 do not know what they are doing or whether
they are doing anything for the Aleuts or not.
I do not know how far the obligations on the
part of that company go toward the protection
of these Indians, it may be that the arrange-
ments maue with that company oblige them to
do something in this direction. I do not know
how that is. The Senator may be able to give
some information on that subject.
Mr. PATTERSON. I only know that the
present fur company succeeded to ail the
rights and jurisdiction of the original Russian
fur company iu these islands. The original
company had to educate the Aleuts on the
islands. 1 do not know that it is the fact, but
it looks to me a little as though this fur com-
pany intended to shirk that responsibility on
the part of the company and throw it on the
hands of the Government.
Mr. COLE. If there is any such purpose
about it I was not aware of it, 1 am sure, and
1 am certain, on the other hand, that there is
no such purpose, but that this bill is not a bill
at the request ot that company at all, but one
to which they would be very apt to object.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 think the company have
to take care of those people upon the islands
leased to them, but not those iu the other
portion of the territory. I think this bill
ought to pass.
The amendment reported by .the Committee
on Indian Affairs was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
courts IN wisconsin.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(II. R. No. 8.59) to change the time for holding
the circuit and district courts ot' the United
States for the western district of Wisconsin,
at La Crosse, have instructed me to report it
favorably ; and as this is a local bill and can
le.id to no possible debate or objection. I ask
the Senate to consider it at the present time.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered" as in Committee of the Whole. The bill
provides that the time of holding the circuit
