1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
am
a new issue of national bank notes would be
about $988,000.
3. But you will ask, who are to bear this large
expense ? I reply that the bill leaves this
matter where the present banking law leaves
it. Section forty-one of that law begins as
follows :
" Sec. 41. And be it further enacted, That the plates
and special dies to be procured by the Comptroller
of the Currency for the printing of such circulating
notes shall remain under his control and direction,
and the expenses necessarily incurred in executing
the provisions of this act respecting the procuring
of such notes, and all other expenses of the bureau,
shall be paid out of the proceeds of the taxes or
duties now or hereafter to be assessed on the circu-
lation, and collected from associations organized
under this act. And in lieu of all existing taxes,
every association shall pay to the Treasurer of the
United States, in the months of January and July,
a duty of one half of one per cent, each half year
from and after the 1st day of January, 1864, upon
the average amount of its notes in circulation, and
a duty of one quarter of one per cent, each half
year upon the average amount of its deposits, and
a duty of one quarter of one per cent, each half
year, as aforesaid, on the average amount of its cap-
ital stock beyond the amount invested in United
States bonds."
Here, then, is a tax of one per cent, per
annum upon the average circulation of the
banks; one half of one per cent, upon the
average amount of deposits, and one half of
one per cent, upon capital. Out of the moneys
so raised all the expenses for currency and
the Currency Bureau are to be paid. &. sep-
arate account has been kept in the Treasury
Department of the amount realized from the
one per cent, duty on circulation. Out of this
fund all expenses have thus far been paid, and
there is a large surplus on hand. The Comp-
troller of the Currency, in a note addressed
to our committee upon this subject, says:
" The entire amount realized from the tax on cir-
culation up to July 1,1871, as stated by the Treas-
urer of the United States, is §17,602,338 61; the
entire expenses of the bureau, of every description,
to July 1,1872, are S2.514.913 31."
There is thus a balance in thi3 fund alone
of more than fifteen millions, which is still
available for the expenses of the Currency
Bureau. Of this amount the expense pro-
posed by the present bill would absorb less than
$1,000,0)30. It is not necessary, nor do I
think it is equitable, to tax the banks further
in order to supply them with currency. The
Secretary of the Treasury states in his last
report that the income of the Government
from the tax upon the national banks, under
the section of the banking law which I have
read, is more than $G,000,000. The total col-
lections from banks and bankers under an-
other statute, as shown upon page 205 of the
report of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, is nearly $4,000,000. Of this amount,
I infer, from such information as I have been
able to obtain, that about $1,500,000 is de-
rived from dividends and other sources of rev-
enue connected with the national banks. This
sum added to the $6,000,000 reported by the
Secretary of the Treasury makes a, total of
$7,500,000 of revenue to the Government from
the national banks alone, during the year end-
ing June 30, 1871. This is just two and one
half per cent, on an average circulation of
$300,000,000. Now, the average State tax
imposed upon national banks is probably about
as much more. I know that in my congres-
sional district in Ohio the State tax is fully
equal to the national. It is safe to assume
that the national banks in Ohio are taxed five
per cent, per annum upon their circulation.
If the same rate on an average is maintained
throughout the country, it makes the total
annual contribution of our banking system,
for Government uses, $15,000,000. Nov/, I
will not undertake to speak for city banks.
Some gentlemen tell me that many of these
have been very prosperous; but I know some-
thing of the condition of the country banks,
and I am convinced that in their case taxa-
tion has nearly reached the full measure which
they can bear. Statements to this effect come
to me from upright and intelligent gentlemen
in my congressional district—gentlemen in
w,ho3e candor and sound judgment I have the
utmost confidence. I am willing to tax thij
banks as much as they can bear and still do
a fairly profitable business. I am not willing
to go further.
We should remember that the capital which
is invested in the national ba,nks is placed by
our laws in such relations to the Treasury
Department that bank officers cannot avoid—
ana I am glad to say that they generally show
no disposition to avoid—making a clear exhibit
of every dollar which is liable to taxation. The
burden of taxation falls squarely upon the banks
with its full weight. Do we not owe them some
consideration on that account?
I will mention one or two other considera-
tions which, it seems to me, may fairly have
some weight with us in voting upon this bill.
The first is that the Government derives an
annual revenue of considerable amount from
the loss and destruction of national bank bills.
Every bank is required to deposit In the Treas-
ury United States bonds aa security for its cir-
culation. When a bank goes into liquidation
these bonds are withdrawn, and an amount of
legal-tender notes equal to its whole circula-
tion is deposited in the Treasury for the re-
demption of that circulation. Experience has
shown that in these cases a certain percentage
of notes has been lost or destroyed and can
never be presented for redemption. To the
full extent of the amount of these the Gov-
ernment finds itself the richer. Banks are
frequently going into liquidation, and the profit
derived from this source in ten years would
probably not be less than two million dollars.
Another consideration: we shall probably
reduce taxation upon other interests during
the present session of Congress forty or fifty
million dollars. The banks have not even asked
to share in this relief from heavy duties, but
may they not reasonably ask, in this time of
general reduction, that their burdens shall at
least not be increased ?
Mr. Speaker, I have no doubt that our bank-
ing system has defects, and these as they are
discovered I shall be glad to unite with other
gentlemen in amending. I will go as for as any
man in protecting the people by legislation from
loss as depositors or holders of bank currency.
I wish to hold bank officers to a strict account-
ability, and to punish promptly any breach of
trust. But I am one of those who believe
that our national banking system has been on
the whole a success. I believe that the inter-
ests of the people demand its continuance,
and hence I wish, to perfect and improve, but
not to destroy it.
Treasury Department,
Office of the Secretary, February 13,1872.
Sir: Iinclose estimates made by the chief of the
Bureau of Engraving and Printing, of the expenses
of a new issue of national bank notes.
One of the estimates is upon the basis of threo
printings on each note, and the other of two.
Mr. McCartee will appear before the committee
this morning, agreeably to your request, and will
explain the estimates more fully.
Very respectfully,
GEO. S. B0UTWELL. Secretary.
Hon. Samuel Hooper, Chairman Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency, House of ICepreeentatwes,
Cost of reprinting the national bank notes, 6,100,000
sheets of special (iocalizod fiber) paper, eighteon
pounds per thousand sheets, at seventy-six cents
per pound  $83,448
12,000,001) impressions back-printing by the
bank-note companies of New York, at
twenty-two dollars per thousand sheets... 264,000
Expressage on $300,000,000, partially printed
notes, at twenty cents per thousand dol-
lais  60,000
407,443
Face-printing 12,000,000 impressions at
$17 25   207,000
Surface-printing 12,000,000 impressions, at
seventy-five cents per thousand  9,000
Numbering, trimming, and pressing 12,000,-
000, at $4 75 per thousand  57,000
Counting and examining 12,000,000 impres-
sions when reoeived from New York bank-
note companies  <3,000
6,000 face-plates, at fifty dollars each  300,000
Total  $986,448
Cost of reprinting thftnational b?nk nates, 6,100,(p)
sheets of special (localized fiber) 'paper, eighteen
pounds per thousand sheets,'at seventy-sii cents
per pound  $S3,44S
2,000,000 impressions, back and tint-prmt-
ing, by bank-note companies of New
York, at forty-two dollars per thousand, 504,000
Expressago on ' $300,000,000, partially
printed notes, at twenty cents por thou-
sand dollars  QQ.WW
647,448
Bace-pranting 12,000,000 impressions, at
$17 25 per thousand   207,000
Surface-printing 12,000,000 impressions, at
seventy-five cents per thousand  9,000
Numbering, trimming, and pressing
12,000,000, at Si 75 por thousand  57,000
Counting and examining 12,000,000 impres-
sions when received from New York
bank-note companies, at fifty cents  6,009
6,000 face-plates, at fifty cents  300,000
Total ...fl.22^,448
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the fallowing
amendment which I propose to offer tp, the
bill now under discussion may be printed,:
Add to the bill the following:
The expense of which shall be paid by said na-
tional banking associations in proportion to the cir-
culation, at such time and in such manner as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe, without
reference to the tax now imposed on said banking
association; but no part thereof shall be paid out
of the Treasury of the United States;
0?.DER or BUSINESS.
Mr. SWANN. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole for the purpose of
resuming the consideration of the consular
and diplomatic appropriation bill.
JAMES AND OHIO EIVJ5RS.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
presented papers relating to -the bill (H. R.
No. 902) to complete a water highway from
tide-water on the James river to the Ohio
river, at the mouth of the Kanawha; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
SHOALS OF SOLOMON'S LUHF.
Mr. HAMBLETON, by unanimous consent,
submitted thefoliowing resolution; which v?as
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury bo
directed to report to this House upon the necessity
and expodioney of establishing a light to mark the
shoals known as " S9lomon's Lump," in Kedge's
straits, between Tangier sound and Chesapeake bay.
JOHN C. CHAMBERLAIN.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in relation to John C.
Chamberlain, late a lieutenant of company A,
twelfth Kentucky cavalry; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
FORI COLLINS RESERVATION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication in re-
lation to the Fort Collins reservation; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
TEAMSTERS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, in relation to the status
of teamsters in the quartermaster's employ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
OSAGE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting an
estimate of an appropriation for the settle-
ment, subsistence, and support of the Osage
Indians; which was referred totbe Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
POTTAWATOMIE INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, relative to an
appropriation in favor of the Pottawatomie
