270
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
here is the highest proof that it is taken out
of the course of ordinary legislation—the fact
that the signature and approval of the Pres-
ident is not required. There is the very high-
est proof that it is taken out of the course of
ordinary legislation. A two-thirds majority is
required in the first place, and the signature
of the President is not required. That takes
it out of the ordinary course of legislation.
Now, although the language is not exactly the
same, yet it is so nearly the same that there
is not a shadow of difference in the meaning
between the language in the section of the
Constitution providing for amendments and the
fourteenth article of amendment, which pro-
vides for the removal of these disabilities.
They are entirely equivalent phrases, and an
equivalent vote is required in each case—two
thirds—so that there is precisely the same
reason for holding that the assent of the Presi-
dent is not necessary to a bill removing disabil-
ities that there is to the argument that it is not
necessary in respect to a proposition to amend
the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. POMERO Y. Does the Senatorsay that
if this bill passes it does not go to the Presi-
dent?
Mr. THURMAN. I say it need not; but I
do not want to take up time with that.
Mr. POMEIiOY. It must go to the Pres-
ident : there is no doubt about that.
Mr. THURMAN. I say it need not, and I
say he has 110 power over it to veto it. But
I do not care how that matter is; as I said
before, that does not determine this question. I
think, however, that the very same reason
which has settled the question that a resolu-
tion to amend the Constitution doe3 not go to
the President settles the question that this bill
does not; but I do not want to take up time
with that point.
I come back to my proposition ; and I must
restate it, because these interruptions have
diverted the attention of Senators. If there
were aroleof the Senate requiring that amend-
ments should be germane to the bill to which
they were offered it would be admitted at once
that the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts was not in order. Now, mv argu-
ment is, that the Constitution makes the rule
that the amendment must be germane to the
bill in the two cases: first, in the ease of a
proposition to amend the Constitution of the
United States, and secondly, in regard to a dis-
ability bill under the fourteenth amendment.
1 do not controvert any principle of parlia-
mentary law, but I say your Constitution,
which is the hignest lav.-, requires, by any fair
interpretation and construction of it, that an
a mendment to this bill shall be germane to the
bid: and therefore it is no use to quote par-
liamentary law.
Now, Mr. President, let me put a question,
and see if that is not the sound sense of the
thing. Suppose the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts were adopted and
tnis bill should pass by a majority vote butless
than two thirds, and should go to the Presi-
dent of ti>e United States and be approved by
him, would it be a lav.' / And if so, how much
of it would be a law? Manifestly, the disability
part of it would not be a law, because it would
not have received t.vo thirds: but who shall
say that the rest of it, that, which required only
h majority vote, would not, be a law, having
received a majority of both branches of Con-
gress and the signature of the President of the
United States ? Does not this show how com-
pletely absurd it would he to admit, an amend-
ment of this kind,_ when if you passed it and
sent it to the President the amendment might
become a law by his signature while the corpus
of the bill upon which it was ingrafted could
not be a law becauseit had not receiveda two-
thirds vote in Congress?
Mr. CONKLING. Will my friend allow
mo ?
Mr. THURMAN. I would prefer to go oil.
Mr. CONKLING. I am really asking in-
formation, and I wish to be brief'. I ask now,
as testing this question, the Senator's attention
to this provision of the Constitution :
" No title of nobility shall be granted by tlie Uni-
ted States; and no person holding any office of profi t
or trust under them, shall, without the consent of
the Congress, accept of any present, emolument,
office, or title, of any kind whatever, from any kins,
prince, or foreign State."
I ask the Senator whether that provision of
the Constitution does not demand a law, an
act of Congress, and if it does, I ask him to
distinguish between that case and this.
Mr. THURMAN. I am going to answer
what is the law presently. You cannot pass a
resolution to adjourn that is not a law.
Mr. CONKLING. But my honorable friend
does not understand my question, or else he
does not choose to answer it.
Mr. THURMAN. I do choose to answer it;
but I prefer to take my own time.
Mr. CONKLING. My question is, whether
that provision of the Constitution implies that
Congress by a law—and thereby I mean an act
that is signed by the President—is to give its
consent; because I have right here in the
statutes, I will say to the Senator, the form in
which thatalways has been done by act of Con-
gress signed by the President.
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator is determ-
ined that I shall not answer in my own time.
I shall answer that whole question when I come
to reply to the proposition of the Senator from
Vermont, I have got it down orderly on my
brief, and I beg my friend to allow me to fol-
low it.
I have given my first answer in regard to the
parliamentary law, that the Constitution makes
the parliamentary law here, and requires with
more strength than any mere rule of the Senate
could do that the amendment shall be germane
to the bill. It is not necessary for me to gain-
say the proposition put by the Senator from
Vermont byway of illustration, namely, could
you not move to strike out all of this bill after
the words "Be it enacted," and insert a bill
upon any other subject? I admit, very frankly,
that you could. Why so? Because then you
strike out all the bill: and if you strike out
all the bill and insert another biil of ordinary
legislation, there is no trouble about it.
Mr. EDMUN DS. Then, may I ask my friend
a question right there?
Mr. THURMAN. I have no objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If that be so, on the theory
of my friend from Ohio, I should like to ask
him what place the second section already in
this bill, that he is so anxious to pass, has
there?
Mr. THURMAN. I am going to answer
about that second section. I have that on my
brief: but "sufficient unto the day is the evil
thereof."
Mr. EDMUNDS. It must all be to-day :
let us take it now.
Mr. THURMAN. I know it must be to-
day, because we begin to vote at four o'clock.
Yoa may strike out the whole biil after the
enacting clause, I think, and insert an appro-
priation bill, if you see fit to do so; but you
cannot leave it a disability bill and pat on to
it a piece of ordinary legislation. You shall
not mend old garments with new cloth, nor put
new wine into old bottles.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is done every day.
[Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. That shall not be done.
Sufficient, then, for that. Now I come to the
question put by my friend from Vermont; and
1 shall answer my friend from New York m
answering that.
The Senator from Vermont asks will not
this bill be a law if it passes. Certainly it
will be a law if it passes. What is a law?
We all know who can remember back to our
student days how much we were puzzled with
the definition of law by Blackstone, who lays
it down that municipal law is a rule of action
prescribed by the supreme power in a State,
commanding what is right and prohibiting
what is wrong. How much that lias been
criticised, and how it has been shown that it
is entirely too narrow a definition of law. I
say with regard to law that law is every pre-
scription which the supreme power of a State
constitutionally makes whatever it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you claim that a
proposal to amend the Constitution before it
is agreed to by the Statin, is a law ?
Mr. THURMAN. I do, and I am going to
show it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Supreme Court say
exactly the opposite.
Mr. THURMAN. No. they do riot say any
such thing. They say it is not ordinary legis-
lation, and so say I; but I going to come to
that very point, and I may as well come to it
at once.
What is a proposition to amend the Consti-
tution of the United States if it is not a law?
Let us see what the Constitution says:
"The Congress, whenever two thirds of both
Houses shall deerait necessary, shall propose amend-
ments to this Constitution"—
And then is the provision that the States
may propose amendments—
"which, in either case, shall he valid to all intents
and purposes, as part of this Constitution, when rati-
fied by the Legislatures of three fourths of the sev-
eral States," Arc.
Now, I put it to the Senator from Vermont,
if a proposition to amend the Constitution is
not a law, what right has any State Legisla-
ture to vote upon it at all? What is it but a
law that submits it to the State Legislature to
vote for or against that amendment? It is a
law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do you want me to
answer that?
Mr. THURMAN. Not now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You said you submitted
it to me, ami I thought you wished an answer.
Mr. THURMAN. Every rule, every order
we make constitutionally, is a law. If this
Senate adjourns, it is a law, and every court,
would be bound to notice that the Senate had
adjourned. If you pass a resolution to pay--'
your pages, although it is a resolution of the
Senate alone, it is a law, and they could have
a mandamus to enforce their payment if the
disbursing officer refused to pay.
Mr. CONKLING. When the Senate meets,
is that a law too?
Mr. THURMAN. When the Senate meets,
it is a law. The Senatordoes not ask me such
a question as that in earnest. Every order we
make is a law ; but, it is not ordinary legisla-
tion. I wish some one to point out the dis-
tinction between what is law and what is not
law. Law is a thing which is to be obeyed,
is it not ? Law is a rule prescribed by the su-
preme power in the Stat'1, or by some power
in the State that has the authority constitu-
tionally to prescribe it, and which the citizen
must obey.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Must a proposal to
amend the Constitution, that is submitted to
the States, be obeyed ? Are they obliged to
ratify it?
Mr. THURMAN. That does not alter the
case at all. A law, I say, is that which must
be obeyed; but that is only a limited defini-
tion of it. A law is that which also enables a
thing to be done which otherwise could not
be dorse. No State Legislature could ratify
a proposed amendment to the Constitution
unless Congress had proposed it, except
where it had been proposed bv a convention
according to the other provision in the Con-
stitution. The proposition that enables a
State Legislature to act upon it is the law of
its authority, it would have no authority
unless it were a law. So that it proves noth-
ing to say that this is a law. That is true ;
but it is not ordinary legislation ; and that is
ail that the Supreme Court of the United
