1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
219
42d Cong....2d Sess.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Logan.
Senate.
trial of criminal, penal, or civil casesin the cireuit
court unless he be a free white citizen, at. least
twenty-one years of age, a house-keeper, likewise
sober, temperate, discreet, and of good demeanor."
And the jury commissioned are sworn—
" That they will not knowingly select any man as
a jurvman whom they believe to be unfit and not
qualified."
Now, did my State have the right to make
this qualification for her jurymen"? If she had
the right to say that they should be twenty-one
years of age, and housekeepers, and that they
should be sober atui discreet, and of good
demeanor, she had the right to say that they
should i>e white. If it is a citizen's right to
be a juryman, surely a man does not lose his
rigtit by not being a housekeeper or by being
indiscreet, intemperale, and not of good de-
meanor. 'lhen, if my Stale had the right to
make these qualifications for her jurymen and
compel her officers to swear to observe those
qualihcations in the selection of them, how
can Congress repeal or modify or amend that
law or in any way change the qualification as
prescribed by the State? The Federal Gov-
ernment can prescribe the qualification of jury-
men in her own courts, and whatever may
be said of the policy of admitting negroes as
jurors in those courts, the right and power
of Congress to do it is not denied ; but when
we attempt to exercise that power in State
courts we interfere where we have no authority.
The fifth section of this bill is short, but
more comprehensive than all else that is in it,
and is as follows:
That cverv discrimination against any citizen
on account of color, by the useof the word "white"
in any law, statute, ordinance, or regulation, is
hereby repealed and annulled.
In this is asserted the power of Congress
to repeal State laws, municipal ordinances,
and corporate regulations, and takes from
States the power to prescribe the qualifica-
tions of their own officers, and makes the
negro eligible to all State offices, and I pre-
sume is intended, and will have the effect, to
repeal the statutes in force in all the States
pre\enting the intermarriage of whiles and
blacks. Except as to the penalties provided
In the, previous sections of the bill, this will
cover all that is embraced in them. Its scope
and intent is to establish perfect equaliiy,
legal and social. No distinction of race is to
be toleraied. The African is not elevated, but
the Anglo-Saxon is brought down to the same
level with him.
The same arguments used against the other
sections of the bill apply with equal force to
this, and I have not the time allotted me to
elaborate the argument furfhtr. A suffi-
cient answer to it is that we cannot find in the
Constitution the power to take from the State
the right to prescribe the eligibility and quali-
fication of its officers or from making just dis-
criminations among its own citizens whenever
it is found wise and proper to do so for the
benefit of all its people, and I simply protest
against this inequity 111 the name ot my race
and in the name of the white people whom I
represent.
The amendments to the Constitution have
gone to the full extent of giving to the negro
political rights. His freedom and citizenship,
rights of properly and protection, and right
ot franchise are recognized in all the States;
and now it is intended to give him social rights
enforced by law, and to secure this the liberty
of the white man is made subservient^ to it.
Sir, equality is one thing and liberty is an-
other. The right of a citizen to associate
exclusively wiih those who are congenial to
him, and whom he recognizes as his peers, is
an individual liberty, and no Government can
prostrate it to his interiors under the specious
pretext of" equality before the law."
Mr. Speaker, the equality contemplated by
thi3 bill is personally as distasteful to gentle-
men on the other side of the House as it is to
us. There is, however, this difference: the
most of them live in States where there are
but few negroes, and if their constituents are
not affected by the law they do not care for
ours who are : and others on that side hold
their seats here by negro votes and dare not
take the responsibility to vote against this
bill, while the entire party seek to secure the
five hundred thousand negro votes in the
coming presidential election. But for those
votes the Democratic party would triumph in
that contest. But this measure is not neces-
sary to secure that vote to the Republican
party. They have had and will continue to
have a monopoly of it. For myself, I do
not care that they should have it. I was
opposed to their enfranchisement., and do not
believe it was legally accomplished, and have
so voted in this House. Nor did I solicit
their votes when I was a candidate, for the
seat I now occupy.
The Republican party have gone to the full
extent of giving all political rights to the
negro, and it seems to me it might rest upon
what has been accomplished in that regard
and with propriety claim their votes. When
that party was organized it was simply upon
the platform of opposition to slavery in the
Territories, and with a protest that it would
not interfere with the institution in the States,
but when they got power they not only abol-
ished slavery in the States, but gave political
rights to the negro which they took away from
the master, and accomplished it, too, by the
sacrifice of hundreds of thousands of lives
and thousands of millions of dollars. This
would seem to be enough for this generation,
and the social position of the negro should be
determined by time and public opinion, and
the rights of the white man not further violated
by forcing on him and his wife and children an
association with a race of people whom God
has made their inferior.
of November, 1870, the day prescribed by law,
the two houses of the Legislature of North
Carolina proceeded to the election of a Sen-
ator from that State for the term of six years,
commencing on the 4th day of March, 1871,
with the following results:
In the house of representatives: Votes.
Zebulon 13. Vance received 63
Joseph C. Abbott received 32
Scattering  10
Members present 105
J. C. Abbott's Claim to a Seat in-tbe Sen-
ate from North Carolina.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN A. LOGAN,
op illinois,
In the Senate op the United States,
April 11, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the reso-
lution reported by the Committee on Privileges and
Elections, relative to the claim of Joseph C. Abbott
to a seat in the Senate, from the State of North
Carolina—
Mr. LOGAN said:
Mr. President : In the discussion of a ques-
tion of this importance, which is entirely a
question of law, it might have been better that
some one more able than myself should have
the management of the case. It is one of
great magnitude, and one that will make a
precedent for this body in the future. In decid-
ing this question the Senate will act in the
capacity of judges on the questions of law and
fact that arise. The Senate is made by the
Constitution of the United States the judge of
the election returns and qualifications of its
own members ; and so is the House of Repre-
sentatives as to the members of that body.
Were it not that the very statement of this
case itself is sufficient to satisfy a body
coolly deliberating as to the right of parties
that Mr. Abbott, who claims this seat, is not
entitled to it, I should feel my inability to pre-
sent the case in its proper light.
'The case as it appeared before the commit-
tee may be stated in a few words. There is
no division so far as the facts are concerned.
The committee agree upon all the various
{joints except the legal question. The facts
are as follows: that on the second Tuesday
In the senate: Votes.
Zebulon B. Vance received 32
Joseph C. Abbott received 11
Scattering    5
Members present 48
The aggregate number of votes cast in the
two houses were 153.
It will be seen by this statement that Mr.
Abbott, who claims the seat in the Senate,
received 43 votes out of 153. He received in
the house of representatives of North Carolina
32 votes, and in the senate of that State 11
votes. This election took place under the act
of Congress prescribing the mode and manner
of electing Senators, under that portion of
the act which prescribes the proceeding where
the two houses vote separately, and are then
to meet on the next day (or the purpose of de-
claring the result of the vote.
It will be seen by this statement that Mri
Abbott received in the senate less than one
fourth of the votes cast, and iu the house
less than one third of the votes cast. He
claims, then, his election without having re-
ceived one third of the votes in the house of
representatives, and without having received
one fourth of the votes cast in the senate,
and not having received in the senate a ma-
jority of a quorum of that body. The con-
stitution of the State of Morth Carolina pro-
vides that a majority of the members of each
house shall be a quorum to do business, and
that no business can be transacted without
a quorum being present. The case is to be
considered, then, under the first head of the
act of Congress, and in accordance with the
laws of the State of North Carolina. We
are to be governed by the law of North Caro-
lina regulating the quorum and place of' hold-
ing election, and in all other respects by the
statute of the United States.
The manner of the election is prescribed by
the act of Congress of 1866; that the number
of voters present iu both houses were sufficient
to constitute a quorum is conceded by all of
the committee, and that the election was held
under the law according to its prescribed form.
The committee agree that the number of votes
cast iu both houses on the day mentioned by law
are as I have stated ; that the two houses met
the second day as prescribed in the statute,
and declared Mr. Vance elected to the United
States Senate; also, that under the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States, Mr. Vance is not eligible to a seat in
the Senate of the United States. Mr. Abbott,
however, claims a right to a seat in the Senate
of the United States upon this theory : that
Mr. Vance being ineligible to a seat in the
Senate by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution, that all the votes cast for Mr.
Vancc were uullities, and the only votes capa-
ble of being counted that were cast in that
electron are the minority votes that were cast
for him, (Mr. Abbott.) Theassumption by Mr.
Abbott that these votes are nullities is based
upon a number of decisions in the English
courts, without having regard to the act of
Congress under which this election was held.
And the point he suggests is I hat the Legis-
lature of North Caiolina, having knowledge
of the fact that, by the existence of the Con-
stitution disqualifying Vance, they voted for
him (Vance) iu violation of Jaw, obstinately,
