1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8855
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The point
of order is overruled.
Mr. PETERS, Mr. BEATTY, and Mr.
McKEE called for the yeas and naya on the
moiion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise now to make a
moiion to suspend the rules and pass the
pending bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will recognize the gentleman from Indiana to
make that motion as soon as the House shall
have agreed to dispense with further proceed-
ings under the call, on which question the
yeas and nays have been ordered, and as soon
as the House shall have refused to adjourn on
the motion of the gentleman from Mississippi,
upon which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry, and it is this: is it not in order to
move to suspend the rule to which the Chair
refers as well as the other rules?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will be in
order the moment the House passes from this
proceeding into its regular stale.
Mr. HOLMAN. Cannot that rule be sus-
pended which brought the House inte its
present condition?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
would have supposed so, but he is informed
by gentlemen around him, of more experi-
ence, that it cannot.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. You can-
not suspend the Constitution, which gives the
right to call the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon Mr. McKek's
motion ; and it was decidod in the negative
yeas 44, nays 79, not voting 117 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Banks, Beatty, Bingham, Austin
Blair, Bulimturi, Burchard, Coburn, Cotton, Cross-
land, Dox, Eames, Wilder I). l'oster, Garlield,
Goodrich, lialsey, Ha.wlej .Xlay, Gerry W. llasieUun,
llibbard, iiuar, Lamport, Lowe, Moh.ee, Mi'iruim,
Morg.iu, Orr, Packard, Packer, Peter.s, Poland,
Kamey. Kllis 11. Huberts, William it. Huberts,
itoosc\ elt, £3a.w>ei, tUicliabargcr, John A.  Smilh,
Starkweathei, hi. John, Thomas, Wahlron, Wili&rd,
Williams ol Indiana, and Joioniiah M. Wilson 44.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Bainuui, Bany,
Beck, Bell, Bigby, Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton,
JBnffhl, Buckley, Burdett, Benjamin P. Butler. Rode-
rick R. Butlei, Caldwell, Campbell, Coglilan, Oomm-
go, Oonger, Odimei, Crebs, Mickey, Duke, Bunnell,
Pink«lnburK,Ciiarlc8 Paster, llenry JD. Poster, Gai-
rett, Getz, Giddmgs, Uolladay, Iialdeinan, Hambio-
ton, Hancock, llandley, Harper, <ieor«e ii/. Hams,
JohnT. Harris, Havens, Hereiord, Holraan, King,
Lamison, Leach, Manson, MoOleiland, MoCormick,
McGrew, Melleary, Mclntyre, Benjamin K Meyers,
Moore, JSii.>laok,lIos5e<i W. Parker, Isaac C. ParJier.
EliPcrry, Price, Randall, Read, Robinson, Siou JJ.
Rogerh, Sessions, Shanks, Bhoemaker, Sl.'icr. II.
Boardmau Smith, R. Milton iSpeer, Talle, xuio,
Washington Xownsend, Turnei, Twichell, Wn'is,
Wells, Whiuhome, Williams of New York, and
Young—79. , , , ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Aiablui, Aliu s,
Arthur, Avenll, Barber, Beveridse, Bi|?«s. Polos,
Brooks, Carroll, Clarke, Cobb, Cox, Creeiy.OiiUhcr,
Crocker, Barrall, Davis, Dawes, Da Laige. Doiuum,
Du JBose, Duell.Eldredge, Eihott,Ely, Parnswuiill,
Parwell, Porker, Prye, Griffith, Hale, Hanks, li.ir-
iner. Hays, John W. Hazeiton, ilerndon,
Hooper, liouglitori, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall, Kerr,
Ketcham, Killinger, Kmsella, Lansing, Lewis,
Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, McCrary, McJankm,
McKmney, McNeely, Mereur, Meriick, Mitchell,
Monroe, Morey, Morphis, Leonaid Myors, Ivegley,
Palmer. Puck, Pendleton, Puree, Aaron 1!. Perry,
Piatt, Porter, Potter. Prindle, Edward< Y. Rice,
John M. Rice, Ritchie, John Rogers, Rusk, Sar-
gent, Scofleld, ^eetey, Sheldon,.Sherwood, Shober.
Slocuin, Sloss, Woitiiiuglou 0 Smith, Snapp, S y-
der, Thomas J. b|ieer, Siirague; Stevens, Stoven-
son, Storm, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong, teuther-
laiid. Swann, Svplier, Dwight 'iownsend, iuthiU,
Tyner, Upson, van Trumt), Vaugtian, Voorhees,
Waddell, Wakeman, Walden, Wallace, Warren,
Wheeler, Wlnteley, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
and Wood—117.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs upon the motion to dispense with
all further proceedings under the call, on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. H1BBARD. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will hear th  gentleman.
Mr. HIBBARD. As the yeas and nays
about to be called are to be taken under the
rules, would not the motion of the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] to suspend the
rules dispense with that call of the yeas and
nays ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion
to suspend the rules has not been entertained
by the Chair, and will not be pending until
further proceedings under the call have been
dispensed with. A motion for that purpose is
now pending, and the yeas and nays have been
ordered upon it. The Clerk will proceed to
call the roll.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas-105, nays 7, not voting 128; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker. Archer. Banks,Bock, Bell,
Bingham,Bird, Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Brax-
ton. ilerefoid. Hihbard, Hoar, Hobnail, lying, Lara
ison. Leach. Lowe, Manson, McClelland. MeGiew,
M'-Henry, Mclntyre, Merriam, Benjamm P. Meyers,
Niblack, Packard, Packer, llosea W. Parker, Isaac
C. Parker, Eli Perry, Peters, Potter, Price, Randall,
Read, Ellis 11. Roberts, Robinson, Sion II. lingers,
Roosevelt, Sawyer, Sessions, Shcllabareer, Shoe-
maker, Slatei, 11. Boardinan Smith. John A. Smith,
R. Milton Speer, Staikweather. St,. John, Swann,
Terry, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turnor,
Twichell, Wa!dron. Wallace. Wells, Williams of
Indiana, Williams of Now York, and Voting—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Bany, Beatty, Bigby, Roderick It.
Butler, Moore, TatTe, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—7.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Arthur. A vorill, Barber, Barnum, Bevendge, Biggs,
Boies, Biooks, Burchard, Campbell, Clarke, Cobb,
Cox, Creelv, Crocker, Darrall. Davis, Dawes,
De Large, Du Bose, Duell, Kldredge, Elliott, Ely,
Farnsworth, Far well, Porker, Fryc. Goodrich, Grif-
fith, Hale, llanks, llarmer. Hays, John W. Haaellon,
Ilerndon, Hill, Hooper, Houghton. Kollev. Kel-
logg, Kendall. Kerr. Ketehun. Killinger, Kinsclla,
Lamport, Lansing, Lewis, Lynch, Marshall, May-
nard, MeCormick, AicCr.ire, MeJunkui, MeKee,
McKinnev. McNeely, Mereur, Merrick, Mitchell,
Monroe, Morey, Morgan, Moiphm, Leim.ud Myers,
Negley. Orr. Palmer, Peek, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron
P. Peirj, l'l.itt, Poland, Portei. l'rindle, ltainey,
Edward Y. Rice. John M. lliee, ltiiciue, William
R. Hobcils, John Rogers, ltusk, Sargent, Scolield,
Seeley. Shanks, Sheldon. Sherwood, Shober, Slocum,
Sloss.'Woithington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas
J. Speor, Sill-ague, Sievens, Stevenson, Storm,
Stoughton, Stowell, Strong, Sutherland, Syplier,
Dwight Xownseud, .Tnthul, TYner, Upson, Van
Trump, Vaugnan, Voorhees, Waddell, Wakeman,
Waldon, Walls, VVarren, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whit-
thorne, Willard, John 'J'. Wilson, Winchester, and
Wood—128.
So the motion to dispense with further pro-
ceedings under the call of the House was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Further
proceedings under the call having been dis-
pensed with, the Chair will direct the doors
of the Hall to be opened.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order
of business
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The regular
Older being called for, the House now resumes
the consideration of the bill reported from the
Committee of Claims (S. No. 5G9) for the re-
lief of Thomas B. Wallace, of Lexington,
Missouri, which has been ordered to a third
reading.
The bill was read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr.' GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would sug-
gest that we had better now adjourn.
Mr. IIOLMAN and others. Oh, no.
Mr. PETERS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of this bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and there
were—yeas 93, nays 26, not voting 121; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker. Archer, Barnum, Barry,
Beek, Bell, Bigby, Bird, James S. Blair, Braxton,
Bright, Buckley, BuUinton, Burdett, Roderick R.
Butler, Campbell, Carroll, Comingo, Conner, Crebs,
Cntcber, Crossland, Darrall, Dickey, Dox, Duke,
Dunnell, Finkelnburg, Charles Poster, Henry D. l'os-
ter, "Wilder IX Foster, Prye, Garrett, Getz, Giddings,
Golladay. Ualdetnan. Hambleton, Hancock, Hand-
ley, llanki. Harper, George £. Harris, John T. Har-
ris, Havens Hay, Hereford, Hibbard.Holman, King,
Lamison; Lamport, Leaeh, Lowe. Manson, McOlei-
land, McCormick, MoGrew, McIIenry, Mclntyre,
Benjamin P. Meyers, Moore, Morey, Niblack,
Isaac C. Parkor, Perce, Eli Perry, Potter, Price,
Prindle. Randall, Read. William R.Roberts, Robin-
son, S*on H. Roeers, Roosevelt, Sessions, Slater,
II. Boardtmm Smith, 11. Milton Speer, St. John,
Swatm, Tafl'e, Terry, Thomas, Washington Town-
send, Twichell. Wallace, Wells, Whitthorne, Wil-
liams ot Indiana, Williams of New York, and
Young—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Banks, Burchard, Coburn, Con-
ger, Donnan, Garfield. Ilalsey, Gerry W. Hazelton,
Hoar, MnCrary, McKee, Merriam, Orr, Packard,
Packer. Ellis 11. Roberts, Rusk, Shanks, Sliella-
barger, Shoemaker, John A. Smith, Worthington
C. Smith, Starkweather, Waldron, Walls, and Jere-
miah M. Wilson—26.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Ambler, Ames,
Arthur, Averill, Barber, Beatty, Beveridge, Biggs,
Bingham, Austin Blair, Boles, Brooks, Benjamin
P. Butler, Caldwell, Clarke, Cobb, Coghlan, Cotton,
Cox, Creoly, Crocker, Davis. Dawes, De Large,
Du Bose, Duell, Eames, Eldredge, Elliott, Ely,
Farnsworth, Farwell, Porker, Goodrich, Griffith,
Hale. Llarmer, Hawley, Hays, John W. Hnzelton,
Ilerndon, Hill, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg,
Kendall, Kerr, Ketcham, Killinger, Kinsella, Lan-
sing, Lewis, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, MeJunkin,
McKinney, McNeely, Mereur, Merrick, Mitchell,
Monroe, Morgan, Moiplus, Leonard Myers, Neffley,
Palmer, llosea W. Parker, Peck, Pendleton. Aaron
F. Perry, Peters. Piatt, Poland, Porter,_ Rainey,
Edward Y. Rico, John M. Rice, Ritchie, John
Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofleld, Seeley, Sheldon,
Sherwood. Shobor, Slocum, Sloss, Snapp. Snyder,
Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stoim, Stoughton, Stowell. Strong, Sutherland,
SypUcr, Dwight Townsend. Turner, Tuthill, Tyner,
Upson. Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell,
Wakeman, Waldon, Warren, Wheeler, White-
ley, Willard, John T. Wilson, Winchester, and
Wood—121.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. STARKWEATHER. My colleague,
Mr. Stkong, is absent on account of indis-
position.
Mr. HANKS. The gentleman from West
Virginia, Mr. Davis, i3 absent by reason of
severe illness.
Mr. PACKARD. My colleague, Mr. Tyner,
is absent on account of sickness. If he were
present he would vote " no."
Mr. GAliFIELD, of Ohio. My colleague,
Mr. Monkoe, is greatly afflicted with sore
throat, or he would be here. He can hardly
be out in the evening at all.
The SPBAKERpro tempore, (at the close
of the roll-call.) On the question of the pas-
sage of the bill there are—ayes 93, noes 2G ; no
quorum voting.
Mr. MOORE. I move a call of the House
Mr. BECK. I offer the resolution which i
send to the desk.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from Kentucky offer this resolution
as a substitute for the motion of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Moore?]
Mr. BECK. Yes, sir.
The SPJiAKERpro tempore. Itwiliberead.
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a parliamentary in-
quiry. Suppose the House should now adjourn,
would it not be its duty on reassembling to
complete the vote by yeas and nays?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the House
should now adjourn, all proceedings with
reference to the call would fall. The gentle-
man from Kentucky sends to the desk a sub'
stitute for the motion of the gentleman from
Illinois, it will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Jiesohed, That there be a call of the House, and
that fill rules b« so pu^pended that no dilatory mo-
i lions shall bo ontertsuned. and nothing shall bo in
I order except the call of members until after pro-
' ceedings have been so far completed us to direct
the Sergeant-at-Arm8 to arrest all members absent
without leave of the House and bring them beiore
the bar of the House.
Mr. MOORE. I accept that as a modifi-
cation of mv motion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am com-
pelled to raise a point of order on the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Kentucky. In the
jl absence of a quotum we cannot proceed to
' suspend the rules of the House.
