272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
placed under the same words, " the Congress
shall have powerand yet nobody supposes
that from that provision Congress can act
without the approval of the President.
Then again, the Senator from New York has
called attention to a provision entirely similar
in character, as follows:
" No person holding any office of profit or trust
under them"
The United States—
" shall without the consent of Congress, accept of
any pic^ent, emolument, office, or title of any kind
whatever, from any king, prince, or foreign State."
I suppose that I myself have drawn and
introduced into this Chamber somewhere from
twenty to forty bills under this very provis-
ion, which have been passed, and afterward ap-
proved by the President. Now. if in the pres-
ent ease what we do need not be approved by
the President, as is argued, then in this other
case the action of Congress does not need the
approval of the President. But notoriously
all such legislation has had the approval of the
President.
But we may go further. Here is another
provision:
"No State shiill, without the consent of Congress,
lay any imposts or duties on imports and exports
except what may be absolutely necessary for execut-
ing its inspection laws."
But will anybody argue that the action of
Congress on that subject must not have the
approval of the President?
Then, again, there is thi3 provision:
"No State shall, without the consent of Congress,
lay any duty of tonnage, keep troops or ships of war
in time of peace, enter into any agreement or com-
pact with another State, or with a foreign Power, or
engage in war unless actually invaded or in such j
imminent danger as will not admit of delay/'
Here we have the same operative words,
" No State shail, without the consent of Con-
gress;" and yet nobody will argue that the
action of Congress under that provision must
not be approved by the President.
I say, therefore, according to all the prece-
dents, according to all the light to be derived
from various tests of the Constitution, the
pending measure is. to aii.intents, an act to be
approve ! by the President. The fact that there
mu3t be a few more votes than a majority doss
not change its essential character. The Con-
stitution determines the number of votes re-
quired, but it does not go further; it does not
take it out of the category of acts. The meas-
ure remains always an act of Congress to be
passed by a two-thirds vote.
I then come to the other question, whether
the amendment is germane. The Senator from
Ohio argued this with a great deal of earnest-
ness. But why is it not germane? Does not
the act before us in its body propose a measure
of reconciliation? Itis clemencyand amnesty
which it proposes, and these, in my judgment,
constitute a measure of reconciliation. And
now I propose to add, justice to the colored
race. Is not that germane ? Do not the two
go together ? Are they not naturally associ-
ated ? Sir, can they be separated?
Instead of raising a question of order on, I
think the friends of amnesty would be much
better employed if they devoted their strength
to secure the passage of my amendment. Who
that is truly in favor of amnesty will vote against
the measure of reconciliation which I propose?
What has the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Ai.cokx,] whom I am so glad to welcome
among us, and to whom I listened so carefully
yesterday, what has he to say against giving
equal rights to the colored race? Will he con-
fine his energies to the vindication of those
who have been in rebellion? I hope not.
Surely, the excellent Senator would be much
belter employed if, instead of striking at the
measure of reconciliation I now propose, he
gave to it his powerful support.
Sir, most anxiously do I seek reconciliation;
bat 1 know too much of history, I know too
much of my own country, anil I remember
too well the fires over which we have walked
in these latter days, not to know that reconcilia-
tion is impossible except on the recognition
of Equal Rights. Vain is the effort of the
Senator front Mississippi; he cannot succeed;
he must fail, and he ought to tail. It is not
enough to be generous; ho must learn to be
just. It is not enough to stand by those who
have fought against us; ho must also stand by
those who for generations have borne the ban
of slavery. I listened with sadness to what
the Senator said; he spoke earnestly and sin-
cerely ; but to my mind it is much to be regret-
ted that coming into this Chamber tho repre-
sentative of colored men, he should turn against
them. I know that he will say, ''Pass the
amnesty bill first and then take care of the
other." I say better pass the two together,
or if any one'is to be lost, let it be the fiist.
Justice in this world is foremost. How often
must! say, "Be just before you are generous?"
The Senator is generous before he is just. I
am sorry; I wish it were otherwise. How
much better to be at once generous and just.
The Senator thinks that the cause of the
colored race is hazarded because my amend-
ment i3 moved on the act for amnesty. In my
judgment, it is advanced. He says that the
act of amnesty can pass only by a two-thirds
vote. Well, sir, I insist that every one of
that two thirds should record his name for my
measure of reconciliation. If he does not,
he is inconsistent with himself. How, sir,
will an act of amnesty be received when
accompanied with denial of justice to the col-
ored race? With what countenance can it be
presented to this country? How will it look
to the civilized world? Sad page! There-
cording angel will have tears, but not enough
to blot it out.
The Senator thinks this is not the time for
this measure of justice. Allow me to say that,
a measure of justice isalways in season. Never
is there any moment when it is out of season ;
and until this measure is accomplished, it will
always be in season on any bill, especially on
one seeking reconciliation in that distracted
part of our country. The Senator must be
familiar with previous kindred measures in
this Chamber. He must know how in other
days they have been contested ; how the argu-
ments that he now urges have been presented
by others, when we pressed those great re-
forms which have at last prevailed. Why,
sir, the Senator repeated an argument which
I once heard in this Chamber against a prop-
osition brought forward by myself to open the
courts for colored witnesses. I am disposed
to think the Senator had read one or two of
the speeches on that occasion. I was then
told not to press the motion. I insisted that
every colored person was entitled to be heard
as a witness; and, will you believe it. I was
resolutely opposed by the very arguments now
wielded so ably by the Senator from Missis-
sippi?
Then came the opening of the liorpe-cars.
There are Senators about me who remember
that debate and the opposition. I was asked
not to endanger a good measure, not to endan-
ger a bill creating important facilities for loco-
motion in Washington. Many persons came
to me and said, '• Do you really mean to kill
that railroad?" "No," said I, '-I mean to
make it a railroad worth having:" that is, a
railroad administered on the principle of equal
rights; and at last, after considerable effort,
the inhibition making it impossible to exclude
colored persons prevailed.
Then came the opening of the polls. Sen-
ators remember the stages of that discussion ;
how at the beginning it was encountered; how
when first presented there were very few in its
favor; and I remember the first occasion when
the argument of the Senator from Mississippi
was presented. I was told not to hazard the
pending bill. That is a commonplace : we
are familiar with it, I would say to my friend;
and I was very sorry that he was willing to
revive it in this debate. It does not belong
here; it is out of place. In the first place, it
does not hazard the bill; but, if it did, that is
no reason why my amendment should not be
pressed. Must the greaur be sacrificed to the
less?
The amendment is in all respects germane ;
it is harmonious; it helps to comniete ti1Q
measure. Without the amendment tin- pend-
ing bill is no better than the half of a pair of
scissors. The Senator from Mississippi wishes
Congress to bestow upon the country one half
of a useful instrument. I wish the who1''.
What I say now, Mr. Piesident. is addressed
specifically to the question whether tins prop-
osition is germane. The Senator from Ohio
presses that objection and I answpr it. The
ainendmentis as germane as the original meas-
ure itself. If you rule it out as not get mane,
you had better rule out the whole thmg. The
two go together: they arc parts of one whole;
and how theSenator from Mississippi can press
so earnestly for one halt" when he has the op-
portunity of getting the whole, passes my com-
prehension. He is willing to send iv Chr'-tm.is
present to the recent rebels and will send no
Christmas present to the colored race. Chrir-t-
mas present! Was there ever a Christmas
present more in harmony with the beautiful
day than would be that which I now pro-,.'Me?
Sir, I invite the Senate, I invite the Senator
from 2>Iississippi who has so recently come
among us, to unite in sending that Christmas
present to the colored race of this laud. Then
wouid'there be a merry Christmas to make
glad the hearts of the good everywhere.
Mr. SAVv i EU. Mr. Pres'd**n\ I had the
desire to say something upon this Oili. it w.ll
not be forgotten that for three years. who:i<-v,-r
I have had an opportunity, t have embraced it
to speak in behalf of a bill of this enar,tet"r ;
and I had hoped before this debate drew so
near to its close that I should have an oppor-
tunity to state again some of the reason f wh'.-.-'n
induced my action in this behalf. Bu-. Mr.
President, the whole morning has hi-en taken
up by what seem3 to me to be a very useless
discission. It has been upon a question of
order apparently raised here with the purpose
of defeating this bill, rather than of" any real
good.
I do not agree with the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts that any Senator who wishes to r«*s^
this bill, and who also is in favor of his Liii.
must necessarily vote for this amendm-nr. -
On the other hand, it seems to me that it w>.l
be absolutely fatal to the amnesty bill if we
attach this amendment to it, and in savin/ t'-iat
I desire to express to the Senate and t-> Hie
country ray entire approbation of the princi-
ples which underlie the bill of the Senator
from Massachusetts and to st-ito that at asiy
fitling time, whenever we can have the slightest,
chance of success in parsing the m.'asaru
which he has proposed to the Senate, 1 shall
be found voting by his side.
But, Mr. President, I cannot overlook tb«
fact that it requires the votes of two thirds of
the Senators voting to pass (his bill and two
thirds of the other House, I cannot overlook
the fact, and it must be patent to that Senator
himself that if his amendment is put upon
this bill his amendment and the b'U it-olfiM!.
We know as well as we know anything 'bat
the bill with that amendment cannot pass tho
Senate by the requisite majority.
Mr. COXKLING. Why not?
Mr. ,SAV\ YBR. We know that that hill
has not been referred to a committee at this
session of Congress. We know that i's pro-
visions have only been cursorily examined by
the Senate.
Mr. fcjl'EW ART. It was reported unfavor-
ably on at the last session.
Mr. SAWYKit. Ifth ere has been a report
on the Rubj"ci at all, it has been of an un-
favorable character: and every Senator knows
the fact, it does not require- reasoning to prove
that the bill wit.h that amendment cannot pass
the Senate to-day, if at till.
It is not, therefore, because I am opposed
