im
fli eO^&BESSIQMAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Pere, then, is an appropriation fox a pinist?r
resident to countries which have very little
population, with whom we can have hardly any
intercourse, and to which our entire export
traii is less in value than of the salary of the
minister and his attendant expenses. And,
worse than all, we give to this most useless of
the South American ministers,not the lea^t, hut
with one exception the largest salary given to
any minister to South America.
Sorely, sir, this is a great abuse ; it is one
of those heads which the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dates] has promised to
hit wherever he may see it. This is the first
occasion that this head has come to the surface
during this session of Congress, and I call bis
attention and that of gentlemen here to it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We have just
consolidated several missions to Central
American States, so far as this House is con-
cerned, by_ striking out a number of our diplo-
matic ministers, under the lead of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Brooks.] We now
come to the proposition to provide for con-
solidating the missions to Paraguay ^nd Uru-
guay. if there is any country oh this Western
hemisphere with which this nation should be
in close relations it is with the republican
countries of South America. And though I
would be willing to consent that we should con-
solidate some of these smaller missions into
one mission, so far as we are concerned, yet
when these two, Paraguay and Uruguay, have
been consolidated, I am unwilling to strike
them off our list. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Potter] forgets that Montevideo
is one of the countries where we have the
largest trade in hides and wool, and with the
exception of Brazil, it is, perhaps, the most
important of all our sister nations in South
America.
I see that the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs [Mr. Banks] desires to say
something; and as he is fuller of tlie subject
than I am, I will yield to him.
Mr. BANKS. _ I will move, pro forma, that
I may present in order some remarks upon
the question, to strike out the last word of the
pending amendment. There is some force in
the suggestions of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Potter,] but they would not jus-
tify the House in approving the amendment
he has offered. I know that Uruguay and
Paraguay are poor republics, tbeir popula-
tion has been greatly diminished, and their
commerce destroyed. But they occupy an
important position, and the question of rep-
resentation there does not depend entirely
upon their population or their commerce.
It is not a question of dollars and cents.
The gentleman knows very well that Brazil
made war not long since against Paraguay.
It was tho ambition of Brazil to dominate
if not_ to occupy all the States from the
Atlantic to the Pacific, embracing not only
Uruguay and Paraguay, but also Chili and
Peru, if possible, oh the Pacific. ' Brazil rep-
resents European interests, and European in-
terests alone, more so than any other country
in Central or South America, and so long as
she has this purpose of absorbing the whole
country, from tho Atlantic to the Pacific, with
a view to give additional influence to European
Governments in this hemisphere, we ought to
be at least willing to continue our representa-
tives in those States, republican like our own,
however poor and prostrate they may appear
to be. If it shall continue to be the fact that
Uruguay and Paraguay have no population
and commerce, and Brazil shall cease to carry
out successsfully the scheme wljijh she has
been pursuing, we might then consent to the
abolition of those missions, as we have just
done in regard to four in Central America."
But until that shall have been done, and until
that fact shall have been established, I hope
the House will not sustain this amendment of
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Chai rman, the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] states that
these are consolidated missions. This is a
mistake. T(ie mission to a defunct country,
Paraguay, T^as united to part of another to
ma,V9 a place for somebody to be sent to as a
representative, where we had no ^ interests to
represent. Two of the most insignificant
provinces in South America, were put together,
having, as, I have said, substantially to trade
with this nation, with an' iij^gnificant popula-
tion, the entire value of our exports to both
which amounted to, only about sixteen thou-
sand dollars, the past year; yet \ye send a min-
ister there at a sa,lary of $li,5Q0, mQre than
is paid to the minister sent to any of the prin-
cipal republics of South America. It was a
consolidation to make a place for a man, and
it has but tliat one thing to recom.mend it_; as
has been suggested by a Republican friend
here, it affords an opportunity to have some-
body sent out of the country and provided for.
This is no reason why this mission should be
continued. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts [irfr. Bakes] says that some day or other
it may be found that it is not important to
have a minister representing us at these two
countries, and that then we can abolish the
mission. Why, sir, if the uselessness of this
mission can ever be evident it is evident now.
It was evident two years ago when this very
matter was under discussion. The population
and the business of Uruguay and Paraguay
remain as they were then. Under the present
system wo have this anomaly: that we send to
two countries with which wo have less com-
munication perhaps than any others in the
world, to which we send ministers, and which
are of less importance in population and in
business, a representative to whom we pay
more than we pay to any other diplomatic offi-
cer in the whole continent of South America,
except only the minister to Brazil.
Mr. PETERS. This minister represents us
at two countries.
Mr. POTTER. Theoretically, yes; but when
you put the two countries together you have
neither population nor business, nor diplo-
matic intercourse amounting to anything
worthy of consideration. No gentleman in
this House, I think, ever saw anyone who had
been to those countries who could say that
there was any occasion for the services of a
minister resident to either of them. A distin-
guished gentleman who once represented the
United States in that part of South Atnerica,
and v?ho was afterward a member of Con-
gress, told me that $100 a year would pay
every service that a diplomatic agent of the
United States could possibly render in both
those countries.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand the
gentleman from New York to be of opinion
that we can banish men at a less expense
than $11,250 a year.
Mr. POTTER. I do not doubt that; and
to many sections less remote.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I wish to say
one word in reply to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Potter.] Until the administra-
tion of President Grant began we had a mis-
sion to each of these countries. Two years
ago the two missions were consolidated, and
a reduction of $3,500 was thus made in the
aggregate expense.
Mr. POTTER. I beg to correct the gentle-
man. A Uruguay mission was taken from tlje
mission to the Argentine Confederation, and
was added to the existing mission to Paraguay.
Three thousand dollars of the salary of the
minister to that confederation was added to
the salary theretofore paid the minister to
Paraguay and the present excessive salary
made up, and there was no reduction in the
expense to the Government whatever.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will find that this mission now costs $3,500
less than did the two missions before they
were consolidated. If the gentleman had
intended to make this sort of reduction it
would have beei> well to have had it done
hitherto. Now after we ba,ve made tho re-
duction—now, when one minister is called
upon to travel between llie two countries at
his own expense, the capitals of th<? two
countries being fifteen hundred miles apart,
and to represent us in both countries., one sal-
ary covering all the expense, it occurs to me
that it is overstraining the matter a little to
propose to cut off our relations with these two
republics of South America. I call for a
vote. „ .
Mr. BANKS. I withdraw my formal
amendment.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Potter, there were—ayes 57,
noes 58 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. POTTER. I call for a further count
unless it be agreed that we may have the yeas
and nays on the question in the House.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We caunotcon-
sent to that.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Potter, and
Mr. Garfield of Ohio, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tollers
reported—ayes 58, noes 71.
So tlie amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I now ask the House to agree
to the amendment I offered, to transfer the mis-
sion to Russia from its present place in the bill
among the second-class missions, and insert
it among the first-class missions. I wish to
say that I have offered this amendment with
the concurrence of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and at the instance of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. L. Myers.]
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
be heard a moment on this proposition. As
I understand, the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Baxks] is to transfer the
mission to Russia from the second to the first
class. The only effect of the proposition
financially is to raise the annual salary of the
minister to Russia, from $12,000 to $17,500,
in gold, an increase of $5,500. I admit that
the amount involved is not very great, but yet
I hope it is sufficient to arrest attention. I
indulge the hope that there is no disposition
to increase the cost of our foreign diplomacy,
now so greatly increased beyond that of former
years, unless for some good public reason;
and I submit there is no public reason why
the salary of our minister to Russia should be
increased from $12t000 to $17,500, more es-
pecially when every one knows that the office
is virtually a sinecure. There are literally no
duties there for a minister to perform.
I do not know one single argument in favor
of the proposed increase of this salary. The
salaries of our foreign ministers are paid in
gold, and very greatly exceed any other of our
salaries, and yet the cost of living is less, as
we are informed, than at home, and except in
extraordinary cases nothing to do. This is
especially true of Russia, with which our
nation has not and never had intimate national
relations.
If there be any reason for this increase it is
to be found in the fact that our commerce with
Russia has increased, or that our relations
with Russia in some form or other, political
or otherwise, have increased, and therefore
more character should be given to our minis-
ter at that imperial court by increase of salary.
I submit increase of salary adds nothing to
the character of a minister. I submit that it
indicates no increased respect on the part of
the Government of the United States for the
Government of Russia to increase the pay of
our minister. This Republic is better repre-
sented abroad by a display of its wise frugality
and republican simplicity than in imitating the
profligacy and extravagance of monarchies.
And I submit further, Mr, Chairman, if tho
object of increase is for the purpose of ex-
pressing on the part of. the United States
higher considerations for the Government of
Russia, the emperor of Russia and his abso-
lute Government, then I object to it. The
