1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE).
3857
Mr. MOORE. Provided unanimous con-
sent is given that the yeas and nays shall not
be called
Mr. GARFIELD of Ohio. I think that the
maintenance of good feeling in this House is
of more consequence than a bill of this sort,
be it good or bad.
Mr. HOAR. I do not see how what is pro-
posed by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Qar-
fiet.d] can be constitutionally done. Another
method, I think, will accomplish the same
object. I believe ihat in the vote on the pas-
sage of the bill but. two names were wanted to
make a quorum. If there are two gentlemen
now in the House who did not then vote,
unanimous consent, might, be given to them to
have their names recorded on the previous
roll-call. That can be done, but you cannot
constitutionally agree that a minority shall
pass the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
desires to reply to the suggestions of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts and the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. MOORE. Do I understand the Chair
to overrule the proposition to allow two addi-
tional members to record their votes who were
present in the House, but did not vote upon
the vote which was taken upon the bill a while
ago?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
has done nothing of tlie kind ; there has been
110 such question yet presented to the Chair.
The Chair will now make answer to the sug-
gestions of the gentleman from Massachusetts
and the gentleman from Ohio. The vote upon
tho passage of this bill by yeas and nays
lias disclosed the fact that there is not a quo-
rum in the House. The House thereby be-
comes constitutionally disqualified to do fur-
ther business, except that business which the
Constitution authorizes the House to do when
a quorum is not present, to adjourn, or to
order a call of the House, and the proceedings
in respect of that bill fell, and tho bill, should
there be a quorum in the House, must again
come before the House for its passage.
Mr. MOORE. I am ready to accede to the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Gakfikld,] provided it is accepted by the
House by unanimous consent.
Mr. BEATTY. I object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
desires to suggest to the gentleman from Indi-
ana that it seems to him that we must first
iind a quorum in the House, and that no busi-
ness action can be taken till there is a quorum ;
and that is the judgment, of the Clerk also.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the proceed-
ings under the call are dispensed with and the
House proceeds to formal business the ques-
tion of the quorum is cured by the failure ot
any record to the contrary. But, Mr. Speaker,
I will make another suggestion, if the gentle-
men will allow me. and that is the suggestion
I rose to make five hours ago, when unfor-
tunately a friend on the other side of the
House, not knowing what 1 intended to say,
cut me short. 1 intended five hours ago to say
this: if you will adjourn now there is nothing in
the way of this bill coming up as the unfinished
business the first thing in the morning except
the conference reports that the Committee on
Appropriations have charge of, and I was will-
ing to say then, and am willing to say now, that
ifasolutton of this difficulty can be made in this
way, I will see to it that no conference report
from the Committee on Appropriations shall
inteivene until the bill now pending shall have
been disposed of.
Mr. DICKEY. It may be impossible for
some gentlemen who are now here to be here
at eleven o'clock.
Mr. CAMPBELL. We could have passed
the bill-in an hour if gentlemen on the other
side had not. resorted to dilatory motions, and
] am for " fighting it out. on this line if it takes
all summer."
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 242.
Mr. MOORE. I have another suggestion
to mak£, which is that when the call of the
House is had, if the fact is disclosed that we
have a Quorum present, then we will ail agree to
suspend further proceedings under the call
provided there is unanimous consent that" the
vote shall then be taken on the bill without,
calling the yeas and nays.
Mr. BEATTY. I object,
Mr. GAHFIELD, of Ohio. If gentlemen
prefer it we might have unanimous consent
that the vote shall be taken at half past eleven
o'clock to-morrow morning.
Mr. M0011E. Our propositions have been
rejected, aud we had better go on with the call
ot the Rous*.
The roll was then called, and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Adams. Ambler, Ames, Archer* Averill,
Barbor, Barry, Bcvendge, Biggs, Austin Blair, Boles,
Brooks, Burchard, Beujiumu 1. Butler, Koderick
H. Butler, Clarke, Cobb. Cox, Creely. Crocker.Djivis,
Dawes. De Large, Du Bose,DueU,Eklredge, Elliott,
Ely, i'anifsvvortl), F.irwoll, JGVker, liritli'b, Uale,
Hanner, llays, John W. llnzolion, Ilerndon, Hill,
Hooper, Houghton. Kelloy, ICellogjr, Kendall. Kerr,
Ketcliam, Kilnnger, Kmsella, Lansing, .Leach,
Lewis, Lynch. Marshall, Maynard, MeJunkin. Mc-
Kinncy, McNeely, Mcrcur, Mcrrick, Mitchell, Mon-
roe, Morgan. Morphia, Leonard Myers. Neeley,
Packard. Palmer. Peck. Pendl^oi), Aaron K 1 «rry,
Piatt, Pnner, Edward Y. Rice. John M. TLtco,
Ritchie, William R. Roberts. John Rogers, Sargent,
Scofield. Seeley, Sheldon, Shcllabargo.r, Sherwood,
Shober, Sioeum, bloss, Worthineton C. Smith. Sny-
der, Thomas J. Specr. Sprnfiue, Stevens. Stevenson,
Storm. Stoush ton, Stowell, Strong, St. John, Suther-
land, Synher, Dwight Townsenu, Tuthill, Tynev,
Upson, Van Trump, Voorhee*, Waddcll, Wake-
mim, Waldon, Warren, Wheeler, Wliiteley, John
T. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood'.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Door-
keeper will now close the doors of the House
until further order of the House.
Mr. DICKEY. And now I hope they will
be kept closed, for during the last call fifteen
or twenty gentlemen got in here.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
Speaker will let the House know what was the
result of the roll-call.
The SPEAKER -pro tempore. The call of
the roll shows the presence of one hundred
and thirty-two members within the doors of
the House. What is the pleasure of the House?
Mr. MOORE. I now move that all further
proceedings under this call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the regular order
of business?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The regular
order of business is the consideration ot the
bill of the Senate No. 569, for the relief of
Thomas B. Wallace, of Lexington, in the State
of Missouri, reported from the Committee ot
Claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. Icall for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
desires to call the attention of theHouse to
the fact that upon the passage of this bill the
yeas and nays were ordered to be taken.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And they were
taken.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. And upon
being taken it appeared that there was not a
quorum present. The House had therefore to
suspend further proceedings upon the bill, and
there was a call of the House ordered. Upon
the call of the roll, a quorum appearing and
answering to their names, turther proceedings
underthe call were dispensed with. The ques-
tion recurs upon the passage of the bill, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The Clerk will proceed to call the roll.
The question was again taken ; and there
were—yeas 94,, nays 26, not voting 120; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Barnum, Beck,'
Bell. Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton. Bright, Luck-
ley, Butfinton, Burdett, Caldwell, Campbell, Oar-
roil, (Joghlan, Comingo. Conner, Crebs, Criteher,
Grassland, l>arra.1l, Dickey, Box, Duke. Bunnell,,
Barnes. Kmkelnburg, Charles Foster. Henry 1>. ios-
ter Wilder I). Foster, (Jarrett, Uetz, Giddmgs,
Golladay, Goodrich, HaldemsUi, Hambleton, Han-
cock, Handley, Hanks, Harper, George E. Har-
ris, John T. Harris, Hay, Hereford, Jiibbard,
Holman.King, Lamison, Lamport, Lowe, Manson,
McClellahd, McCormick, McGrew, Mcllenry, Mcln-
tyro, Benjamin I'\ Movers, Moore, Morey, Niblack,
Ilosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, ,Perce, Lji
Perry, Potter, ' Price, Prindfe, Ramey, Randall,
Road, Robinson, Sion II. Rogers, Roosevelt, Ses-
sions. Slater. H. Boardtnan Smith, Swann. lane.
Terry, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Xiirner,
Twichell, Vaughan, YVallace, WallB, Wells, Whit-
thorna, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New
York, and Young—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Banks, Coburn, Conger, Cotton,
Garfield, Halsey, Havens, Gerry W. Ilazelton, Hoar,
McCrary. Merriam. Orr, Packer, Peters, Poland,
Ritchie. Rusk, Sawyer, Shanks, Shoemaker, John
A. Smith, Suapp, Starkweather, Waldron, Willard,
and Jeremiah M. Wilson—26.
NOT VOTING—Mossrs. Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Arthur, Averi11, Barbor, Barry, Beatty, Beveridge,
Bigby, Bifjps, Bingham, Austin Blair, Boles, Brooks,
Burchard, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Clarke, Cobb. Cox, Creely, Crocker. Davis, Dawes,
Be Large, 'Donnan. Du Bose, Duell, Elaredgc,
Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth. Farwell, Forker, Frye.
Griffith, Halo, Harmor. Hawley, Hays, John W.
11 >r/, el tori, Ilerndon, IIUI. llooper, Houghton Kel-
ley, Kellosg, Kendall, Kerr. Ketcham, KUhngor.
Kinsolla. La.nsmg. Leach. Lewis, Lynch, Marshall,
Maynaril. MeJunkin. McKee, MeKinney. MoNeely,
Merour, Merrick. Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan, Mor-
phia, Leonard Myers, Negley, Packard. Palmer,
Peck. Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry. Piatt, Porter,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts,
William R. Roberts, John Rogers, Sargent, Sco-
tleld, Seelcy, Sheldon. Shellabargcr, Sherwood,
Shober, Slocum, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith,
Snyder. R. Milton Speor,Thomas J. Speer, Sprague,
Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Stougliton, Stowell,
Strong, St. John, Sutherland, Sypher, Dwight
Townsend, Tuthill, Tyner, Upson, Van iruuip,
Voorhees, Waddcll, Wakeman. Walden. Warren,
Wheeler. Whitelcy, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
and Wood—120.
Before the result was announced,
■Mr. SESSIONS said: If there are any mem-
bers in the House whose names have been
called and who have not voted, they must vote
under the rule of the House,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
surmises that there aie several members in the
House who have not voted.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I ask that the
name of Mr Donnan be called.
Mr. SLATER. I ask that the names of all
those members now present who have not
voted be again called.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
knows of no way to compel members to vote.
As from the length of this day's session there
may have been some mistake made in the
record, the Clerk will again call the names of
those who have not voted.
Mr. CONGER. I raise the point of order
that if this proceeding be permitted b.v the
Chair, it will be a change of the rules of the
business of this House, and as a member of
the House I object.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It can be
done only by unanimous consent.
Mr. BANKS. If there be any member pres-
ent who has not voted, he should be named
and required to vote.
Mr. DICKEY. He is in contempt of the
House if he does hot vote.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Before the
Chair announces the vote, tie will direct the
Clerk to read from liule 31 of the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
Every member who shall be ill the House when
the question is put shall give his vote, unless the
House shall excuse him."
Mr. BANKS. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Donnan] is present
and has not voted. I move that he be called
upon by the Speaker to vote.
Mr. SESSIONS. I would inquire whether
there is.any member of the House who has not
voted when his name was called?
Mr. CONGER. I call for the regular
order, as I have heretofore done.
Mr. DICKEY. It is the regular order that
members should vote when their names are
called.
Mr. CONGEE. I submit that the Chair
has before his eyes the proof that there is no
