I 1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2961
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. Corbett]
tells us that the reason it was changed was
that it was thought frauds were perpetrated
upon the Oregon elections, they being held at
: -a different time, and that was one of the issues
before the committee that reported back this
bill. I became satisfied that there was a good
deal of imagination about this idea of fraud,
and I think so still.
There are one or two things that should be
considered in relation to the time of holding
these elections. In the first place, the Terri-
tories of Idaho and Washington are peculiar
in three or four ways. They are peculiar in
their formation, peculiar in their products,
peculiar in their seasons, and I do not know
but that I might add somewhat peculiar iu
their people. In tlie month of June, taking
the north and northwestern portion of Idaho,
the spring is just opening, and it is a mining
region to some extent. The water is in that
condition that only for a short time can it be
used for that purpose.
Perhaps, taking both Territories conjointly
and as a whole, there is no mouth of the year
that the people can as profitably and import-
antly busy themselves as in the month of .June.
This election coming in the month of June takes
them away from their business, which they
have completed by fall to a great extent, and
in that way enables them to make their elec-
tion more convenient and less expensive. I
suppose the object is to make their elections
as convenient as possible for 'them. They
have fixed their own territorial elections and
they have fixed them in the fall for members
of their Legislature. Congress changed it to
the day that the Oregon elections were held
with a view to the purpose of which my friend
from Oregon nee rest me [Mr. Corbett] speaks.
Oa this question we made some considerable
inquiry, and the Delegates from both Terri-
tories, one a Republican from Washington
Territory and the other a Democrat from
Idaho Territory, agree in the fact that they
think all this idea of fraud is imaginary and
made the statement substantially that the
Senator from Oregon farthest from me [Mr.
Kei.ly] makes, that the obstacles are so great
as to make it almost impossible that any effort
of that kind should be made.
I called up this bill to-day because if the
elections are to be had in June if the law
remains unchanged the Delegates have but
about twelve or fourteen days to make their
canvass for their election. They have to go
home, and it would not leave them over a fort-
night to go over these difficult and large ex-
tended Territories. The testimony of both the
Delegates is that they think my friend from
Oregon [Mr. Corbett] labors under a hallu-
cination about fraud being perpetrated. I do
not see how it could be to any extent. They
ask to have the election changed back to the
original time.
There is one further consideration. By a
general law passed at this session, including
Delegates as well as Representatives iu Con-
gress, the time of election is fixed from 1876
and afterward on the same day throughout the
United Stated in November. This bill is to
fill up the vacuum between, and with that \ievv
it is submitted.
Mr. CORBETT. It had been stated to the
committee, or to some members of the com-
mittee, that the present law was enacted simply
on account of some difference between the
former Democratic Delegate and my former
colleague, and that there was no reason for
the law. I addressed the Attorney General a
letter upon this subject to ask him whether it
was bis judgment, and T ask that the Clerk
read the letter of Attorney General Williams,
which I send to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department of Justice,
Washington, March 13,1872.
Deas Sir: I have just received your letter of yes-
terday, in which you say that it has been represented
42b Cong. 2d Sess.—]$o. 186.
to the Committee on Territories that the law passed
by Congress compelling the Territories of Washing-
ton and Idaho to hold their elections in June on the
same da.y the election is held in Oregon was passed
simply because I had a personal quarrel with the
former Delegate from Idaho, Mr. Holbrook, and
because he threatened to defeat me; and that there
is no good reason for the retention of the law.
You ask me to explain the reasons for the passage
of that act, and whether or not, in my opinion, there
is any necessity for its continuance.
I have to say, in answer, that the law was passed
because it was represented to me that citizens from
Idaho and Washington Territories voted at our
elections, and that in those precincts where the
Democrats had control the law of the State was not
observed as to persons supporting the Democratic
ticket. I was advised, and believe, that more than
one hundred votes from Washington Territory wero
polled in the North Portland precinct for the Demo-
cratic candidate for Congress at the June election,
in 1868. I was also told that persons from Idaho
voted in those precincts in Oregon adjoining that
Territory, and have good reason to believe that the
representations, to some extent, were correct. So
far as I know, the Democrats are as much disposed
now as they ever were to disregard the law govern-
ing elections in Oregon, and I am sure that there
were frauds committed by that party at the last
June election in that State. I have no grounds for
supposing that the necessities for the law have
ceased to exist.
Yours, Ac., GEO. W. WILLIAMS.
Hon. II. W. Corbett, United State* Senate.
Mr. CORBETT. It will be seen by the
letter of Attorney General Williams that he is
still of opinion that it is necessary this law
should remain on the statute-book, and that
it is important that it should so remain to
prevent frauds in Oregon from these Terri-
tories. I submit to the Senate whether under
this statement it is right to change the law,
when the law simply provides that we may have
honest elections by holding them in Oregon
and m these Territories on the same day, so
that Democrats cannot cotne across and vote
in our precincts on the eastern side of the
mountains. Let the elections be upon a dif-
ferent day, and with those precincts all in the
hands of the Democrats we are likely to be
overrun. I appeal to the Senate not to pass
this bill, but to let lis bold the -elections as
now at the same time, and thereby have fan-
elections. We ask nothing more than a fair
election, and I trust the Senate will not adopt
this bill. I hope it will be voted down,
jj The bill was reported to the Senate without
I; amendment.
jl Mr. CORBET1'. 1 move to lay the bill
ij upon the table, and I call for the yeas and
j| nays on (hat motion.
j| Mr. NYE. I hope that will not bo done.
The yeas and uajs were ordered.
Mr. COLE. On all questions that arise on
' this bill I am paired with the Senator from
| Rhode Island, [Mr. Spkague,] who is absent
! from the Chamber. He would vote "nay,"
;! ami I should vote "yea."
I. The question being taken by yeas and nays.
j| resulted—yeas To, nays 2S; as follows :
j YEAS —Messrs. Ames. Borein.in, Chandler, Clay-
ton, Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Flan-
agan, Hsiailm, Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Kamsey, Sher-
man. and Sumner—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Cassf rly, Conk-
II ling. Cragin. Davis of West Virginia, Hamilton of
!| Maryland, Hill. Hitchcock, Howe. Johnston. i\ ei-
1 logg, Kelly, Logan. Morrill of Vermont, Norwood,
j Nye. Itiee. Sstulsbury. S'-ntt. Speneer% Stevenson, j
I Stockton, Trumbull. Viekers. Wilson, Windom, and '
Wright—2S.
i ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn. Blair, BrownJow. Buck-
i insbam.Caldwell. Cameron, Carpenter. Colo, Cooper.
| Davijj of Kentucky, Feitton. I'errv of Michigan, j
j Prelinghuyscn, tfilbert, (joldthwaitc, Hamilton of ;
j Texas, Harlan, Lewis. Morrill of Maine, Morton, -
' Patterson,- Pomeroy, Ransom. Robertson, Sawyer, !
I Schurz, Sprague, Stewart. Tburruan, Tipton, and j
! West—-31.
j So the motion was not agreed to.
| The bill was ordered to a third reading, read ;
the third time, and passed. !
j Mr. MORTON subsequently moved to re- I
• consider the vote by winch the bill was passed ; j
j and the motion was entered. |
! 5IKSSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. j
I A message from the House of Representa- i
j tives, by Mr, McPhkrson, its Clerk, announced j
! that the Rouse bad passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate :
A bill (H, R. No. 183) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Interior to make partition of the
reservation to Me-shin-go-me-sia, a Miami
Indian;
A bill (H. R. No. 239) authorizing the award
to the Vincennes University of certain vacant
and abandoned lands in Knox county, Indi-
ana;
A bill (H. R. No. 872) to provide for the
sale of certain New York Indian lands in
Kansas;
A bill _(H. R. No. 1841) authorizing the re-
moval of restrictions upon the alienation of
certain Miami Indian lands in the State of
Kansas;
A bill (H. R, No. 2264) to authorize the
Cattaraugus and Alleghany Indians, in New
York, to lease lands and confirm leases; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2290) regulating the mode
of making private contracts with Indians.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION" BILL.
Mr. COLE. I move that the Senate resume
the consideration of the naval appropriation
bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1191) making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stew-
art in the chair.) The amendments repoited
by the Committee on Appropriations have all
been agreed to, and the'bill is now before the
Senate and open to further amendment.
Mr. CKAG1N. I move to amend the bill
j on page 20, line four hundred and sixty-
eight, by striking out " $1,200'' and inserting
"$1,500;'' so that the clause will read: "clerk
of stoie-houses, $1,500."
Mr. COLE. I hope that amendment will
not be agreed to. [ do not think it ought
to be.
Mr. CHAGIN. This relates to the salary
of the clerk of store-houses at the navy-yard at
Cbarlestowu, Massachusetts. I have here a
communication from one of the officers of that
yard, stating that this salary ought to be
increased to $1,500. The Secretary of the
Navy has recommended it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Have you got the recom-
mendation?
Mr. CRAGIN. I bavo not. but this com-
munication states:
" In the report of the Secretary of the Navy this
year, he recommends that the salary be restored to
I £1,500. The salary of the store-house clerk in thei
' smaller establishments exceeds that in this yard,
I and the resporsibility of the elerk here exceeds by
j far that of the other yards.''
! It would be no more than just that this sal-
t ary should be increased, in my judgment. I
! have no feeling about it. The Secretary rec-
j ommended it iu his annual report.
I Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have that
| recommendation read.
: Mr. CRAGIN. I should have said the head
of the bureau.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is quite a different
tiling. ...
Mr. COLE. This is simply an increase of
salary of the clerk of that yard, and will of
course result in raising the salaries of these
clerks in other places as well. This amend-
ment. if adopted, of course will afford a lever-
age of raising them all, and there are quite a
number of them. I do not care about arguing
if, but I think the salary had better be left as
it is.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CRAGIN. On page 11, line two hun-
dred and thirty-seven, after the word "thou-
sand," I move to insert the words "two hun-
dred;" so that it will read, "for writer to
receiver and inspector of stores, $1,200."
This is an increase of $200. The salary of
this officer was §1,500 up to within two years.
