1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1169
Russian Government is entitled to no such
consideration from this Republic. A Govern-
ment whose whole career has been one of
sanguinary aggression upon the rights of man-
kind, which has stricken down liberty when-
ever within her power throughout the whole
history of her civilization; a nation, sir,
which, in her fierce ambition, has remorselessly
bathed the continent of Europe with its best
blood; a nation which, in the ruthless pride
of tyranny, seeks to-day to crush out the little
that remains of nationality in unhappy Greece,
has no claim to the special consideration of
this Republic. And we are asked in this sin-
gular manner to express admiration for that
hoary-headed despotism.
The proposed increase of honor on the part
of the United States of her minister to lius-
sia, if an increase of salary is such, cannot
be because our commerce has increased with
Russia, for such is not the case. We have
practically no commerce of any kind with Rus-
sia. It cannot be because of any increase in
the national relations between Russia and the
United States, for our relations with that Power
have remained unchanged for fifty years. It
is, then, but a mark of respect to this over-
grown despotism, which now threatens what-
ever remains of freedom in Greece, struck
down the struggling patriots of Hungary in
the interests of universal despotism, and in-
sults the civilized world by pressing every year
more heavily her iron heel on the neck of pros-
trate Poland. And we are by new honors to
our minister to express our admiration for that
despotic Power. For one, I will give no vote
that expresses appreciation of that despotism.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to move an amend-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman will
allow me this further remark. The argument
advanced in favor of this proposition is that
Russia has been friendly to the United States.
If that be the argument upon which increased
respect is to be paid to her Government, to
that I can safely answer, there is not a single
act in the history of Russia, considering her
relations with the United States, which indi-
cates a friendly feeling for our Government or
institutions. Prom the necessity of things,
looking into the character of the Russian Gov-
ernment and to the principles upon which ours
is founded, there could be no such thing as
friendly sympathy between the two Govern-
ments. The one is an absolute despotism, the
other a republic. We are told she expressed
amity for this Government during our unhappy
intestine war. Friendly feelings expressed on
the part of Russia mean nothing. Her hatred
of all the Powers of Europe where the princi-
ples of liberty are growing into vigorous life
would suggest to her by cheap compliments
to seek a remote ally, one too remote to stand
in the way of her remorseless ambition. Her
expressions of friendly feeling to us during
our civil war was a cheap expression of friend-
ship. It could cost her nothing. Yet as a
testimony of our appreciation of it we paid out
of our Treasury $7,200,000 for the ice fields
in Alaska, worthless to her and a source of
heavy expenditure to us. That purchase could
not be defended on any other ground than
that it conciliated and expressed a kindly feel-
ing to Russia. An expensive payment for
empty compliments! There was, however,
no reason for it. The principle of the Rus-
sian Government is the natural enemy to the
principle of the American Government, and
we can have no real sympathy with that des-
potism. Happily the remoteness of Russia
from 1he United States renders our relations
simply negative. The master of northern
iiluropo, which suppresses with strong hand
every expression of liberty within the reach
of her collossal power, can have no sympathy
with ns. I do not know of any Government
on the face of the earth with which our rela-
42d Cong. 2d Sess.'—No. 74.
tions should be so exclusively that of formal
diplomacy and nothing more.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. I 'move to make the amount
$18,500 instead of §17,500 as a pro forma
amendment, to enable me to address a few
words to the committee. I will say, first, that
although the Committee on Foreign Affairs was
unanimously in favor of the elevation of this
mission, yet we had unanimously agreed not
to trouble the House with the question at this
time. My honorable colleague, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. L. Myers,] made
that statement in the debate on this bill yester-
day. But inasmuch as we have advanced the
mission to Germany, which would not have
been recommended, I think I am authorized
in saying, by the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
unless it had been understood that the mission
to Russia was to be placed with the missions
to first-class Powers at the same time, and in-
asmuch as yesterday by unanimous consent we
advanced the mission to Japan, we feel thatit.
would be a seeming disrespect, unintentional
I am sure, to the Government of Russia to
leave the mission to that empire at this time
in the position which it has stood since its first
diplomatic connection with our Government.
I am sure it is not intended to produce this
effect, but yet in the present condition of
affairs such would be the result, and we think
it ought not to be. I am certain that the House
would have sustained this proposition when
the mission to Germany was raised to a first
grade mission, if it had not been that a unani-
mous consent was necessary from the acci-
dental presentation of the question, and the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means believed it to be his duty to make
objection at that time.
The objection to this proposition presented
by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holmax]
could be as well urged against all the European
missions. It can be made against that Eng-
lish mission. It could have been made against
that to France. It can be made now against
the German mission. Whether we shall be
represented or not does not depend on the
character of the Government, but on the
question whether the interests of this country
require a representation. Russia has eighty
millions of people. She has increased more
rapidly in power, in population, and in ter-
ritory than any other Government of Europe
or of Asia. She wields a powerful influence
over the eastern nations she is soon to mold,
if it does not control altogether western Eu-
rope. Whether Europe is to be republican
or Cossack is less a question now than in the
days of the first Napoleon. She has a terri-
tory equal to that of Europe itself, with all of
the resources necessary to make a great and
prosperous nation. For this reason, if we are
to be represented anywhere, we should be
represented where power is increasing, where
it is developing strength, in industry, in the
arts, in arms, and in all the elements of mod-
ern civilization. Such is especially the char-
acter of Russia. That which has heretofore
been regarded in some respects a mystery
among nations is now recognized as a pei-
manent, powerful, prosperous, and progres-
sive people, equal to any destiny that may
await them. I know very well that the
Russian Government is, as the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] has said, what
is commonly called despotic in principle.
But let me remind him that one hundred and
fifty years ago it might have been classed
almost among barbarous nations, and in this
period no people of Europe, certainly no peo-
ple of Asia, and I think 1 may say no people
of America, have made more rapid or greater
advances in civilization. Her literature com-
mands respect among all the nations of Europe.
In diplomacy she is the equal of any other
nation. Her military power is unsurpassed in
Europe or Asia. One of the consuis of this
country wrote me a year and a half since that
her armies numbered two and a quarter mil-
lions of men, good soldiers, as we all know
Russians are. In the great reforms which
have distinguished this beneficent and brilliant
period of national history she stands with the
most enlightened and progressive States.
She emulated the example of the United
States when we gave freedom to four mil-
lion slaves by giving freedom and independ-
ence through territorial possession to more than
seventy million serfs.
Mr. SARGENT. Without being forced to
it by war.
Mr. BANKS. Yes, as my friend reminds
me, without being forced to do it by war. Of
her own wisdom, of her own generous recog-
nition of human rights, she has done this ;
tad her administration in reference to this
great change in the character and position of
so large a portion of her population, I think I
may say, has been more fortunate if not wiser
in its immediate results than emancipation has
been elsewhere, even in our own country.
She has established fifteen hundred free schools
for the education of her emancipated people,
which is quite as much if not more than we
have done.
Russia is, in the nature of things, the friend
of the United States. Her position makes it
so. She commands the east of Europe, and
we the country west of Europe. The natural
enemy of both nations is between these two
great empires. In the very nature of things
she has been from the beginning against Eu-
rope, because Europe has been her enemy.
And she has been from the beginning of our
career the friend of the United States, because
Europe has been our enemy.
It does not depend upon the caprice of rulers,
or even upon the inclinations of her people.
Jt results from the position of these two great
empires, and this condition of things must
remain unchanged at least for a half century
or a century to come. What may be beyond
that it is unnecessary for us to conjecture.
But it is not only by her position with regard
to the rest of the world that she is our friend.
Her people look to the United States with admi-
ration and veneration. Oar progress and pros-
perity strengthens and encourages. We solve
successfully the great problems of social life,
and of political administration, with which she
is engaged. Our success foreshadows her tri-
umph. Her people in the interior of that
vast empire who live upon the steppes of Asia
follow day by day our career. They delight
to speak of the events of our recent war; of
the liberation of slaves: the progress of our
railways; the union of the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans ; the enterprise of our journals; our
institutions of learning; our militia system;
our military and naval heroes ; the speed of our
horses, and all that appertains to our national
history, and it has been so from the earliest
period of our history.
The very first indication %vhich the Ameri-
can colonies received of friendly regard and
recognition in the time when we were struggling
for our independence was from Russia. The
American minister in France reported to the
Government of the Confederation, even before
we were assured of the active cooperation of
France, that Russia, whatever might be said of
other countries, would be our friend. It may
| be said that it was her interest to be so; but I
| wish we understood our own interests as well
I as she comprehended in this act her own.
l During the rebellion—in 1863—in the darlj-
j est hour of our struggle, her fleets upon the
i Pacific and the Atlantic coast gave indications
i not only of her friendship for this country, but
1 of her power also 
[Here the hammer fell.]
I Mr. BANKS. Let me say a word or two
more.
! The C H AIRMAN". If there be no objection
j the gentleman can proceed. I he Chair hears
none.
Mr. BANKS,
For this demonstration she
