1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2065
" say one thousand souls " after "roaming;"
SO that the clause will read:
For fourth of ten installments, to be used by the
Secretary of the Interior in the purchase of such
articles as, from time to time, the condition and ne-
cessities may indicate to be proper, the sum of ten
dollars for each Indian roaming, as per same article,
a sum not exceeding $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
lines five huudred and forty-eight to five hun-
dred and fifty-one, as follows:
For second of three installments, for the purchase
of seeds and implements lor such Indians as shall
continue to farm, (say fifty souls,) $1,250.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out, in
line five hundred and fifty-eight, the words
"say one thousand souls."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will call the attention of the Senator from
California to an omission in line five hun-
dred and sixty-two, where the word "treaty"
is left out.
Mr. COLE. That correction should be
made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
made.
Mr. COLE. I suggest that throughout the
bill, after a treaty is mentioned once, the refer-
ences afterward should be to "said treaty
so as not to repeat the date of the treaty. I
have called the attention of the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations of the
House to that fact, and I think that will be
the course pursued hereafter. It will abbre-
viate the laws, and save a little on printing.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line five hundred and
seventy-two, in the clause " for insurance and
transportation of goods," to strike out^ " in-
surance," and strike out "eight," and insert
" seven so as to read: " for transportation
of goods, $7,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight hun-
dred and nine, to strike out the words "insur-
ance and," and to reduce the appropria-
tion for transportation for the Navajoes from
$15,000 to $10,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike outlines
eight hundred and eighty-nine, eight hundred
and ninety, and eight hundred and niuety-one,
ill the appropriation for the northern Chey-
ennes and Arapahoes, in the following words:
For pay of physician, teacher, carpenter, miller,
farmer, blacksmith, and engineer, $7,700.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendmeut was in line eight hun-
dred and ninety-two, to strike out the words
"insurance and,'' and to reduce the appro-
priation for transportation of goods for the
northern Cheyennes and Arapahoes from
$6,000 to $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
the appropriations for the Shoshones the fol-
lowing clause from line twelve hundred and
six to line twelve hundred and nine:
For second of three installments, for the pur-
chase of seeds and implements to the heads of fam-
ilies or lodges who shall continue to farm, (say one
hundred families,) $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike from the
appropriations for the Bannocks from line
twelve hundred and forty-six to twelve hun-
dred and forty-nine, inclusive, in the following
words:
For first of three installments, for purchase of
seeds and implements for the heads of families or
lodires who shall continue to farm, (say onehundred
sauls,) $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions " for the Sioux of different tribes, includ-
ing Santee Sioux in the State of Nebraska,"
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 130.
to strike out lines twelve hundred and seventy-
eight, twelve hundred and seventy-nine, and
twelve hundred and eighty, as follows:
For second of three installments, for purchase of
seeds and implements to be furnished heads of fam-
ilies or lodges, (say $600,) $15,000. •
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen
hundred and nine, to reduce the appropriation
for transportation, and the necessary expenses
of delivering good to be purchased for the dif-
ferent bands of the Sioux Indians, under treaty
of April 29, 1868, from $150,000 to $125,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the S'Klallams, to strike out lines
thirteen hundred and seventy-six, thirteen
hundred and seventy-seven, and thirteen hun-
dred and seventy-eight, as follows:
For the purchase of iron, steel, and tools neces-
sary for blacksmith's shop, as per tenth article of
said treaty, $220
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen
hundred and seventy-nine, to strike out after
the word "blacksmith," the words "and as-
sistant;" and to strike out " same," after "as
per," and insert "tenth;" and strike out
"$1,100" and insert '*$720;" so that the
clause will read :
For pay of blacksmith, as per tenth article of same
treaty, $720.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the appropria-
tions for the Yakatna nation, line fifteen hun-
dred and thirty-six, to strike out "$1,400"
and insert $1,200 ;" so as to read :
For thirteenth of twenty installments, for the pay
of a physician, per fifth article treaty of June 9,
1855, $1,200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 64, line
fifteen hundred and fifty, under the head of
"general incidental expenses of the Indian
service," to reduce the appropriation for the
survey of Indian reserves, under treaty stipu-
lations, from $55,000 to $30,000.
A division was called for on the amend-
ment.
Mr. COLE. I will reserve the vote on that
until the Senate is fuller.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection it will be reserved. With the
consent of those opposed to the striking out,
this amendment will be reserved for the
present.
The Chief Clerk continued the reading of
the bill.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in line fifteen hundred and
sixty-five, to reduce from $75,000 to $70,000
the appropriation (or general incidental ex-
penses of the Indian service in the Territory
of Arizona.
Mr. HARLAN. I would observe to the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
that this is an increase over the appropriation
of last year, I understand, recommended by
the Department on account of their desire to
establish a school among these Indians. It is
only necessary on that account; and I there-
fore hope the Senator will not insist on striking
out $5,000 of the appropriation.
The amendmeut was rejected.
The next amendment was in lines sixteen
hundred and two and sixteen hundred and
three on page 66, to reduce from $25,000 to
$15,000 the appropriation for the general inci-
dental expenses of the Indian service in Mon-
tana Territory.
Mr. HARLAN. The Department have rec-
ommended the restoration of the sum named
by the House of Representatives. It is thought
they cannot very well get on with $15,000. I
hope, therefore, the amount fixed by the House
will not be reduced. A very large portion of
the Indians of the upper Missouri are in that
Territory.
Mr. COLE. I would not resist the applica-
tion to have that bill stand as it came from th.e
House of Representatives but for the fact
that in this bill for the Indians in Montana
very large appropriations have been made. Id
one case I see an item of $1,300,000.
Mr. HARLAN. If the attention of the
Committee on Appropriations was called to
that fact, and they proposed this reduction oh
account of the needed appropriation, being in
some other form, I shall not insist on oppos-
ing the amendment very strenuously.
Mr. COLE. There are so many specific ap-
propriations that we thought the item of gen-
eral incidental expenses might very properly
be reduced, the total amount being very large.
Mr. .HARLAN. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 68,
line sixteen hundred and fifty-six, under the
head of "Wyoming Territory," to strike out
" $15,000" and insert "$7,500," as the ap-
propriation "to carry out the action contem-
plated by the act of Congress approved May
5, 1864, entitled 'An act to vacate and sell the
present Indian reservation in Utah Territory,
and to settle.said Indians in Uintah valley.' "
Mr. HAULAN. Ihavegreatdoubt whether
the service can be performed for the amount
suggested by the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. COLE. So far as I am concerned, I
would be willing, , at the suggestion of the
Department, to snake the amount $10,000.
Mr. HAKLAN. Very well.
Mr. COLE. I see that this kind of appro-
priation has been continued for year after year
for the settlement of the Uintah valley, and it
seemed to the committee that it was pretty
nearly time these Indians were settled there.
This appropriation for that specific purpose
has continued from year to year during sev-
eral years.
Mr. HAELAN. I will acquiesce in that
modification, making the amount $10,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
to amend the amendment by making the
amount $10,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was in lines seventeen hun-
dred and seven and seventeen hundred and
eight, to strike out, after the word " funds, "
the words "heretofore and to be hereafter
incurred so as. to make the clause read:
For contingent expenses of trust funds, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to strike out the words from
lineseventecn hundred and twelve to seventeen
hundred and twenty-one, inclusive, and in lieu
thereof to insert:
Shall report thereon in detail at the next session
of Congress, showing the progress of such tribes re-
spectively toward civilization, with recommenda-
tions for such aid by furnishing animals and utensils
tor grazing and tarming as may appear useful.
So as to make the clause read:
It shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior
to make careful inquiry into the condition in point
of civilization of the several tribes mentioned in this
act, and shall report thereon in detail at the next
session of Congress, showing the progress of such
tribes respectively toward civilization, with recom-
mendations lor such aid by furnishing animals ana
utensils tor grazing and farming as may appear
useful.
Mr. HARLAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs propose to strike out the whole of that
clause and insert a substitute. I merely men-
tion that now that I may not be barred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on this amendment of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Committee on Appro-
