222
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
Senate.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Logan.
4'2d Cong....2d Sess.
by birth, and the only proof before the committee
of the naturalization of the said James Shields
in the United States is contained in the copy of a
certificate of naturalization in the circuit court of
Effingham county, in the said State of Illinois,
■which is annexed to and made part of this roport,
by which certificate it appears that the said James
Shields was admitted by said court a citizen of the
United States on the 21st day of October, 1840.
VThe committee therefore report the following
resolution: T A
"Resolved, That tho election of James Shields to
be a Senator of the United States was void, he not
having been a citizen of the United States the term
of years required as a qualification to be a Senator
of the United States.
"Mr. Calhoun submitted the subjoined amend-
ment ;
" lieaolved, That the election of James Shields to
be a Senator of the United States was void, he not
having: been a citizen of the United States the term
of years required as a qualification to be a Senator
of the United States at the commencement of the
term for which he was elected.
11 This was agreed to, March 15,1849. During the
contest Mr. Shields tendered his resignation. A
motion to accept his resignation was voted down—
yeas 12, nays 32. The committee's resolution, as
amended by Mr. Calhoun, was adopted without
division."
They would not receive his resignation, but
declared the election void, and then declared
the seat vacant. A man of great ability was
at that time the opponent of Mr. Shields,
and defeated by a small majority, yet he never
thought for one moment that he was elected
in place of Mr. Shields. Although the evi-
dence does not show the fact, it was known
in Illinois at the time of the election of Mr.
Shields that he had not been a citizen the
requisite number of years. He was elected
because of the fact that he was a soldier in the
Mexican war and became very popular. The
Senate did not pretend that anybody else was
entitled to the seat. The Senate declared the
seat vacant and the election void, and sent it
back to the Governor for a new election, which
did take place.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to call the
attention ofthe Senate to a point in this case
that is made in the report of the minority,
and certainly will be made in the argument—
that the votes cast for Mr. Vance, he being
ineligible, are the same as blank votes, that is
to say the votes cast for Vance were blank
votes and cannot be counted for any purpose
whatever, although they make part of the
record of election. I maintain that if these
votes were as blank votes, they making part
of the record of election, must be counted.
They would be votes east or thrown, under the
law, and for the purpose of ascertaining the
majority of all votes cast, as well as ascertain-
ing the quorum and the majority of the quo-
rum, the blanks cast would have to be counted
in this case.
What I desire to show is that these votes given
viva voce, under the statute, cannot be blank
votes, and that if even so regarded, the Senate
of the United Slates has passed upon such a
case and decided against the theory of not
counting such votes, as I shall show you in the
case of a contest for a seat in the Senate be-
tween Mr. Mallory and Mr. Yulee, of Florida,
August 21, 1852.
I will state the case. The only point that I
desire to make in reference to it is in regard
to blank votes. In that case, when the election
came off, Mr. Yulee received just one half of
the votes of the Legislature; the other half
were blanks. Hence, he claimed the election
inasmuch as twenty-nine votes were given for
him and twenty-nine votes were blanks.
He contended that he had a majority of all the
votes cast. But by a rule that had been
adopted in the Florida Legislature, which you
will find by reading the report, it was provided
that to do busiuess or elect, there should be
a majority of the whole vote. It is true, there
appeared to be some doubt in regard to this
resolution, but it was finally agreed by the
committee that it had been adopted, and was
in operation at the time of the election.
Hence, there was no majority. The vote was
equal, twenty nine on one side and twenty-
nine on the other.
Mr. CAliPBNTER. If my friend will allow
me, because that is an important point, I will
read the resolution, as I have it here:
"Remitted, That a majority of nil the members-
elect composing tho two houses of General Assembly
shall be necessary to determine all elections devolv-
ing upon that body."
That settled the question.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well. That Is the point,
and the Senator will find it is exactly the
point I make in this case. A majority of all
the. votes was necessary; that is, of all the
members-elect, presuming they were all voting.
I do not know whether they were or not; but
say that they were. It was a tie vote between
Mr. Yulee and Mr. Blank. Mr. Yulee claimed
that he was elected because nobody else was
voted for; that these blank votes were all
thrown away, and therefore he was entitled to
the election; but the Senate of the United
States decided that he was not entitled to the
election. The Legislature met afterward and
elected a man by the name of Mallory, and
the Senate gave the seat to Mr. Mallory. What
did the committee say in their report? After
going through the facts in the case as I have
stated them, they say:
"If blank votes are beyond doubt a nullity; if
the resolution is to be regarded of no effect, and we
are brought to the question, under these circum-
stances, whether Mr. Yulee is duly elected, it seems
to us .difficult to maintain the affirmative of that
proposition upon the tacts before us. If the mem-
bers were misled on both of these material points by
assuming that their previous doings afforded safe
and certain rulesof action, then they were misguided
by what they had a risrht to consider as authority"—
They were referring to this resolution. Those
who cast blank votes understood that their
blank votes would not be set aside as nullities
because the candidate had to have a majority
anyhow to be elected. I suppose that they
had counted noses and saw that it was an even
vote. Therefore they were not afraid to cast
a blank vote. But the report goes on to say :
" and must have acted under a misconception of
right which stood, as they supposed, unquestioned.
If this be so they stand substantially in the condi-
tion of an elector who votes for a person disqualified
believing him to be qualified. The vote in such a
case, though unavailing, is not rejected from the
count."
Now, the point I wish to make here is this,
and I desire to call the attention of the Senate
to it in particular: by the act of June, 1868,
certain persons were relieved from their dis-
abilities. Now, admitting that the Senator
from Wisconsin is correct that the vote of the
members of the Legislature of North Carolina,
if they voted with notice for an ineligible per-
son should be counted as nullities, taking that
for granted, let us see what the construction
of the legislation of Congress has been of this
constitutional provision. Let us see how it
applies to this case. In this very State of
North Caroliua, when the two Senators, the one
who now occupies a seat and the one who now
claims a seat, were elected to this body, I be-
lieve the Governor, the Lieutenant Governor,
the judges of the supreme court, the judges
of the State courts, the members of the Legis-
lature, the sheriffs, were many of them ineli-
gible to hold office by reason of having been
engaged in the rebellion, and by reason of
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution
of the United States. After they had been
elected to these different offices—I do not know
upon whose motion it was—was it upon yours,
Mr. Senator? [addressing Mr. Pool]—their
disabilities were removed.
Mr. POOL. It was before I came into the
Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. As I have said, after their
election, the Governor, Lieutenant Governor,
members of the Legislature, judges of the
courts, being disqualified, came before the
Congress of the United States with ther cer-
tificates in their hands, and the Congress of
the United States relieved them of their dis-
abilities and put them in office. Now, I ask
Senators, if the Constitution of the United
States makes an election of any person labor-
ing under the disabilities of the fourteenth
amendment absolutely void, did not the Con-
gress of, the United States elect the Governor,
the members of the Legislature, and the judges
of North Carolina in thU case ?
Congress did thjg. I have the statute here,
and I will read it if necessary. They relieved
every officer in North Carolina; they relieved
the very Legislature that elected the Senators
who came here from their disabilities after
they had been elected. _ The Legislature that
elected Mr. Vance, having before ihem the law
of Congress which thus construes the fourteenth
article of the Constitution, giving them offices
after they had been elected and removing their
disabilities, is it not reasonable to presume
that the Legislature of North Carolina when
they elected Mr. Vance supposed that that con-
struction had been given by Congress in good
faith, and that his disabilities would be removed
also? Will any Senator maintain that they
elected him from sheer obstinacy ; that they did
it iotentionally to violate the law; that they did
it to insult Congress, when they had the law
of Congress betore them showing that Con-
gress had relieved every man in the State who
had been elected to office from his disabilities
after his election? Congress went further at
thistime; notoulydid they relieve those who
had been elected in North Carolina, but in
Alabama, Arkansas, and South Carolina, and
gave them permission thereby to hold the offices
to which they had been elected, and for fear
they had missed some persons elected in the
State of Alabama, I hey provided further that
all persons holding offices who were not enumer-
ated should be relieved without naming them.
Will any man maintain before this honor-
able Senate that with a construction of that
kind having been given to the constitutional
amendment, the people who elected Mr. Vance
here did not have a right to presume that if
he was elected to the Senate of the United
States Congress would relieve him of his dis-
abilities and give him his seat in the Sen-
ate of the United States, as they had given a
seat to their Governor and to other officers
after they had been elected? Will any man
maintain that they did it contumaciously and
with intent to throw back in the face of the
Senate an insult? Taking for granted that
the law is correctly stated, although I do not
admit it, but for the sake of the argument, if
that is true, these facts are sufficient to take
it away from the criminal intent, or the wrong
intent that must exist if the votes are declared
nullities.
Now, Mr. President, to show you the feeling
in North Carolina, and to show you that the
members of the Legislature did not intend to
insult Congress, did not act contumaciously,
did not act obstinately, did not act in violation
of the law knowingly, did not act criminally,
in other words, wrongfully under the law, but
were deceived by what we had ourselves done,
I wish to call the attention of the Senator from
North Carolina to the deception that was
palmed off upon him, arid if I am mistaken,
as a matter of course he will correct me. But
understanding that he intends to advocate the
claim of Mr. Abbott to a seat in the Senate, is
it not reasonable to presume—if the Senator
from. North Carolina himself was deceived, if
he believed that this construction was accord-
ing to the law—that these members of the
Legislature had the same right to receive and
accept that construction that had been given
by the Senate and by the Congress of the
United States as he had ? I will read a letter
from the Senator from North Carolina on this
