2066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
?nations are through with t.heir amendments,
will propose some from the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. There was
one amendment of the Committee on Appro-
priations passed over. Isit the pleasure of the
Senate to act upon it now?
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator can renew
that in the Senate.
Mr. COLE. It was to be renewed in the
Senate, as I understood.
Mr. HARLAN. That amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the amendment alluded will
be regarded as rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Cali-
fornia can ask for a separate vote in the Senate.
Mr. COLE. That was the amendment in
reference to surveying.
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. I ask that that be reserved.
" The PRESIDING OFFICER. The chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations re-
serves the right of renewing it in the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir. 1 do not know what
amendments may be rendered -necessary by
others adopted on the motion ofthe chairman
of tiie Committee on Indian Affairs. Quite a
number of amendments to be proposed by him
have been submitted to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and have received, some of them,
the attention of the Committee on Appropri-
ations. I suppose all of them have. It may
be that if those amendments, or some of them,
are adopted, other amendments on the part of
the committee may be rendered necessary. If
there are any other'amendments, however, I
will state, proposed by the Committee on Ap-
propriations, they will in all probability be in
the line of economy for the reduction of some
of the larger sums that have been provided
for in this bill as passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives. I will not offer any amendments
at this time, but give notice that I reserve the
right to move amendments before the bill is
finally reported to the Senate if they are ren-
dered necessary by amendments proposed by
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BLAIR. I offer an amendment to
come in on line 
Mr. HARLAN. If it would suit the con-
venience of the Senator from Missouri just as
well, I would observe that it has been custom-
ary heretofore, after the amendments proposed
by the Committee on Appropriations have
been disposed of, to permit the Committee on
Indian Affairs to offer the amendments they
have agreed to recommend.
Mr. BLAIR. Well, sir, I am perfectly will-
ing to yield to the suggestion of the Senator
from Iowa. I withdraw my amendment for
tho time.
Mr. HARLAN. Now I propose the amend-
ments of the Committee on Indian Affairs
in the order in which they stand in the printed
amendments. I believe the Secretary has a
copy. The first one proposes to strike out
all of the bill from line fourteen to fifty-
nine, inclusive, and to insert the printed mat-
ter. I believe the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations has no objection to
this amendment. 1 might observe here that
this merely simplifies tho recitation of the
agents engaged in the Indian service, indi-
cating the Indian tribe where they are serving
by the name of the tribe and the name of the
agency.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment pro-
poses to strike out from line fourteen to line
fifty nine, inclusive, of the bill, and in lieu of
the woids thus stricken oat to insert:
For pay of sixty-eight agents of Indian affairs,
namely
Five tor the tribes in Oregon, namely, Warm
Springs, Klamath, Grand Ronde, Siletz, and Uma-
tilla agencies;
Three lor the tribes in Washington Territory,
namely, Neah Bay, Yakama, and S'Kokomish
agencies: .
Three for the tribes m California, namely, Hoopa
Valley, Bound Valley, and Tule River agencies;
Two for the tribes in Nevada, namely, Pi-ute and
Walker River, and Pyramid Lake agencies;
Two for the tribes in Idaho, namely, Nez Perce
and Fort Hall igencies:
Four for the tribes in Montana, namely, ilat
Heads, Blackfeet, Crow, and Milk River agencies;
Nine forthe tribes in Dakota,namely. Whetstone,
Yankton, Ponoa, Upper Missouri, Grand River,
CheyenneRiver. FortBerthold, Sisseton, and Devil s
Lake agencies; . .
Two tor the tribes in Wyoming, namely, Red
Cloud, Shoshone, and B mnock agencies :
' One for the tribes in Utah, namely, Uintah Val-
ley agency; ... , ,,, ■
Six for the tribes in New Mexico, namely, Albi-
quin, Navajo, Cimmaron, Mesealero Apache,South-
ern Apache, and Pueblo agencies;
Two for the tribes in Colorado, namely, Los Finos
and White River agencies ;
Six for the tribes in Nebraska, namely, Great
Nemaha, Omaha, Winnebago, Pawnee, Otoe, and
Santee agencies; .
Three for tho tribes in Kansas, namely. Pottawat-
omie, Kaw or Kansas, and Kiekapoo agencies;
Ten for the tribes in the Indian Territory, namely,
Sac and Fox, Quapaw, Neosho, Kiowa and Co-
manche. Upper Arkansas, Wichita, Cherokee, Creek,
Chocta.w and Chickasaw, and Seminole agencies;
One for the tribes in Minnesota, namely, Chip-
pewa agency;
One lor the tribes in Iowa, namely, Sac and Jbox
of iowa agency;
Two for the tribes in Wisconsin, namely, Green
Bay and La Pointe a gencies;
One for the tribes in Michigan, namely, Mackinac
agency;
One for the New York Indians, namely, New
York agency;
Four for the tribes in Arizona, namely, Papago,
Colorado River, Pima and Maricopa, and Moquis
Pueblo agencies, $102,000: Provided, That it snail
be the duty of the President to dispense with the
services of such Indian agents and superintendents
herein mentioned as may be practicable; and where
it is practicable he shall require the same person to
perform tho duties of two agencies or superintend-
encies for one salary.
For pay of special agent for the Goship Western
and Northwestern bands of Shoshones, in western
Utah and eastern Nevada. $1,500.
For three sub-agents, one for the tribes in Oregon,
namely, Alsea sub-agency; and two for the tribes
in Washington Territory, namely, Tulalip and Qui-
naielt sub-agencies, $3,000.
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire of the
Committee on Indian Affairs if this increases
the amount of the expense or increases the
actual number of the officers.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it does not in-
crease tho number of the officers at all. It
changes the character of three or four of them.
Where sub-agents or special agents are now
in service they are put in the regular list of
agencies. I think the aggregate amount of
appropriation may be slightly increased, pos-
sibly, but the increase is very trivial. I ought
to say, perhaps, that this list was made out
in this form, by request of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, at the Department, in order to
simplify the statements of the agents and to
enable us to understand where their service is.
Mr. COLE. I approve fully of the general
object of the amendment, which is to make
the appropriations more specific, naming the
tribes and reservations where the service is to
be rendered and the State or Territory in
which the service is to be rendered. It is
certainly a very commendable object.
Mr. HARLAN. I am informed now that
the number of agents is one less and the num-
ber of sub-agents two less, but the character
of some two or three of the agencies has been
changed.
Mr. COLE. From the hasty examination I
made of it I came to the conclusion that it
did not increase the cost of the service northe
number of agents necessary.
Mr. HARLAN. The amount, I understand,
is slightly less. I was mistaken before in that
respect.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. There is one amendment
recommended by the Department, not in the
printed amendments, to come in on page 53, in
the caption at the close of line twelve hundred
and seventy-seven, inserting "and Poncas on
the Great Sioux reservation." They are living
on that reservation and are not sufficiently
provided for. This does not increase the ap-
propriation atall, but will enable the Depart-
ment to apply to them some portion of that
appropriation if they find it necessary.
"Mr. COLE. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. Another verbal amend-
ment should be submitted on page 58, in line
fourteen hundred and twelve, after the word
"Interior" to insert " with the approval of the
President.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. The next amendment will
be foundon the printed list of the amendments,
page 4, after line fifteen hundred and fifty, to
insert the following:
For the surveys of exterior boundaries of Indian
reservations, and subdividing portions of the same,
$300,000.
Mr. COLE. I should like some statement
or explanation of the necessity for that. I am
certainly very much opposed to it, and am
ready to state some reasons why I am opposed
to it.
Mr. HARLAN. This is recommended by
the Department. I have a long report here
made out by the Secretary of the Interior,
indicating the particular places where the sur-
veys are desired. A large part of this money
will, doubtless, be applied in the subdivision
of Indian reservations south of Kansas.
Mr. POMEROY. Is this for surveying? Is
it to pay for what has alteady been done there
this year?
Mr. HARLAN. No; for new surveys in
the Indian territory. A large portion of it,
I have no doubt, will be applied in the Indian
territory for the subdivision of lands.
Mr. POMEROY. There has been a large
amount of surveying done there. I do not
know but that it was appropriated for last
year; perhaps it was.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator from Cali-
fornia desires to have it read I will send to the
Secretary's desk the report of the Depart-
ment.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
A detailed statement of all the surveys of Indian
reserves that yet remain to be executed, accompany-
ing report to Secretary, February 17, 1872.
For thesurvey of reservations in tho State of Oregon,
set apart respectively under treaty ol June y. 185o,
June 25, 1855, January 22, 1855, August 11,1855, and
October 14,1861  $10,000
For the survey of reservations in Arizona
Territory, set apart under acts of Congress
1859 and 1865. and by executive authority... 10,000
For tne subdivision of the Truckee River or
Pyramid Lake, and the.Walker River reser-
vations in Nevada, established by author-
ity of the Department  10,000
For the survey of the Uintah Valleyreserva-
tion m Utah Territory, established by act
of Congress, May 5, 1854, (Statutes, vol.
13, page. 63.)  20,000
For the survey of the reservation tor the
Sisseton, Wahpeton, and Cuthead bands of
Sioux Indians, at Devil's lake, in Dakota
Territory, set apart under treaty of Febru-
ary 19, 1867, (Statutes-at-Large. vol. 15,
page. 505,)  9,000
For the survey of the boundaries of the
reservation for Arickaree, Gros Ventre, and
Mandan Indians, in Dakota Territory, set
apart by executive order, dated April 12,
1870  10,000
For the survey of the exterior lines of the
reservation and subdividing part of same
set apart for the Bruios, Ogallalah, Minne-
conjoux, Yanctonnai, Onepapa, Blackfeet,
Cuthead, Two Kettle, Sans Arc, and Santee
bands of Sioux in Dakota, under treaty
of April 29,1868, (Statutes-at-Large vol. 15,
page 635)  50,000
lor the survey of the Cceur d'Alene reserva-
tion in Idaho Territory, setapart by execu-
tive order, dated June 14, 1867  10,000
lor the survey of the reservation for the
Pend d'Oreiile, Flathead, and Koontenay
Indians in Montana Territory, sot apart
under treaty of July 16,1855, (Statutes-at-
Large, vol. 12, page 975)  10,000
For the survey and subdivision of the Mount-
am Crow Indian reservation m Montana
territory, set apart under treaty of May
7,1868, (Statutes-at-Large. vol.15, page (Mil) 20,000
i or the survoy_of the reservation of the Bast-
ern bands of Sho/lionox and Bannocks in
Wyoming Territory, set. apart under treaty
ol July 3, 1868, (Statutes-at-Large, vol. 15.
page 6;3)  20,000
Amount carried forward .....$179,000
