2962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
Two years ago it was reduced to $1,000 by
the action of Congress.
Mr. POMEROX". What does he have to
do?
Mr. CRAGIN. He acts as clerk to the
receiver and inspector of stores. I know
about the matter there myself personally, and
I think $1,200 is no more than the salary
should be. liven that is a reduction of $300
from the former salary.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Where is that?
Mr. CRAGIN. At the Portsmouth navy-
yard.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Have you any recom-
mendation from the Secretary for that?
Mr. CRAGIN. I have not,.
Mr. EDMUNDS. All offices of that, char-
acter ought to be abolished entirely.
Mr. COLE. This service can really be per-
formed by an enlisted man. The officer is
called "writer to the receiver and inspector
of stores.''
I suppose $1,000 will pay for services ade-
quate to that duty, and 1 suppose there is no
occasion for raising this salary any more than
the one we have just, voted upon.
Mr. CRAGIN. These are the only amend-
ments that the committee have recommended
for increasing salaries. As I have stated
before, this salary two years ago was $1,500.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CRAGIN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For experiments to determine if the present
smooth bore suns of the Navy may not bo advanta-
geously converted into rifles, $-10,000; this amount
to cover ail the cost, of suns, carriages, projectiles,
iron plates tor targets, and powder necessary to
malce the experiments.
I send to the Chair the recommendation of
the Department, which I ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Navy Department,
Washington, 1). O., Aprit -t, 1872.
Sin: 1 have tho honor to recommend that an
amendment be inserti-d m the bill making appro-
priations for tho nav.il service for the next fiscal
year, appropriating$40,01)0 lo enable the Department
to purehaso two special, largo, trial guns, and to
oonduct a series of experiments tor tho purpose of
determining pt action !ly whether the present smooth-
bore (,'Uns ot the Navy can bo mero,u:cd in oll'uiioney
mid strength by rifling, and by tho use of a new pro-
jectile, \yit,h a view ot obtaining more reliable en-
durance, longer range, bcttm precision, and a greater
power of ponotratmtr iron platmu.
A plan toi tins purpose has been laid before the
Department, which is claimed to possess such merit
that, it is deemed desirable to submit it to a full and
oomploto comparative test.
The sum named is, by tho terms of tho proposal, to
cover the eatiiecostol the two now fifteen-inch i^nns
Bocessary—one of them to be rilled—together with
all the projectiles, powder, iron plates lor targets,
carriages, and appliances required (or tho entiro test.
Tho proposod expendit ill e is much below the usual
coat attending similar experiments, and may result
in enabling as to improve and utilize such of our
present stock of guns as we may wish at a trifling
outlay per gun.
The importance of obtaining for the Navy large
rifled guns of great power and certain endurance is
believed to tally warrant the .Department m asking
for the appiopriation hciein recommended.
Iam, sir, very respcetiully, your obedient, servant,
GEO. M. ROBESON,
.SW'fetari/ of the Navy.
Hon. James A. Garfield, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations Uouic of Represcnttdivee.
Office of the Admiral,
"Washington, D. <J., April 6, 1872.
Sir: Tho attention of officers in the Navy is at
present drawn to the plan ot Mr. Norman Wiard for
converting our heavy smooth-bores into rilled guns
at, an expense so moderate for each gun that the
Navyoan be placed in ainuoh more efficient position
than it has been for a long time past, and with a
f uture prospect of at least being able to compete with
the navies of some of the smaller Powers.
Mr. Wiard telis me that, he is in hopes that an
appropriation of $40,000 will bo made to carry on
experiments with his filteen-inch guus, and I sin-
cerely trust that Congress will grant the means
necessary to carry out these most, important experi-
ments, which, it they succeed, as I am quite san-
guine will be the ease, will save mill ions to tho coun-
try hereafter. Should the plan prove successful, we
shall have what no other nation possesses, a com-
bined rifle and smooth-bore gun.
Should the guns fail in the experiment, we should
Still derive important information from the trial.
and shall not have expended one tenth of the a mount
annually appropriated by the English and French
Governments in trials of ordnance.
Hoping that you will give your hearty support to
this important matter, I remain, very respectfully,
yours, _
DAVID D. PORTER, Admiral.
Hon. Jamks A. Garfield, Chairman Committee on
Appropriations, House of Representatives.
Mr. CRAGIN. This sum will not begin to
cover the cost to the inventor, Mr. Wiard.
He furnishes all the necessary apparatus for
this trial. He expects to use two hundied
thousand pounds of powder, which, at a cost
of twenty five cents a pound, will amount to
$50,000, more than the whole of this appropri-
ation. The officers in the Bureau of Ordnance
and the Department are very sanguine in rela-
tion to this experiment. If it is a successful
one, it will be one in the interest of economy,
very much so, for the Navy Department have
a large number of smooth-bore guns which
can be converted into rifles by this process, if
the experiment is a successful one, at very
small cost.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I understood the
letter that was read, it was stated that if this
was a successful experiment it would enable
us to have a navy that would be able to com-
pete with the navies of some of the smaller
Powers. I should like to get a navy that
would enable us to compete with the navies
of the larger Powers, because we are as
likely to get into a difficulty with some of
tlit* larger as the smaller Powers.
Mr. ANTHONY. I can tell the Senator
what it will cost. It will cost what Congress
constantly refuses to appropriate. The reason
we have not. a proper and efficient navy is
because Congress refuses to appropriate money
for it. You cannot have a navy without pay-
ing for it
Mr. TRUMBULL. After that statement
of the Senator from Rhode Island, who I
know is posted, I should like to inquire of
him how many million dollars we have
appropriated since the war closed in 1865
for the Navy? 1 should like to k iow whether
it is one or two hundred million dollars, and
if it is $'200,000,000, 1 shouid like to know
why we have not got a navy?
Mr. ANIHONY. We have appropriated
money to keep the Navy afloat.
Mr. T HUM BULL. How much?
Mr. ANTHONY. I have not the figures
before me. We have appropriated money to
pay the men and the officers, to pay for pro-
visions, and for such armament as has been
necessary. We have appropriated almost lit-
erally nothing for increasing the Navy. We
had a navy that answered very well the pur-
poses of the war of the rebellion because we
had no efficient navy to cope with; but if we
should measure our Navy against the navy of
some foreign Power that had the means of put-
ting on foot an efficient navy, we should find
we had lost, very much by our niggardly policy,
in which, 1 am sorry to say, my friend from
Illinois has cooperated. We have tried here
time after time to get appropriations through
that are recommended by the Secretary, that
are recommended by the Admiral, that are
recommended by all those persons who under-
stand the Navy, who are best acquainted with
the Navy, the men to whom we have intrusted
the administration of the Navy, appropriations
for experiments and for construction, and they
have been voted down continually in Congress.
If the time should ever come when the policy
which we have pursued toward the Navy is
brought to a hostile test, I think the American
people will hold us responsible for the nig-
gardly policy which we have pursued. 1 be-
lieve now that the best economy, the best thing
for peace would be to vote very much more
liberal appropriations for the Navy than have
been asked for.
Why, sir, we have vessels afloat now that
were built forty years ago, and that are good
apparently, so far as their endurance is con-
cerned—of course their construction is infe-
rior—for forty years to come. Nearly every
vessel that we built during the war is good for
nothing. The reason is that at the beginning
of the war we had no materials to build ves-
sels with, and could not obtain them ; and
there could not be to-day a more economical
thing than for this Government to appropriate
S3,000,000 for the purchase of live-oak limber
to be put in store and preserved for the con-
struction of vessels whenever we shall build
them. To plate iron upon greeo timber, as
we were obliged to do duiing the war for the
suppression of the rebellion, is just to build
vessels to last two or three years.^ When the
Dunderberg was sold to France, if the French
Government had not laid out more thaa a
million dollars upon her, the wood in her
would not have been fit for tooth-picks by this
time; it was in a decaying condition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sorry that the
Senator from Rhode Island, who takes such
an interest in the Navy, is not able to give
us some of the figures in rega>d to the navy.
He speaks of our niggardly policy, but is not
able lo tell us wnether $100,000,000 or
S200 000,000 have been expended upon the
Navy since the close of the war. He tells us
that money has been sppnt to pay the officers
and for supplies. But, Mr. President, millions
and tens ot millions of dollars have been ap-
propriated and used by the Navy Department
since the close of the war for no such purpos#
as paying the men and buying provisions,
and what have we got to show for it?
The Senator from Rhode Island wants more
experiments tried. Do you want another ex-
periment like that of the Tennessee? That
was one of the experiments, was it? How
much did the machinery put into the Tennes-
see cost? I think something less thaua million
dollars.
Mr. ANTHONY. Who put it in?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was done under the
direction of the Navy Department, and I
understand that that which cost more than
half a million dollars sold for old iron at
perhaps thnty or forty thousand dollars. There
is one of the experiments. The Senator from
Rhode Island wants to repeat, them, and com-
plains of our niggardly policy, and cannot tell
us within $50,000,000 to-day how much money
the Navy Department has had since the close
of the war.
lie complains of the vessels built during the
war. What has been done with the tens of
millions that have been appropriated to the
Navy since the war? What is there to ahow
for it? Old iron taken out of vessels that you
appropriated more than half a million dollars
for. I think, instead of talking about the nig-
gardly policy that has been pursued toward
the Navy Department, the Senator from Rhode
Island should tell what hu.a become of the
millions of money that have been appropriated
tor that Department, if we have got no Navy
now. as he says.
Mr. HAMLIN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask hmi a ques'iou?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is very easy to make
broad, unsupported declarations here. I will
thank the Senator, and the country will thank
the Senator when he will point out where tens
of millions have been appropriated for the
Navy out&ide of its ordinary equipment and
maintenance since the war. I stand here to
say that it has not been done.
Mr. TiiUMBULL. I do not know what
the Senator calls 44ordinary equipment.'' f
undertake to say that more thaa ten million
dollars and more than twenry million dollars
have been^ appropriated to the Navy that was
not used for the payment of the men or the
ordinary supplies of the Navy.
Mr. HAMLIN. Show your figures, and dc
not ask us to take your word lor it.
Mr. TiiUMBULL. If the Senator is ad*
