274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
Mr. SUMNER. Let uie say that two thirds
will not go in favor of my amendment if the
Senator from South Carolina can influence
their votes.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not understand the
Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says that two
thirds of Congress would go against this bill
if my amendment were put upon it; that it
would not carry two thirds of the Senate. If
it does not carry two thirds of the Souate it is
because the friends of amuesty follow the lead
of the Senator and vote against my proposition.
Now I entreat the Senator to reconsider his
position. Let him rally his friends and all the
friends of amnesty to do justice to the colored
race.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ The hour
of four o'clock has arrived, and it becomes
the duty of the Chair to remind the Senate
that by unanimous assent it was agreed yester-
day that at this hour general debate should
cease and voting commence on the amend-
ments.
Several Senators. Question! Question!
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand
as the judgment of the Senate upon the point
of order raised on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts?
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. CONKLING called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to state that the
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] has
paired with the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Chandler.] The Senator from New Jersey,
if he were here, would vote "nay," and the
Senator from Michigan would vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2S, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham. Caldwell, Carpenter, Clayton,
Oonklinr, Edmund*. Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Terry of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen,Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Fool, Pratt,
Ramsey, Sherman, Spencer, Sumner, West, Wilson,
and Windom—28.
NAYS—Jlessrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis otKentucky. Davisof West Virginia, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamlin. Hill, Hitchcock, John-
ston, Kelly, Lewis. Morrill of Maine, Norwood,
Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Seott, Ste-
venson, Stewart, Tiiurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and
Vickers—26.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole, Corbett, Cragin, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Harlan, Howe, Kellogg, Logan, Osborn, Patterson,
Sehurz, Sprague. Stockton, and Wright—18.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now recurs on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to perfect the amend-
ment before it is voted on by introducing in
line eleven of its first section, after the word
"supported" the words "by moneys derived
froin general taxation so that the clause will
read:
That there shall be no distinction by trustees,
commissioners, superintendents, teachers, or other
officers of common schools, and other public insti-
tutions of learning, the same being supported by
moneys derived from general taxation or authorized
by law.
I wish to have those words inserted after the j
word " supported." I suppose that will be done '
as a matter of course.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That modi-
fication will be made.
Mr. SUMNER. Nov;, Mr. President, I
hope there will be no question about adopting
this amendment.
Several Senators. It is after four o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I believe I have the right
to occupy five minutes. lam going to be gen-
erous as the two thirds propose to be to the
former rebels; I shall not occupy five minutes.
But I will ask onco more my friends over the
way, who insist upon amnesty, to unite with
me now in justice to the colored race. Let
us do this work all at once. I wish to have
the pleasure of voting for this bill. I wish to
unite with the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Au'onx] in the generosity that hs proposes;
but I do implore him to unite with me in jus-
tice to his own constituents. Treat tho two
together; put them both in the same bill; pass
them by a two-thirds vote, and let tho country
see how grandly unanimous we are in an act
which is at once generous and just, full of
generosity, the noblest generosity, the grand-
est magnanimity in human history, and full
also of simple justice.
I stand hero to plead for justice. " Others
may plead for generosity; I ask you to be just.
Is there anything in my amendment that does
not contemplate justice? Is there anything
that the Senator from Mississippi can properly
oppose? I know there is not. Then I ask him
to unite with me in making it the law. Let
him bring down upon his head blessings with-
out number by lending his influence at this
early stage of service in this Chamber in favor
of a measure of such transcendent importance.
Why, sir, as he returns to his own State, he
will have following him not only the thanks of
the former rebels who have been amnestied
through his exertions, but the benedictions of
the slave. Sir, that ought to count; I hope
that the Senator will not lose the opportunity.
Mr. ALCORN. I desire to sayasingleword.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must remind the Senator that by the rule
adopted yesterday five minutes were to be
allowed only to the proposer of an amendment.
Mr. ALCORN. I do not propose to occupy
that much time.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the rule?
Mr. STEWART. Five minutes for explan-
ation of an amendment by the mover.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule
adopted yesterday was that any Senator pro-
posing an amendment should have five minutes
to explain it; but that there should be no fur-
ther debate.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator from
Mississippi will be allowed to take it out of my
time. I did not speak five minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can
only be done by unanimous consent. The Chair
has no right to portion out the time of Sen-
ators. This is a rule for Senators themselves
to observe; the Chair has no power to enforce
it. The question ia on the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and naya were ordered.
Mr. VICKERS. The Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Harlan] desired me to pair off with him,
as he had business to transact at the Interior
Department. If he were here he would vote
"yea" and I should vote " nay.'1 I therefore
decline to vote.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to state that the
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Stocktos] is
paired with the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Chaxdlek.] The Senator from New Jersey,
if present, would vote " nay," and the Senator
from Michigan would vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Clayton, Conkling,
Corbett, Edmund«, Ferry of Michigan. FHnasran,
1 relinsrhuysen.^Mamlin, Kellos™. Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pomaroy.Pratt. Ram-
sey, Hice,Sherman, Spencer, Sumner, West, Wilson,
and Windom—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard. Blair, Boreman,
Casserly, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston,Kelly,Lewis,
Logan. Morrill ofMaine, Norwood. Pool, Robertson,
Saulsbury.Sawyer,Sehurz, Scott, Stevenson,Stewart,
Thurman, Tipton, and Trumbull—30.
ABSENT—Messrs.CnmeroD.Chnndler.Cole.Cragm,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Howe. Osboro,
Sprague, Stockion, Vickers, and Wright—13.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I propose an amendment
which I trust the friends of the bill will agree
to, because it is perfectly germane and is for
the purpose of peifect'iig liie bill. I move to
amend the bill in section one, Ike twelve, by
stiiking out the word "the" after the word
"of" and before tho word 11 Congress;" and
inserting the word "any;" and then by insert-
ing after the word "States" in the same line
the words "after the thirly-fiuhand by
striking out iti the thirteenth line the words
"withdrew therefrom;" so that that clause of
exception will read;
First. Members of any Congress of the United
States after the Thirty-lifth who aided the itbel-
lion.
The Thirty-Fifth Congress ended on the 3d
of March, Itjoii, so 'hat the Thirty-Sixth Con-
gress and those succeeding it were those in
which this conspiracy of rebellion was con-
cocted and out of which some gentlemen with-
drew, feeling it a matter of honor the moment
they had made up their mind to make war on
the country to go away, which I can appreciate.
Others, being equnlly traitorous and equally
base, or more so, staid here, causing all the
trouble and getting all the information they
could and drawing their pay until their term
expired on the 4th of March, 18G1.
Now, I think it not unfair to ask the friends
of this measure to allow that class of people,
one and all, to stay out of this general bill,
and then, if in respect to any one of them
there is a special reason why he should be
relieved, we can pass a bill for his benefit.
The effect of my amendment simply is, there-
fore, instead of using the words "withdrew
therefrom," that are in the bill applied to those
Congresses, which would only apply to those
who actually vacated their seats before their
term expired, who were really the best clas3
of rebels, to include those who staid here,
acting the part of spies and traitors together,
and taking the money of the United States to
aid the rebellion, until the 4th of March. 3 SCI.
I hope, therefore, that this amendment will be
agreed to without opposition.
The PRESIDENTprotcmpore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to know what the
understanding is as to debate. I certainly
misunderstood it. Is it the understanding that
a member may make a speech here, and that
there is to be no reply to it at all?
The PRESIDENT pro tempbre. It is.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not so under-
stand it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And I did not.
Mr. MORTON. I understood that each
Senator would have a right to speak for five
minutes.
Mr. THURMAN. I thought everybody was
allowed to speak five minutes ; otherwise it
operates most unfairly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the Globe be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will read the agreement as reported in
the Globe. The Senate will put its own inter-
pretation upon it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows from tho
proceedings of yesterday:
" The Presidixq Officer. Ts the general assent
of the Senate given to the propsr^ition of tho Sena-
tor from Ohio, thut at four o'clock to-morrow fren-
eral debate shall cease on this bill and voting *haif
commence on the amendments ?
" Mr. Ebmcsds. With five minutes explanation
by those who offer amendments 1 will agree to it.
" Mr. Sherman. The ordinary five-minutes de-
bate.
"Mr. Robertson*. That is, to those who offer
amendments, but to none others.
"The Phesiihso 0 -icer. TheChair llien under-
stands that that is tho general assentof the Senate."
Mr. CONKLING. Is there not a prece ling
refeience in regard to this? I retni-mber
asking a question myself of the Chair and
receiving an answer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
something after that; but this is where tho
agreement took place. There was some further
colloquy not relating to that. Tho Secretary
will read what further relates to it.
The Chief Ulerk read as follows :
"Too 1'tttoimiOmens. Is thereany objection
t« t. iir oVl H-k?
" .Mr. f\t.n\uno, Forwhat tmrpo;-e?
" The OfKirhit. Tmtr debate shall een^c
at four o'clock, and thou that thoro shall bo only
