1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1171
New York to-day is, I believe, in respect of
the numbers of its German population, the
third German city in the world, and in respect
of its Irish population a first-class Irish city
also. Those are the two nationalities with
which we have most to do, with which, because
of the great emigration from those countries
to ours and our large commercial intercourse,
cur relations are most intimate. For this rea-
son we have first-class missions to those coun-
tries. Russia, although she is a great country,
is geographically remote, and the business and
intercommunication of our people with hers is
of minor importance, and no necessity for a
first-class mission there has heretofore been
considered as existing.
Now, sir, what has occurred within the last
year that should change the policy of the Gov-
ernment in respect to this mission to Russia?
We are told that Russia is our friend, and that
we owe her the advancement of the grade of
this mission by way of compliment. Is she
more our friend to-day, sir, than she has been
at any time during the past ten years ? Has
anything occurred within the last twelve
months to induce us to make this special con-
cession to Russia now by way of compliment,
as it is called? Surely nothing. I agree that
the conduct of Russia toward the United States
has been friendly. The position of that coun-
try and this is such as to make their conduct
toward each other naturally friendly. It is
very difficult for a country situated like the
United States, and having such interests as
we have, to have difficulties with a country
situated like Russia, and having such interests
as Russia has. Could this Government well
get into a quarrel with Iceland or Patagonia?
Sir, we need, as it seems to me, the best diplo-
matic representation exactly where we are
most likely to have international difficulties,
and not where they are least likely to occur.
And then, so far as compliment is concerned,
it seems to me, of all times in the world, this
is the very time when we ought not to volun-
leer any action Of a complimentary character
in respect of Russia. There have been, as is
well known, certain difficulties and differences
between the United States and the Govern-
ment of Russia in respect to the late embassa-
dor from that country. I know nothing about
the details of this controversy, or at least 1
have no more knowledge in respect of them
than has been made public, or than any other
gentleman in the House may have ; but what
1 do know is, that that branch of the Govern-
ment of this nation to which has been intrusted
by the people the charge of its foreign inter-
course—the executive branch of this Govern-
ment—has been dissatisfied with the conduct
of the Russian Government and the Russian
embassador, and have rebuked both. Since
that is so, unless we are prepared to assert
that our Government has behaved wrongfully
in this matter and intend to rebuke it. we ought
not now, of all times in the world, to adopt
complimentary measures to Russia which can-
not but reflect most severely on the action of
the Executive. If, sir, I could be in favor of
this measure at any time, I cannot now, at any
rate, regard it as timely or worthy of support,
and I trust, therefore, the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts will be rejected.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORGAN, It was not my purpose, Mr.
Chairman, to take any part in the debate, and
I only do so from the fact that I am a member
of the Committee on Foreign Atfairs, before
which this subject has been considered.
It is true, sir, that our relations with Russia
are not commercial. It is also true we have
no antagonisms with Russia; no conflicting
interests, and it is in good part for that reason
that Russia is now and always has been our
friend. It is a remarkable fact that most of
our foreign troubles have occurred with the
people from whom we are said to have sprung;
whose language we speak, and whose institu-
tions ia good part we have adopted. In the
future, should it be our misfortune to be in-
volved in foreign war, it is more likely to be
with the people who are kindred to us than
with the strangers of Russia.
Only the other day we made an appropria-
tion of $50,000 without an objection from my
friend from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] or my
friend fromNew York, [Mr. Potter,] who now
oppose this appropriation, for the purpose
of doing what? For the purpose of receiving
a mission from Japan, because enlightened
statesmanship dictated it; and I claim that
now enlightened statesmanship demands that
we should place our mission at St. Petersburg
upon the same level with those of Great Brit-
ain, France, and Prussia. Our mission to
Prussia was, only the other day, placed on a
par with those of England and France; and
it was right. Why ? Because German power
had loomed up in vast proportions and assumed
a position in the world fully equal to that of
either England or France. In the future,
should the United States be involved in a for-
eign war, which I trust will not be, if we have
an ally, that ally will be Russia. Why? Not
because of any sentimentality toward the Uni-
ted States on the part of Russia; not because
we speak the Russian language ; but because
we have a community of interest; because
our great rival is the samo Great Britain.
Should the calamity of war fall on the two
nations at any near or any distant day, which
I hope will not occur, when that time comes,
if it does come, it will be found when the
fleets of Great Britain arc spread upon the
waters, making war upon the American com-
merce and the American flag, that Russian
columns will be directed toward Constantinople
and India. To all intents and purposes Russia
is the ally of the United States; and such has
been the attitude of that Power from the ear-
liest history of our country. While the Gov-
ernments of England and France during our
late civil war were in sentiment arrayed against
the United States, not because they were in
favor of the South, but because they desired
to see this great Republic dismembered, Rus-
sia was our friend, because she desired to
see the United States remain a great Power,
capable of wielding a great influence in the
affairs of nations.
I trust, sir, that the mission to Russia will
be placed substantially on the same level as
those to the other great Powers of Europe.
The minister to England is an envoy extra-
ordinary. The minister to France is the same.
The minister to Prussia is the same. And it is
difficult to understand why a minister with the
same title to a Power of equal magnitude and
grandeur should not be placed on the same
footing.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope debate
on this paragraph will now be closed.
Mr. POTTER. I withdraw the pro forma
amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I renew it. I am glad that
the timid counsels which have been expressed
by gentlemen do not represent the sentiments
of the American people. I think gentlemen
who apprehend that the hour is coming upon
us—and the apprehension seems to be immi-
nent from the solemn tones in which gentle-
men speak—when this Republic will seek
shelter under the power of Russia, may relieve
their minds from that apprehension. I thank
God the American people indulge no such
apprehensions. In the contests of nations our
people are not doubtful of their power. They
will seek no shelter. No vicissitude of fortune
can compel us to call despotism to our aid,
and I greatly question, sir, whether the Ameri-
can people will esteem themselves compli-
mented bv the suggestion of their Represent-
atives that in a contingency likely to arise, if
it is not properly guarded against, the people
of the United States will call to their aid the
most despotic Power. I say to these gentle-
men that they may dismiss their apprehen-
sions. Their constituents are not doubtful of
the result of a contest solitary and alone with
any Power that might force the alternative of
war or dishonor upon them. If they were
they would have forgotten their history. The
policy of this nation is peace, and the Repub-
lic calls for no counsels and needs no aid from
despotism. But why all this effort and pre-
tense to force an increaso of a salary now too
large and of no public benefit?
The truth is we have no trade with Russia.
Gentlemen are compelled to acknowledge that.
We have no immigration from Russia, and no
actual intercourse with that nation, friendly or
unfriendly. We have no international rela-
tions with Russia. To-day the free spirit of
America would sooner put the brave little
Government of Switzerland among our first-
class missions than the despotic Government
of Russia. We have infinitely more social,
commercial, and national relations with Swit-
zerland, or with the free cities of Hamburg or
Bremen, than with all Russia.
It seems unfortunate for Americans to travel
abroad. The first motion we get from a dis-
tinguished citizen, a member upon this floor,
on his return from foreign countries, is to put
an effete old monarchy of Asia among the
higher class missions, and so magnifies the
importance of this Asiatic monarchy that he
accomplishes his purpose. And then, because
foreign States have treated a gentleman on
this floor with consideration, he urges an in-
crease of .$5,500 for the Russian mission. If
these arc inevitable results, let the American
citizen continue to breath the free air of his
own country, rather than come home with
sentiments so friendly to institutions of Gov-
ernment so foreign to our own. We must
compliment Russia! She seems to appre-
ciate our anxiety to conciliate her. She already
seems to think that we court her interference
in our affairs.
Gentlemen propose to compliment the Rus-
sian Government after her emissary has been
dismissed from this capital for meddling in
our affairs. How long ago has it been since
an emissary of this same Power on the floor
of this House, forgetting his position, was seen
button-holing the members of Congress to
favor a certain line of commercial policy af-
fecting a product common to both countries?
And how long has it been since the Govern-
ment of the United States had to complain of
the impertinent interference of the emissary
of that Power in the affairs of the United
States?
No, sir, neither on the score of nationality,
nor of commerce, nor of political relations,
nor on any other-possible ground can the prop-
osition be defended, that we should compli-
ment this hoary despotism by placing it on an
equal footing with the progressive and enlight-
ened nations of Europe, in which free institu-
tions are steadily gaining ground.
The argument that because we have made
the mission to Germany a first-class mission,
therefore Russia, the enemy of free institu-
tions, the oppressor of every people within her
reach struggling to be free, must equally
receive marks of our national esteem, is not
very complimentary to Germany. We have
neither social nor commercial relations with
Russia; we have both with Germany ; while
our postal, commercial, and other treaties, and
the great commercial lines between the two
countries have established relations between
them as intimate as the policy of the United
States admits with any foreign Power.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield one
minute to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks,] after which I shall ask that the
debate be closed.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman will
listen to what I have to say, if I am to have
but one minute.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly I will
listen to the gentleman.
