2964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
and above the anaual appropriations for the
Navy, the Navy Department lias spent? Can
he tell whether $160,000,000 over and above
the annual appropriations made to that De-
partment have been spent by the Navy Depart-
ment, and if not that much, how much?
I made no charge against the Department
at all. All that 1 said was, and I spoke by
the record, I spoke by Republican authority,
that the Senate of the United States, and the
Representatives of the people of the United
States, when they are called upon to make large
annual appropriations to the Navy, not that
they should be wanting in anything that patri-
otism demands, but before the appropriation
is made the people whom we represent have a
right to know how the Navy Department has
been conducted, and where the responsibility
rests for what Republican members say has
been a waste of millions of public money dur-
ing the last sis' or seven years.
Mr. STOCKTON. I consider the question
of the Senator from Kentucky rather unneces-
sary, as I have already told him and the Sen-
ate that I could not answer it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I beg pardon : I take
it i)s.cl£
Mr. STOCKTON. I said when I first rose
that I did not rise to say anything on the sub-
ject of how much money had been spent by
the Department, for I did not know. Since I
have been a member of the Naval Committee
I have never been called upon to examine any
accounts. I know nothing about the expenses
of the Navy, and X certainly did not rise to
defend them; but, on the contrary, the whole
tone of my remarks was that it would be very
surprising if during the war a great deal of
money had not been wasted on experiments.
What has happened since I really do not know
anything about; I am not informed on the
subject. The Senator from Kentucky is per-
fectly correct in saying that he and the people
have a perfect rigut to know what lias been
done with former appropriations before they
are called upon to make other larger appro-
priations, but there is no large or unusual
appropriations on this bill. J. admit their
right to examine the matter thoroughly; and
I believe inquiry has been made, and I am
told—I do not know that it is true—the an-
swer has been sent to the House of Repre-
sentatives and information was sent to this
body, if I am not mistaken, that that answer
had been sent to.the House.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have just sent to the
docuiient-room, and they say that no such
report has reached the Senate.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senator says that
no such report has reached the Senate; but I
am told, whether it was publicly or merely in
committee, I do not know, that the reason
given by the Secretary for not sending it to
the Senate was that the House had already
called for the same information, and it had
been sent to the House.
Mr. CONKLING. Long ago sent to the
House.
Mr. STOCKTON. Long ago sent to them,
and that it would take a very large amount of
money and a number of clerks to repeat the
"statement. So, as I believe is customary on
such occasions, he referred the Senate to the
fact that he had sent the information to the
House, so that when printed by the House it
will come here, thus saving a double opera-
tion.
I repeat again it is none of my business or
duty to defend the disbursements of money
which I know nothing about, and I do not
intend to do so; but as a member of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs I cannot permit any
question of. politics to come between me and
my advocacy of what I believe to be for the
honor and interests of this country and its
Navy; to preserve us from disgrace which
no gallantry or skill can avert if we do not
provide the means.
Mr. CRAGIN. I have been a member of
the Committee on Naval Affairs now for over
seven years.and during all that time the naval
appropriation bills have never come before
that committee. They go to the Committee on
Appropriations, and before that committee
was organized they went to the Committee on
Finance of this body. The Navy Department
has never expended any more money than has
been appropriated by Congress, and for no
other purpose than the purpose mentioned by
Congress.
I desire to say here that since the close of
the war not one dollar has been appropriated
for building a new vessel for the Navy except
two torpedo-boats at the last sesion. Money
has been appropriated for repairing old vessels,
so that we coulu keep enough afloat to make a
little show of a Navy, but no money has been ap-
propriated for building any vessels that could
compete upon the ocean with the vessels of
other nations.
During the war we expended millions upon
millions in building iron-clads and monitors
for coast defense, for coast operations, for
river operations, &c., but none of those vessels
are of any account now upon the ocean with
the exception of one or two. I repeat that
since the close of the war not one dollar has
been appropriated for building new ships of
war for this Government except the two tor-
pedo boats that were authorized at the last
session of Congress.
I have no doubt that the policy of repairing
those old vessels and appropriating money for
their repair has been a bad one. If that
money, or more, had been appropriated for
building-some new vessels, vessels that should
bear some comparison with those which the
English or the French Government now has
upon the ocean, we should have been in far
better condition, and it would have been better
economy; but. at the close of the war Con-
gress, seeing what had been spent during the
war for the Navy, thought, those unacquainted
with the subject concluded, that those vessels
ought to be utilized, that they ought to be used,
when in fact they were of no use whatever for
ocean purposes.
The Senator from Kentucky speaks of the
sale of vessels. I can assure that Senator
that since the close of the war, or within the
last live years, in my judgment,, the Navy
Department has not sold or disposed of ten
vessels all told. Immediately alter the close
of the war, and before that, many vessels
which had been bought, merchant vessels,
transports, &c., which were extemporized at
the breaking out of the rebellion, when we
had no Navy at all, were destroyed, or were
destroyed during the rebellion, or were sold,
some of them at its close. It cannot be ex-
pected that any member of the Senate can
rise here and say, unless he has examined the
question, just how much money has been ap-
propriated to the Navy, or any other Depart-
ment of this Government, during the last five
or six years, or any number of years. 1 might
as well nsk the Senator from Illinois how much
had been appropriated for the judiciary of the
United States during the last ten years, and
call on him to rise in his place and give the
amount.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can tell within five
millions of it.
Mr. CRAGIN. That is a considerable
margin.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You cannot tell within
fifty millions the appropriations for the Navy.
Mr. CRAGIN. I say last year nineteen
millions was appropriated for the Navy, all
told, paying the officers, paying the whole
running expenses of the Navy, paying for
repairs at the navy-yards, for repairs of ves-
sels, for timber, live oak, and so on ; and the
year before, I thiuk, about the same amount.
There has been a gradual reduction every
year since the war and up to this date. I
have never heard any complaint that the Navy
Department was not administered econom-
ically, and I believe it is administered eco-
nomically. I wish to repeat here and impress
it upon the Senate that no money has been
appropriated for building new vessels, and but
little, very little comparatively, for repairing
old ones ; not more than a million or two of
dollars, or perhaps three millions annually for
that purpose. The Senator from California,
the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, can answer some of the questions
better than I can.
Mr. COLE. The appropriation for the
current fiscal year for construction and re-
pairs amounted to $3,000,000, and the amount
included in this bill is less than that, a little
over three millions, which certainly is a very
small sum to keep our Navy, even if it consists
of only twenty-six vessels in commission, iu
good order.
This money has been expended at the dif-
ferent navy-yards, of which we bave, I believe,
eight; it is distributed among them for the
repair of such vessels as really need repairs.
While I am up I will say that we have now,
in my judgment, a very good Navy. It is not
very large; but we have a considerable num-
ber of excellent vessels, first-class vessels, well
manned, well equipped, and well provided,
and I think we have as good a Navy and as
efficient a one as could be expected Irom the
economical appropriations that the nation has
found it necessary to make for the last fetlv
years in order that we might be relieved some-
what of the great burden of the public debt ,
that is upon us.
[ do not acquiesce in these censures of the
Navy Department; they are not well grounded;
and if the Senator from Kentucky had exam-
ined the condition of some of our vessels, I
think he would not have been so severe in his
remarks touching the Navy. A great many
of the vessels spoken of by him, constituting
altogether some six hundred and odd, were of
the very lowest or smallest character, mere
launches, used in time of war as supply ves-
sels and such like, which wo have been get-
ting rid of from time to timo in order to relieve
ourselves from the great burden of taking care
of them.
Our Navy is small. The total number of
men is only eighty-five hundred, and officers
twenty-one hundred and fourteen. It is a small
Navy, to be sure, but we have had no likeli-
hood of war; and if there was, we could do
as we did before, improvise a navy and have
it ready for any emergency. I have no doubt
about that, it is well understood, too, that
the style of vessel, the style particularly of the
war vessels, owing to the change in the char-
acter and efficiency of their armament, changfes
very rapidly. You might have one of those
seventy-four gun ships which were so much in
vogue and stood so high fifty years ago, and
you would regard it as of no value whatever.
That is not the kind of vessel we use now.
We invented the monitor during the last war,
and it proved the most efficient sort of vessel
for the defense of the nation.
Now, I am not among those who believe
that we ought to keep up a large navy on the
old plan and keep vessels floating and rotting
constantly. I believe m the policy of reduc-
ing the Navy, such as has been followed since
the close of the war, and in getting rid of use-
less vessels simply, vessels which aro merely
ail expense upon the country and a dtain upon
the Treasury.
The Committee on Appropriations have
thought it well to obey the desire of the peo-
ple at large and practice economy in this
Department as weil as in other Departments.
As has been stated here, the appropriations
made last year for the current fiscal year were
a little less than twenty millions only. For
this year they will be $2,000,000 less. They
are being reduced by reason of the course that
has been pursued by the Department in getting
rid^ of useless materials and useless vessels
which were merely a bill of expense.
