224
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 11,
Senate.
North Carolina Senatorskip—Mr. Logan.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, air.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator seems to
assign positions to other Senators owing to
remarks that they may make or questions that
they may ask. 1 have no objection to that as
to myself, although I was not seeking at the
moment to put myself right, or to put any-
thing right except the fact. The Senator cited
Patterson's case as bearing on this. I under-
stand Patterson's case to be just like his own
case, that of a Senator who came here and
took the test-oath.
My purpose, however, at this moment is to
beg the Senator for my own benefit, as I am
listening to him for instruction and informa-
tion, to discriminate as he goes on between
these historical instances which may be applied
to the present case and those that have noth-
ing in the world to do with it. I beg to re-
mind the Senator, that the case of Patterson
did not arise at all under the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution. It was sim-
ply a question whether he could comply with
a regulation which had been imposed by the
Senate on taking his seat. He held that he
•could comply with that regulation, and he did
precisely what the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois did when he entered the Senate, namely,
go to the Chair and take and subscribe the
test or iron clad oath. Therefore, I think the
Senator will agree with me that that case can
have nothing to do with this.
Now, as to another case to 'which he has
referred, as I have interrupted him, I beg to
call his attention to the fact that that did not
arise as this case does under the fourteenth
amendment. It was not an instance ofdisability.
It was simply the question of the moral capa-
city of the applicant for a seat to take a cer-
tain oath which had been imposed by law, by
statute, as a condition here. I do not mean at
this time to dispute or admit that it gave rise
to other questions, which, although different,
may have been in some respects as grave or
as important as this. I only want to draw the
attention of the Senate and of the Senator to
the tact that the question arose under no pro-
vision of the Constitution, but solely under a
provision of law, which provision required
those who came into the Senate to subscribe
and take a certain oath before they took their
seats. Patterson's case did not even present
that question; the other case did, and I sub-
mit to my honorable friend that there is very
•little light to be derived from that in its appli-
cation to this.
Mr. LOGAN. I know that Senators differ,
-and I am very much obliged to the Senator
from New York for suggesting to me the man-
ner in which I should argue this case. There
may be a very decided difference of opinion
as to the bearing the cases I have referred to
have on this case. Now, I know that the Sen-
ator from New York is a very excellent law-
yer, and certainly a very able debater. I will
•call his attention to one point. Perhaps he
•does not understand me, and if he does not
I will try now to make myself clear. The
Senator from Wisconsin maintains that this
case is to be decided by the English law. The
decisions in England depend upon the statute
of England, that if a man did not take the oath
•that he had taken the sacrament within twelve
■months, he was not eligible to the office. Now,
you had a statute here providing that no man
should take a seat in the Senate unless he
'took what was called the test-oath. If he was
•not qualified to take that oath at the time of
•bis election, could he take it when he took his
seat?_ You modified it to let members in.
That is the point I was making, that your case
■would apply to that better than this; but that
■even the English rale applied here, that you
have done it away yourselves in the Senate by
taking precisely such a case as came under the
statute of England and wiping it oat. That is
what I meant. Now, let us see whether it has
any bearing or not. There is a difference of
opinion between the gentleman and myself on
that point.
We all have our own ways in arguing cases,
and sometimes they are very peculiar. I have
mine. Of course I may sometimes get out of
the record, as we all' do, but perhaps I will
not get out so far but what I will get back
again if you will allow me to proceed. At the
time I was interrupted I was'talking about the
case of Mr. Young, of Georgia. Mr. Young
was a rebel, an officer of the army, elected to
Congress with a knowledge on the part of his
constituents that he was disqualified. The
Senator from Wisconsin replied to me and
said that the Senate had nothing to do with
his taking his seat, that they merely relieved
him of his disabilities. Will the Senator pre-
tend for a moment that the Senate and the
House both did not relieve him of his dis-
abilities for the purpose of allowing him to be
sworn into the Congress of the United States?
Does he not know it to be a fact? You have
not been in the habit of relieving men of their
disabilities who were West Point men, but you
have in this case. You relieved Mr. Long-
street to let him be appointed to an office, and
you relieved Mr. Young to let him take a
seat in Congress, and the Senate did it with
a knowledge that it was for that purpose.
Hence, I say, the Senate has construed that
fourteenth article divers times and by divers
acts.
I would like to call the attention of the
Senate to the case of Mr. Bailey, of Massa-
chusetts. I know it is very tedious to go over
eases in detail; but, as I said, the current of
authorities in this country both legislative and
judicial, are all one way. I desire to furnish
the proof. Here was a case in 1824. I will
state the case inasmuch as the Senator from
Wisconsin has read it. It is a very long case,
but I .will state exactly the facts. Mr. Bailey
had resided in the District of Colombia for
fourteen years, having been formerly a -resi-
dent of Massachusetts. He was elected to the
Congress of the United States iu 1824, from
the district in Massachusetts in which he had
formerly resided. His election was contested
on the ground that he was ineligible, not hav-
ing been a resident of the State of Massachu-
setts at the time of his election, and for years
before. The House of Representatives held
that he was not entitled to the seat, that he
was ineligible at the time of his election, and
turned him out, but did not give the seat to
the minority candidate. They declared that
there should be a new election, and a new
election was held. The evidence in the ease
showed that the citizens of that district knew
that Mr. Bailey had been out of the district
for a long term of years, and yet no claim was
allowed, looking to the minority candidate's
election. There are other cases of the same
character.
Allow me to call the attention of the Senate
to the case of John Young Brown in 1865, for
in that we find good law and a great deal of
it. I ask the Secretary to read for me the
part of the report in that case which I have
marked. Before doing that I wish to state to
the Senate that this is a case where the very
question arose in the House that arises here.
John Young Brown was ineligible to hold
office. The citizens who elected him knew it.
He had published the fact in the newspapers
in a letter written by himself explaining his
position. Still he was elected to Congress.
Mr. Smith, his opponent, claimed the seat on
the ground that Brown was ineligible, and
therefore that he (Mr. Smith) was elected to
the seat in Congress. Mr. DaweS made the
report in the case. I think Mr. Dawes, of
Massachusetts, is considered by all who know
him a good lawyer. The report bears on this
very point. I ask the Secretary to read the
place I have marked.
Mr. CARPENTER. In that case, if another
part is read, the Senate will also see that Mr.
Dawes says expressly that this point is not
involved in it, because they did not have
knowledge that he was disqualified when they
voted.
Mr. LOGAN. I will come to that point.
Mr. Dawes said they did not have formal
notice; nobody got up at the polls and pro-
claimed it; but they had the knowledge that
he was a rebel, and they knew he was disqual-
ified when they elected him.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"And the last two cases in the British Parliament,
in 1848, were decided, one in conformity to this rulo
and the other against it, because in the one the com-
mittee deemed the notice sufficient, and in the other
defective, (see printed minutes, 1848.) Indeed, the
reason of the rule itself, as laid down by Mr. Hey-
wood, whose work has been already cited, namely,
'that it is willful obstinacy and misconduct in a voter
to give his vote for a person laboring under a known
incapacity .'(Southwark Elections,page 259,) requires
notice, for it cannot be 'willful obstinacy and mis-
conduct ' without notice.
" Parliament required this notice to be exceedingly
formal, and in almost every instance at the polls; so
that the voter who, by their theory, was himself com-
mitting a crime to be punished, could be shown to
have committed the act, as all crimes are committed,
with an intention to commit the offense. Then the
ineligibility was one fixed by statute upon the can-
didate, and not one which is a result or inference of
law arising from some alleged facts, about the exist-
ence of which, ox the result arising from them, there
could be dispute, sucha s nonage, alienage, convic-
tion of bribery, <fcc.
"Now, if it be admitted that this is the rule of
law in this country as well as in Great Britain, the
facts do not bring this case within it. No such
notice as the British Parliament required was given
to the electors at the polls in the twelve counties
composing this district. Indeed, it does not appear
that any notice at all of any alleged ineligibility
was given at a single poll. The most that can be
claimed, by way of notice, is the alleged notoriety
of certain facts, namely, the publication of the let-
ter which, it is claimed, was evidence from which
ineligibility could be inferred by the voter. Bat
how notorious were even these facts? Tbe letter
was published in 1861, six years before the election;
it was reproduced on the stump; but in how many
of these counties, in the hearing of how many of
the very men'who afterward, on election day, cast
their votes for Mr. Brown, does not appear. It must
also be remembered that what would be the legal
result arising from these facts was never made cer-
tain before the votes. That result depended upon
tbe purpose for which the letter was written, and its
effect—all matters of proof and matters at all times
in dispute before the voters, and about which even
this committee itself, with a better opportunity than
any voter ever had to investigate and examine all
the evidence, and now, after a full hearing, as nearly
equally divided as possible. How can it be said,
then, that any voter, in casting his ballot for Mr.
Brown, has been guilty of ' willful misconduct and
obstinacy' by casting a vote for one known to be
ineligible? Mr. Heywood says that in England
'it is notsoin a doubtful case.' (Southwark Elec-
tions, page 259.) If, then, it be admitted that this Eng-
lish rule was a law binding on this House, still it
would not avail Mr. Smith in this case, for the facts
do not bring the case within the rule,"
" Thecommittee are of opinion that a recurrence
to the origin and history of this rule in the British
Parliament will show the impossibility of its appli-
cation to a ease in the American House of Repre-
sentatives. Parliament has no limitation of Written
constitution upon its powers._ Sir Edward Coke says
that' its power and jurisdiction are so transcendent
and absolute that it cannot be confined, either for
causes or persons, within any bounds.' Blackstone
says 'it hath sovereign and uncontrollable authority
in making, conforming, enlarging, restraining, ab-
rogating, repealing, reviewing, and expounding of
laws concerning matters of all possible denomina-
tions—ecclesiastical or temporal, civil, military,
maritime, or criminal-—this being the place where
that absolute despotic power which must, iu all
Governments, reside somewhere, is intrusted by the
constitution of these kingdoms.' And either House
of Parliament may, upon proof of any crime, ad-
judge any member disabled and incapable to sit as
amember, (1 Black. Com., paael63.) "With this power,
called by some omnipotent, parliament grants and
takes away the right to vote at its pleasure, erects
and destroys constituencies when and where it
pleases. It there has been bribery at an election, it
sometimes fines and sometimes disfranchises a
whole constituency. Indeed, it is not the theory
of the British Government that power originates
with the people. In theory, the right of tbe mon-
arch is a divine right, and he has graciously con-
ceded, from time to time, to the people whatever
share in the Government they possess. It matters
