2068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
ation of the funds to the purposes indicated
by the law, I would have called for it through
the Senate, or personally. I judge, however,
it has been applied for the purposes for which
it was intended, in the survey of the exterior
boundaries, and in subdividing the lands that
have been ceded to the Indians under various
treaties and laws.
The honorable Senator knows that the Gov-
ernment is now acting on the policy of giving
to the Indians lands m severalty. It is there-
fore as necessary to survey the lands for them
as it would be for white people, and if the
Indians should become extinct the surveys
■will remain ; the plats, fieid-uotes, and every-
thing of that kind will remain the same as if the
lands had been surveyed for any other object.
The honorable Senator thinks the marks,
the monuments, set up as boundaries, may
become obliterated. This, doubtless, will be
so to some extent, but this is incident to sub-
lunary affairs. It is so with surveys made
for wtiite people, lu the prairie they gener-
ally put up a stake of hard wood and build
a mound, and dig a pit for each corner, and
attempt to make it. as permanent as it can
well be made; and where stone#is attainable
they put up a stone instead of a stake, which
is believed to be more durable. I believe
the surveys which have been made in the
Indian country south of Kansas have been
marked generally with stones, it being sup-
posed that a monument thus erected would
be more permanent than if it were made of
wood. I have heard no complaint of the
application of funds heretofore. Unless we
are to abandon the policy we have heretofore
adopted of dividing up the land and assign-
ing it to the Indians in severalty, of course
these surveys will have to be made, and the
Department, has shown that there will be
needed to carry into effect the various treaties
with the Indians between seven and eight hun-
dred thousand dollars, 'l'hey report that they
will need for the next fiscal year about three
hundred thousand dollars. Of course it is
for Congress to make the appropriation or not.
If it is not done, the Department of course
will not complain, but the work will not be
done. We shall in this way suspend the
division of these lands for the use of the
Indians for another year.
It is thought to be wise to settle these In-
dians ou lands in severalty as rapidly as it can
be done. In my opinion the appropriation
ought to be made. If the Senator desires to
amend the amendment by putting on any
guards or restrictions of any kind, so as to
advise the Department how the money shall
he applied, I have no objection whatever. I
suppose there is no member of the Committee
on Indian Affairs who wants one dollar appro-
priated more than is necessary. The sugges-
tion was not made by the Committee on Indian
Affairs originally, but by the Secretary of the
Interior. I have his letter here now, and the
letter of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
also, stating that they will need this amount
for the coming fiscal, year beginning on the 1st
of July next, and terminating June SO, 1873.
Mr. COLE. I notice that the proposition
is to survey reservations for different tribes of
Indians. Only three or four years ago liberal
appropriations were made for surveying some
of the very reservations that are now to be
surveyed over again.
Mr. HARLAN. I think not. I think there
is no information before the Senate that this is
intended to be applied in restirveymg lands
that have heretofore been surveyed. That is
new to me.
Mr. COLE. I see that an appropriation
was made then for surveying the lauds of the
Osage Indians in Kansas.
Mr. HARLAN. That is trne; and since
then those lands have been ceded by the Osage
Indians to the United States, and are now
being settled up by white people. The Osages
have been moved down into the Indian terri-
tory south of Kansas, and this appropriation,
so far as it applies to the Osages, is for the
survey of their lands in the Indian territory.
The eastern boundary of their reservation has
been surveyed, that is the niuety-sixth meridian
has been established, but, so far as this appro-
priation will apply to them, it will be for the sub-
division of their lands in the Indian territory.
Mr. COLE. I apprehend it will be neces-
sary, therefore, to make these surveys_ over
again, when these lands shall be occupied in
severalty either by the whites or bythe Indians.
This is a very large appropriation asked for—
$300,000 for surveying lands for the Indians.
The white people are constantly applying to
the Government for the survey of their land,
but they are embarrassed very much for the
want of surveys in their settlements, in their
homesteads and preemption claims; and yet
we do not afford them anything like this sum
for the surveys of their land.
It is stated by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs that the policy is now to
allow the Indians to hold their lands in sev-
eralty. To be sure, that has always been the
policy; but do the Indians take them in sev-
eralty? Survey them as many farms as you
please, and they will still hunt over the ground
and fish in the streams, and not occupy lands
in severalty for farming purposes. That is
done to some extent by a fewtribes, to be sure,
but I am speaking of tribes settled on isolated
reservations in the Territories. They care
nothing for lands in severalty. They place a
value on their lands for hunting grounds, and
value them for that purpose, and* that only.
They do not desire these lands to be surveyed,
and there can really be no necessity for ex-
pending $300,000 in surveying these Indian
reservations. The appropriation proposed by
the committee in the bill is ample for this pur
pose for one year. Let us try it, and in the
mean time inquire what has become of the
$400,000 that was appropriated a few years
ago for surveying the Indian reservations. Let
us make that inquiry before we appropriate
$300,000 more, or any other large sum.
Mr. CORBETT. So far as my observation
goes, the surveying of these Indian reserva-
tions and placing the Indians upon the lands
in severally has given more satisfaction to the
Indians thau the expenditure of the same
amount of money appropriated in any other
way. In a few instances in the State of Ore-
gon last year the Indians were placed upon the
lands, and the lands were designated to them
in severalty, and there was nothing that gave
them so much satisfaction as the designation
of those lands. They had had treaties with
the Government since 1855, but their lands
had never been surveyed ; they had never been
designated; they had built over the lands
helter-skelter, here and there, and no one of
them kuew which lands belonged to him.
They desired for a great many years that those
lands should be set off to them in severalty,
and since they have thus been setoff they have
commenced improvements, moving their
houses upon their own lands and fencing in
those lands, and it has given great satisfaction
to them. 1 have no doubt the same course
pursued with other Indians would have the
same effect. It seems to me that in accord-
ance with the new policy thatis being adopted,
to settle the Indians upon these lands in sev-
eralty, civilize them, and prepare them for
citizenship, it is proper to make these appro-
priations according to the recommendations
of the Department. I hope the amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. ROBER 1'SON. I should like to ask
the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs if he can account for the $400,000
appropriated some years ago which the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations was
unable to account for?
• Mr. HARLAN. Never having been called
on for a statement of what the Department
has done with this money until to-dav and in
the Senate Chamber. I have not had time to
go up to the Department to ascertain, but a
part of it was applied, as the Senator from
California says, in the survey of the Osage
lands. There were some eight million acres
of land in the State of Kansas belonging to the
Osage tribe of Indians, which they have ceded
to the United States and have abandoned, and
they have acquired homes down m the Indian
territory. I suppose that a very large por-
tion of it, probably one half, was applied to
surveying those lands. Another part of it
has been applied, as I have been informed,
in the survey of the lands belonging to the
Chickasaws, whose reservation is situated in
the southern part of the Indian territory,
between the Choctaws and VVichitas, on what
is known familiarly in that country as "the
leased district;" and some of the lands origin-
ally belonging to the Creeks and Saminoles
have been surveyed, arid Cheyennes and Arap-
ahoes and other Indians brought in from the
plaius have been located on those lands, I
have been told.
I am unable here and now to furnish an
exact exhibit of how this money has been
applied. The appropriation was made two
years ago, but last year it was supposed by the
Department that, the residue of that appropria-
tion would be enough to carry on thfe work
during this current fiscal year : but this appro-
priation is for the next fiscal year, beginning
on the 1st of next July.
Mr. ROBERTSON. The amount asked for
here i's very large, and the appropriations
heretofore made to this Department for sur-
veying lands have been large and are unac-
counted for, at least by the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs and the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations.
Not more than one third of the Senators are
present in their seats. I think the amount
now asked for is too large to be voted away by
so scanty a Senate. I therefore move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. COLE. I hope not.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I shall call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope we may continue
on this bill for an hour longer.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I hope the Sen-
ator will not move such ljirge appropriations
to be voted by not more than one third of the
members of the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator ou that
account desires to have the question on this
amendment deferred for a short time until the
Senate shall be fuller, I have no objection to
its being passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment might be renewed in the Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not wish to withdraw
it, but I am perfectly willing that it shall be
passed over until the Senate is fuller, if the
honorable Senator from South Carolina pre-
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then let it be passed
over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over.
Mr. HARLAN. By direction of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, I move further to
amend the bill by inserting on page 64. lifter
line fifteen hundred and fifty seven, under the
head of "general incidental expenses of the
Indian service," the following:
Provided, That any member of the board of Indian
commissioners is hereby empowered to investigate
ail contracts, expenditures, and accounts in connec-
tion wi h the Indian service, and shall have access
toalibooksaiid papers relating thereto in any Gov-
ernment oraee; but the examination of vouchers
and accounts by the executive committee of said
board shall not be a prerequisite of payment.
This amendment is a modification of the law
regulating the duties of the commissioners who
act without pay in revising the Indian service,
and the phraseology adopted by the committee
is that prepared by the board of commissioners
