1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
are Senators enough here who intend to vote
to remove political disabilities, it is in our
power still to vote down the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Indiana and all
other amendments and pass the bill; and if
there is not, then amendments will be put upon
it. Of course it will be understood, Senators
will understand, and the country will under-
stand what the meaning of the amendments is.
Now, I appeal to the friends of the bill, who
want to pass this general amnesty bill, to stand
together, and when we get into the Senate let
us take another vote aud see if we cannot reject
all amendments.
Mr. SHERMAN. I accept with great pleas-
ure the proposition of the Senator from Illi-
nois, because I think that makes it clearer and
carries out my idea, striking out the adjectives
and providing simply " that the disabilities
imposed by the third section," &o.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Seuator from Ohio will be reported
as modified.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment, as
modified, is to strike out the words ''all legal
and political," and to insert the word "the;"
so as to read:
That the disabilities imposed by the third section
of the fourteenth article, &c.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on this amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us have the yeas
and nays.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So that the country will,
understand it, as the saying is.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Con-
necticut [Mr. Ferry] left the Chamber and
paired with me.
Mr. THURMAN. My pair with the Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] reaches only
to the question of the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] and the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Sumner] and the final passage of the
bill. I therefore am at liberty to vote on this
amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22. nays 31; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter. Clayton, Conkling,
Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye. Patterson, Pom-
eroy, Pratt, Sherman, Sumner, Wilson, and Wm-
dom—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cooper, Davis ofKentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
1'enton, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Hitchcock,
Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of
Maine. Norwood, Bice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Saw-
yer, Sehura, Scott, Stevenson, Stewart, Thurman,
Tipton. Trumbull, Vickers, and West—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Cameron, Chandler.
Cole, Cragin, Ferry of Connecticut, Frelinghnysen,
Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Howe,
Oeborn, Pool, Ramsey, Spencer, Sprague, Stockton,
and Wright—19.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I now off'cr an amendment
to be inserted in the oath. In the second sec-
tion, after the word "same" in the sixth line,
I move to insert:
And that he is not, and has not been within
twelve months from the date of the passage of this
act, a member of any association commonly known
as the Ku Klux Klan.
Mr. President, if the evidence that has been
taken by the Committee of Investigation in the
South during the course of the summer and
fall, if the evidence that was taken last winter
by the special committee of the Senate, if the
evidence that has come to us from a thousand
sources for the last four years in regard to the
character of the Ku Klux organization, the
oaths and obligations they take, their deedsof
blood and violence, be at all true, no member
of that association, and no man who has been
a member of it within a recent period, shall
enjoy amnesty from this Government.
It is said that it is composed of men'in low
position socially and politically in the South.
I do not believe that. I believe it has its head
and its power in men who have occupied and
perhaps do occupy high social and political
position in the South; and if that is so, no such
man should be amnestied, and I cannot under-
stand upon what principle any such man should
be admitted again to the enjoyment of political
power under this Government.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. MORTON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to repeat that I
am paired with the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Hamlin] only on two questions; and that this
is not one of them.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 28 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Clayton, Conkling,
Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Frelinghuysen, Howe, Morrill of Vermont. Morton,
Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Rice, Scott, Sherman,
Spencer, Sumner, Wilson, and Windoin—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cooper, Davis ofKentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Fenton, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Hitchcock,
Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis. Logan, Norwood,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Sehurz, Stevenson,
Stewart. Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, and
W est—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole, Cragin, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Morrill of Maine,
Osborn, Patterson, Ramsey, Sprague, Stockton, and
Wright—17.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CONKLING. I offer the following
amendment, to be inserted at the end of the
first scction:
Provided however. That the removal of such dis-
abilities shall not have the effect of giving the per-
sons relieved the status in court or elsewhere of
loyal persons in asserting any claim against the
United States which they do not now possess, either
for money claimed to be due, or for appropriation of
or injury to property.
Mr. President, that is the amendment once
proposed by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Pratt,] altered in order that it might not be,
within the rule, the same amendment. I pro-
pose it again in the hope that the Senate will
adopt it. When it was offered by the Senator
from Indiana the bill stood unamended. It
had withstood all attempts to change it, and
the argument was that if it could be kept in
that way it would receive consummation here
without going back to the other House. Hav-
ing been amended, that argument falls to the
ground ; and now I venture to appeal to Sen-
ators for one moment to consider the question
involved in this amendment. As the bill
stands it reads "that all legal and political
disabilities imposed by the third section of the
fourteenth article," &c., " be removed." If
those words mean only as has been argued
here, certainly no harm can come from a pro-
vision such as this. The words "legal and"
will be assigned some meaning. Any tribunal
which construes this statute will follow one of
the canons of construction which attributes
significance to all the words found in the
statute. They are, therefore, on the theory sug-
gested on one side, surplusage certainly, and
I think there lurks in those words a danger
that the law will be changed on this subject.
Now, Mr. President, we have been told that
the Senate 
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. CONKLIN G. I have only five minutes ;
I feel very earnest about this thing, and I hope
the Senator will not interrupt me——
Mr. STEWART. As you alone have the
five minutes, it will be the greater generosity
to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. CONKLING. I have not violated this
understanding in any way. I will do anything
for my friend from Nevada, but I hope he will
pardon me now and not deduct this interrup-
tion from my five minutes.
It has been said that the Senate understand
and the country would understand the object
of these amendments. Mr. President, I hope
and trust that both the Senate and the country
will understand the object of this amendment.
It is simply to guard against men putting their
hands into the public Treasury hereafter who
cannot now put their hands into the Treasury.
As the statute stands, those who drew the
sword against the Union cannot come into
court seeking damages. If this act prevails I
fear—that is all I will say because I will not
raise a close legal question here—I fear that it
will be insisied that this has changed the status
of those men. If it does not change it, I hum-
bly submit that no harm can come from adopt-
ing this amendment. If any court should hold
hereafter that the words '' all legal disabilities''
mean what the dictionary attributes to them,
then it would have been a most provident thing,
a stitch in time which will save nine, to put
this amendment upon the bill, and, therefore,
in all seriousness, Mr. President, I hope the
Senate will adopt it.
Mr. STEWART.. I move to strike out the
word "however" in that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Senator from Nevada
moves to amend the amendment by striking
out the word " however."
Mr. STEWART. I want to make this re-
mark, that the language in this bill is the pre-
cise language reported at all times in these
bills. There were, I suppose, fifteen or twenty
bills reported from the Judiciary Committee
with this identical language, " the legal and
political disabilities im posed by the third clause
of the fourteenth amendment." It is the
language that has been used in both Houses
from the beginning, and it only refers to the
disabilities that are in the fourteenth amend-
ment, and there are no disabilities there but
disabilities from holding office. These are the
only disabilities in that amendment; whether
they are called "legal" or "political" it
matters not. Those are the only disabilities
that are in the third section of the fourteenth
amendment, and they are the only disabilities
removed by this bill, and it is the plain and
ordinary language.
Now that I am on my feet, I wish to say
that I am in favor of an amnesty bill, and
those who^are in favor of it, if they want one
passed, will vote against all amendments.
There are many other things that I am in
fuvor of, but I do not expect to get them on
this bill, and if you expect to get everything
you want on this bill, then you will never get
this bill, and I appeal to those who are in
favor of a bill to remove political disabilities,
when this bill is reported to the Senate, to vote
against all amendments aud let us pass it as
it came from the House of Representatives,
and then wc shall accomplish something.
There is no danger of our being placed in
a false position before the country by voting
against these amendments, for these are or-
dinary tactics to propose to put on abill good
things with a view to their being voted down.
1 withdraw the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Tbe PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Sew York, [Mr. Conkling.]
Mi. CARPENTER and Mr. CONKLING
calicd for the yeas and nays ; and they were
ordered.
Mr. CALDWELL. The Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Blair] is absent. I am paired
with him. If he were here he would vote
"yea," and I should vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays !32 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony. Brownlow, Buck-
ingham, Carpenter, Clayton, Conkling, Corbett,
Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Howe,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye. Pomeroy, Pratt,
Sherman, Sumner, Wilson, and Windom—21.
NaYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Boreman, Cas-
serly, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia, Fent on Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly,
Lewis, Logan, Norwood, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Sa.wyer, Schurz, Seott, Spencer, Stevenson. Stewart,
Thurman. Tipton, Trumbull, Visiters, and West—32.
ABSENT — Messrs. Blair, Caldwell, Cameron,
