278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
Chandler, Cole, Crngin, Ferry of Connecticut. Gil-
bort. Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin. U.irl.in, Morrill
of Maine, Osborn, Patter.-on, Pool, Ramsey, bprague,
Stockton, and Wright—19.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I offer an
amendment to come in on the sixth line of the
second section where the oath is prescribed, so
that it shall read as follows:
Take and subscribe an oath or affirmation to sap-
port the Constitution of the United Stites, and to
bear true faith and allegiance to the same, and that
he has never been engaged or concerned in person
or as aider and abettor in inflicting any outrage upon
person, life, or property in what is commonly called
a Ku K.lux raid.
Mr. NYE. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me askthe Senator
from Indiana, would it not be jusi us satisfac-
tory to take the yeas and nays in the Senate
and not here again in committee on the same
general proposition?
Mr. CONKLING. That is a wholly different
proposition.
Mr. NYE. I want that to be one of the
qualifications for men to get this amnesty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not know but that ij
we would save time. _ h
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being ||
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 29; as follows : jl
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Brownlow, Buck- II
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter. Clayton, Conkhng, M
Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Frelinghuysen, ITowe. Morrill of Veiraont, Morton.
Nye, Patterson, Poiaeroy. Pool, Pratt. Scott, Sher-
man. Sperjrer, Sumner, Wilson, and Wiudoui—27.
NAYS—Messr3. Alcorn. Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cooper, T>.ivi« of Kentucky. Davis of West Virginia.
Fenton, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Hitctioock,
Johnston. Ivellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Norwood, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Sch urz. Stevenson. Stewart,Thurman, Tipton, Trum-
bull. Vickers, and —29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Cameron, Chandler,
Cole, Cragm, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert. Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan. O-born, Ramsey,
Rice, Sprague, Stockton, and "Wright—lb.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion i-> on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On the adoption of
that amendment I call for the yeas and nays.
There is only one amendment made, I believe.
The yea*? and nays were ordered. j!
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now I ask to have the ij
amendment read so that we may know what !-
it is. 'j
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, 'j
which was after the word "removed,'' in the 1;
ninth line of the first section, to insert: ||
Provided, That this act shall not be construed to
relate back to or validate the election or appoint- ^
ment of any person to the position of Senator or I:
Representative in Congress, or to any office, civil or
military, under the United States, which person '
"was at the date of such election or appointment '*
ineligible to the office or position to which he may ij
have been so elected or appointed. ]■
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to ask, for informa-
tion, whether that is the only amendment made
to the bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. , The Chair
understands that this is the only amendment
which has been agreed to in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. BAYARD. Then if that amendment
is defeated the bill will stand as it came from
the House of Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is unfair; it is do-
bate.
Mr. MORTON. lashed to have the amend-
ment again read, that it may be perfectly un-
derstood what we are voting upon.
The Chief Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. MORTON. Would it be in order for
me, as the author of that amendment, to say
one word in regard to it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been discussed
once.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (to Mr. Morton.) You can
move to amend it, as the Senator from Illinois
'did, by striking out a letter somewhere.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Chair state the
question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the Senate with this amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. THURMAN. This is one of tbe ques-
tions on which I am paired with tbe Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Hamus.] If he were here
he would vote "'yea,," and I should vote •' nay."
Mr. BAYARD. If the Senator from New
Jersey [Mr. Stocktox] were here he would
vote "nay." He is paired with the Senator
from Michigan. [Mr. Chandler.]
Mr. VICKERS. On this vote I ara paired
with the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Haklax.] j
He would vote "yea," and I should vote i
"nay." |
The question being taken by yeas and nays, |
resulted—yeas 29, nays 2(5; as follows: ]
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony. Brownlow, Buck- j
ingham, Caldwell, Carpenter. Clayton, Conkling,
Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, >
Frelinghuysen, Howe, Morrill of Maine. Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool,
Pratt. Rice, Sawyer, Scott, Spencer, Sumner, Wil-
son, and Windom—29.
SAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
Fenton, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Hitchcock,
Johnston. Kellogg. Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Norwood,
Robertson. Sauls bury, Scburz, Sherman. Stevenson,
Stewart. Tipton, Trumbull, and West—26.
ABSENT —Messrs. Boreman, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Cole, Cragm, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texa^, Hamlin, Harlan, Osborn, Ram-
sey, Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, Vickers, and j
Wright—17. !
So the amendment was concurred in. >
Mr. SUMNER. I now renew my amend- j
ment offered in the committee. :
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Shall the i
amendment be reported again ? i
Mr. SUMNER. The Senate is familiar with J
it; it is not necessary to have it read. Now j
I will not take five minutes ; I will only take i
two. |
I propose that sincerely as a measure of re- j
conciliation, I wish to see reconciliation. I
wish to see good will established throughout
this country ; but I know that it cannot be
done if the policy of the Senator from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Ai.corx] is to have sway. 1 know
that he will keep discord where I would have
concord. Now, 1 entreat him once more to
unite with me in this great measure of recon-
ciliation founded on justice.
If my amendment be adopted I shall vote for
this bill; it it be rejected, I shall vote against
the bill, and I hope that other Ssnators here,
enough in number, will vote against it to de-
feat it—it does not deserve success. A meas-
ure that seeks to benefit only the former rebels
and neglects the colored race does not deserve
success ; it is an unworthy measure, it cannot
be sustained by a righteous public sentiment.
I entreat Senators over the way who really
seek reconciliation now to unite in this honest
effoit. Give me an opportunity to vote for
their bill. I long to do it. Gladly would I
reach out the olive branch, but I know no way
in which that can be done unless you begin by
justice to the colored race.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out the last word in it,
whatever that word may be, [laughter,] and
upon this amendment of mine I wish to say
just this; 1 came here at this session of Con-
gress honestly in favor of an amnesty bill; I
am desirous now of seeing a properly drawn
amnesty bill pass; but after the votes that have
been taken in the Senate to-day I de=ire to
say in explanation of the vote which I shall
give that if the friends of amnesty are not will-
ing to accompany that act with an act of jus-
tice toward the colored people of the South,
then, so far as my vote goes, amnesty will wait
nntil they are. On reflection, I withdraw my
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. ALCORN. I renew that amendment,
and I desire to say a word. Coming here as I
do. and standing here as I do, I propose to go
straight forward in everything that I believe it
is proper for me to do. I do not propose to
follow the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr,
Sumxeh] when he stands up as the friend of
the colored man and proposes to trammel
the colored man's rights, which are not
obstructed by any provision of the Constitu-
tion, by tacking the measure on to a bill which
it requires two thirds of Congress to pass. Does
he intend that the rights of the colored man
shall depend upon the action of Congress upon
a measure that it requires two thirds of Con-
gress to pass? The colored man has no re-
strictions imposed by the Constitution, and
he demands—I speak for him—that he shall
not have his rights trammeled in any such
way as this, and he will su«p<-ct any man
who seeks thus to appeal to him, when he
comes here proposing to hind up all hit rights,
and commit thein to the charge of a hill that
cannot he passed except by a two-thirds vote
of each House of Congress.
The Senator says that because I refuse to
support his amendment I am not in favor of
the colored man's rights. I take issue with
the honorable Senator upon that statement.
If he were to offer the Lord's Prayer as an
amendment to this hill, would he declare that
I was an infidel because 1 vo'ed against it?
The gentleman says that the recording angel
in heaven will blot out with his tears 
Mr. SUMNER. He cannot blot out. a thing
so inequitable.
Mr. ALCORN. Well, sir, the angel of
heaven does not blot out with tears. Those
tears are not the tiling to blot out. The tears
of the angels come pure, and they bleach and
purify everything they touch ; they make no
blots.
But, sir, I say that I am for the colored
man. and when the time conies I will show
myself his friend ; but I do not propose to
prejudice his demands upon Congress, to
prejudice his claims to the consideration of the
nation, by, if the gentleman wdl_have it. tack-
ing him on to a provision that is intended to
relieve rebels.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to tbe amendment.
Mr. ALCORN. I withdraw it.
Mr. KELLOGG. I offer the following
amendment 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
an amendment pending.
Mr. KKLLOGG. Then, in the tenth line
of the fourth section of the amendment of the
Senator frorr\. Massachusetts I move to strike
out the word '• five," and insert the word "two."
I do not disguise the fact that in common with
many Senators who have resorted to the same
expedient I offer this amendment for the pur-
pose eff having an opportunity to submit some
remarks, more in explanation of my vote, how-
ever, than otherwise.
I voted, Mr. President, in the Committee of
the Whole for the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts. I had desired,
at some time during the progress of this bill,
j to urge upon the consideration of the Senate
| some reasons in favor of its immediate pas-
sage. I thought 1 should be able to give many
sufficient and conclusive reasons why this bill
should be passed as a matter of justice to all
and as a measure of sound policy. But, sir. m
Common with others, I abstained from saying
one word in regard to the bill, lest I might
delay its passage. It was my desire to show
that the imposition of disabilities was originally
resorted to as a temporary expedient, that, it
wasinaugnrated before suffrage was guarantied
to the black man, aud that since the fifteenth
amendment has been made a part of the Con-1
stitution the main reason which was urged inj
debate by all the promimmt Republicans forj
the adoption of the third section of the four-
teenth amendment lias passed away. Now that
the right of suffrage has been guarantied to
the black man the reason for disabilities has
censed.
And, sir, this reference to the fifteenth
amendment leads me to ret'-all a scene which
