2?6.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL (xLQBE,
[April 11,
Senate.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Logan.
42d Cong.,.. 2d Sess.
Smith. I do not know -whether my friend from
Wisconsin will say this is applicable or not:
"A person who is an alien and not a. qualified
elector of the county in which he resides, is not
eligible to the office of sheriff in this Scate.
"The ineligibility of a candidate for an office at
an election in this State does not render void the
votes cast, for him, and such votes should be counted
by the canvassers; and if such ineligible person has
the highest number of votes, the person who has the
next highest number will not be thereby elected.
| '' The remaining questions are : first, whether the
' defendant, being an alien and not a qualified elector
at the time of his election, was eligible to the office;
second, it he was ineligible, whether the relator, who
received the next highest number of votes cast, is
entitled to the oilice.
"The last question has been already settledm this
State by the case of The State vs. Giles. (1 Chandler,
112 ) it was there held by the unanimous judgment
ot the court that, in the absence of a statute de-
claring it so, the mere ineligibility of a candidate
does not render void the votes cast for hiin; that
«uch votes should not be rejected, but should be
counted by the canvas&ers; and that in the event
of s-'uch ineligible person having thehighestnumber
of votes, the person having the next highest num-
ber wuuld not thereby be eiectcd."
There the State of "Wisconsin, through her
.supreme court, following up the decision which
I before quoted from 1 Chandler, reiterates
the same principle by saying, that though the
party declared elected was ineligible, yet the
minority candidate could not claim to be elected
because of the ineligibility of the person receiv-
ing the majority of the votes.
I next ask the attention of the Senate to a
case in the State of Pennsylvania, (Common-
wealth vs. Cluley, 56 Pennsylvania, page 270,)
■where the opinion of the court was delivered
by Mr. Justice Strong, now a member of the
bench of the Supreme Couit of the United
States. It strikes me that there is some simi-
larity between this case and the one we have
before us for discussion. According to the
constitution of the State of Pennsylvania a
mau cannot hold the office of sheriff twice
in succession. This provision of the consti-
tution was violated in the election of a sheriff
in one of the counties to the second term, and
the case came before the supreme court of the
State of Pennsylvania and was decided in. a
vtry exhaustive opinion going over the various
phases of the question, Mr. Justice Strong
delivering the opinion of the court come3 to
the following conclusions:
"The relator in the present case suggests that
Samuel B. Ctuley now usurps, intrudes into, and
unlawfully holds the office of nigh sheriff of AUe-
ghan> county; that at the general election on the
9th day oi October, 18G(5, an election was held for
sheriff of said county, that at the election the said
Cluley received nineteen thousand nine hundred
and iifteen votes, and the relator received twelve
thousand nine hundred and twenty-five votes for
the said office; that the vote was certified to the
Governor, and that Cluley was commissioned sheriff,
and that ho hj.s since acted as such notwithstanding?
the fact that he was commissioned sheriff of said
county on the 23th day of August, 1863, and dis-
charged the duties of the oilice irom that time until
the first Monday of December, 1863.,>
He was ineligible by a constitutional pro-
vision which declared he could not hold the
office twice, and after these facts being stated
the couit came to this conclusion:
M Now, on this showing, what interest has the
relator m the question he attempts to raise ? What
more than any inhabitant of Alleghany county or
i>f the Commonwealth? He was a rival candidate
nt the election for the office, but he was defeated,
witii a majority against him of 6,990. Doubtless if
his Miccceslul riv.ii is incapable ot holding the office
on account of the constitutional provision 'that no
person shall be twice chosen or appointed sheriff in
any term ot six } ears.' or i'or any other reason, and
th.it incapacity entitles him, the relator, to the
office, he has sm interest. He certainly can have
none if a judgment of ouster against Cluley would
notgivethe sheriffalty to him. But surely it can-
not be maintained tnai in any possible contingency
the office can be given to him.
" The votes cast at an election for a person who is
disqualified Irom holding an office are not nullities,
J. hoy cannot be reject yd by the inspectors, or thrown
ont ot Hie count %by the return judge1?. The dis-
qualified person is a person still, and every vote
thrown for him is formal. Dven in England it has
hfen held rh.it votes for a disqualified peioon arc not
loiter thrown a^ay so as to justify the presiding
officers in returning as elected another candidate
wiRSftie&sauuibfcr yutea, and if they dq so, a
quo warranto information will be granted against
the person so declared to be elected, on his accept-
ing the office. (See Cole on Qitfo Warranto, 141-2;
Regina v*. Hiorns, 7 Ad. & E.t 960; 3 Nev. «fe Perry,
184; Rex. vs. Bridge, 1 M. & S., 70.) Under institu-
tions sueh as ours are there is even greater reason
for holding that a minority candidate is not entitled
to the office if he who received the largest number
is disqualified. We are not informed that there has
been any decision strictly judicial upon the subject,
but in our legislative bodies the question has been
determined. It was determined against a minority
candidate in the Legislature of Kentucky, in a case
in which Mr. Clay made an elaborate report and was
sustained. In 1793 Albert Gallatin, elected a Sen-
ator from this State, was declared by the Senate of
the United States disqualified, because he had not
been a citizen of the United States nine years, and
his election was declared void for that reason, but
the seat was not given to his competitor. Nobody
supposed the minority candidate waselected. There
have been several other cases of contested elections
in which the successful candidates were decided to
have been disqualified, and denied their offices.
John Bailey's case is oneof them. Hewas elected to
Congress from Massachusetts and refused his seat in
1824. But neither in his case, nor in any other with
which we are acquainted were the votes given to the
successful- candidate treated as nullities, so as to
entitle one who had received a less number of votes
to the office. There is a class of cases in England
apparently, but not really, asserting otherwise.
The earliest of them, are referred to by Mr. Bui-
ler in his argument in Rex vs. Monday, (Cowper,
530.) They were followed by Rex vs. Hawkins, (10
East, 211;) and Rex vs. Parry, 14 (Id., 549.) In these
cases it is said that if sufficient notice is given of a
candidate's disqualification, and notice that votes
given for him will be thrown away, votes subse-
quently castfor him are lost, and another candidate
may be returned as elected if he has a majority of
good votes after those so lost are deducted. There
is more reason for this in England, where the vote
is viva voce, and the elective franchise belongs to
but few, than here, where the vote is by ballot, and
the franchise well nigh universal. In those cases
the notice was brought home to almost every voter,
and the number of electors was never greater than
three hundred, and generally not more than two
dozen."
That is on the point the Senator from Wis-
consin suggested awhile ago, but although
he says that case does not come within the
provision applicable here, yet I say tbis case
hi Pennsylvania is similar to the one we have
before us. In that case, as in this, the party
was rendered ineligible by a constitutional pro
^vision, and he was elected although ineligible,
and yet the Supreme Court declared that the
ineligibility of the person did not cause the
election of the minority candidate.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to call my
friend's attention to the precise point on which
that case turned. The judge there, in a sen-
tence which the Senator has just read, says
that the case made before the court does not
show that the minority man was elected even
if the other votes were thrown out. The ease
was passed off upon that defective statement
the pleadings. The judge says undoubtedly
that was the fact.
Mr. LOGAN. I have read what he says
about the rule in this country. He states the
rule in this country as 1 have stated it, and he
goes on to state that the rule in England is in
some cases one way and some the other, and
that there is more reason for it in England
than in this country. However that may be,
he says this does not come within the purview
of the English rule, because formal notice was
not given. He says that in this country a
minority candidate cannot be elected, that the
votes of the electors must be counted. That
was the language of Mr. Justice Strong, and
the language of the whole court except Mr.
Justice Thompson, who dissented. The ques
tion about formal notice that the Senator raises
is not in this case or any other. Formal notice
is not in Mr. Abbott's case. You claim that it
is in the Constitution, and therefore the Legis-
lature must take notice. So it was; in this
case it was a constitutional provision. The
duty of the voters to take notice is as obliga-
tory in the one case as in the other. You will
riot risk the point you make on formal notice
in the case, as it was not given; hence the
resort to constructive notice, a knowledge that
the law presumes must e^ist,
Thirteen California Reports, the case of
Saunders vs. Haynes, is of the same character.
The election was claimed by a party who re-
ceived a minority of the votes cast oa the
ground that the majority candidate was ineli-
gible. I will read only the points of the case
that apply:
" It will be observed that the point of this defense
is that the votes cast for Turner, suppoeing he re-
ceived the highest number, were nullities, because
of his assumed ineligibility. But we do not so con-
sider. Although some old cases may be found affirm-
ing this doctrine, we think that the better opinion
at this day is that it is not correct.
'' The celebrated controversy in th e British Pari la-
ment between Wilkes and Luttrel has given rise to
much discussion, and the opinions of jurists and
statesmen have been somewhat divided. But the
prevailing opinion, English and American, of mod-
ern times, seems to be against the precedent estab-
lished in that case. In the case of Whitman and
Melony, (10 California,) Mr. Justice Field
Now on the bench of the Supreme Court of
the United States—
"clearly intimates his opinion in favor of the prin-
ciple that the votes given for an ineligible candidate
are not to be counted for the next highest candidate
on the poll."
So it is decided in every State in which the
question has been raised except the State of
Indiana. In the fourteenth Indiana Reports
there is a case decided on the English author-
ities, and it is the only case in the United States
that I have been able to find where the same
view has been held. I now refer to a case iu
Maine, the answer of the court to certain
questions. I read what is to be found in 38
Maine Reports, page 597 :
Council Chamber,
Augusta, February 15,18o5.
To the honorable Justices
of the Supreme Judicial Court;
The opinion of the justices of the court is respeot-
fully solicited upon certain questions arising out of
the following statement of facts:
The last Governor and'council, as required by the
several acts to regulate the election of county offi-
cers, counted the votes which had been returned
from the county of Sagadahoc for county commis-
sioners for said county. Upon comparing and count-
ing said votes, said Governor and council declared
William Hutchings, Alfred Cox, and Abel C. Dins-
low duly elected to said office, and issued commis-
sions accordingly. At the proper time forsaid board
to organize but two of them, namely, Hutchings
and Cox, appeared to claim their places. It subse-
quently appeared that there was no such man in the
county as Abel C. Dinslow, but there is one whose
name is Abel E. Dinslow, and for whom, there is
good reason to suppose, the voters intended to throw
their votes, instead of Abel C. Dinslow.
First. Upon the foregoing statement is it com-
petent for the present Governor and council so far
to revise the doings of the last Governor and council
as to receive proof of the eligibility to said office of
such a man as Abel C. Dinslow ?
Second. If the present Governor and council find
there is no such man as Abel C. Dinslow, but that
the voters intended their votes for Abel E. Dinslow,
is it competent for them to issue a new commission
to said Abel E. Dinslow ?
Third. If not competent to issue a new commis-
sion to Abel E. Dinslow upon the supposition aforer
said, is it competent for the present Governor and
council to throw out the votes for Abel C. Dinslow,
and issue a new comission to such person who is
eligible to said office as shall appear to have th©
highest number of votes ?
Fourth. In case the second and third questions
should be answered in the negative, is there a va-
cancy in said office so as to authorize the piescnt
Governor to make an appointment thereto?
ANSON P. MORRILL.
The justices answer the first, second, and
third questions in the negative, and the fourth
question in the affirmative. The fourth ques-
tion was whether there was a vacancy, and
they said there was. Although there was no
such person as the man supposed to have been
elected, although the votes were thrown away
practically, yet they were cast against the
minority candidate, and the court, judging of
the intention of the voters, concluded that
they intended not to elect the man who re-
ceived the minority of the votes, and therefore
there was a vacancy} because the man who had
the majority of votes did not exist. Then the
rule that applies to this point is that you are
to gather the intention of the electors, that
you are to see whether their consent fo an
elation is obtaiue4* The majority throwing
