2070'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
Indian goods that this amount would not be
needed to supply the loss that might accrue.
Mr. COLE. I have only a word to add.
All that has ever been paid for insurance for
six years amounts to only $18,800, and now it
is not at all likely that one third of any emer-
gency amount asked for will be used. Besides,
I think there is a general objection to making
an appropriation of a larger amount than is at
all likely to be used, as in this instance of
$50,000, when the amount of loss is not likely
to be one fourth of that, certainly not likely
to be one third of it in any event judgingfroin
the past, not likely indeed to be a tenth of
it, but still likely to be something. I think,
therefore, an appropriation of say $'20,000 is
all that is necessary. If this amendment
stands, it goes to the country as an appropria-
tion of §50,000 for this service, whereas there
is no necessity for the appropriation of any-
thing like that sum; $20,000 will be ample.
Mr. CORBETT. The object of this amend-
ment is simply that we may carry out our
treaty stipulations with the Indians in case
these goods should be lost. Hardly a boat
goes up the Missouri river on which any In-
dian goods are shipped that does'not contain
probably from twenty to thirty thousand dol-
lars' worth of those goods. In the case of the
sinking of one of those boats the department
desire to have a sufficient amount of money to
replace those goods, that they may be enabled
to carry out the treaty stipulations. Of course
the department will not insure any portion of
the gbods that they may not think it necessary
to insure, and particularly those that are taken
by railroad will not be insured, but only those
that are carried by water. There is some risk,
of course, in transportation by railroad, of
fire, &c., but that amounts to very little com-
pared with the dangers that have heretofore
existed and now exist on the Missouri river,
where the boats frequently sink. The depart-
ment thought it best to make this provision on
mature reflection, after they had already con-
cluded that it was best not to make the appro-
priation heretofore made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on the amendment of the Senator from Cal-
ifornia to the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, reducing the amount to $'20,000.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. LEWIS. With the permission of the
Senator who has this bill in charge, I now
move to take up House bill No. 1588 to change
the time for holding the spring term of the
United States and district courts ot Harrison-
burg, Virginia. It will only take a moment.
I have just received a telegram from Judge
Eives asking that the change be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California yield?
Mr. COLE. If there is to be no discussion
I shall not object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the appropriation bill
will be informally laid aside for the purpose
of considering this bill.
courts in vi11uenia.
Mr. LEWIS. Now I move to take up House
bill No. 1588.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed that the bill has not been reported
by the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LEWIS. It has not been reported by
the committee, but it has passed the House,
aud the chairman of the committee said he
would make no objection. J t proposes simply
to change the time for holding the courts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
necessary for the Senator to move to discharge
the committee from the further consideration
of the bill, and then it will be before the
Senate.
Mr. LEWIS. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LEWIS. Now I move to take up the
bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1588) to change
the time for holding the spring term of the
United States circuit and district courts at
Harrisonburg, Virginia. It provides that, in-
stead of the time now provided for in the act
approved February 1, 1872, to_ change the
times for holding circuit and district courts of
the United States for the western district of
Virginia, for holding the springterm at Harri-
sonburg, in that State, the courts shall be held
thereat on the Tuesday after the first Monday
in May in each year.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, -read
the third time, and passed.
private land claims.
Mr. KELLOGG. My friend from Califor-
nia was so kind as to intimate this morning
that if I would pass over the bill which I hold
in my hand then I might call attention to it at
a later period. It is a bill of nine lines, which
has been read, recommended by the Secretary
of the Interior, and is of considerable import-
ance to my State, and I should like to have it
passed. I ask unanimous consent to consider
it. It will take but a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana asks unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider a bill (S. No. 641) to ex-
tend the provisions of an act entitled " An act
for the final adjustment of private land claims
in the States of Florida, Louisiana, California,
and for other purposes." The Chair will
inquire if the bill has been reported V
Mr. KELLOGG. It-was reported by the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That does not
appear by the indorsement. It was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. KELLOGG. The bill was on the file
of the Clerk, and I used thatbill for reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read, subject to objection or to a demand for
the regular order.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I am not willing to 
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask that the letter
which I send to the desk he read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa objects.
Mr. IIARLAN. I prefer to go on with the
appropriation bill now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropri-
ation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Iowa allow me to pass a bill in regard to coal
lands, which has been read?
Mr. HARLAN. As soon aswe get through
with the appropriation bill, I shall take great
pleasure in assisting the Senator in getting up
his bill.
Mr. KELLOGG subsequently said: The
bill to which I referred a few moments since
has been found, and I ask that it be acted on.
Senate bill No. 324, of the same title as the
bill to which I alluded, was reported by the
Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Caldwell,] from
the Committee on Private Land Claims, with-
out amendment; and I ask for its consider-
ation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless objected
to, the bill will be before the Senate, subject
to demand for the regular order if it gives rise
to any debate.
Mr. HARLAN. Is it the same bill that
was read a few moments since?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was, but at
that time it could not be found whether it
was reported. It has been since found that
it was reported (rom the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
The bill (S. No. 324) to extend the provis-
ions of an act entitled "An act for the final
adjustment of private land claims in the States
of Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri, and for
other purposes," was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to extend
for three years the provisions of the act en-
titled' "An act, for the final adjustment^ of
private land claims in the States of Florida,
Louisiana, and Missouri, and for other pur-
poses," approved June 22, 1860.
Mr. HARLAN. Iam opposed to the pas-
sage of that bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. I do not think the Sen-
ator will-object if he will hear the letter of the
Secretary read.
Mr. HARLAN. I will hear the letter read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department op the Interior,
General Land Office,
Washington, D. C., March 21, 1872.
Sir: After a very caretul consideration of Senate
bill No. 641, entitled "A bill to extend the provisions
of an act entitled 'An act for the final adjustment ot
private land claims in the States of Florida, Louisi-
ana and Missouri, and for other purposes.'" upon
which you request my opinion, I have the honor to
say that it is important that some legislation upon
thissubject should be had during the present session
of Congress, and that the act of 22d June, 1860, which
the above bill proposes to extend, contains the ne-
cessary provisions for a final and equitable adjust-
ment of titles acquired from the British, French, and
Spanish authorities in the States therein mentioned.
1 therefore respectfully recommend the passago of
the bill as submitted.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WILLIS DRUJIM0ND,
Commissioner.
Hon. "W. P. Kellogg, United States Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
indian appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
1192) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to insert as an
additional section the following:
Sf,o. —. That the Secretary of the Interior be, and
he hereby is, authorized to expend, for the removal
ot Chippewalndians to the White Earth Lake reser-
vation, in Minnesota, for their subsistence for six
months after their removal, and for improvements
on the said reservation, the unexpended balance of
appropriations heretofore made for such removal,
subsistence, &c., and now on the- books of the
Treasury Department, amounting in the aggregate
to $57,079 14.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
carry on the work of aiding and instructing the
Indians on the White Earth reservation, in .Minne-
sota, in the arts of civilization, with a view to their
self-support, conditioned upon the assent of the
Mississippi band of Chippewas to the settlement of
the Otter-Tail band of Pillagers upon the White
Earth reservation, with equal rights iu respect to
the lands within its boundaries, $25,000.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. COLE. I hope we shall act upon this
amendment first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
amendment offered by the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, the Senator from
Nebraska moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. CORBET!'. I hope not. I think we
shall be, able to dispose of this bill in a few
moments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable, if the Senator from Nebraska
insists upon it.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 12; no quorum voting.
Mr. COLE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; aud being taken, resulted—-
yeas 19, nays 20; as iollows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Boreman, Cooper,
Fenton, IIamilton of Maryland, Hill, llitcbeock,
Kc logg-, Kelly, Lewi*, Norwood, Patterson, Pool,
Kobertson, Spencer, Stevenson, Tipton, and Vick*
ers—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Caldwell, Clay-
£?.? * Conkling, CJorbett, Ferry of Michigan,
(Ailbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
