1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1175
Board of Trade, for a life-boat station at Block
Island, in the State of Rhode Island.
By Mr. GETZ: Six petitions signed by 240
citizensof Berks county, Pennsylvania, forthe
passage of an act by which distilleries may be
licensed according to their actual capacity;
such capacity to be ascertained by practical
men, understanding distilling in all its details.
By Mr. KELLEY: The memorial of the
Franklin Institute, of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, for compensation to daughter of Frank-
lin Peale, deceased.
Also, the petition of 172 manufacturers and
cigar-makers of the fourth congressional dis-
trict of Pennsylvania, asking an increase of
tariff on imported cigars.
By Mr. KERR : The memorial of Sawyer,
Wallace & Co.; Sullivan, Murphy & Co.; Nor-
ton, Slaughter & Co., and 50 others, of the
city of New York, dealers in leaf tobacco,
asking the repeal of the tax on sales of such
tobacco, and for other changes in existing
laws.
By Mr. KING: The petition of Henry
Blunck, Fritz Barr, and others, of Louisiana,
Missouri, for protection as journeymen cigar-
makers, in conjunction with the manufacturers
of cigars in the ninth congressional district of
Missouri.
By Mr. B. F. MEYERS : The petition of sun-
dry citizens of Pennsylvania, late soldiers of the
United States Army, for the passage of an act
giving to all soldiers, sailors, and marines, who
enlisted in the service of the United States for
the suppression of the late rebellion, and who
have an honorable discharge, and to the heirs
of those that are deceased, $8 S3| per month
for the entire time served, deducting all Gov-
ernment bounty heretofore paid, ana to allow
soldiers or sailors to enter the amount of land
allowed to actual settlers upon the public
domain under the act of Congress of July 15,
1870, without the requirements of settlement
and cultivation.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition of 2,000
business men of Philadelphial asking the erec-
tion of buildings sui$g,ble for the post office and
United States courts in-Philadelphia.
By Mr. NEGLEY : The memorial of H. L.
Gates, widow of General William Gates,United
States Army, asking an increase of pension.
By Mr. PECK: The petition of James Tim-
mons, publisher, of Perrysburg, Wood county,
Ohio, for an amendment to the postal laws.
By Mr. PETERS : The petition of Thomas
N. Egery and others, of Bangor and vicinity,
merchants and importers, in favor of an exten-
sion of the Penobscot customs district.
By Mr. PLATT: The petition of Fannie A.
Cooper, for value of furniture, &c., taken by
Union troops.
By Mr. POTTER: The petition of George
Swift and others, citizens of Steuben county,
New York, for a reduction of the tariff, and
free iron, salt, and coal.
By Mr. E. H. ROBERTS: Petitions of
citizens of Albany and Syracuse, New York,
asking a repeal or reduction of the duty on
pig lead.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia: The petitions
of William McKinley, Baldwin county, C. II.
Sutton, Habersham county, and F. S. Hunt,
Fulton county, Georgia, asking the removal
of their political disabilities.
By Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania: The re-
monstrance of the officers and delegates of
the Miners' and Laborers' Benevolent Associa-
tion of the western division of Pennsylvania,
on behalf of 20,000 workingmen, against the
reduction of the tariff on coal and iron.
By Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania:
The remonstrance of Broomell & Powell,
Jonathan Tyson, W. and A. Mode, paper-
makers, and others, against the passage of an
international copyright law.
By Mr. TYNER: The petition of Joseph
Tice, of Indiana, asking the passage of a spe-
cial act for his relief.
By Mr. UPSON. The petition of William
B. Hatch and others, for compensation for use
of post office marking and canceling stamp
by the United States Government.
By Mr. WALDEN. The petition of Call
k Bristol and others, stationery dealers and
printers, in regard to the sale and manufacture
of envelopes.
By Mr. WHITTHORNE. The memorial
of R. C. Russ, publisher of the Rescue, at
Shelbyville, Tennessee, for making papers
printed on one side legal mailable matter, &c.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 23, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Secretary (George C. Gohbam, esq.,)
called the Senate to order.
election of president pro tempore.
The Secretary. The Senate will come to
order. I have the following communication
from the Vice President dated the23d instant:
"Please state to the Senate that I shall be out of
the city to-day and to-morrow."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following
resolution, and ask its present consideration :
fiesoloed, That in the absence of the Vice Presi-
dent, Hon. Henry B. Anthony be, and is hereby,
chosen President of the Senate pro tempore.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent aud agioed to.
Mr. Anthony took the chair as President
pro tempore,
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary wait upon the Presi-
dent ot the United States and inform him that, in
the absence of the Vice President, the Senate lias
chosen Hon. Henry B. Anthony, a Senator from
the State ol Khodo Island, President pro tempore;
and that ho make a similar communication to the
House of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sec-
retary will read the Journal of the proceedings
of Wednesday last.
The Journal of Wednesday's proceedings
was read and approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I present a resolution of
the General Assembly of Rhode Island which
I desire to have read, laid upon the table, and
printed.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
state ol' rhode island.
In General Assembly,
January Session, A. D. 1872.
Resolution in reference to opening Indian territory
for settlements.
This General Assembly has noticed with regret an
attempt which is being made to open for settlement,
in violation of what are deemed to be treaty stipu-
lations, the territory located between Kansas and
Texas known as the " the Indian territory:" It is
therefore.
Resolved, (the senate concurring with the house
in the passage hereof,) That the General Assembly
of Rhode Island, mindful of the obligations of the
Federal Government to secure to the present inhab-
itants of that territory the rightful and peaceful
occupation thereof, hereby respectfully request our
Senators and Representatives in Congress to use
their best exertions to prevent the passage of any
law by Congress which will interfere with the present
occupation of the Indian territory by the Indian
inhabitants thereof.
Resolved further, That the efforts of the present
national Administration to introduce justice, hon-
esty, and conciliation in dealing with the Indians,
meet with the cordial approbation of this General
Assembly.
I certify the foregoing, to bo a true copy. In testi-
mony whereof 1 have hereto set my hand and affixed
the seal of the senate this 20th day of February, 1872.
JOHN R. BARTLETT,
Secretary of State.
The resolutions were ordered to be printed,
and lie on the table.
Mr. SPENCER presented the memorial of
the Legislature of Alabama, asking that the
time be extended for selecting swamp and
overflowed lands; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
be printed.
He also presented the memorial of the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Alabama, praying
the passage of a law refunding to the people
of the cotton-growing States the amount of
tax collected on cotton during the years 1865,
1866, and 1867; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented the memorial of the Gen-
eral Assembly of Alabama, asking Congress
for the revival of land grants made to the State
of Alabama before and since the war to aid
in the construction of the Elyton, Corinth,
and Tennessee River railroad, from Birming-
ham, Alabama, in the direction of Tennessee,
through the counties of Jefferson, Walker,
Winston, Marion, and Franklin; which w l
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, late soldiers of the Army of
the United States, praying for the passage of
a bill equalizing the bounties of Union sol-
diers in the late war, and also for an act grant-
ing bounty lands to the extent of one hundred
and sixty acres to each honorably discharged
soldier and sailor in the late war for the sup-
pression of the rebellion ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented two memorials of citizens
of Chambersburg, Franklin county, Pennsyl-
vania, remonstrating against a change of the
existing tariff laws abating or abolishing du-
ties upon such articles as are successfully pro-
duced in this country; which were referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of citizens
of Pennsylvania engaged in making books aa
printers, type-founders, binders, paper-makers,
&c., remonstrating against the passage of an in-
ternational copyright law; which was referred
to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of col-
ored citizens of Caldwell county, Kentucky,
who were soldiers in the late war of the rebel-
lion, asking for the passage of a bounty-land
bill; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of George
W. Price, jr., and others, colored members of
the Legislature of North Carolina, asking the
passage of the supplementary civil rights bill
introduced by Mr. Sumner ; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of North Carolina, asking that an appro-
priation be made for the purpose of widening
and deepening the Dismal Swamp canal; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of Peter
Faneuil Jones, grandson, heir, and legal rep-
resentative, and for the coheirs of Edward
Jones, deceased,- late of Boston, Massachu-
setts, praying indemnity for spoliations com-
mitted by the French between the years 1793
and 1801 ; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented the petition of Frederick
T. Walser, publisher of the National Repub-
lican, a newspaper published in the county of
Forsyth, North Carolina, praying that papers
printed on one side be made legal mailable
matter at the minimum rate fixed by Congress
on weekly newspapers and packages to news-
dealers; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CORBETT. I am requested by a large
number of respectable citizens of the State of
Oregon to present a petition asking that the
right of suffrage and citizenship be extended
to certain persons who were born in the Terri-
tory of Oregon previous to the treaty which
was ratified with Great Britain in 1846, whose
fathers were English and mothers were mem-
bers of the various tribes of Indians inhabiting
that State. It is set forth that by a recent decis-
ion of the district court of the United States,
persons, born previous to this treaty, of such
descent, are not citizens of the United States,
and therefore not entitled to vote. These per-
sons, previous to that decision, by common con
sent, had been allowed to vote, and the petl
