1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
279
I once witnessed on this floor which I shall
never forget. When the galleries were breath-
less with excitement, when they were hanging
on the utterances of every Senator as his name
was called and as he voted "yea" or':nay" on
the question of the adoption of that great Magna
Charta giving the right of suffrage forever to
the black man, my honorable friend at my
right, [Mr. Sumner.] who attempts to hamper
this great measure, who is hostile to it, and
who endeavors to fasten his amendment upon
it manifestly for no other purpose than to
defeat its passage, took his eane and hat in
his hand and walked deliberately from this
Chamber, and refused to record his vote in
favor of constitutional suffrage for the black
man in all time to come.
I respect my friend from Massachusetts,
and have respected him from boyhood; but,
sir, it is evident that he is hostile to this meas-
ure ; it is evident that other Senators whom I
see around me here are also hostile to it, and
are, I fear, endeavoring to defeat it. In Louis-
iana to-day every single requirement, every
provision of the bill which the Senator from
Massachusetts offers as an amendment, is, I
believe, with scarcely an exception, now upon
the statute-books, and I believe exists in sev-
eral other States of the South; and notwith-
standing this the Senator attempts to put me
and others in a false position before the col-
ored people of the South because some of us
insist upon voting for the bill before the Sen-
ate without any amendment, and as it came to
us from the House.
I perceive, sir, that I must talk rapidly, for
I am admonished that I have but a moment or
two; I wish I had longer time 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Take as much time as
you like. The rules have all been broken
down.
Mr. KELLOGG. If the Senate will give
me an opportunity to go on for two or three
minutes, it is all I shall ask, and I think I
ought to have that indulgence under the cir-
cumstances.
Mr. President, the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, the chairman of the committee com-
monly known as the Ku Klux committee, [Mr.
Scott,] told us yesterday that the removal of
disabilities was a measure of sound policy-
He gave abundant reasons for his belief, and
it was my intention, if I had been afforded the
opportunity, to read from his speech reasons
he urges why this measure of amnesty should
be passed, why it was a measure of sound
policy thus to bring into the front rank men
that can take office from among the wealthy
and intelligent population of the South now
disfranchised. It is a fact as true as it is unjust
that many of the peaceful, honest, respectable,
and intelligent people of the southern States
are precluded from any participation in the
government of the States in which they live,
unless it be to pay exorbitant taxes to support
in many cases worthless and corrupt office-
holders.
The Government has abandoned the prose-
cution of the most responsible of the leaders
of the rebellion ; Congress has by special acts
removed the disabilities of thousands and ap-
pointed some of them to important offices, and
yet now some leading Republicans favor a
policy which only tends to harass and aggra-
vate certain proscribed individuals, and con-
stantly keep before them and the world the
official declaration that they cannot be trusted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, it is the
duty of the Chair to remind tue Senator that
his five minutes have expired.
Mr. KELLOGG. Then I withdraw the
amendment that I offered, and move now to
strike out the last word of the pending amend-
ment. I will not trespass long on the Senate,
but I really desire to say two or three things
since I am on my feet, and 1 appeal to my
friends from the South especially, and ask
them to corroborate what I say.
I was about to say that it is a surprise to me
that as a matter of policy some of our friends
seem inclined to oppose this measure. Sir,
why are so many of the white men of the
South hostile to the Republican party? It is
mainly because they see that the Republican
party is in a measure identified with the laws
which oppress them—unjust laws that have
tended to pile a debt mountain-high upon
them, and inflicted upon them taxes, unjust
and oppressive, for the purpose of putting
money in the pockets of adventurers, who, in
many cases, have no proprietary interests in
common with the people.
Let me present one more consideration.
The Republican party is sure of the votes of
the colored element of the South. They are
Republican in all their instincts. They know
very well that the Republican party is the
party that gave them freedom and the ballot,
and they are chained to the Republican
chariot with hooks of steel. The passage of
an amnesty bill like the one under consid-
eration will strengthen us in the South, if for
no other reason because it will take from the
Democratic party the strongest argument that
they can use against us, an argument which is
most effective in inducing them to vote and
use their utmost efforts against us, but which
once' removed will bring thousands of them
into our ranks.
Now, sir, in conclusion, I am compelled to
say—and I say it with regret—that it is my
solemn and deliberate conviction, in view of
the record, that my honorable friend from
Massachusetts, than whom no other gentleman
do I respect more in this nation, is impracti-
cable in this case as, I regret to say, he has
been too often in others. As I have already
said, the colored man in the State of Louisiana
now has all the rights that the Senator's bill
would give him. I am in favor of every pro-
vision of that bill, but while I am willing to
vindicate every right of the colored man, I
still wish to be consistent, and, believing it to
be not only sound policy but a measure of
justice, I am for a measure of universal am-
nesty that with the laws already upon the
statute-book (and if they are not sufficient I
will cheerfully vote for others) will give to
every man in the South, white or black, high
or low, rich or poor, the same equality before
the law. I want to inaugurate a policy in this
and other measures that will set the South
upon the high road to prosperity, and enable
her to emerge from the difficulties that unfor-
tunately environ her at the present time and
retard her progress and development. More
than that, sir, I want to see the people of the
South, turning their backs upon the prejudices
and hostilities of the past, looking forward
only to the reconcilia'.ions and consequent
prosperity of the future.
Mr. STEWART. I think we might as well
liave an executive session now. ["No!"
"No!"] I hope there may be general con-
sent to that. I see that we are not going to
get the bill through in a satisfactory form. Is
there any objection to my making the motion ?
Mr. ROBERTSON and otheis. I object.
Mr. SCOTT. Has the Senator from Louis-
iana withdrawn his amendment?
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to st"ike out the word
"private" in the twenty-tiist line of the first
section of the pending amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum.n'eh.]^ [
do so for the purpose of saying a very few
words upon this amendment.
I have voted on every amendment that has
been offered, upon its merits. While I am
willing to vote and intend to vote for the am-
nesty bill, I do not think that. it. is absolutely
necessary that it be passed in the form in which
it came from the House of Representatives,
and I am willing to interpose a few days' delay
to get what is right. Whatever may be my
action on the bill of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts when it comes to final action, I sim-
ply make this motion to show why I cannot
vote for his amendment in its present form,
and why I think nobody else ought to vote
for it.
The first section prohibits corporations formed
by national or State authority, churches, cem-
etery companies, benevolent institutions gen-
erally, incorporated in this manner, from deny-
ing certain rights to people on account of race,
color, or condition. The second section makes
these corporations liable to a pecuniary pen-
alty for so doing, and then makes the refusal
a misdemeanor. The stockholders of these
corporations, the members of these churches,
or of these charitable institutions incorporated
by the States, may vote against the measure
which excludes colored men from their rights,
and yet, notwithstanding they do that, the last
clause of the section has this provision:
And the private property of the several individ-
uals composing the same—
The individuals composing the corporation—
shall be held liable for the forfeitures, fines, and
penalties incurred by any violation of the first sec-
tion of this act.
So that the men who in these corporations
vote to give the colored people their rights arc
absolutely liable for the forfeitures, fines, and
penalties that may be incurred by those who
as a majority outvote them.
If there were no other reason for it, this
would be a sufficient reason for me to vote
against this amendment. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. I accept the Senator's
amendment to strike out.
Mr. SCOTT. I have withdrawn it.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I modify my amend-
ment by striking out the words to which the
Senator objects, the words on lines twenty-
one and twenty-two, "and the private prop-
erty of the several individuals composing the
same;" so that my friend shall not be in peril.
Mr. SCOTT. There are other objections
which would be presented if the bill were
considered.
Mr. SUMNER. Ah! very well.
The PRESIDENTyyo tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts will
be so modified.
Mr. THUR.MAN. I move to strike out any
word that is convenient—the first word will do
as well as any—and I wish to say in regard to
that, that I never should have supposed, until
I had seen the practice of the Senate, that that
was exactly in consonance with the rule we
adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly it was com-
menced by the honorable gentleman, who was
the first who insisted on this bill being taken up,
my honorable friend from Illinois, who is not
now in his seat. I called his attention to it
at the time.
Mr. TIIQRMAN. Very well, I am not crit-
icising anybody. I only say tbat I should never
have considered that that was exactly consist-
ent with the agreement at which we had ar-
rived. I saw the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] adopted, when I
do really think that if I could have had the
ear of the SenUe for a few minutes I could
have demonstrated that that amendment ought
not to have been adopted; but 1 was not smart
enough to get at this new way of being heard
by the Senate, and the amendment has been
adopted both in committee and here.
I avail myself now of t.he practice, hoping
that it will be the first and last time i shall ever
see it, simply to say this; The Senator from
Massachusetts has declared that if his amend-
ment be not adopted lie will vote against this
bill. I have to say that if it be adopted I
shall vote against the bill, and I shall vote
against it if it be adopted jast so long as I
believe, as I do believe, that his amendment is
the most flagrant violation of the Constitution
that ever I have seen proposed in this Senate,
and I have seen some that I thought were
pretty bad. It. goes a whole bow-shot length
beyond the Ku Klux bill. It makes every
