1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
42d Cong....2d Sess.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Logan,
Senate.
their voles for one person shows that they did
not intend to be represented by the minority
candidate, and I think this decision as to our
right to look at the intention of the electors is
conclusive on one point of this case.
Mr. President, I have now gone over some
of the reported decisions, and I have detained
the Senate much longer, perhaps, than was
pleasant to them; but what I have said here-
tofore in the way of argument upon the rule
laid down in England and the United States
has been mainly outside of the statute under
which elections for Senators of the United
States are now held in the various States.
My object has been to try to show that, with-
out any statute of Congress regulating the
election of Senators, Mr. Abbott could not
claim this seat. Now, however, I come to a
new feature, one that 1 have not yet discussed,
and that is in reference to the meaning of the
statute under which this election was held.
I maintain that under the act of Congress of
July 28, 18G6, even if the rule of law is as
laid down by the Senators arguing on the side
of Mr. Abbott's case, he could not, by any
possibility, be entitled to the seat claimed.
This statute has never been construed by any
of the courts. It is entirely different from any
law of England. It has not been construed,
except so far as we may speak of the construc-
tion which was placed upon it when it was
enacted. Let me read the first section, as it
is under that that Mr. Abbott claims to be
elected. The first part applies to the election
of a Senator on the first day, when the two
houses of the Legislature vote separately.
If they fail to elect on that day, then on the
second day they meet in joint convention, and
there the statute prescribes the quorum that
shall do business or elect. The first part
provides—
"That the Legislature of each State which shall
be chosen next preceding the expiration of the time
for which any Senator was elected to represent said
State in Congress shall, on the second Tuesday after
the mooting and organization thereof, proceed to
elect a Senator in Congress in the place of such ben-
ator so going out of olhee, in the following manner :
each house shall openly, by a viva voce yo_te of each
member present, name one person for Senator m
Congress Ironi said State, and the name of the per-
son so voted for who shall have a majority of the
whole number of votes east in each house, shall be
entered on the journal of each house by the clerk or
secretary thereof."
This law has nothing to do with the English
judicial decisions to which reference has been
made. It is outside of them entirely. * It
changes the theory that has been argued in the
English decisions. It provides the manner of
electing Senators. The place of election was
named by the Legislature, but the power of
regulating the time and manner of the elec-
tion is conferred by the Constitution in the first
place on the Legislature, with a power given
to Congress to alter the State regulations or to
make new ones. Congress in this act has ex-
ercised that power; it has named the time ; it
has named the manner of the election, leaving
the place to be fixed by the Legislature itselt.
Now let us look further into its provisions, in
order to see how it ought to be construed:
"But if cither house shall fail to givesuchmajor-
ity to any person on said day, that fact shall be en-
tered on the journal. At twelve o'clock meridian
of the day following that on which proceedings are
required to take place, as aforesaid, the members of
the two houses shall convene in joint assembly, and
the journal of each house shall then bo read, and it
the same person slndl have received a majority of
all tile volet, in e.ich house, such person shall be
declared duly elected Senator to represent said
State in tlie Congress of the United States; but it
tho same person shall not have received a maionty
of the votes east in cncll house, or li either house
shall have failed to take proceedings as required by
this act, the joint a-sembiy shall then proceed to
choose, by a viva voce vote of each member present,
a person for the purpose aforesnul, and a person
having a majority of all the votes ol thejsuid J011^
assembly, a majority ot all the members elected to
both houses being present and votxngj a hall >c
declared elected."
Tho distinction is this: on the first day,
the State itself fixing the quorum, this statute
provides that a majority of that quorum shall
je required to effect an election ; but on the
second day, when the two houses meet together
in joint convention, the houses separately
having failed to elect, then Congress fixes the
quorum. Why? Because Congress authorizes
the two houses of the Legislature to meet to-
gether to do a certain act, to elect a Senator
to represent them in this body. Congress,
therefore, provides what shall be a quorum.
On the second day it requires a majority of all
the members elected to the Legislature to elect
a person to this body, and on the first day it
requires a majority of all the votes cast to
elect, there being a quorum present in each
house. There is the distinction.
In North Carolina the constitution of the
State declares that a quorum shall consist of a
majority of the members elected, and that no
business shall be proceded with unless a quo-
ram is present. Now, a majority beipgpresent
in both houses of the Legislature, they pro-
ceeded to elect a Senator. In one house, out
of 105 votes Mr. Abbott received 32 votes,
and in the other, out of 48 votes he received 11.
Now, sir, what is the law? "That the Legisla-
ture of each State," &c., "shall proceed to elect
a Senator in the following manner." How?
Bach house shall openly, by a viva voce vote
of each member present," do what? "Name
one person for Senator in Congress;" each
house shall name a person for Senator; "and
the name of the person so voted for who shall
have the majority of the whole number of votes
cast in each house shall be entered on the
journal of each house by the clerk," and a
majority of the whole number of votes cast
in each house are required to elect. Not a
majority of all the votes cast for an eligible
person; not a majority of all votes cast for a
white man, for a black man, for a red man;
but a majority of all the votes cast. What
does that mean ? Does it mean a minority of
all the votes cast? Yet this claimant says he is
elected. How? By 11 votes in the Senate
out of 48 cast. Is that a majority of all the
votes cast? No, sir. How, then, is he elected?
He has eleven votes, and the other members
voted for an ineligible person.
But theirs were votes, were they not? If
they were votes cast, under this statute the per-
son elected is required to have a majority of
them, and Mr. Abbott did not have that ma-
jority in either house. If he only had less than
one fourth of the votes in one house, and one
third of the votes in the other, how can it be
said that he was elected? On this state of
the vote, if Mr. Abbott had had no opposition, if
no candidate had been against him, he would
not have been elected. If all except those
who voted for him had cast blank votes, he
would not have been elected; he would not
have had a majority of a quorum. Yon cannot
count votes against him to make a quorum,
and yet not count them against him in the
election. But those who did not vote for him
did cast votes, and these votes were cast for a
person, and they having voted for a person, the
law is complied with. When you say to me
that they voted for an ineligible person, and
thereby lost their votes, I tell you, sir, that it
is not their fault, it is yours. You made this
statute. If you intended that the votes cast
for an ineligible candidate should not be
counted, why did you not put in your law a
provision that all votes cast tor a person ineli-
gible to hold the ofiice of United States Sena-
tor shall be nullities, and the votes cast for the
minority man, who is eligible, shall elect
If your statute had done that, your law would
have been complied with in this instance by
seating Mr. Abbott, but you not having done
it, your law as it stands to-day having been
complied with by the members of the Legisla-
ture of North, Carolina, iu the election ot Mr,
Vance, all you have to do is to decide whether
he should have his scat were he applying. If
not, then another election would be the result.
You cannot decide that a man for whom the
majority of the Legislature did not vote when
voting shall have a seat in this body. That
proposition under this statute is utterly pre-
posterous, in my judgment.
Mr. President, I may not be properly in-
formed in reference to the history of this
statute; but if I am not, there are Senators
here who are, and who can correct me if I
mistake it. My understanding is the statute
originated under circumstances connected
with the election as Senator of a gentleman
now occupying a seat in this body from New
Jersey. He came here then claiming to be
elected by the votes of a plurality of the mem-
bers of the Legislature of his State, they hav-
ing resolved that a plurality should elect, but
he was finally ousted from his seat. I do not
know how the committee stood in that case,
but he claimed his seat because he had a plu-
rality vote, and the Senate did not allow him
his seat because he did not have a majority,
and on that case I understand this statute was
based. If, before this statute was passed, the
Senate would not allow a man to take a seat
here who was elected by a plurality of votes,
and then made this statute on account of that
case in order to prevent a recurrence of the
same thing and provided in if that a person .
in order to be elected Senator should have a
majority of the votes cast, I want some one
to tell me, taking the two things together,
how the Senate can seat a man who had but
11 votes out of 48 in one branch and but 32
votes out of 105 in the other branch of
the Legislature? Surely that would be giving
this statute such a construction as it never was
intended to have. Such a construction woultfc
be not only doing violence to the statute, but
the theory which has been maintained in this
country from the beginning.
Mr. President, the political aspect of this
case should cut no figure either one way or
the other, and I am sure it does not with any
member of the committee. I do not think
there is any man on the committee who would
for a moment be influenced by the politics of
any of the gentlemen concerned. I have no
such idea; but I do say that no set of men
taking this statute and examining it, and apply-
ing it to the facts in this case, can decide it
upon any legal principle so as to give this seat
to Mr. Abbott. It cannot be done ; it has to
be decided outside of this law; it has to be
decided upon some collateral question, some-
thing that ought not to have anything to do
with the case.
But let me proceed further, in my examin-
ation-of the statute as to what is to be done
by the Legislature. As the name of each
member is called he votes for Mr. Abbott,
or Mr. Vance, or Mr. Somebody else, and the
names and votes are recorded ; a regular poll-
list is made. That record is made in each
house, and there that record remains. And
then what are they required to do ?
"The whole number of votes cast in each house
shall be entered on the journal ot each house by tbo
clerk or secict.uy thereof, but if either house shall
fail to give such majority to any }>erson on said uay
that fact shall be entered on the journal. At tweli e
o'clock meridian ot the day tallowing tiat on wmott
proceedings are required to take place as aiolcsaid,
tho members ot tho two houses shall convene in
joint assembly, and the journal of eaeh house snail
then be read, and u the same pei-on sh.t.l
i eceived a majority of all the votes in cacti house,
tuch person shall be declared duly elected senator
toResent smd Stat, in the Congress of the Uni-
ted States • but if the same person shall not have
received a majority of the votes m each house, or
if either house shall have failed to take prococdmjfs
as required by this net"
What is required? They go on and read
the journal of tho preceding day's separate
action of each house, and then declare what?
Declare the election, That is ail that is to be
