^ 1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2967
long experience at the head of that committee
entitles what- he says to the highest consider-
ation, tells us that at such a time there were so
many vessels, and that they have been contin-
ually reduced, some sold and some disposed
of in other ways ; he cannot tell how. Well,
ought we not to know? Is it not pertinent
that we should know? Now I want to read
officially a little piece of information on this
subject, not from any source that is not enti-
tled to the confidence of the Senate. The last
report of the Secretary of the Navy shows that
in all there were one hundred and seventy-nine
vessels of the higher class:
"More than four hundred of the six hundred and
fifty vessels that Mr. Weils bought, equipped, or
chartered, have gone. Some have decayed; some
have sunk; soma have been sold. Of those rhat
have been sold some money lias Rone into the Treas-
ury, but tlie amount thus received has been very
small compared with the money which it cost to
build them."
How much money ? When received ? How
received? How expended? Was it added to
the expenditures oi the Government? If so,
those moneys have to be added to the annual
expenditures of the Navy. Is there a Senator
who can tell me, unless he knows what has
become of this money, how much the annual
expenditures of the Navy have been? And
when my honorable frieud, the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, says that
it cost $19,000,000last year, how does he know
what other moneys have been received fiom
damaged store? or from other property sold ?
I will not say there is any, but I say we want
the information. I say we cannot act judi-
ciously without the iniormation. I make no
charges; I desire to make none until I can be
sustained by the record.
It will not do to say that the present Secre-
tary of the Navy came in only two years ago.
The Republican parly have had this entire
Government for twelve years, and they are
responsible if there has been maladministra-
tion, of which I know nothing. I have not
the information upon which, as a member of
this committee, to act; and if gen tlemen really
desire light, let us lay this bill on the table
until this report, which has been made to the
House of Representatives and is now in the
hands of the Printer, can be laid before the
Sen ate. Then we may find everything to be
right; everything to be square. If so. we can
theu go on and aid my gallant friend from
New Jersey in fitting up such a Navy as the
necessities, the safety, the honor, and the glory
of the country demand.
But, again, the fact that we have to deal
with is that the Navy, as reported by the Sec-
retary, embraces only out oi' six hundred and
fifty vessels, one hundred and seventy-nine,
and of vessels at sea we have but thirty-six,
including steam, sail and iron-elads. That
is the sum total of our present Navy upon all
the waters of the globe. This makes class
number one. The second class embraces
vessels that are suitable for reliefs ; in other
words, vessels which can be fitted out from
day to day to take the place of vessels that
have run themselves out and are sent home
for repair. 'Ihese make class number two—
vesiels suitable when required and prepared
to be sent out to keep up the number of naval
vessels in our squadron. The number of that
class h fourteen. Then there is a class num-
bering less than the second class which can
be fitted up on emergencies ; that is, if we
snould have war or if the little cloud in the
sky that has been disturbing u$ should require
tfaetn to be got ready.
Now, I say to honorable Senators on this
floor that in desiring this information it is
°nty that we may act and legislate wisely. If
there has been any malapptopriation of this
money, (which I do not even insinuate, nor
tttake the slightest charge, for God forbid that
I should do so when I have not the means of
information,) I take it that, Senators on both
sides of the Chamber would rejoice to bring it
to light. But what is much more important,
what addresses itself to the judgment and dis-
cretion of every Senator on this floor, is that
if all the money has been wasted which is
admitted both in the other House and in
this to have been wasted in repairs and experi-
ments, we ought to have all these facts before
us so that in future appropriations we may
avoid these difficulties and make every dollar
that we appropriate tell; buildup the Navy
efficiently with iron clads if it is deemed that
that those are the best; avoid all the mistakes
of the past; see what those mistakes have
been, and then legislate wisely and well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, Senators
on this side and on the other side have been
asking the Committee on Appropriations very
definitely, particularly my honorable friend
the chairman of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to tell them how much the expenditures
of the Navy Department have been for the
past few years. The chairman of the Judiciary
Committee says he can tell within $5,000,000
how much the expenditures for the judiciary
have been. I should like to have him try, be-
cause it would be an interesting subject. Now,
for the information of my friend Irotu Illinois
and my friend from Kentucky I will state from
the official statement of the Treasury how much
these expenditures have been. I have a doc-
ument which we keep in the committee and
always on hand to answer the inquiries
of the curious at all times. These expendi-
tures are not what may be said to be appro-
priations necessarily. It is not a list of the
appropriation bills, but it is a statement of
eveiy dollar that has been paid on account of
the Navv Department, its net expenditures
during the last ten years, I wiil say, and it
gentlemen wish to go further I will accommo-
date them.
Senators eannotbe ignorant that it was law-
ful for every Department of this Government
during the good old Democratic times and dur-
ing the war and during the quasi Democratic
time of Andrew Johnson to spend all the
money it could get out of Congress, all the
money it had left over from previous appro-
priations, all the money it received from sales
of old stores. The law gave it a right to ex-
pend all this for the purposes of the Depart-
ment. Therefore the expenditures down to
the 1st of July, 1870, might have been, and
generally were, sometimes largely, sometimes
a little, in excess of the appropriation for that
year as it appeared on the statute-book, because
the law had declared that the old appropriations
and the unexpended balances might be used.
One of the first acts of this Administration
and cf the Congress that supported it was to
change that and to provide that nothingshould
be expended except that which was appropri-
ated for the current year. That took effect oil
the 1st of July, 1870. So that since then gen-
tlemen may be sure that there have been no
expenditures in excess of the appropriations.
I agiee that we ought to have all the informa-
tion on that subject, but I will add, supposing
sales to be included, thai taking up the finance
report year by year, as laid before us at the
opening of every session, and studying it for
an hour or two, there is not a Senator who
cannot, if he has a pencil in his hand and a
piece of paper before him, tell exactly how
much money has been obtained from the sale
of old stores, how much money has been spent,
how much money has been appropriated, and
come to his conclusion whether there has been
any abuse or not.
The fact is that we do not study the finance
report as much as we ought to. It would save
a great deal of suspicious intervention into the
affairs of this Government by people who
sometimes discover what is called a mare's
nest.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Vermont allow me to ask a question? _ I
understood him to say that since 1S70 the
Department has not been permitted to make
use of money derived from property sold with-
out an appropriation. Am I right?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Partly right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And that in former
years whatever was realized from the sale of
old material was permitted by the law to be
used by the Department; but since then it is
not so ?
Mr. EDMUNDS: The Senator is substan-
tially correct, with this exception ; take the pro-
vision about oidnance that we had such a
dreadful caterwauling about not long since,
the law there provides that the proceeds of
ordnance and ordnance stores sold frosi time
to time may be used to repair and fit up
things for sale so that a certain sum would
come out of that, and so on; there may be
some little qualification of that kind.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have before me the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury made
at the present session, in which it is stated
that the expenditures for the year ending the
80th of June, 1871, were for the War Depart-
ment $35,799,901 82 ; and theu there is afoot
note: "this is the net amount after deduct-
ing $8,280,093 IS repaid into the Treasury as
proceeds of sales of ordnance, <fec. The true
expenditures were $44,080,084 95," showing
that, the amount we appropriated was $35,-
000.000 in round numbers, and the amount
expended was §44,000,000.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now, if my good friend
from Illinois would devote a little more time to
this finance report he would discover another
thing; that by the provisions of Jaw the War
Department is empowered with the right and
the duty to settle up the oid war claims that are
still existing in the commissary and quarter-
master department to an immense amount;
and provision is made by law out of these old
appropriations that these ancient claims may
be paid from time to time as they are finally
adjusted and allowed. So that the expend-
itures of the War Department, in entire har-
mony with what I have been saying about the
appropriations, necessarily every year—and it
will be so for years to come—are in excess of
the appropriations that we make for the cur-
rent expenditures, because the Senator, if he
will look at the appropriation bills as he some-
times does, will find that we never appropriate
in the Army appropriation bills anything for
paying oid claims; it is only for carrying
on the present and current operations of the
Artny. So my friend wiil find that he deceives
h.msesf if he supposes that the War Depart-
ment is either spending as a fact, or that it
has the right in law to spend, a cent for the
current expenditures of the War Department
except that which is appropriated, and the
difference which my friend sees there he will
find explained in the way I have stated.
Now, to letuiu to the Navy, this riding an
opposition one foot on land and the other on
the sea, and changing from sea to land as fast
as you find yourself cornered in one Depart-
ment, is perhaps more than I can carry on ;
I will devote myself now to the Navy for a
minute or two. In the first place, lee me tell
the honorable Senator from Illinois that the
force of the Navy has by Congress and by this
Administration, since Mr. Johnson left the
executive chair, been restored to precisely
what it was in 1860, before the war ; that is,
a total of eighty-five hundred men all told,
including two hundred and fifty boys. W«
have gone back under this Administration to
where we stood before the war, notwithstand-
ing the vastly increased interests of the coun-
try. So much for that. I have already staled
that we have since, this Administration came
in made this provision against applying to the
current expenditures of the Department any
money that was left over or received from any
o'her source. We provided for that in the
first year we came in, Now the honorable
Senator from Kentucky says there have been
twelve years of Republican rule that ought to
be investigated.
