3864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
adjournment till monday.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
when the House adjourns to-day ii be to meet
on Monday next. When that motion was
made a short time since I had not had an op-
portuniiy to consult with the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Dawes.]
I make the motion now after consultation
with him.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the yeas and
nays on.that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, there
being six in the affirmative, not one fifth of
the last vote.
The motion of Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, was
then agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I rise for the
purpose of asking the House 
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. SHANKS. I rise to present a priv-
ileged report.
The SPEAKER^r'o tempore. The Chair had
recognized the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Poland] to submit a report from a committee
of conference—a question of the highest priv-
ilege. The gentleman from Vermont gave way
t.o the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
by the general consent of the House, to enable
him to make a motion for adjourning over,
with the understanding that the gentleman from
Vermont should afterward be recognized.
Mr. DICKEY. I rise to a question of higher
privilege. I move that this House do now
adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Is it in order to lay the
report on the table for the present?
Mr. DICKEY. I for one do not propose
I hut these gentlemen shall override the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. POLAND. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Dickey] has not the floor to
make that motion.
Mr. COGHL \N. I rise to a point of order.
My point is that this is a session set apart
especially for business of the Committee of
Claims, and that no other business is in order
or can be entertained except by unanimous
consent.
Mr, POLAND. Why, sir, yesterday by
special arrangement under the rules of the
House, enforced also by unanimous consent,
the Committee for the District of Columbia
were entitled to the day after two o'clock;
yet we were taken off the floor by a conference
report.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If the ses-
sion of the House for this Friday evening
[laughter] had been specially assigned for
business of the Committee of Claims, to the
exclusion of all other business, the point of
the gentleman from California [Mr. CoGH-
i,an] would unquestionably be well taken;
but the Clerk informs the Chair that the order
assigning this evening to the Committee of
Claims for their report was not to the exclu-
sion of all other business. The Chair, there-
fore, overrules the point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. With this report pending
before the House, is it not still in order to
move an adjournment?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It would
undoubtedly be in order to move an adjourn-
ment 
Mr. DICKEY. I have made that motion
several times already, and I now renew it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
cannot recognize the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Dickey] for that motion for this
reason: thegentleman from Vermont had risen
to make a conference report, which is a ques-
tion of the highest privilege. He yielded to
enable the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gab-
field] to make his motion, upon the assurance
of being again recognized as soon as the mo-
tion of the gentlema.n from Ohio was disposed
of. Having become thus entitled to the floor,
he is recognized by the Ghair in preference even
to a gentleman who rises to move to adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. Pending the reading of
that report, is it not in order to move to lay it
on the table temporarily?
The SPEAKE R pro tempore. Unquestion
ably.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make that motion.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the report till Mon-
day next at twelve o'clock.
Mr. POLAND. Why, Mr. Speaker, the
consideration of- the report which I submit
would not take half a minute. Each one of
these gentlemen has taken more time than the
disposition of the report would occupy.
district jail.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk
will read the report before the Chair will enter-
tain any motion in regard to it. ,
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the amendments
to the bill (11. R. No. 1552) in relation to the con-
struction of a new jail for the District of Colum-
bia, having met, after full and free conference have
agreed ro recommend, and do recommend to their
respective Houses, as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the second amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: on page
2 of said amendment, lino one, after the word M hun-
dred" msertthe words "and twenty-five;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
LUKE P. POLAND,
H. U. STARKWEATHER,
C. A. ELD HEDGE.
Managers ort the part o/ the House.
CHARLES SUMNER,
GEORGE VIUKERS,
FREDERICK A. SAWYER,,
Managers on thepnrt of th,e Senate.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
understands the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
IIolman] to withdraw his motion that a vote
may be taken on agreeing to the report.
Mr. CONGER. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to 5 and accordingly
(at eight o'clock and fifteen minutes a. 111.,
Saturday, May 25,) the House adjourned until
Monday next.
petitions, ktc.
The following petitions, kc., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of George
Catlm, praying that his collection of Indian
portraits, costumes, &c., may be purchased by
the Government.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of H. C.
Wells, William Hubart, and others, of Michi-
gan, soldiers in the late war, in favor of a
bounty of $8 33J per month.
Also, the petition of Joseph Chubb and
others, of Macomb county, Michigan, in favor
of a bounty bill of $100.
By Mr. HALSEY: The memorial of citi-
zens of New Jersey, asking Congress not to
alter the Constitution of the United States
so as to allow a person of foreign birth to be
made President.
By Mr. MITCHELL: The petition of former
members of first regiment of Wisconsin volun-
teers enlisted under the first proclamation of
President Lincoln, praying a bounty of $100
to each of .said members.
By Mr. PRINDLli: The petition of the
heirs of Captain Joshua Chamberlain, an officer
of the revolutionary war, praying half pay
and bounty land.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, May 25, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. POOL. I move that the reading of the
Journal be dispensed with, and that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 2192.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from North Carolina asks that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with, and
that the Senate proceed to consider the bill in
regard to a court in North Carolina. Is there
objection?
Mr. VICKERS. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland objects.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
Journal.
Mr. POOL. The Senator from Maryland
objected by mistake. He now withdraws his
objection.
fhe VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
further objection, the reading of the Journal
will be dispensed with, and the bill indicated
by the Senator from North Carolina is taken
up. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the Senator pro-
ceeds, I hope the Senator will not interfere
with me 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
does not object?
Mr. SUMNER. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Chair
understands that the bill is taken up by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to make a correc-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
bill, the Senator from Massachusetts asks
unanimous consent to make a personal state-
ment The Chair hears no objection.
peusonal explanation.
Mr. SUMNER. I find in the New York
Times of yesterday what purports to be a re-
port of the debate in executive session the day
before on what is understood to be the pend-
ing treaty with Great Britain. I have no
right to make a statement of what I said, or
anybody else said, in executive session, but
I have a right to vindicate myself against
calumny, and to deny speeches falsely attrib-
uted to me. The New York Times contains
a speech said to have been made by me, which
is a fabrication ; and I particularly denounce
as absurd and ridiculous this statement attrib-
uted to me :
" Great Britain should have been promptly noti-
fied, when she proposed to break up the tribunal,
that the result would be war."
There is not a Senator within the sound of
my voice who does not know that I never
uttered any such thing, in open session or in
executive session. I deny it positively.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to occupy one half
of a second. I should not have done so but
that the Senator from Massachusetts has. I
merely rise to say that I hope the Senate and
the public will not understand, because other
Senators say nothing in relation to the stories
which are circulated in the newspapers as to
what has taken place in confidence, it is
thereby to be inferred tbat there is any truth
whatever in any of these statements. That is
all I wish to say.
courts in north carolina.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will now report the bill before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
2192) to establish a western judicial distiict of
North Carolina.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not suppose that
