2072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
tional obligation, because we were fearfully
cheated in that treaty of 1866._ We not only
became liable for their annuities, so that they
did not. lose anything by going into the rebel
lion, but there was a pro vision in it nnder which
they claim some two million dollars for some
old claim which had been pressed on Congress.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator is
slightly in error. What he now refers to relates
to the Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians, not
the Cherokees.
Mr. STEWART. It was in that batch of
treaties made in 1866.
Mr. HARLAN. While the honorable Sen-
ator is looking for the text of the treaty, I
■wish to make one observation. It may be
that Congress did wrong not to confiscate the
lands that they had deeded to the Indians.
Had the Government confiscated the lands
which had been deeded to white people, then
I think it would have been right to confiscate
the real estate of the Indian tribes. These
Cherokees were not by any means all_ rebels.
A part of them did go into the rebellion, but
there were some two regiments, 1 think, of
Cherokees—I am sure there was one regiment
of Cherokees—that went into the Union army
and fought all the way through-, and did noble
service in the* Union army, as I have been
informed by officers who were high in com-
mand in our armies ; and I do not think it is
quite just to insist that we ought to have con-
fiscated their real estate when not one inch of
real estate belonging to anybody else was con-
fiscated.
Mr. STEWART. We abolished slavery in
the South, did we not?
Mr. HAKLAN. So these treaties abolished
it in the Indian country.
Mr. STEWART. .No, they abolished negro
slavery but they did not abolish Indian slavery.
You recognize Indian nobility' and Indian
caste; and yoa talk about the Cherokees being
here. Of course they are here, the nabobs
* ■ are here riding about your streets. They get-
the money you appropriate. We ought to
abolish Indian aristocracy, Indian caste. We
should not give this couutry to the chiefs; the
Indian people should have it. Whenever you
abolish that which is worse than slavery—and
there never can be any civilization while it
exists—then something will be done. We
did not restore to the southern rebels a fran
chise of nobility, but we did restore a franchise
of nobility to Indian chiefs in that country,
■which excludes civilization, which gives the
nobles of that country power to prevent your
civilization, and all yuur efforts to civilize
Indians must necessarily fail as long as the
chiefs have the franchise of nobility. That
should be abolished. I do not believe in con-
fiscating anyprivate rights, but the Indians do
not appear to have any private rights at all.
There is no legislation to let them have private
rights, and I say private rights aie the first
step toward civilization.
As long as these lands are held by tribes and
nations, so long you will .have no civilization.
The Indians will disappear ; no man will work
fora community. Communism has been tried
here. There have been experiments of that
kind among white men, and you cannot get
them to work. They lead to barbarism after
awhile. You do not give the Indian any
chance to become civilized ; you do not let
him have private property. That is what I
complain of this whole system for. What I
complain of your organization in the Indian
territory for is because no Indian has the
slightest motive to exertion. If an Indian
raises a patch of corn in common, the others
eat it up. Anybody that has been in that
country will tell you so. There is no chance
for Indians who want to do anything. I suppose
this is the clause of the treaty:
" The lands herein coded shall be surveyed as pub-
lie lands of the United States are surveyed, under
the direction of the Commissioner of the Ueneral
Land Office; shall bo appraised by two disinterested
persons, one to be designated by the Cherokees m
general council and one by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and in case of disagreement by a third person.
And it goes on to provide that the appraise-
ment stated be not less than an average of
$1 25 per acre. _   , .
What in the world does this mean? Is this
the provision under which this is to be done ?
"The Cherokee nation hereby cedes in trust to
the United States the tract of land in the btate of
Kansas"—
Is this in the State of Kansas ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. You have sev-
eral things to learn before yt>u can make a
good speech on Indian affairs. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEWART. I have not got the right
section, evidently. This relates to the State
of Kansas. I doubt very much whether there
is any provision for this thing. It seems to me
that those who advocate it should be able to
enlighten the Senate on this question to show
us the treaty under which they claim that these
lands should be appraised. I protest against
the passage of this appropriation until the
treaty provision is shown on which it is based.
Certainly, as a general proposition, we do not
want to send the President out to ascertain
the value of lands that belong to the United
States.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to; and after five
minutes spent in executive session the doors
were reopened, and (at four o'clock and fifty-
one minutes p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 1, 1872.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bctler, D. D.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order during the morning hour
is the-calling of the States and Territories for
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
for reference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into the House by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures may be presented for printing
and reference. The morning hour now begins
at twenty-two minutes after twelve o'clock.
MARTIIA L. HAMBLETON.
Mr. FRYE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2126) for the relief of Martha L. Hambleton ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
widow, etc., of alpha richardson.
Mr. BELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2127) for the relief of the widow and heirs of
Alpha Richardson ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Patents, aud ordered to be printed.
removal of charge of desertion.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2128) directing the removal of the charge of
desertion in certain cases; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
tracks and depots of steam railways.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a joint reso-
lution (H. R. No. 118) for a commission to
regulate and arrange tracks and depots of
steam railways in the city of' Washington ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
JOEL c. o. WINCH.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2129) for the relief of Joel C. C. Winch;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
s151e0n sarnsworth.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2130) granting a pension to Simeon Farns-
worth, of Danville, Vermont; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions .and War
of 1812, and ordered to be printed.
william joslin.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill (H.R.
No. 2131) for the relief of William Joslin;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
duties on lumber.
Mr. SMITH, of Vermont, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 2132) to modify the duties on the
various kinds of lumber, and to provide for a
drawback on lumber reexported; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
property, etc., withheld from deserters.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2133) to appropriate
certain property and money withheld lrom
deserters and others to the support of disabled
volunteer soldiers; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
extension of patents.
' Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No." 2134) for the ex-
tension of patents in certain eases; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Pattnts, aud ordered to be
printed.
public building, north providence.
Mr. EAMES introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2135) authorizing the construction of a build-
ing in North Providence, Rhode Island, for a
post office and other public offices; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and ordered to be printed.
inspector general's department.
Mr, SLOCUM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2136) authorizing the promotion of an
officer of the Inspector General's department,
United States Army; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
maky a. t. loo.mis.
Mr. SLOCQM also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2137) granting a pension to Mary A. T.
Lootnis ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
zends bradley.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 2138) granting a pension to Zenus
Bradley, of Allen, Alleghany county, New
York ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
ligiit-siiip, new york.
Mr. TOWNSEND. of New York, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 2139) to restore the light-ship
on former wreck of the Scotland, New York
harbor ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
professor of dental surgery, west point.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2140) creating a pro-
fessorship of deutal surgery at United States
Military Academy, West Point; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
