1176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
tioners ask that a law be passed giving them
the right of citizenship and to vote. I move
that the petition be referred to the Committee
On the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Virginia, requesting Con-
gress to take up and at once act upon the ques-
tion of the tax upon tobacco, by enacting a
uniform rate of tax upon ail kinds and descrip-
tions of manufactured tobacco and snuff, at
the lowest possible rate consistent with the
interest of the General Government; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I also present the memo-
rial of A. P. Derrick, setting out that she is
the widow of W. S. Derrick, formerly chief
clerk of the State Department; that between
the years 1841 and 1852 he was appointed by
the President at different times acting Secre-
tary of State, and performed those duties
during the aggregate period of two hundred
and sixty-three days ; that the salary of the
Secretary of State for that time would amount
to $4,323 29. Deducting therefrom the sal-
ary of chief clerk would leave a balance of
$2,882 20, to which she considers herself enti-
tled. I move that this petition be referred to
the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented a resolution of
the Legislature of Nebraska, in favor of the
establishment of a new land district in that
State; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petition of J.
Fiedler, praying for an increase of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
H. D. Moore, senator of the fourteenth dis-
trict of the Legislature of Kansas, and other
representatives of that Slate, residents on the
Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas, praying the
passage of the bill (S. No. 658) for the relief
of actual settlers upon the Cherokee neutral
lands in Kansas; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, late soldiers of the Army of the
United States, praying for the passage of an
act granting a bounty of $8 30} a month to
all honorably discharged soldiers and sailors
for the entire time served, and for an amend-
ment to the twenty-fifth section of the act ap-
proved July 15, 1870, so us to permit soldiers
or sailors to enter the amount of land therein
allowed without the requirements of settle-
ment and cultivation ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I present a
memorial of fourteen lumbermen of Monta-
gue, Michigan, representing the manufacture
of over one hundred million feet of lumber,
protesting against the passage of the Chicago
relief bill in its pending form. I move that
it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
_ Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented the peti-
tion of citizens of Michigan, late soldiers in the
United States Army, praying an equalization
of bounties and an amendment to the act ap-
proved July 15, 1870, so as to permit soldiers
and sailors to enter the amount of land therein
allowed without the requirements of settle-
ment and cultivation; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
R. Adelia Foster, widow of the late Lieuten-
ant Colonel George Foster, sixty-seventh New
York volunteers, praying for an increase of
pension ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. POOL presented the petitions of John
F. Hoke, of Lincolnton, North Carolina; of
Gideon Hill, of Forsyth county, North Caro-
lina ; of Thomas M. Moore, of Randolph
county, North Carolina; of \V. L. Tate, of
Waynesville, North Carolina; and of R. S.
Perry, of Wake county, North Carolina, pray-
ing the removal of their political disabilities;
which were referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont,
it was
Ordered, That Joseph M. Buckland have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers from the files of
the Senate.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 407) to punish stock gambling by
public officers, and for other purposes, re-
ported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 188) to ex-
tend the time in which certain offenses may be
prosecuted, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 88) to amend an
act entitled "An act to divide the State of
Virginia into two judicial districts," reported
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition relating to the same
matter, asked to be discharged from its far-
ther consideration, a bill on that subject hav-
ing already passed; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 120) to extend
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, re-
ported adversely thereon, and moved its indefi-
nite postponement; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (8. No. 231) to provide
for the appointment of an additional associate
justice of the Supreme Court, and for other
purposes, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 268) relating to
writs of execution and other final process in
courts of the United States, reported adversely
thereon, and moved its indefinite postpone-
ment ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 270) to promote
the collection of internal revenue, repoited
adversely thereon, and moved its indefinite
postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 525) making
an appropriation to enable the President of the
United States to perfect and put in force such
rales regulating file civil service as may, from
time to time, be adopted by him, have in-
structed me to report it back, andrceommend
its indefinite postponement; and in lieu of it
I report, by. direction of the committee, an
amendment to the general appropriation bill,
of which I give notice to the Committee on
Appropriations. I send the amendment to
the Chair, that it may be laid before the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. I ask that the bill
be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest
that it be laid on the table for the present, as
my colleague is absent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Your colleague has
agreed to this report.
Mr._ MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I make
no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection, the bill will be indefinitely
postponed. The Chair hears none, and it is
so ordered.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
memorial of citizens of the District protesting
against iho assent of Congress to the subscrip-
tion of the District of Columbia to the stock
of the Piedmont and Potomac Railroad Com-
pany, and also protesting against sundry other
acts by the Legislative Assembly of the District,
reported a bill (S. No. 691) giving the assent
of Congress to the subscription of the District
of Columbia to the stock of the Piedmont and
Potomac Railroad Company; which was read,
and passed to the second reading.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 507) to authorize the estab-
lishment of ocean mail steamship service
between the United States and Mexico, re-
ported it with amendments, and submitted a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 671) to authorize the West
Wisconsin Railway Company to keep up and
maintain a bridge for railway purposes across
Lake St. Croix, at the city of Hudson, in the
State of Wisconsin, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. KELLY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 241) for the relief of Chaun-
cey M. Lockwood, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted a report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
John D. Hester, a soldier of the war of 1812,
praying to be allowed a pension, submitted an
adverse report thereon, and asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration.
The committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition, and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Ann E. Boyle,
widow of Commodore Junius J. Boyle, United
States Navy, praying to be allowed a pension,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of Thomas M.
Redd, praying compensation for the destruc-
tion of his house and contents in Kentucky by
order of Colonel Hicks yi March, 1864, sub-
mitted a report thereon, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 692) for the relief of Thomas M. Redd.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 161) for
the relief of those suffering from the destruc-
tion of the salt works near Manchester, Ken-
tucky, pursuant to the orders of Major Gen-
eral Carlos Buell, reported it without amend-
ment, and submitted a report; which was
ordered to be printed;
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the memorial of
Joseph L. Stevens, of Maine, praying for a
pension, submitted an adverse report thereon ;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of discharged sol-
diers from tho Soldiers' Home, asking for an
increase of pension, submitted an adverse re-
port thereon; which was ordered to be printed;
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Polly Chamber-
lain, of Plainfield, New Hampshire, praying
to be allowed a pension, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LOGAN. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 331) to amend an act entitled
"An act granting pensions to certain soldiers
and sailors of the war of 1812, and the widow!,
of deceased soldiers," approved February 14,
1871, to ask to be discharged from its further
consideration, for the reason that the bill is «.
precise copy of the law as it exists at the.
present time.
The committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
