1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
anything I can say will stay the passage of this
bill; but I think the Senate ought to know
what it is and lo vote upon it understandingly.
My views I expressed the other day in opposi-
tion to the creation of these new districts.
Now I hope Senators will vote understand-
ingly, and let us know what we are doing.
The State of North Carolina now constitutes
one district. Courts are held in that State
now by law at four places; and it is by this
bill proposed to divide the State of North
Curoiina into two districts, to have another
judge, another district, attorney, and another
marshal, and all the paraphernalia of two dis-
tricts in North Carolina, and to hold court at
three more places. If this bill pass United
States courts will be held at seven places in
North Carolina, an agricultural State, with no
city of any considerable size, no admiralty
business of any consequence. You divide the
State «f North Carolina, with a population of
a million, into two districts, and hold the
courts in seven places.
I am sorry to say the Judiciary Committee
has reported in favor of this bill. _ The Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] introduced
a bill to divide the State of Indiana in two
judicial districts. Indiana has got a popula-
tion one thiid more than North Carolina; it
has got five times the Federal judicial business
of North Carolina. It, has a city in it, the city
of Indianapolis, of fifty thousand people or
more. There is no such city in North Caro-
lina, or anything like it. The committee
reported against dividing the State of Indiana
into two districts. A bill was introduced by
the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Wright] the
other day to divide the State of Iowa into two
districts. The State of Iowa is a larger State
than the State of North Carolina, much larger
in population, and the State in territorial
extent is not very different. The committee
have reported against that. I do not suppose
the report will make any difference. If the
.Senate is disposed to pass every one of these
bills that the Senator from the State asks to
have passed, then there is no stop to it.
Now, I want the Senate to know that in the
State of North Carolina they hold United
States courts in four places. That there is no
considerable city in the State, you all know.
That there can be no considerable amount of
business proper for a United States court,
everybody familiar with the practice in the
United States courts must know; and yet
now you propose to hold the courts at seven
places in that State, to divide it into two dis-
tricts, and there is just as much propriety for
dividing it into ten districts.
Mr. POOL. The Senator from Illinois
seems to be opposed to all bills ot this charac-
ter. I do not propose to take up the time of
the Senate in discussing the merits of this
measure to any considerable extent in answer
to what he has said. It is enough for me to
say that the bill has passed the House of Rep-
resentatives, and come to us ; that it has been
examined by two committees, and reported
upon, I think, with almost entire unanimity.
The State of North Carolina is larger in area
than the State of New York. It is over seven
hundred miles from one end of it to the other.
It is the tbird State in the Union in point of
busiuess. The State of Indiana, referred to
by the Senator from Illinois, does not stand
higher than tilth on the list for business. North
Carolina stands next after Pennsylvania, New
York standing first. It was so in 1868, so in
1869, and so in 1871, without any regard to
the Ku Klux cases as they are sometimes
called. We have not the railroad facilities
they have in Indiana, and in some of the
northern States, and there is a large portion
of the State which is meant to be put.into this
new district, where we have no facilities for
traveling, and it is a great hardship on the
people in that country to have to come down
into the eastern district. The Senator forgets
that in the State of North Carolina we have
an immense admiralty business that takes up
a great deal of the time of the court. Nearly
all the wrecks of the country are on our coast,
and the number of cases growing out of-them
are large and troublesome.
I do not propose to discuss the measure to
any extent. The Senator from Illinois opposes
all these measures. I think there is a very
good reason why the committee should have
reported this bill favorably and reported the
others adversely, because of all the bills of
this class that have been before us since I have
been here, there is most merit in this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think perhaps it would
not be very proper to say why this bill is
reported favorably and the others adversely;
but the Senate knows that the Senator from
North Carolina, who is a very persuasive man
and very influential, is a member of the Judi-
ciary Committee. The Senator from Indiana
is not; and I do not know if the Senator fr m
ltidinna had.been a member of that committee
whether his bill would have been reported
adversely. It was, however. He was not on
the committee, but the Senator from North
Carolina was. The committee certainly could
not resist the Senator from North Carolina,
and 1 do not know that they could have resisted
the Senator from Indiana if he had been a
member of the committee.
Mr. POOL. I am not a member of the
committee of the House, nor of the House
itself; and the bill comes from the House of
Representatives.
Mr. WEST. I ask leave to make a report.
Mr. POOL. Let the vote be taken on this
bill.
Mr. WEST. I wish to offer an amendment
to the bill. I have not the amendment ready
to offer now; and meanwhile I want to make
a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill in re-
gard to the western judicial district of North
Carolina is before the Senate.
Mr. WEST. I inquire of the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee if this is not a bill
making similar provisions to the bill that I
introduced in reference to the State of Louis-
iana, and wl.ich was reported upon unfavor-
ably ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is. There was a
bill to divide the State of Louisiana into
two judicial districts, which the committee
reported unfavorably upon.
Mr. WES T. I have sent to the document-
room for a copy of that, bill, and I want to
offer it as an amendment to this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
have an opportunity to do so. I think these
bills ought to be put together.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. While the
Senator is waiting for the amendment, I ask
the Senate to take up a bill for the relief of
one of my constituents. I believe 1 have never
asked such a thing before, certainly not at this
session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
North Carolina bill, the Senator from Ver-
mont asks unanimous consent to consider
another bill.
Mr. POOL. I must object.
Mr. COLE. I will not object, but I want
immediately after that to get up the fortifica-
tion appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from North Carolina that
the bill will not lose its place, because it is
now before the Senate as the regular order by
unanimous consent.
Mr. POOL. If I run any risk I cannot con-
sent.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This, will
not take over a minute. I hope the Senator
from North Carolina will allow this bill to be
acted on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Subject to the
North Carolina bill being called up, the Sen-
ator from Vermont asks unanimous consent
to consider a bill which he will indicate. .
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is House
bill No. 1416.
ALBERT W. GRAY.
By unanimous consent, the Senate; as ia
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1416) for the relief
of Albert W. Gray. The bill grants leave to
Albert W. Gray, of Middleton, in the State
of Vermont, to make a new application to (he
Commissioner of Patents for the extension of
letters-patent granted to him for an improve-
ment in horse-powers, on the Oih day of Sep-
tember, 1856, and afterward reissued on the
1st day of July, 1862; and authorizes the
Commissioner of Patents to consider and
determine the application in the same manner
and with the same effect as if it were an ori-
ginal application for such extension, duly filed
within the time required by law, and no appli-
cation therefor had heretofore been made.
But in case the extension shall be granted, all
persons who, between the date ot the expir-
ation of the original patent and the date of
such extension, have constructed, or caused
to be constructed, or used the improvement
in horse-powers, shall be at liberty during the
extended term to use, and vend to others
to use, the improvement in horse-powers so
constructed or used.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
JKSSB J. SIMPKINS-
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed as con-
ferees oil the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. It. No. 1390) for the
relief of the.sureties of the late Jesse J. Simp-
kins, deceased, Mr. Fuemnghuyskn, Mr. Moa-
bill of Maine, and Mr. Johnston.
COUKTS IN NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. COLE. I desire, pending the North
Carolina bill, to take up House bill No. 1671.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 object to anything being
taken up now until we get in the morniug busi-
n8The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas objects, and the North Carolina bill is
belore the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I propose to occupy the
time while the Senator from Louisiana is hunt-
ing his amendment in asking the Senate to
pass the bill for that poor little old woman
who has been here tweifly five years, Mrs.
Stafford, and to which everybody assented the
other day except one gentleman, the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] who has with-
drawn his opposition.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know what the
bill is, and I do not care ; but we have morn-
ing business to do.
Mr. CAMERON. Surely the Senator can-
not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. li;
No. 2192) to establish a western judicial dis-
trict of North Carolina is before the Senate
as in Committee of the ^Vhole.
Mr. WES I'. I offer the amendment which
I send to the Chair.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment as fol
lows:
Sec. —. That for the more convenient transac-
tion of business in the courts ot the United States
within the State of Louisiana the said State shitU
be, and the same is hereby, dividod into two judi-
cial districts, in the manner following, to wit: the
Karishes of Hapidos, Grant, Natchitoches, Sabine,
ie Soto, C.iddo, Bossier. Bienville, Winn, Claiborne,
Jackson, Union, Morehouse, Highland, Ouachita,
Caldwell, Catahoula, Franklin, Tensas, Madison,
and Carroll, shall compose one district, to be called
the northern district of Louisiana, and the remain-
ing part of the State shall compose another district,
to be called the e istern district of Louisiana: and
all criminal actions or civil suits, cither m law or
equity, winch have axiscn in the northern district,
or against persons therein, or concerning lands sit-
uated therein, together with all process, writs, Or
recognizances, and records belonging thereto, shall
be transferred to the northern district: and all cm!
