18*72.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Protection of American Industry—Mr. Duell.
Ho. of Reps.
will get me to undertake, [Laughter.] He
seemingly understands this case perfectly. He
has written a report on it, and he insists that I
do not know anything about it, and that he
does know all about it. It would be sheer
nonsense for me to undertake to convince him.
I am trying to convince the rest of the Senate.
I want the Senator when he comes to argue
this case to the Senate to construe this statute
for us. I want him with his power as a lawyer
to give it a construction, to read it, and then to
prove how eleven votes out of forty-eight are
all that are necessary to elect a man to the
Senate of the United States. I want him to
explain how you can count men to make a
quorum and not count them to vote, or how
you count men to make a quorum, let them
vote, and then treat their votes as nullities, so
as to allow a very few votes to elect your own
candidate. That, it seems to me, would be
making the law absurd, and making elections
a farce. It would be deciding the question for
the people without letting them decide for
themselves. I will not say that there never
was a parallel case to this, for there may have
been in olden times, somewhere, before the
life of our Government; but I defy the pro-
duction of a case where a man applied to Con-
gress to get a seat with the number of votes
given here, when the majority of the qualified
voters were against him, that he obtained a
seat.
Now, Mr. President, in conclusion, if the
proposition of the Senator from Wisconsin is
correct, which I do not admit for a moment,
let me ask this question: would it not be
giving a man a seat on a mere technicality 1
Mr. CARPENTER. We hang men on
technicalities; that is striot law. I do not
know why a man should not have a seat in the
Senate on strict law.
Mr. LOGAN. I have never been engaged
in the business of hanging men on technicali-
ties. I did not know that men were ever
hanged on technicalities, nor do I believe it.
There is no question that men have been
hanged who were not guilty, but there is such
a thing in courts as giving all the doubts in
favor of the prisoner.
Mr. CARPENTER. Not on the law. There
is no doubt about the law in a criminal court.
Mr. LOGAN. There is not ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Not the slightest.
Mr. LOGAN. Then you have got the law
to a perfection such as no man ever arrived at
before. [Laughter.] I think it a most doubt-
ful proposition in this country.
Mr. CARPENTER. Chief Justice Shaw,
of Massachusetts, decided just the opposite of
the Senator's position on the criminal law.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not propose to discuss
that point with the Senator. I have practiced
law, and when defending men charged with
crime I have always asked the court to instruct
the jury that if they had a reasonable doubt as
to guilt of defendant they should find for the
defendant, based upon the law and facts, of
course. . .
Mr. CARPENTER. _ Now will my friend
allow roe to put a question ?
Mr. LOGAN. I do not think it is necessary
to discuss criminal law in connection with this
Mr. CARPENTER. If my friend will allow
me a minute 
Mr. LOGAN. I have been trying to con-
clude for half an hour, but the Senator will
not allow me to do so. [Laughter.] _
Mr. CARPENTER. I withdraw all objection
to your concluding. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. I was saying to the Senate,
not specially for the benefit of my friend from
Wisconsin, that if you give a man a seat on a
mere technicality, if the^ law be admitted as
he maintains it to be, which I do not admit, it
is going a great way. If you are going to
deprive the Legislature of a State of their
choice for Senator, they believing their choice
would be acccepted, but mistaken, and force
upon them another person not their choice on
a mere technicality, you are going a long way
beyond any step you have ever taken before.
Sir, the rights of the people in this country
ought not to be frittered away on mere tech-
nicalities; but they ought to be observed, pro-
tected, and secured; and when they have
made a decision and a choice, they ought not
to be slapped in the face by either House and
told, '' Fools, choose not again; we will choose
for you." We ought not to hold out false
inducements to the people.
By the law I read here to-day relieving
every man who had been elected to office
in Alabama, North Carolina, South Carolina,
and Georgia from his disabilities after their
elections, so as to enable them to hold office,
we induced the people, perhaps, to vote for
ineligible persons, they believing the disabil-
ities would be. removed. Having done that
we ought not to look down contemptuously
upon them and say to them, "You have acted
in violation of law, and your rights shall not
be respected but shall be trampled under foot,
and the rights of the minority only respected."
We are saying that. We, not the people, but
the agents of the people, are going to hold
out inducements to them; and when they fol-
low the precedent we have set, then say to
them, " We have all wisdom in ourselves, and
we will decide for you." The mantle of power
must be taken from the people and thrown
upon the shoulders of the Senate to deprive
the people of those rights which they are en-
titled to enjoy according to all the rules and
precedents of our history.
Sir, wo should pause before we do such a
thing. There are many reasons why we should
pause before we do this act of injustice. Men
may tell me that they have no respect for the
will of the people, no respect for the judgment
of the people, no respect for the voice of the
people in reference to the decision of a ques-
tion of this kind; but I say that I have. I
bow humbly before the people. I bow to their
will, to their power, to their wish, and I hope
to God I ever may. Their judgments have
generally been right. Pass your judgment
striking at the will of the majority of the Legis-
lature in this case, without law, without pre-
cedent, without authority to sustain you, and
the -whole country will say that this is one of
a series of political decisions which ought to
be scouted from the Halls of Congress. It
will be so regarded everywhere. Why? Be-
cause it is not the law, because it is not right
in principle or-in theory, because it is not in
accordance with the decisions of the courts of
the different States, or in accordance with the
legislative decisions of our country, or in ac*
cordance with the act of Congress under which
the election was held. This being so, a decis-
ion of this kind would look to the world as a
piece of acting on qur part outside of law and
principle, the exercise of a right of a choice
belonging to the people* but assumed by the
Senate.
American Industry should be Protected.
SPEECH OP HON. R. H. DUELL,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
April 13, 1872.
The House having met for debate as in Committee
of the "Whole on the state of the Union-
Mr. DDELL said: __ .
Mr. Speaker : The revision of the tantt is
always a subject of great difficulty, and when-
ever it has been attempted it has always ex-
cited the greatest public attention and given
rise to the most extended and the most able
discussion. It is so vital and widespreading
in its influences, and affects so deeply all the
great industrial interests of the country, that it
would seem to demand the most careful delib-
eration at our hands.
There is one proposition in connection with
the revision of the tariff to which we should
all assent: that nothing could be more disas-
trous to the public prosperity than a policy
which should destroy or seriously disturb the
industrial interests of the country. The dis-
trict which I represent is deeply interested in
this question, and my constituents have in-
structed me to insist that whenever any branch
ofindustry, whether of agriculture, commerce,
or manufactures, can be pursued as profitably
in our country as in any other, that branch of
industry should have the protection and foster-
ing care of the Government by discriminating
duties. Any bill, therefore, which may be pre-
sented for a revision of the tariff which does
not embody this great principle cannot receive
my sanction or support.
The doctrine to which I have just alluded is
entertained, I believe, by a large majority of
the people of the United States. In proof
of this, 1 refer to the fact that since the com-
mencement of the present session of Congress
a large number of petitions have been pre-
sented to this House and the Senate protest-
ing against a change of the existing tariff laws
in relation to such articles as are successfully
produced in this country. These petitioners
embrace every class of citizens in the various
communities from which they come. The
farmer, the merchant, the workingman, the
manufacturer, all unite in asking that import
duties shall be so adjusted as to encourage and
defend every home industry, and to foster the
honor and interests of the American laborer.
We now have, Mr. Speaker, upon the stat-
ute-book, not a tariff framed entirely in the
interest of protection, not a prohibitory tariff,
but a tariff for revenue, discriminating in favor
of protection, and so adjusted as to encourage
and develop the industrial interests of the
country. It has now been upon the statute-
book nearly eleven years, and its beneficial
effects are visible in the fields, in the factories,
and in the workshops over the entire country.
The confidence of business men has been re-
stored ; the empty coffers of the Government
have been filled; the prostrate branches of
industry are set upon their feet, and general
prosperity has once more returned to smile
upon us. It has resulted in giving to agricul-
ture remunerating prices, to our own working-
men liberal wages, to mechanics and manufac-
turers an adequate reward for their skill, labor,
and enterprise, and to the nation prosperity
and independence. It is for this reason that
the great mass of the people are satisfied with
the existing tariff, so far as it bears upon such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country.
PROTECTION TO BE ABANDONED.
There are unmistakable indications, how-
ever, not only on the floor of this House, but
in the leading free-trade newspapers of the
country, that an effort is to be made in this
Congress, under the pretense of revenue re-
form, to overthrow our protective policy, anu
to build upon its ruins a system of free trade,
which will bring the American laborer, and ail
the industrial interests of the country, into
competition with the cheap labor, great man-
ufacturing establishments, and enormous cap-
ital of Europe. The enemies of the protect-,
ive policy commenced their operations at the
last session of Congress by a ferocious on-
slaught upon the duty on salt and bituminous
coal, and have ever since been employed in a
zealous and systematic effort to poison the
public mind against all duties which discrim-
inate in favor of American industry.
