1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
tion of it, I am justified in calling attention to
the fact that on your floor to-day you have
heard the voice of men, and they are gentle-
men, too—I do not make this remark at. all in
their disparagement—who did no more nor less
than the man you strike at by your amendment.
They were in the rebel army, too. Sir, you
have set the example of having a man in the
Cabinet of the President of the United States
who drew his sword against this Government.
Mr. NYE. I never heard that charge before.
Mr. LOGAN. I make it to day.
Mr. NYE. I did not know that he ever
carried a sword. [Laughter.]
Mr. LOGAN. Very well, I do not know
that he did ; but I mean by that that he joined
the rebellion and attempted to overthrow this
Government. 1 do not say that in disparage-
ment ot the President, but I mention it as an
illustration to show that the President himself
has indorsed universal amnesty, if not by dec-
laration, by his act, by appointing one of his
Cabinet from the rebel organization in order
to equalize the thing and to satisfy the country
that these men must bo restored to their rights.
1 believe that was the reason why he did it.
But while you gentlemen attack and put
other gentlemen in awkward positions by your
amendments, do not claim that you are in favor
of amnesty, and that you are supporting the
message ot the President of the United States,
when by your tactics you defeat the very meas-
ure that you claim to be in favor of, and which
the President asks you to support.
Now, I do say that this measure is defeated.
It is defeated because the House of Repre-
sentatives has adjourned, and will not meet
again until the 8th of Januai'y. The men
who have been elected in some of the Slates
who are under disabilities that this bill would
have removed so as to allow them to occupy
their positions, provided no contest was made,
will not now be protected or affected by it.
The offices will be changed by that time.
Hence, no advantage whatever can be gained
by passing this bill to day ; and now I say to
the friends of the bill that I voted against
many amendments here to-day which I was
disinclined to vote against, but I did it because
I desired to see the bill pass pure and simple,
and for no other reason—not because 1 enter-
tained views antagonistic to those amendments
that wei'e offered, but because I wanted to see
the bill go through without riders.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senate will allow me
just one moment to finish one or two sentences
more, I shall be under many obligations to
them. If not, of course I will desist.
Seveial Senators. Go on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection, the Senator from Illinois will
be allowed to proceed. The Chair hears none.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I do not
claim to be an advocate of this particular
measure, or of any other measure in refer-
ence to amnesty. I have supported it. as I
have said, from policy, because I was induced
to believe by those gentlemen coining from the
South, who claim to be in favor of the bill,
that it was good policy to pass it. But I say
to the friends of the bill, do not urge it now ;
let it alone; it will do you no good at present.
It cannot be passed to-day with this amend-
ment, for the House cannot concur in it. Let
it be until these gentlemen can exhibit on this
floor their reasons for their course, when a
resolution shall be brought here in reference
to either of these men, whether one or the
other was elected. I have no opinion to give
now; but let the exhibition go on then; let
them come before the Senate ; let the con-
test be made ; and let us see whether outside
pressure can be brought to bear in order to
affect the Senate and defeat a measure for a
certain purpose that is not before the Senate.
That is all, sir.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from South
Carolina in charge of this bill is in favor of an
adjournment. I therefore move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope that the Senator
will withdraw that motion for a moment; I
wish to say one word.
Mr. CORBETT. Let us have an executive
session.
Mr. MORTON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. CORBETT. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Indiana withdraw the motion to
adjourn?
Mr. MORTON. I withdraw it to enable
the Senator frotn Oregon to submit, his motion.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. i renew the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. SAWYER. I beg the Senator to allow
me one moment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from New Jersey withdraw the mo-
tion?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I withdraw it
for that purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore Does the
Senator withdraw it in favor of the Senator
from South Carolina or the Senator from
Oregon?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The Senator
from South Carolina.
Mr. SAWYEli. I will detain the Senate
but a moment. I wish to say one word in reply
t.o the Senator from Illinois who has just taken
his seat. I do not vote for this bill because
it will relieve any number of officeholders or
men elected to office in violation of the Con-
stitution. I do not vote for it because the
Senator from Mississippi has informed us that
there are men elected to office in that State in
violation of the third section of the fourteenth
amendment. 1 would not vote for a bill to
relieve those men aud make them eligible to
hold the positions to which they have been
elected in violation of the law.
I am for supporting the law while it remains
the law. I am for supporting this provision
of the Constitution while it remains in the Con-
stitution. But I am for amnesty on the general
principle, not to affect any particular man or set
of men who may or may not have been elected
to office. I have voted for this amendment
because I thought it necessary to the situation.
I have a good, sound, substantial mason for
it; and 1 think the leciure from the Scnatoi
from Illinois comes with a very bad grace.
Mr. CORBETT. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. It is very important to have an execu-
tive session.
Mr. EDMUNDS, (at six o'clock and thirty-
eight minutes p. m.) I move that the Senate
adjourn.
ThePRESIDENTjorotempore. Thatmotion
takes precedence.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope tha.t we shall not
adjourn. It is important to have an executive
session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. In pursu-
ance of the concurrent resolution of the two
Houses of Congress, I pronounce the Senate
adjourned until Monday, the 8th of January,
at twelve o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 21, 1871.
TheHouse metattwelve o'clockm. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Botler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER pro tempore,, (Mr. Moore
in the chair.) TheHouse meets to-day as in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for debate only, no business what-
ever to be transacted.
CLAIMS OF SOUTHERN CITIZENS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker,
I rise to speak to a joint resolution of Con-
gress, having the effect of law, prohibiting the
payment of debts due by the General Govern-
ment prior to the 13th day of April, 1801, to
citizens of the South, unless such citizens were
loyal to the Government of the United States
and in favor of suppressing the rebellion. I
shall attempt to show that said joint resolution
is not only manifestly wrong and unjust, to the
people affected by it, but unconstitutional, and
is in effect repudiation by the United States.
It reads:
"That until otherwise ordered it shall be unlaw-
ful for any officer of the United States to pay any
account, claim, or demand a^ainsfcsaid Government
which accrued or existed prior to the 13th day of
April, lSijl, in favor of any person who promoted,
encouraged, or in any manner sustained the late
rebellion : or in favor of any person who, during the
said rebellion, was not known to beopposed and dis-
tinctly in favor of its suppression; and no pardon
heretofore granted or hereafter to bo granted shall
authorize the payment of such account, claim, or
demand until this resolution is modifiedorrepeaied.
"Approved, March 2,1867."
This resolution is most remarkable even in
this age of strange events. By it the United
States Government, through its legislative de-
partment, proposes to and does actually refuse
to pay debts which it honestly owed for work
and labor performed for it by its own citizens.
Before the war the Government had contracted
by law to pay for certain services to be per-
formed by its appointees. This service was
performed, the Government received the ben-
efit arising from it, and then, in the year 18G7,
after the blood had time to cool, Congress
passed this law or joint resolution prohibiting
the Government officers from paying debts
thus contracted, unless the creditors could
prove they were opposed to the rebellion.
Sir, who could have supposed that the Amer-
ican Congress could so far have forgotten its
duty as thus to overleap the barriers of justice
and do such gross wrong to a large class of its
creditors V
The first question whicli invites inquiry is,
had Congress the right to pass such a law? I
hold not. It is in the nature of a penalty or
punishment for supposed treason. This, then,
opens up the question whether the people of
the southern States were guilty of treason or
not. Sir, it would be in vain that I should
assert my opinion that they were not; 1 shall
therefore fortify myself by reference to the
highest judicial authority in the United States.
In the case of Thorington vs Smith, 8 Wal-
lace Reports, Chief Justice Chase, delivering
the opinion of the court., says of the govern-
ment of the confederate States:
" What was the precise character of this govern-
ment in contemplation of law? It is difficult to
define it with exactness. Any definition that may
be given may not improbably be found to require
limitation and qualification, but the goneral princi-
ples of law relating to de facto governments will,
we think, conduct us to a conclusion sufficiently
accurate." * * * * "The distinguishing
cha racteristic of such a government (de facto) is that
adherents to it in war against the Government da
jure do not incur the penalties of treason."
The court then cites as examples and anal-
ogous cases the government of England by
Parliament, and afterward by Cromwell as pro-
tector ; of Castine in Maine and Tampico in
Mexico. Under the government of Cromwell
the people were bound to obey its laws, submit
to its rulings, and in all things to respect
it from necessity and paramount force; in
regard to which the court says:
" The bettor opinion doubtless is that acts done in
obedience to this government could not be justly
regarded as treasonable, though in hostility to the
king dpjure."
Thus, Mr. Speaker, it must appear very evi-
dent that the Supreme Court of the United
States, from their opinion and reasoning, do
not think the people of the southern States
were guilty of treason. Why? Because eight
