230
APPENDIX TO THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Protection of American Industry—Mr. Duell.
42d Cong.,..2d Sess.
Three times at least in tlie last sixty years
have they succeeded in destroying a protective
tariff which had, revived our trade and com-
merce, createda demandfor labor, andrestored
general prosperity to the country; and each
time has this victory of British capitalists
■brought ruin to our industry. And what was
gained to the people of the United States by
this ruinous policy? Could we buy foreign
goeds cheaper? It is true that for a short
time our British rivals sold their fabrics cheaper
than we could make them; but when they had
broken down all competition here by under-
selling our manufacturers, and had thus got
control of our market, they at once put their
goods up to a higher price than the American
article had ever been, and thus compensated
themselves for the sacrifice it had cost them
to destroy our manufacturers. This has been
the unvarying result of the policy of free trade
in the past, and it will be the result in the
future if we adopt that poliey now.
It does not matter to the advocates of free
trade that under our present system of dis-
criminating in favor of American industry,
trade is prosperous, that manufactures are
flourishing, and that labor is in demand and
commands an adequate reward. It does not
matter to them that we have a home market,
created by our manufacturing interests, for
$450,000,000 of our agricultural products at
remunerative prices, it does not matter to
them that the progress of the country since
the adoption of the present policy eleven years
ago has been more rapid in spite of the war
than during any other period in our history.
It does not matter to them that we have been
enabled to pay the great burdens of taxation
which that war imposed upon us, and to ex-
tinguish our national debt at a rate unpre-
cedented in the history of the world, or that
the people are contented, prosperous, and
happy. All these facts seem to weigh nothing
with the men who are bent on this new free-
trade and anti-American experiment. They
have resolved to force it upon the country
ever at whatever risk to its welfare and how
destructive it may be to the interests of our
workingmen. I warn them here and now that
for all this they will sooner or later be brought
into judgment by the people.
WHAT TS FREE TRADE ?
Ahsolute free trade in its real sense—which
is the ultimate aim of all opponents to Ameri-
can industry—means a repeal of duties upon
every class of foreign imports, the abolition
of our custom-house system, and the opening
of our ports to the introduction of the pro-
ducts of all nations without fee or charge of
any kind. _ This policy would bring the enor-
mous capital and cheap labor of Europe in
direct competition with our own industry, and
result in the entire destruction of our manu-
facturing interests, whether of iron, wool or
cotton. By this overthrow of our manufac-
tures, two million workingmen now profitably
employed in them would be thrown out of
employment, and the ten million five hundred
thousand people now supported by their labor
deprived of the means of subsistence or com-
pelled to accept European pauper-labor wages.
In ten years there would not be a furnace,
rolling-mill, cotton or woolen factory, or any
other. but the simplest kind of manufactories
insistence in all the land. With labor at a
third the price it commands in the United
States, and the control of the vast capital
which long years of protection has enabled
ihem to accumulate, English, French, and
German manufacturers couid undersell our
own to such an extent as to drive them even
from their own market, and, much more, from
those of foreign nations, where we are just be-
ginning to gain a foothold. I can scarcely
'imagine a greater calamity possible to our
cofttitry generally, and especially to those en-
gaged in our various manufactures, and sup-
porting at least one fourth of our whole popu-
lation, than the consequences which would
inevitably follow the establishment of free
trade as the settled policy of the country.
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN PROTECTION AND FREE TRADE.
The relative influence of protection and free
trade upon the industry of the country may be
summed up in a few words. The effect of pro-
tection is to stimulate industry and lead to pros-
perity ; of free trade, to ruin most of the great
interests of the country. The mission of the one
is to build up, of the other to break down. Pro-
tection creates a demand for labor and secures
it an adequate reward; free trade is designed
to lessen that demand and diminish the price
of wages. Protection opens mines, erects fur-
naces, establishes founderies, starts cotton
mills, and gives employment to thousands;
free trade shuts up the mines, puts out the
fires in the furnaces, silences the trip-ham-
mers, arrests the spindles, and drives the thou-
sands either into less profitable pursuits or
deprives them altogether of labor. Protec-
tion creates home markets, and free trade de-
stroys them. Protection secures and increases
industry; free trade diminishes it. Protection
secures good wages; free trade makes them
cheap. Protection leads to individual and
national self-reliance and independence; free
trade makes us dependent as individuals and
a nation upon other nations.
HOW THE TARIFF AFFECTS PRICES.
The strongest and almost the only argu-
ment used by free-trade theorists against
a protective tariff is the allegation that
it increases the price of every article
upon which it is levied just to the extent of
such tariff. I concede this to be true in
respect to all articles not produced in this
country, such as tea, coffee, spiees, and the
like; but I deny the assertion when applied
to such articles as are successfully produced
here. According to the free-trade theory,
if the tariff on broadcloth be two dollars a
yard, it makes every yard of broadcloth
manufactured in the United States of the
same quality just two dollars dearer than it
would be otherwise. This, they allege, is the
tax which the American consumer is com-
pelled to pay to American manufacturers for
their sole benefit. Every man's common
sense will tell him that this whole theory
that the consumer and not the foreign im-
porter pays this duty on foreign products is
unsound and false. I might adduce a thou-
sand examples to show the practical truth of
the doctrine I maintain, for it can be demon-
strated by the history of almost any article
that we are able to make, and which has been
protected by an adequate duty.
I will refer to a few examples. Before the
manufacture of window-glass was protected it
cost the consumer twelve dollars a box. A
heavy duty was laid upon it by the tariff of
1842,(which, accordingto the free-trade theory,
ought largely to have increased its price,) when
behold the price fell to three dollars 1 Whose
theory did this establish? According to the
theory of free trade, here was a result per-
fectly mysterious and unaccountable. On the
principles of protection the thing was per-
fectly plain. As soon as the duty imposed
secured a market to the American manufac-
turers of glass, they went to work with all
their force, each seeking his own profit and
all free to make and sell it as they could, when
the astonishing power of competition soon
effected this great reduction in price.
In 1844 the duty oti English common bar
iron was twenty-five dollars per ton or sixty-
eight per cent., and its price was then $01 83
per ton. The price, less the duty, would
leave $36 63 as the cost of produciug a ton
of iron. In 1846 the duty was lowered to
thirty per cent., and in 1857 to twenty-four
per cent. According to the free-trade theory
the result of this reduction of the tariff
should have been to reduce the price of iron
just to the extent of the decrease in duty.
But the fact is quite different, as the follow-
ing comparison will prove : in 1844, as we have
seen, the duty on English bar iron was twenty-
five dollars a ton, and the prime cost was
$36 83. In 1846 the duty was reduced to
thirty per cent., or more than one half, which
was equal to a duty of $10 42 per ton, instead
of twenty-five dollars. The price of iron
ought, therefore, to have gone down toS2G 41
or to $36 83, less the. $10 42 duty, if the
free-traders are right in their theories. But
instead of this the cost of production actually
increased to $54 80 per ton, an advance of
$17 97 per ton.
The article of lead furnishes another strik-
ing instance of the absolute fallacy of the free-
trade doctrine. The duty upon lead in 1845,
under the tariff of 1842, was three dollars per
one hundred pounds, and the price in the New
York market during that year was $3 37J per
one hundred pounds. If gentlemen are right,
the price of lead should have been only thirty-
seven and a half cents per one hundred pounds,
less than four mills per pound. But when this
duty of three dollars was removed and a rev-
enue duty of twenty per cent., or seven and a
half cents per one hundred pounds, placed on
it, the price, so far from going down to thirty-
seven and a half cents with this duty of seven
and a half cents added, absolutely rose be-
tween 1847 and 1857 to an average of $5 67
per one hundred pounds. In other words,
when the duty was reduced to one fortieth of
the former rate, the price nearly doubled.
I will give another instance of a more recent
date, and of a still more striking character.
It is the history of three years' experience in
the manufacture of steel railroad bars. In
18C4 the first steel rails were imported into the
United States. They were sold to our rail-
road companies that year for a price beginning
with $164 per ton, and gradually decreasing
to $135. The manufacture of steel rails was
begun in the United States in 1867. The
foreign rails at once went down to Silo and
then to $110 per ton. In April, 1870, the price
was reduced to S72 per ton, a decrease and
saving to railroad companies of more than
seventy-five dollars per ton, the result of pro-
tection to American steel manufacturers, and
the competition it gave thecn the means of
making with the English manufacturers.
As further proof in support of my position,
I present the following table furnished to
Hon. David A. Wells by A. T. Stewart, of
New York, both free-traders, showing the
prices of certain articles under the low tariff
of 1860 and the tariff of 1869. It was made,
it will be seen, for the year 1869, but all the
articles named are as cheap as they were then,
and som.e of them cheaper:
1860. 1869.
Cadet cloths, Government
standard   ^2 75 S3 25
Harris [IvlJ cassimeres, It
ounces  1 37W>*1 50 1 ">@$2 00
Cotton warp cloths, 14 oz... 1 00 (a) 1 23 1 7.3
All-wool cloths, It oz  1 50 2 75
Middle sacking 1 lu 1 25
Middlesex doeskins   1 05 1 15
Middlesex shawls  7 00 7 00
Middlesex beavers   .'} 75 i 25
Middlesex opera flannel?.. 471 50
Broadbrook cassimeres  1 02!@ 1 75 1 75
Broadbrook beaver?  2 75 '■> 01)
Sprinpc cassimeres S to (Jo/ . 1 12;<5  1 25 1 25@ 1 36-5-
Gierihain repel lants  110 hit 1 15 1 25
(llenham sackings  1 05 1 15
Sivitt River fancies, 11 to 12
ounces...      90 1 (K),^3 1 10
Royal.-.ton caisiiaeres,aver-
age     1 07i 1 25
fituhburgoassiineres aver-
age  1 07J 2 25
Keeping in mind the fact that these prices
are gold in 1860, and greenbacks in 3869, when
gold was at a premium of thirty per cent.,
