1178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
lege, as required by the several acts of Congress
as a condition of the grant, but the same shall
continue in full force ; but all the conditions
of law are to be complied with prior to the 10th
of May, 1877.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
port of toledo.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have in my hand two
short bills, heretofore reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance, that I desire to have
passed. I think there will be no objection to
either of them. I move now to take up House
bill No. 1331!.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the. bill (H. R. No. 1333) to amend
section thirty-five of an act entitled " An act
to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses." The bill proposes to extend the priv-
ileges of the act entitled "An act to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes," ap-
proved July 14, 1870, to the port of Toledo,
in the State of Ohio.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
motes as currency.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move now to lake up
the bill I called up the other day, and which
was put over at the request of the Senator
from Alabama. It is a question of import-
ance, and ought to pass. It is Senate bill No.
589.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 589) to prohibit the issue and use of notes
and bills as currcncy in certain cases was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that no pri-
vate corporation, linn, or individual shall make
or issue, or cause to be made or issued, any
obligation or promise to pay, to be used, or
intended to be used, as and lor a circulating
medium; and any person who shall in any
manner aid or abet in the manufacture, issue,
or circulation, as money, of any such obliga-
tion or promise to pay, shall, on conviction
thereof, in any district or circut court of the
United States, be punished by line not exceed-
ing $1,000 or by imprisonment not exceeding
one year, or both, in the discretion of the
court.
Mr. SHERMAN. To avoid a criticism of
thegenorullaiiguugo of llie bill, 1 am instructed
by the Committee on Fiuanco to offer the fol-
lowing amendment by way of proviso :
Pi vvuleA, That tiii- net shall not be lield to apply
to circulating notes lawfully issued by any bank duly
incorporated by the IJuited States or by any State,
nor shall it be held to repeal or m any way affect any
act taxing the issue or circulation of such notes.
Mr. CORBETT. It seems to me that there
should bo perhaps a provision that it should
not be held or construed to prevent banks
from issuing certificates of deposit. It struck
me that it might be construed as preventing
them from issuing certificates of deposit.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to provide
against that, for it seems to me to be im-
portant.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill is very strongly
recommended by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in a letter which I have before me. The
different sections of the law make it necessary
to supply an omission which I supposed was
already supplied by previous law. I thought
what is prohibited by this bill was already pro-
hibited by law ; but on a careful examination
of the statutes, which I have before me—it
would take some time to read them to the Sen-
ate—it seems not; and it appears that railroad
and other corporations in the South have been
issuing notes of the denomination of one, two,
three, or four dollars in the similitude of bank
bills, and have circulated them. There is no
penalty attached to this act. The bill does not
affect the issue of certificates of deposit, or
checks by banks, or anything of that kind. It
does not reach them. It only prohibits the
issue of notes in the form of bank currency
not authorized by national or State law.
Mr. CORBETT. I agree with the bill, pro-
vided it will not interfere with the issue of
certificates of deposit which it might possibly
be held to apply to. With that understanding,
however, that it does not, I will not object to
the bill.
Mr. NORWOOD. I will state to the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance that I have
received several communications on the sub-
ject of this bill. There are several railroad
corporations in Georgia, and one or two cities
that havebeen issuing thesenotes, and I should
be very glad to understand more thoroughly
from him how far this bill goes ; and I would
ask if the Senator has any objection to its
going over for a day?
Mr. SHERMAN. At the objection of the
Senator who sits on the gentleman's left, the
other day, [Mr. Goldthwaite,] I did allow
this bill to go over; but the very abuse the
Senator now refers to is the one we wish to
cut off. Railroad corporations in some of
the southern States, without any authority of
law, without even the authority of the State
law, are issuing money in the similitude of
bank notes. I have the letter of the Sec-
rotary of the Treasury advising me that in
several of the southern States railroad corpo-
rations have undertaken to issue money with-
out any express authority of law, which is
supplying a local currency. This is in viola-
tion of the general policy of the Government.
I am told that towns issue the same currency.
They used to be called shinplasters. If they
issue notes under one dollar, they are now
prohibited by law under severe penalties ; but
they issue instead notes of one, two, and three
dollars. It is a kind of currency that will prob-
ably end in ruin to the people who take it. This
money will eventually be lost by those who
hold it, and none but railroad companies of
rather doubtful credit would seek to eke out
their revenues by issuing notes of this kind,
and if they should fail, all this loss would fall
on the people. It is therefore for the purpose
of cutting off an abuse of this kind that this
bill is introduced and sought to be passed. It
is banking without any security and banking
without any authority. I hope no delay will
occur, because there is pressing necessity for
the passage of the bill.
Mr. NORWOOD. I wish the Senator to
understand that I am not inimical to his bill.
1 simply wanted to have time to ascertain
whether the provisions of the bill covered all
that was required. The railroads desire that
if they are inhibited all others shall be inhib-
ited from issuing this change. Does the bill
cover all classes of persons and corporations?
Mr. SHERMAN. It covers all corporations
and all classes and all persons except a State
bank duly authorized to issue notes under the
laws of the State. Wo do not propose to
repeal the laws of the States where such
authority is given.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
The amendment was agreed to.
The biil was reported to the Senate as
ameuded, and the amendment was concurred
in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
keturah cole.
Mr. SCOTT. _ I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 94.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 94) for the relief of
Miss Keturah Cole. It confers authority on the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue registered
i bonds of the act of March 3, 1865, dated July
1, 1867, with interest from July 1, 1870, to
Miss Keturah Cole, of Philadelphia, Pennsyl-
vania, in lieu of her five-twenty coupon bonds
of a like amount numbered 112746 and 112747,
for $500 each; and 152249, 152250, 223208,
223209, and 223210, of $1,000 each, which have
been badly mutilated by mildew, and parts
of each bond have been destroyed. But
before issuing the new bonds the Secretary of
the Treasury is to require a sufficient bond of
indemnity, securing the Government against
the presentation of any missing portions
alleged to be destroyed; and is also to require
the remaining portions of the bonds to be sur-
rendered to the Treasury Department.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
washington harbor.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the Senate to be good
enough to take up House bill No. 1074. It
will only take a moment, and it is of import-
ance that it should be actsd on now. It has
been reported by the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and is to provide for the
survey of the harbor and river at Washington,
District of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to: and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1074) to provide
for the survey of the harbor and river at Wash-
ington, District of Columbia. It is proposed
to create the chief of engineers of the United
States Army, the engineer in charge of public
buildings and grounds, the Governor of the
District of Columbia, Alexander R. Shepherd,
and Carlisle P. Patterson, (who are to serve
without compensation,) a board of survey to
examine into the condition of the harbors and
landings for vessels from the Anacostia bridge,
on the eastern branch, along the entire water-
front of the city of Washington, to and includ-
ing the harbor of Georgetown. The board are
to report to Congress, at as early a day as prac-
ticable, a full and comprehensive plan for open-
ing, improving, and developing the water-chan-
nel so as to secure the best possible harbor
facilities along the water-front. The board are
also directed to take into consideration the
sanitary effect upon the city of Washington,
and the feasibility of reclaiming, in any im-
provements suggested, the swamp and marsh
lands along the water-front. The expense
attending the report is not to exceed §1,000,
and to be paid by the District of* Columbia.
The Committee on the District of Colum-
bia reported the bill with an amendment, to
insert after the words "chief engineer of the
United States Army" the words ''the superin-
tendent of the coast survey."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SUMNER. I have another amendment
from the committee; it is on line eleven, after
the words "city of Washington," to strike out
the words "to and including the harbor of
Georgetown," and to insert " and Georgetowu
to the head of tide-water."
The amendment was agreed to.
It was ordered that the amendments be
engrossed, and the bill read the third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed
sales of arms to french agents.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour
of one o'clock having arrived, it becomes the
duty of the Chair to call up the unfinished
business of the last day's session, which is the
resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] upon which the pending ques-
tion is the motion of the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull,] to reconsider the vote bj
which the amendment of the Senator from
New York [Mr. Cokklinci] was adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator from Illinois
indulge me for a moment?
