1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Protection of American Industry—Mr. Duett.
Ho. of Keps.
and reducing greenbacks to gold, it will be
seen that the prices, with a tariff duty upon the
articles enumerated of fifty per cent., are actu-
ally less than those of the free-trade year of
1860. _
I will give still another illustration. For
instance, the import duties on butter imported
from Canada in 1870 amounted to $163}S00
in gold. Before selling it the Canadian farmer
was compelled to go to our custom-house at
Detroit, or Oswego, or Portland, and pay to
the collector five cents a pound duty. He
then sells it, say, for thirty cents a pound, the
same price our own farmers are receiving for
butter. When the Canadian farmer reached
home he had just five cents a pound less
for all the butter he sold than the American
farmer had who went to the same market the
same day. Did the consumer pay that five
cents a pound, or the Canadian farmer from
whom the collector exacted it?
PROTECTION TO AGRICULTURISTS.
As the American farmer belongs to the most
numerous industrial class of our people, the
advocates of free trade have directed their
efforts to arousing his prejudices and organ-
izing his opposition to the doctrine of protection
to American labor. In their labors to accom-
plish this purpose they deny that there is any
protection afforded by the laws of the country
to our agricultural products. The following
table will show the duty imposed by the pres-
ent tariff upon some of the leading agricul-
tural products:
Wheat, 20 cents per pound; corn, 10 cents per
bushel; butter and cheese, 25 per cent.; hay, $3 per
ton; livestock, 20 percent.; potatoes, 25 cents per
bushel; wool, 10 cents per pound and 11 per cent.
ad valorem ; oats, 10 cents per bushel.
But the American farmer is benefited by a
protective tariff in another way. The best
customers of the farmer are those industrial
centers which our tariff laws have started into
life. As the workmen employed in these fac-
tories and workshops receive by the operation
of the tariff higher wages they can afford to
pay, and do pay to the farmer, much higher
prices for his produce than he would other-
wise secure, and besides, are larger purchasers
from him. If we compare the prices of farm
produce at our manufacturing or mining towns
and the quantities consumed by workmen and
their families with the prices and quantities of
similar places in England, it will be found that
the American farmer is largely benefited by
the tariff. Tire-home market is the best mar-
ket, as every farmer well understands. Henry
Clay said many years ago:
" The greatest want of civilized society is a market
for the sale and exchange of the surplus of the pro-
duce of the labor of its members. This market may
exist at home or abroad, or both; but it must exist
somewhere, if society prospers; and wherever itdoes
exist, it should be competent to the absorption of
the entire surplus of production. It is most desir-
able that there should be both a home and a foreign
market. But with respcct to thoir relative supe-
riority.Icannotentertain adoubt. The home market
is first in order and paramount in importance. The
object of the bill under consideration is to create
this home market, and to lay the foundations of a
genuine American policy."
Again he says:
"The crcation of a home market is not only ne-
. cpssary to procure for our agriculture a just reward
of its labor, but it is indispensable to obtain a supply
of our necessaiy wants. If we cannotsell, we cannot
buy."
In the face of the fact that since the present
tariff was enacted the people of the United
States have enjoyed a season of prosperity
unparalleled in the history of the country we
are now asked to imperil that prosperity by
abandoning the system which produced it.
Why is this demand made? Do the people
deman4 it? I answer, no! It is made in the
interest of foreign capital and the importers
of foreign goods, who desire to get the control
of the American market without paying any-
thing for the privilege. To get this market
the protective feature of the present tariff
must be stricken down, our manufactures
destroyed, and our mechanics and our work-
ingmen must all turn agriculturists. The
consequence would be to increase our agri-
cultural productions, and by the same oper-
ation to diminish demand; by one grand
stroke of policy to multiply producers and
reduce consumers. And what must be the
consequence of that? Prices of agricultural
produce of every kind must fall, and with
prices wages. To illustrate the practical
effect of this policy on the American laborer,
I will read a short passage from a speech
delivered in the Senate a few days ago by
Senator Morrill, of Vermont;
" I have recently, by the courtesy of the State De-
partment,had placed in my hands a report presented
to the British Parliament of the diplomatic and con-
sular agents abroad 4 respecting the condition of the
industrial classes and the purchase-power of money
in foreign countries/ and if this document could be
placed in the hands of every workingman in America
I think it would be productive of infinite service,
and its circulation cause all of us to be devoutly
thankful that we can claim the United States as our
home. It is a document furnished by free-traders.
This report extends to nine hundred and forty-six
pages, and I shall not attempt to give even a sum-
mary of its contents, as I am strongly tempted to do,
but content myself with a few extracts taken almost
at random, and will begin with—
"Prussia, or the North German Confederation:
(* 'To sum up the general average of wages, the
daily earnings of a man in permanent employment,
at ordinary labor, are 9kd. (19 cents) a day in the
rural districts and Is. (24 cents) a day in towns; and
for skilled labor from 15d. (30 cents) to 2s. 6d., (64
cents.)'
"The hours of labor (in a cloth factory) are stated
thus:
Firemen and engineers   16
Spinners and dyers 14
All other hands   12
4'One manufactory is mentioned 'where the ma-
chinery was kept going night and day. The women
worked in relays for sixteen hours consecutively.'
"Cherbourg, France:
"'The laborer in the country, or, as he may be
more properly termed, the farm-laborer, may be
classed apart. If he is in want of work he attends
at one of the.country fairs, which are generally held
in the month of July. He is hired for the year, and
is fed and lodged by his employer, receiving at the
end of the term three hundred francs (sixty dollars)
for his services.'
"In the United States any man can earn that in
two or three months.
"Ragusa, Austria;
" • All field labor is done by natives. The pay of
olive-field labor is sevenpence (fourteen cents) per
day, with plain food (Indian corn, soup, &c.) fur-
nished by the proprietor. Now. as the Kagusan in
Peru or California can gain three dollars a day,
lives on one, and saves two, emigration from here is
attractive/
" I should think it would be.
"Rome:
"' The ordinary wages of the workingman is three
pauls (thirty cents) a day, and women get two pauls,
(twenty cents.) On good occasions, when there are
heavyweights to carry, it is a strange sight to see
handsome young women acting as bricklayers'labor-
ers. They were extensively employed in the making
of railways/
*' It is also stated that wages to the agricultural
pe.asants seldom rise to more than three pauls,
(thirty cents,) and that in the mountain districts
one paul (ten cents) ' would be ample.' It hardly
needed to be added that they arc in a * starving
condition.'
"Bergamo, Italy: The consular agent writes in
relation to 19,449 persons employed there in silk,
woolen, linen, and other mills:
""The aggregate annual amount of wages was
2,417,15$ francs, whioh would give no more than, ex-
cluding fractions, two francs thirty centimes (forty-
four cents) a week per head, supposing that all the
mills were working constantly. By far the greater
number of them, however, are open during less than
six months in the year.'
*' Belgium, (April Id, 18/1:)
" ' The use of coffee strongly adulterated with chic-
cory is general; tea is seldom drank. Sugar is sel-
dom seen, and milk is a luxury afforded by only the
better class of workmen.
"' Very many have for their entire subsistence but
potatoes with a little grease, brown or black bread,
often bad, and for their drink tho tincture above
mentioned.
" 4 More than nine hundred thousand persons, one
fifth of the population (of Belgium) are iusciibed
on the lists of poor relief.
" ' The majority of the girls who work in the coal-
pits have no great sense of decency, and seldom
marry without having had two or three children
previously.
" ' In 1867 thirty-five per cent, of the militia (com-
prising 111 classes) could neither read nor write/
"Many women make nails by hand while their
husbands are away in the summer season at work,
and many men in the winter do the same from five
o clock m the morning until eight in the evening,
and earn, at that, one franc fifty centimes a day, or
twenty-eight cents. The number of agricultural day
laborers is, males, 393,123—wages, two Iranos twenty-
five centimes, (forty-three cents;) agricultural <ia.y
laborers, iomales, 225,511—wages, one franc, (nine-
teen cents.) Bat in the winter season wages are
one third less.
"I will only add a short table of wages of two or
three trades at different points, from the same
authority:
" Daily Wac/eh.
_ "Bricldayerx.—Antwerp, 2s. 'id.,- Netherlands, Is.
id.,- Saxony, Si.,- Louisiana, United States, $3;
Pennsylvania, 10s., (84.)
" Carpenters.—A ntwerp, 2i. 3d.; Verviers, 2/. 75c..*
Italy, 2/.; Venice, 3s. :Ul.: Netherlands, Is. I'id.;
Saxony, 3s.,- Louisiana, United States, $3; tenn-
sylvania lib., C$2 75.)
"Smith/i.—A ntwerp, 2s. 5d., (58 cents:) Verviers, 3/.,
(56cents;) Italy, If. 5Ue., (48 cents;) Venice, 2?. 6d.,
(60 cents:) Netherlands, Is. id., (32cents;) Saxony,
2s. (id., (60 cents;) Louisiana, United States, §4:
Pennsylvania, lis., ($2 75.)
. "Let it be remembered that these wages in many
instances are from thirty to fifty per cent, more, as
is stated, than they were only a few years back, and
it will be easily understood why some articles have
been and yet can be produced abroad, not with less
labor, but for less money than in the United States."
I trust the time is far distant when the work-
ingmen of this country shall be forced to work
for the low wages received by European labor-
ers. I do not desire to see pauperism and
crime stalking about through our laud as in
foreign countries.
And yet this is the condition to which the
free-trade advocates in the United States
would invite the American laborer. A reduced
tariff means neither more nor less than reduced
wages and restricted privileges to the Amer-
ican laborer, with its attendant suffering and
poverty. It will result in the overthrow of
our whole social system, by which American
workmen are better housed, clothed, fed, and
educated, than any others iu the world. Every
candid man will admit that the social stand-
ing, comforts, and privileges of our workmen
proceed mainly from liberal wages which,
under the protective policy, they are now re-
ceiving. Hence, a blow struck at the protect-
ive policy of this country, is a blow at Amer-
ican labor, a matter well understood by our
intelligent mechanics and laborers, and hence
they pour in upon us their earnest petitions
remonstrating against a change in this policy.
It is said that if protection is extended to
any particular branch of business it thereby
creates a "monopoly." The advocates of
free trade forget that it is labor which we aim
to protect. The channels of labor and trade
are open to all, and there is no such thing as
an industrial monopoly iu the United States.
The success of one man stimulates others to
embark in the same industry, and every addi-
tional factory, furnace, or workshop increases
the demand foriaboi, while competition keeps
pi ices within reasonable bounds.
Mr. Speaker, it is a fact which cannot be
denied that when our workingmen find steady
employment, with good wages, the whole coun-
try is prosperous. The farmer finds a ready
market for the produce of his farm, the trade
of the merchant is profitable and brisk, and
professional men are promptly paid for their
services. In prosperous times house-building
and other improvements are required, and our
buildeis, carpenters, bricklayers, and other
trades find quick and profitable employment.
But let.the depression come, as it will with the
repeal of those laws protecting the industrial
interests of the country, and how suddenly the
demand for tins class of labor slackens, and ,
followed also by the diminution of the wages
of labor.
salt.
I ask the indulgence of the House, Mr.
Speaker, while I present some reasons why
the present duty on foreign salt should not be
reduced. A portion of my constituents are
