18^2.
Tfi® CONGrRESSIONA.L GLOBE.
tors will observe this—the expense of holding
courts in the western district of Arkansas last
year was, as the Senator from Arkansas tells
me, $260,000, and criminals and witnesses and
jurors were taken all the way from this Indian
country to the Mississippi river £tt ffery gteat
expense.
This bill now offered as an arhendtneot re-
adjusts the wfestern district of Arkansas; £ind
detaches from that district &11 bf the State bf
Arkansas, except & few bounties oh the bor-
der of the Indian country. Those few counties
it was thought necessary to retain- as part 6f
the western district bf Arkansas in connection
with the Indian country. This bill makes no
additional judge, because the judge of the
western district bf Arkansas ntiw has juris-
dictioti over the Indian bbuntfy; but it givfes
him some ten or A dbzen counties on the west-
ern line of Arkansas adjoining the Indian
country, aiid requites him to hold a term of
his court at Pott Gibson in the IKdian coun-
try ; and he alsb holds court &.t Fort Smith,
which is right upon the western border bf
Arkansas, in the State of Arkansas.
' If this bill is passed it will diminish the ex-
penses of the westbrn district of Arkansas
very much ; it ought to diniiiiish them $200,-
000. The whole expense of the western dis-
trict of Arkansas ought not to be $60,000. and
I presume would not be; and then ybu have
a court held in the Indian country, and yoti
have a few of the counties in Arkansas at-
tached to that country, so that you can if ne-
cessary dr&w jurymen frctm these cotinties in
Arkansas. Otie of the troubles id orgariizirig
this court is in referehce to jurbH. If you
establish the Indian country as a district by
itself, where will you get jurors?
It rniglit be very objectionable to try white
men b,efore Indian jurors: and tee have em-
bodied a provision here which authorizes the
court that is lield in the Indiaii country to
draw the jurors frcStii any persons twenty -
one years of age within the district, to give
the judge a discretion, for such cause as in his
judgment shall render it improper for a per-
son to serve, to discharge him from the jury.
In this way we think the jurors may be pro-
vided in the Indian country, and very great
expense saved to the Government. I think it
would save near a quarter bf a million bf dol-
lars. At any rate we ought to make provision
for holding this court in the Indian country.
It is a bill that 1 have tried to get up day after
3ay. It was delayed when it was last up.
The Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] not,
I suppose, because he had any objection to
the particular bill, but because he wanted to
reorganize the Indian territory, submitted an
amendment on which he presented some ob-
servations that occupied the morning hour. I
do not understand that he will press that in
opposition to the estabiishtnent.of this court.
That involves other questions.. The establish-
ment of a coUrt there will not interfere with
that. If the Senator from Nevada thinks
proper from the Committee on Territories to
teport a bill to reorganize that country, that is
another question. This will not interfere with
that. I trust he will not press the amendment
oh this bill.
Now, I hope the Senatdr from North Car-
olina will interpose no objection to this, and
we shall get this important bill through. The
House can concur at once, and I think would,
in an amendment of this kind; and thus we
shall accomplish an object Which it is very im-
portant to the public interests to have set-
tled.
Mr. POOL. I suppose it will accomplish
the main object the Setiator frota Illinois has
in view; that is, the defeat of the particular
bill pending for North Carolina. TUat seems
to be the main object that he has iu yiew iii
the mattet, and that would be the effect' of his
amendment if it were put on.
Now, I appeal to the Senator from Arkansas
to withdraw this amendment. It can have no
other effect iexcept to defeat this measure for
nay constituents.
Mr. TKUMBULL. It Will not defeat it at All.
Mr. POOL. That is toy judgment, and I do
not ask the judgment of the Senator from
Illinois; who is an enemy to the measure. I do
not want any amendment put on this bill, be-
cause it is a House bill. It came here and has
been examined by the Committee of the House
as well as the Copimittee of the Senate, aud
reported on, and I desire it to be passed) and I
know that any amendment at this late day will
defeat it,( I wish the Senator from Arkansas
would withdraw the amendment.
Mr. FRELINGHU YSEN. It is very appa-
rent that it will defeat the bill. It wants but
twelve minutes of twelve o'clock and the Sen-
ator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] is on the, floor
to discuss it, I understand.
Mr. NYE. Not at length.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask the Senator to yield
to me.
Mr. NYE. Certainly, .
Mr. CLAYTON. If this amendment is
going to defeat the passage of the bill of my
friend from North Carolina, of course I do not
want to do that, and if it will have that effect
I will withdraw it at present; but I do hope
the Senate will take up this question at an
early day.
Mr. CONKDING. You can pass it just as
quick by. itself as by way of amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall renew the
amendment if the Senator withdraws it. I
have tried for three weeks to get the bill up in
the morning hour. The Senate will bear me
witness that I have been importunate in trying
to get up this bill until I have made myself
almost obnoxious to the Senate) I fear. I have
tried morning after morning,
. The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Arkansas withdraw the amend-
ment?
Mr. CLAYTON. There is no use of my
withdrawing it if the Senator renews it. How-
ever, I withdraw it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I renew it.
Mr._ CARPENTER. As a member of the
Judiciary Committee I have been in favor of
passing the Arkansas bill, but I am not in
favor of putting it on this bill, for two reasons.
In the first place this is a House bill, and if
we pass it alone it becomes law without fur-
ther action of the House. In the next place,
I never will vote to set the precedent of get-
ting up an omnibus bill establishing judicial
courts. If this amendment is carried upon
this bill, there will be half a dozen other simi-
lar amendments moved upon it, and if we are
to set the precedent here, and that precedent
led by the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, especially after he seems to have lost-
all confidence in his committee, of passing an
omnibus bill through establishing judicial
courts in different States of the Union, I think
it would be a very bad precedent.
Mr. POMEROY. If this amendment is
renewed by the Senator from Illinois 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr, POMEROY. Then it is pending. I
would not want to occupy a moment's time
if the amendment was out of the way; but
I have some information on this subject
which 
Mr. CONKLINU. Let us vote. We can
vote it dotfn.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to say that this
measure of extending the western district of
Arkansas over the Indian country is the very
measure that the people who live in that In-
dian country, including the Indians, do not
want.
Several Senators. -We will vote it down.
Mr., POMEROY. I shall read from the
President a communication to Congress to
show that ijt is not the measure, and I shall
read from the communication of the Secretary
of the Interior to show that it is Tnis very court
that has made the trouble.
Mr. CLAYTON. Will the Senator yield ta
me ? I merely want to correct the Senator
frorh Kansas. This bill does Hot extend the
western district of Arkansas over the Indian
country. It is &lte£ldy extended over the
Indian couhtry..
Mr. POMEROY. That ia the trouble.
Mr. CLAYTON. This is a mere change in
the territory of the two districts in Arkansas ;
it takes a portion of the. territory dff the west-
ern district and puts it in the eastern district;
and establishes a cburt in the Indian country.
Mr. POMEROY. It establishes this very
court in the Itldi&ii countty, a thing the In-
dians protest against; and the President in
his communication showed that it was the
cause of all the trouble.
Mt. CONKLING. Let me appeal to the
Senator frdm _ Kansas to allow a vote to be
taken by a division at least; he will not lose
hife opportunity.
Mr. POMEROY. I will allow a vote by a
division.
Mr. CONKLING. My impression is that
the Senate will not iildulge this amendment,
whatever to ay be its merits separately. Let us
take the Sense of the Senate upon it.
Mr. POMEROY. I Want the Senator fro®
North Carolina to Succeed.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well, then; let us
vote down this amendment.
Mr. NYE. I understand this is the amend-
ment renewed by the Senator from Illinois. I
took oceisibri a few days ago, when this prop-
osition stood by itself as a separate measure,
to introduce an amendment which I think is
the eure for all this evil. I had ndt concluded
my remarks on it when the hour arrived When
I had to stop, as it will now. I am unfortun-
ate in my time ; but I Waht to ask the Senator
from Illinois a question or two, as his experi-
ence of judicial matters is vety great. I ask
him how niuch tnore it costs tb transport a
criminal from the Indian couhtry to the place
where the courts ate now held in Arkansas
than it does to transport a jury every time
one ia wanted from Arkansas into the Indian
country? Besides, I Was about to suggest—
but 1 am not going to take up time—that you
violate the treaty every time you do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator is mis-
taken. If the Senator had noticed what I said,
he would have observed that the western judi:
cial district of Arkansas now extends over the
Indian country.
Mr. NYE. Ikno*.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You do not want to
take people from the Indian country west of
Arkansas to the Mississippi river on the east.
Now .you propose to change the western dis-
trict and take off it the counties in Arkansas,
eicept a few on the border, and attach them
to the eastern district of Arkansas. The Sen-
ator sees readily that that will reduce the
expense very largely. It may be much more
expensive to take jurors and witnesses to the
place of holding court than for the court to go
with the jurors into the Indian country or to
call a jury in the Indian country. I under-
stand that in some of these criminal trials hun-
dreds of persons have been brought from the
Indian country to the place of holding the
court at an expense of thousands of dollars
daily, and that is the way these expenses have
been run up.
The proposition of the Senator froni Nevada
may be a better one for the ultimate govern-
ment of the Indian couhtiy. I know we are
likely to. have trouble in reference to it. I am
not prepared at the present time to express an
opinion as to what is the best thing to do to
settle the difficulties that exist in that Indian
country. But the Senator from Nevada is
mistaken when he says that we violate the
treaties. I should like to know from him. what
Indian treaty do we violate? Why, the very
treaties that were made with the Cherokee
Indians, and with the .Creeks and Choctaws
and the various tribes that are settled in what
