1872.
PHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1179
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLE. I rise for the purpose of pro-
posing to the Senate that some time be fixed
upon for taking the vote 011 the pending reso-
lution, say five o'clock this afternoon, or some
hour to-morrow. I incline to ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to have the matter
disposed of to-day, and to ascertain whether
a vote cannot be taken by five o'clock this
afternoon. The matter has been so thoroughly
discussed already, and I may say with so much
feeling, that I think it quite time that the Sen-
ate should proceed to the legitimate business
of the session. The important bills of the
session are being postponed and put off and
interfered with to an unusual extent, and I
might almost add to an inexcusable extent.
I propose that by unanimous consent the debate
on the pending resolution be closed this after-
noon at five o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California asks that by unanimous
consent debate on the pending resolution be
closed at five o'clock this afternoon. Is there
any objection?
Mr. HARLAN. I am not willing to agree
to that.
The PRESIDENTyro tempore. It is object-
ed to.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator from Iowa
propose some other hour in order that we can
see our way through this almost interminable
discussion ?
• Mr. HARLAN. I am perfectly willing to
take the vote now without debate.
Mr. COLE. That would be much more
agreeable to me, but I am told there are some
Senators who desire to speak on the question,
and of course there is no disposition to cut off
any reasonable debate. If no Senator pro-
poses to speak upon it, of course those of us
who do not wish to speak but to expedite busi-
ness will be very glad to have the vote taken
at an earlier hour.
Mr. HARLAN. I am perfectly willing that
the vote should be taken now without further
debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator object to five o'clock being fixed as
the hour?
Mr. HARLAN. I do.
Mr. COLE. Does anybody object to taking
the vote now?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe the Senator
from California has accomplished his object;
I suppose all he expects to accomplish.
Mr. COLE. By no means. I hoped that I
might have had the consent of the Senate to
take the vote on this question to-day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Iowa
objects to that. I do not wish to interpose.
Mr. COLE. The Senator spoke of all I
hoped to accomplish. It is not by any means
all that I hoped.
Mr. TRUMBULL addressed the Senate.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois has come here this afternoon with
a prepared speech, first as an assault upon
myself, secondly and more particularly as a
defense of what is called the Missouri move-
ment ; the proposition to hold a convention in
the city of Cincinnati with a view of nominat-
ing an independent ticket to be voted for for
President and Vice President; in other words,
a movement intended expressly to divide and
destroy the Republican party. I should insult
the intelligence of the members of the Senate
if I were now to take time to addtfce evidence
to establish the truth of this proposition, that
these are the objects and purposes of what is
called the Missouri movement or the propo-
sition to hold a convention in the city of Cin-
cinnati. Every man who is at all conversant
with politics for the last few months under-
stands the character of that movement, and I
express my sincere regret that the Senator
from Illinois has this day identified himself
with it. But, when he has done so, I can do
no less than recognize the fact. I cannot con-
ceal from the public what he has himself ex-
pressed. He has come here in defense of the
platform, in defense of the movement, to show
that it is a Republican movement; but he
manifests extreme simplicity in the conclusion
of his remarks by asking where is the evidence
that it is intended to nominate an independent
ticket. Where is the evidence ? In the history
of the whole movement, in the speech of Gov-
ernor Gratz Brown, made before that conven-
tion. Now, for the purpose of throwing some
light on the question as to whether these so-
called " liberal Republicans " are regarded as
Republicans in the State of Missouri, and the
character of this movement, I ask the Secre-
tary to read the third resolution adopted by
the Republican State convention, held yester-
day in the capital of Missouri, the city of Jef-
ferson, as reported by telegraph this morning.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"The third states that inasmuch as the discour-
aging elements of other States are now looking to
Missouri for confirmation of their hopes of division
in our ranks, wo take this occasion to proclaim to
the Republicans of the nation that the party in this
State is united, vigorous, and enthusiastic; that
there is no cause for schism and there is no schism;
that it will poll the full Republican vote of the
State for the nominee of the national Republican
convention; that the present so-called liberal Re-
publican faction, if considered apart from the Dem-
ocratic party, which it should not be, is contempti-
ble in numbers, too feeble to organize, too cunning
to expose its weakness by separate organization, a
mere clique of disaffected persons seeking to perpet-
uate divisions which are now utterly groundless,
without the indorsement of a respectable minority
of Republicans, and powerless to embarrass the
party."
Mr. MORTON. The Republicans of Mis-
souri yesterday, in a large convention, where
every county in the State, I am told, was rep-
resented, have resolved that the men who
called the Cincinnati convention are not Re-
publicans ; that they have, in effect, united
themselves with the Democratic party; that
they are insignificant in numbers, and express
the belief that the organization will fail from
that cause, as I believe it will, and I do not
believe it is in the power of the Senator from
Illinois, powerful though he is, with a great
name through this country, to give life and
vitality and effect to this movement. It will
go down, and it will be the good fortune of
various gentlemen if they do not go down
along with it.
The Senator asked the question, what is the
object of this convention ? I refer to the gen-
eral history of the whole proceeding. I will
now ask the Secretary to read an extract from
the speech of B. Gratz Brown, made to the
convention in Missouri that adopted the plat-
form which, has been read, and which called
this Cincinnati convention. I ask the Clerk
to read the passage I have marked.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Gentlemen of the convention, I desire to say only
a few words more to assure all who are present, all
who may be participants, and all who may scan
these proceedings from abroad, that they are de-
signed to be the initial of a great movement, and
that they have no personal end. It is the safety of
this nation that we labor for. We expect to have in
this movement the cooperation of able and distin-
guished men in all parts of this country. We shall
look—I might name them, but they need not be
named—we shall look to them to rally the Liberal
Republican sentiment of other States; and if, when
we come together and define our position, and take
final action, it shall be found that some of those gen-
tlemen are more capable of leading us to victory, are
better prepared to unite the opposing elements in
their own persons than any one whom our own friends
might present through their personal partiality, I
have only to counsel you, one and all, to give such
selection your earnest support; and to say for my self,
I shall do as I have often done before—go to the
forefront of the battle and tight there for the integ-
rity of the Constitution."
Mr. MORTON. Let the Secretary right
there stop. Here Governor Brown, of Mis-
souri, who is credited with having drawn this
platform, and who is one of the chief authors
of the movement, modestly intimates—indi-
rectly, it is true—that he expects the nomina-
tion ; but he says if some other person from
some other State should be found to have
greater power to rally the Liberal Republicans
of the whole country than one of their own
citizens, he will do all in his power to accom-
plish the success of the movement. I cannot
say whether he had in view at that time the
Senator from Illinois. The Senator has re-
ferred in the course of his speech to what the
country understands about charges of corrup-
tion, and so on. Now, I think the country
understands that the Senator himself -will be a
candidate before that convention, and Gov-
ernor Brown says that if a man from some other
State than Missouri can be found who can
rally the people better, more successfully, than
one from their own State—modestly referring
to himself—he will do all in his power to bring
about his election. 'Now, I think it is under-
stood by the country that the Senator from
Illinois has stepped out from the ranks of the
Republican party, stopping, however, at easy
returning distance, aud havinpbis> back chalked
all over: "Barkis is willin'." u Laughter.]
If they choose to take him for their candidate,
he stands ready. If that is not the fact, this
was a good time for the Senator to have dis-
abused the country on that subject; but I think
I state what is the common understanding.
Now the Secretary will read on from Gov-
ernor Brown's speech.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"I have only to counsel you, one and all, to give
such selection your earnest support; and to say for
myself, I shall do as I have often done before—go to
the forefront of the battle, and fight there for the
integrity of the Constitution, and the purity of our
Government, and the sacred cause of freedom for
this whole nation—not mere supremacy for any
part—until the last hour oi the last day of the com ■
mg conflict. [Loud cheers.]
"One other word, and I have done. Some of our
friends seem to indulgo in very great timidity about
what is known as the Democratic party, i partici-
pate in no such apprehension*. If they shall deem
it wise to sustain our action, T am free, for one, to
welcome thom all to the work of regeneration.
Let us have them with us'. I shall be truly glad of
the cooperation of all the antagonistic elements
of this nation who oppose present abuses and aro
zealously in favor of these reforms; and I shall not
be afraid that uiy orthodoxy will be impeached
or tarnished by any such association. [Cheers.]
And I will add, furthermore, sir, that if in that
crowning victory we shall be able to assure this
nation that that great Democratic party, which has
occupied such a conspicuous position in the annals
of our country, has come forward honestly and ac-
quiesced in the settlement of the war, and has
addressed itself to the great problems of tbe future
with a view to their solution, then I shall say that
each and every man who assists in bringing about
that result will be entitled to the honor and grati-
tude of this country."
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, mark the
delicacy of the proposition. He first says that
his orthodoxy will not be affected by amal-
gamating with the Democracy. We can ail
believe that ; but he then intimates very deli-
cately that if the Democracy will unite with
them the spoils shall be divided—that is what
it means—that the offices shall be divided;
that those who come in shall receive the re-
ward ; and I call upon my Democratic friends
now to take notice of the liberal proposition
that is made to them : that if they wiil come in
and support the nominees of the Cincinnati
convention there will be a liberal division of
the spoils of the offices, and of the results of
victory. The Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Vickers] says "We do not want any offices."
That is a good thing to come from a Demo-
cratic Senator. [Laughter.]
Now, I propose to refer very briefly to this
platform. I did state the other day in speak-
ing of this platform that it was essentially
anti-Republican and essentially Democratic;
but those who will read what I said in the
Globe, and who heard me, will readily under-
stand that I was referring to the pivotal reso-
lution in the platform. There are alv/aya
some resolutions in every platform that every-
body will agree to. I have not seen a Demo-
cratic platform in years that did not contain
some things which were good and which we
all agreed to ; and there are some things also
in Republican platforms that Democrats will
agree to. There are always some "glittering
