2972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
I read was a correct statement, and lie will
find that, it harmonizes when you turn over to
the expenditures by fiscal years, where there
is another statement. He will find that it
agrees in substance with this fiscal statement
in the finance report. In some figures there
is a variation of one, two, or three thousand
dollars in the fiscal years. The reason why 1
took the calendar years was the tact that the
rebellion began immediately after the calen-
dar year of 1860, and it terminated immedi-
ately after the commencement of the calendar
year of 1865. Therefore, in order to show
"the statement which I thought the Senate
would be more interested in of expenditures,
I took thai .
And all this, Mr. President, began by the
defiant and doubting inquiry of the honorable
Senator from Illinois, whether anybody could
tell him what had been the expenditures of the
Navy Department for the last few years, what-
ever the number might be, as if the Depart-
ment had not furnished us with the informa-
tion, and as if every Senator whose duty it was
to inquire into and examine these matters in
connection with the appropriation bills had
not the means of knowing and did not know.
The Senator at last has found on his own tes-
timony, as it turns out, a statement by fiscal
years of this very information he was demand-
ing so defiantly of the Senate as indicating
that there had been some concealment in the
administration of these Departments.
Now, Mr. President, to come to the ques-
tion that the Senator put as to the increase
of expenditures since the war over those
belore the war, he wishes to know how it is
made out. In the first place, we liave a good
many more vessels on distant and expensive
stations than we had before the war, which
cost a great deal of money. In the second
place, on the subject ot repairs and construc-
tion, what little construction there is, does
not the Senator know, has he not, made the
echoes ring in this Chamber with cries
about it, that the expenditure for labor, that
the cost, of iron, that the cost ot live oak,
that the cost of cordage, that the cost of
everything is double what it was before, lie
has taught us, if we did not know it before,
by speech after speech and statement after
statement, about the dreadful operation of
the tarilf and other frightful things that occur
to the injury of all mankind ; and then, as
my friend from Rhode Island [Mr. AnthonyJ
says, men work only about two thirds as
much as they did before the war, and that
makes some difference. The Senator will
find in the reports of this very Navy De-
partment, if he will look at, them and read
them carefully, statements showing how much
the cost of these things has increased, lie
will find liow much we pay for live-oak tim-
ber compared to what we paid before the
war if he will take up the various reports
and look at them. There is no concealment.
He will find in the very last reports the bids
put in for live-oak timber and the prices
paid; and yet the Senator turns around and
asks us what has become of the money.
Why, Mr. President, you have only to look
at these official statements and you will iind
what has become of the money, and you will
find it has been honestly spent. The Senator
might just as well turn around and show that
the expenses of the Senate of the United States
for the pay of Senators are one third greater
than before the war, and say that millions and
millions have been taken by Senators out of
the public Treasury, and what has become of
the money. I know what has become of mv
share of it. It has gone for beef and flour. So
muchforthat; fori do not wish to occupy time.
Now, as to Seeor, (which was a little side-
show that my friend got up after he saw where
he was coming out about the main attack,)
I do not know what the law is about Secor.
It is, not my business to know. All I can
say at this moment, and all I wish to say, is,
that the Second Comptroller of the Treasury,
who, 1 believe, the Senator himself told us
the other day (or at least he agreed to it, be-
cause he did not dissent, for that is his theory
about everybody here) was a very good law-
yer, and we all know lie is a life-long Demo-
crat, and we all know he is an honest man,
and is a regular bull dog, who stands at the
ga,te of the Treasury to resist and discard
all claims that come from the Navy or any
other Department for allowances that are not
right 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator means
to quote me, Idid not say a single word about
the Second Comptroller.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 say the Senator sat.
still, and therefore he acquiesced and agreed
to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not say he was a
lawyer.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know the honorable
Senator did not, but he eat by and heard it,
and therefore he is bound to know it. He
says that my friend from New Hampshire
must agree to every report made from the
Navy Department.
Mr. TRUMBULL. From his own com-
mittee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. From his own committee,
for the reason that he does not get up every
time the committee reports and say, I dis-
agree to that.'' Nothat, is incorrect as a
matter of fact as to the practice in this body,
and I only show 1 lie honorable Senator how
absurd it is by saying that, he has agreed that
the Second Comptroller is a great lawyer and
all that.
But, Mr. President, no matter who has
agreed, we have heard here lately, and have
heard truly, that one of the most careful and
intelligent and critical officers of this Govern-
ment is this same Second Comptroller. He
exercises every day law duties. That is what
he is put theie for, to construe statutes and
keep out all claims not lawful and proper to
be paid pursuant to law. We know that he
passed this claim utter consideration and con-
sultation. 'That is enough for me until he
conies here to be tried for having violated his
duty, if he ever does.
The trouble, is Mr. President, if there is any
trouble about this matter, that the Navy De-
partment needs counsel, and I would advise
the Navy Department to employ my honorable
friend from Illinois to go up there and advise
it from day to day and from time to time for
such a liberal remunerative fee as would make
it an object for both parties, and thus save
money to tlie Government. That is the only
way ; for how is the Second Comptroller or
the Secretary of the Navy to know what to do
until they have got his opinion on the subject?
It seems if they undertake to do anything, to
pay an honest man an honest claim for honest
work, he must be immediately assailed, because
it does not happen to meet the approval of the
honorable Senator, and assailed, too, in this
indirect manner, which is entirely foreign to
anything in relation to this bill.
.But, sir, I have taken up more time than I
meant to about this little flourish of trumpets.
The fact is, it is an unlucky week for talk.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CRAGTN. I do not mean to detain the
Senate long, for I do not profess to be as good
a lawyer as the Senator from Illinois; but
there are some facts in this case that I wish to
present to the Senate which are more familiar
to me than to him probably. It is true I made
a mistake in the outset in saying that the law
he referred to of 1S67 was merely a resolution
of the Senate ; but I corrected it before he read
the law or looked at it. I wish to call atten-
tion specially to this act of 1867, and then to
state how the board construed the law, how
they acted under it as laying the foundation
for the Secor claim and others. The aet of
1867 reads as follows:
" That the Secretary of the Navy is hereby author-
j; ized and directed to investigate the claims of all
contractors for building vessels ot war and steam
machinery for the same under contracts male after
the 1st d.,y of May. 1M, and prior to the 1st day of
January. 1SG1. and said investigation to be made
upon the following basis: he shall ascertain the
additional coat which w n nccessarilv incurred by
each conn-actor in the completion of his work by
reason of any changes or alterations jn the plans
and specifications required, and delays in the prose-
cution of the work occasioned by the Government,
whica were not provided for in the original contract;
but no allowance tor any advance in the price oi
labor or mateiial shall be considered unle.-s such
advance occurred during the, prolonged time for
completing the work rendeiea necessary by the
delay lesulting from the action of the Government
aioresaid. and'then only when such advance could
not have been avoided by the exercise of ordinary
prudence and diligence on the part of the con-
tractor.'"
I will not read the concluding part. I read
this that the Senate may have an iaea of what
the law was and of the basis upon which this
investigation was to take place. Now, as a
matter of fact, the boaid which was appointed
by the Secietary of the Navy construed this
statute to mean simply this, and no more: that
they were to investigate ooe particular class
of claims 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Where is the evidence
of that?
Mr. CRAGIN. I have the evidence from
the board itself. Every member of it at the
time told me so privately, and I have their
reporr, which I have sent for. and which will
be here very soon. They have sworn to that
alio before the committee of investigation of
the House, and the evidence is or may be
before the Senator from Illinois. They de-
cided that this law required them to invest-
igate only one particular class of claims, and
that the increased cost, of labor and materials
occasioned by the delay of the Government.
'That was all they investigated. They ex-
cluded every claim for extra work. They ex-,
eluded every claim for every purpose what-
il soever except that one, the increased cost of
j] labor, the increased cost of materials which
|j was occasioned by the delay and actiou of
lj the. Government. Every member of that
board so swears. They so told the Committee,
on Naval Aftairs iti 1868, when the act of
1868 was presented to the Senate and when
it passed. So much for that.
This board made allowances to only six or
seven contractors, and excluded some twenty
oi thirty on this very ground: that their
claims did not come within the basis of the
rule which they laid down, that they would
examine only those claims which related to
the increased cost of labor and materials.
Hence, m their report, against the names of
three fourths of all these contractors is written
the word "none." The board explained to
the Committee on Naval Affairs at that time
that they did not consider the cases of those
contractors because they did not come within
the rule, within the construction of the law
of 1867 as they interpreted it; that they had
no claims for the incieased price of labor and
materials caused by the delay of the Gov-
ernment. Therefore, when the law of 1868
was passed appropriating the money to pay
the five or six claimants whose claims had
been allowed by this board it was understood
by the Committee on Naval Affairs—it was
understood by me, at least; I will not speak
for others—that it covered only that single
class of claims ; that is, pay for the increased
cost of labor and materials.
I desire to impress that point upon the Sen-
ate. I want to impress upon them the idea
that this naval board made that construction
of the law of 1867; that they considered only
those claims and no others; that they excluded
every claim for extra work as not coming
within the law. That was their interpretation
of it. My own judgment is that they did not
interpret it correctly. 1 think they ought to
have considered claims to a greater extent ;
but that was their business. They put their
construction upon it, and considered only those
claims, and Congress in appropriating, appro-
