1180
THE.CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
generalities" that belong to a platform; but
when I came to speak of this platform I pointed
to the fourth resolution as the pivotal resolu-
tion, as the cue which gave it character and
gave it life, and that is the one to which I now
propose to call the attention of the Senate.
I was surprised to hear the comments of the
Senator on this resolution. I was surprised
to hear him intimate that this resolution meant
only that they were opposed to uaconstituT
tional laws to suppress the Ku Klux society.
He says he is opposed to unconstitutional
laws, and he wants to know if I am not. Cer-
tainly I am, And he would have this coun-
try to believe that that was all this resolution
meant 1 Does the Senator suppose he can
deceive the country in that way? What does
it mean?
" The resort to unconstitutional laws to cure Ku
Klux disorders."
They meant to convey the idea that all the
laws we have passed oil that subject are un-
constitutional. That is the idea they convey.
That is the way the country understands it.
That was a reference to the Ku Klux law, a
reference to all the laws we have passed for
the purpose of suppressing disorder in the
South, a declaration that they are unconsti-
tutional. That is the understanding we all
have of what that platform meant. But the
Senator says it only means that they are
opposed to laws that are unconstitutional,
without pointing out or without intimating
that those already passed are unconstitutional.
Now, I tell the Senator that he does vio-
lence to himself when he attempts to give that
most pitiful construction to this platform.
Those men meant to say that the Ku Klux law
was unconstitutional. They meant to say that
all we have done on that subject is unconsti-
tutional. They meant to declare neutrality
between the Ku Klux and this Government.
They intended to lay down a platform upon
which the Ku Klux themselves could stand,
and would be willing to stand, and they have
invited them to stand upon it. They have
thrown out the broad proposition that the law
which we passed last year, and all we have
done on that subject, is unconstitutional. But
the Senator says it only meant that they were
opposed to anything we might do that might
be unconstitutional. 1 will not call that petti-
fogging ; that is a word not proper for the
Senate; but I will say that when my friend
attempts to give a gloss and a construction
like that to this platform he is doing violence
to his own character, aud is insulting the intel-
ligence of those who are listening to him.
Now, Mr. President, he comes down to the
question of the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus. He passes a eulogy upon that writ.
He says we have no power to suspend it ex-
cept in cases of invasion and of rebellion. I
agree with him. But this Congress came to
the conclusion that there was a rebellion in
the South, aud that the President was author-
ized in certain cases to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus for the purpose of suppressing
that rebellion. The Senator disagreed with
us, and he voted against that law. 1 will give
him credit for consistencj' upon this point,
that for two years past we have had 110 aid
from him in protecting the lives and liberty of
the people in the South; for two years his
voice has not been heard upon that side of the
question, and I am sorry for it. He voted
against that bill; he spoke against it; and to-
day he says that there is no occasion for sus-
pending the writ of habeas corpus, for there
is neither rebellion nor invasion.
Mr. President, there is an organization in
the South to day that is itself a rebellion, an
armed organization, and the very existence of
that organization is an offense, and that or-
ganization has committed thousands of crimes.
1 heard a man say the other day, and I believe
the statement is true, that more men have
been killed and more have been wounded,
tortured, and punished in the South in the last
four years by the Ku Klux organization than
were killed and wounded during the whole
war between this country and Great Butain
that began in 1812. There is a rebellion in
the South; there is an armed organization;
there is an army, and I will state here what
was suggested to me a little while ago by a
member, that the members of that society in
great part are armed with better arms than
were sold by our Government and which it is
said went to the French Government; armed
with the best kind of arms, in complete or-
ganizations, officered and equipped; and in
seven or eight States of this Union there is no
protection for life, liberty, and property if we
shall adopt the platform read by the Senator
and declare neutrality between this Govern-
ment and the Ku Ivlux organization.
Mr. President, I am reminded of what has
occurred before on the floor of the Senate ;
and the Senator has had much to say on a
good many occasions about the corruptions in
the southern State governments ; but he has
had very little to say in regard to the murders
and tortures and whippings, exiles, burnings,
that have taken place m the South for the last
three or four years. His voice has generally
been silent on that subject. He has said
to-day that he was as much opposed to the
Ku Klux as anybody; that he hated them;
that they ought to be punished. Ah, but he
has voted against every proposition to punish
them. It is of no importance for him to de-
clare that he opposes the Ku Klux when he
does all in his power to prevent the Ku Klux
from being brought to punishment. How
much respect shall I have for the declaration
.of that man who says " I am in favor of pro-
tecting life, liberty, and property,'' but is
opposed to and resists the use of all the means
that may be necessary for that purpose ?
Whenever it has been proposed in this Cham-
ber for the last two years to bring forward a prop-
osition or law to protect life, liberty, and prop-
erty in the South and to suppress the Ku Klux
disorders, the Senator has been against it,
upon constitutional grounds he says; upon the
ground that the State governments can give
such protection and preserve order. He
has had reasons; Twill not question his mo-
tives ; but 1 am now simply stating the fact
that upon all these occasions the Senator's
voice and his vote have been against the use
of the means that we thought were necessary
for the protection of life, liberty, and property
in the South.
Mr. President, the Senator says that during
the war he went as far as anybody. He says
that he was for confiscation, death, desola-
tion, and destruction, I believe, to use his very
language. Men who go to one extreme are
very apt afterward to go to the other. If those
were his sentiments during the war he has
gotten bravely over them. He seems to have
recovered entirely and to have now gone
around upon the other side. Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, the Government of Great Britain went
to war, organized a distant and costly expedi-
tion against the king of Abssynia because he
had imprisoned four British subjects. It is
one of the brightest passages in hliiglish his-
tory. More recently they threatened Greece
with war if she did not bring to punishment
the brigands who had murdered two English
subjects; and how was it with ourselves? We
threatened Austria with war if she did not
release Martin Koszta, who had merely de-
clared his intention to become a citizen of the
United States; and more recently we have
made_ war against Corea, a distant country
in Asia; we have battered down her forts and
slaughtered herarmiesby the hundred because,
forsooth, an American crew, shipwrecked on
that coast someyears ago, were murdered and
the murderers never brought to punishment.
There seems to be an idea abroad that our
Goverpmenthasthepower to protect an Amer-
ican citizen in every country but his own, upon
every other soil but our own soil, while I hold
to the doctrine—the great national repub-
lican doctrine, that this Government has the
power to protect an American citizen where
ever the flag floats, whether at home or abroad.
Mr. President, enough upon that subject. I
want to say a word now upon the subject of
amnesty. The Senator says that he is in favor
of amnesty and he says the President of the
United States is in favor of amnesty. The
Senator is in favor of universal amnesty. He
has no authority for saying that the President
of the United States is in favor of universal
amnesty. He has not said so in his message.
I do not believe he is in favor of it. I am not
in favor of giving to Jeff Davis and the authors
of the rebellion the right to hold office, the
right to take seats upon this floor. But the
other day we had an amnesty bill, one that
granted amnesty to all but three classes, those
who went out of Congress and took part in the
rebellion; those who went out of our Army
and went into the rebel army ; and those who
were in the State conventions that passed ordin-
ances of secession.
We put an amendment on to that bill, and
I voted for it, that that bill should not have
the effect, if it was passed, to relate back and
make valid the election to an office which a
man had taken at the time he was under dis-
abilities. That was the amendment which I
offered. The Senatorobjected. Then weput
on to it another amendment, and that was that
no man who belonged to the Ku Klux organ-
ization should receive the benefit of that bill;
and I give the Senator the credit of saying that
he voted against that. The Senator, accord-
ing to his own vote, was desirous to extend
amnesty to the members of the Ku Klux or-
ganization. Then, again, there was another
amendment put on it, the civil rights bill,
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner.] I understand the Senator
from Illinois to say now that he is in favor of
a civil rights bill as an independent measure.
If he was in favor of it as an independent
measure, why did he not vote for this bill
after that amendment bad been put upon it?
His vote and the vote of the Senator from
Missouri and the vote of the Senator from
Nebraska would have carried the amnesty bill
with that amendment upon it. I happen to
have the Globe here with the result of the
vote on the passage of the bill. It was—yeas
33 ; against it 19. A change of two votes
from the negative to the affirmative would
have given the requisite two thirds ; but the
Senator from Illinois voted against the bill.
Why? Because it contained the civil rights
amendment—and yet says he has always been
m favor of equal civil rights—and because it
contained an amendment that prohibited the
Ku Klux from having the benefits of amnesty.
When we came to consider the civil rights
amendment, there were several constitutional
objections taken to that amendment. One ob-
jection was that it in effect repealed or struck
outof the naturalization law the word "white,"
which would have authorized the naturaliza-
tion of Chinese in California. There were four
or five Senators on this floor who were opposed
to that, especially those from the Pacific coast;
and if that clause had been stricken out, the
bill would have passed, anyhow ; but when
we came to vote upon that question, and other
questions of constitutional difficulty, the Sen-
ator from Illinois voted against striking those
things out of the amendment, because, he
said—I have the language here marked in the
Globe—he wanted to make it as obnoxious as
possible, so as to break the amendment down;
and by his vote he succeeded in keeping in the
amendment that part affecting the naturaliza-
tion laws, and one or two other provisions that
lost the bill, I think, five votes; and if any-
body is responsible for the defeat of that bill,
it is the Senator himself.
_ Now, Mr. President, upon the subject of
civil service reform, the'Senator says he has
always been in favor of civil service reform.
