2076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
, Mr. STARKWEATHER. I made the same
proposition distinctly on Thursday, and it
ipade no difference as regarded the progress
of the bill. I desire a vote on the suspension
of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Con-
necticut insists upon his own motion.
Mr. COX. I would like the attention of the
gentleman from Connecticut to say one thing.
Manj; members are paired off to-day.. I am one.
A pair-off on a two-thirds vote is two to one.
I think it is very wrong to force this bill through
on Monday.
A Member. Why did you pair off? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. COX. I could not help it. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Wednesday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion. The rule forbids the Chair,
pending a motion to suspend the rules, to en-
tertain more than one motion, which is that
the House do now adjourn. The Chair will
direct the reading of the rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
"161. Pending a motion to suspend the rules the
Speaker may entertain one motion that the House
do now adjourn : hut after the result thereon is an-
nounced he shall not entertain any other dilatory
motion till the vote is taken on suspension."
Mr. BEATTY. I call for the yeas and nays
on my motion.
The yeas and nays wer% ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 36, nays 138, not voting
66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adatns. Archer, Arthur. Beatty,
Beck, Campbell, Carroll, Coghlan, Du Bose, Duke,
Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Hereford, Herndon,
Hibbard, Holman, Kerr, King:, Lewis. McHenry,
Mclntyre, McNeely, Merrick. Morey, Read, John
M. Rice, Kitehie, William K. Roberts, Stevens,
Storm, Swann, Terry, Van Trump, Whitthorne, and
Winchester—36.
NATS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler Averill, Banks,
Barber, Barry, Bell, Biggs, Austin Blair, Braxton,
Bright, Buckley, Buthnton, Burdett, Benjamin P.
Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Cobb, Coburn.
Conger, Conner, Cotton, Creely. Critcher, Crocker,
Crossland, Dawes, De Large, Donna.ii, Dox, Dun~
noil, Battles, Eldredge, Elliott, Farweli, Finkeln-
burg, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D.
Foster, Frye, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith, Hat-
doman, Halsey, Harmer, Harper, George E. Harris,
John T. Harris, Havens, Hawley, Hay, Gerry W.
Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Houghton, Kel-
ley, Kendall, Lamison, Lamport, Lansing, Leach,
Lowe, Manson, Marshall, Maynard, McCormick,
McCrary, McGrew, McJunkin, McKinney, Mercur,
Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroe, Moore,
Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard,
Palmer, Rosea W. Parker, Peek, Pendleton, Aaron
If. Perry, fi(i Perry, Peters, Piatt, Porter, Prindle,
Bainey, Randall, Edward Y.Rice, Ellis H. Roberts,
Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, Sherwood, Shober, Slater. Slocum, H.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Starkweather, Ste-
venson. Stoughtonf> Stowell, Sutherland, Sypher,
lane, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Turner, Tuthill,
Twichell.lyner, Upson, Vauerhan, Voorhees, Wake-
man, Walden, Waldron, Wallace, Wells, Wheeler,
Wiilard, Williams of Indiana. John T. Wilson, and
Wood—138.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Barnuiu,Beveridge,
Bigby, Biugham, Bird, James Gr. Blair, Boles, George
M. Brooks, James Brooks, Burchard, William T.
Clark, jbreeman Clarke, Comingo, Cox, Crebs, Dar-
rall, Davi$, Dickey, Duell, Ely, Farnsworth, Forker,
Garfield, (Goodrich, Hale, Hambleton, Hays, Hoar,
Hooper, Kellogg, Ketcham, Killinger, Kinsella,
Lynch, McClelland, McKee, Mitchell, Morgan, Nib-
lack, Packer, Isaac C. Parker, Perce, Poland, Pot-
ter, Price, Robinson, Roosevelt, Sawyer, Scofield,
Shellabarser, Shoemaker, Sloss, Snapp, Thomas
J. Speer, Sprague, Strong, St. John, Washington
Townsend, Waddell, Walls. Warren, Whiteley, Wil-
liams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
Young—56.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Starkweather that the rules be sus-
pended and the bill offered by him put upon
its passage.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and there were—■
yeas 115, nays 5G, not voting 69 ; as follows;
YEAS--Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Averill, Banks,
JBarber, Barry, Beveridge, Bigby, Biggs, Austin
Blair, Buffin*on, Burchard, Burdett, Roderick R.
Butler,Cobb.Conger, Conner,Cotton, Creely, Crocker,
DarraH. De Large, Donnan, Dox, Bunnell, Karnes,
Eldredge,Elliott, Farnsworth, Farweli, CharlesFos-
ter, Henry D. Foster,Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garrett,
Getz, Golladay, Griffith, Haldeman, Hale, Halsey,
Hanks,Harmer, Harper, George E.Harris, Hawley,
Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, Hill, Hooper, Houghton,
Kelley, Kendall, Lamison, Lamport, Lansing, Leach,
Lowe, Maynard, McCrary, McJunkin, McKinney,
Mercur, Benjamin F. Meyers, Moore, Morey, Mor-
phis, Leonard Myers, Negley. Orr, Palmer, IsaacC.
Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Peters, Piatt, Porter,
Prindle, Rainey, Randall, Rogers, Rusk, Sargent,
Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Sher-
wood, Shober. H. Boardman Smith. John A. Smith,
Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Stark-
weather, Stoughton, Stowell, Sutherland, Sypher,
Taffe, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Turner, Tuthill,
Twicheil. Vaughan, Voorhees, Wakeman, Walden,
Waldron, Wallace, Wells, Wheeler, and Williams
of Indiana—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arthur, Beatty,
Beck, Bell, Bright, Caldwell, Campbell, Coburn,
Coghlan,Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Dawes, Du Bose,
Duke, Fin keln burg, Handley, John T.Harris, Havens
Hay. Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard, Holman, Kerr,
King, Lewis. Manson, Marshall, McGrew, McHenry,
Mclntyre, McNeely, Merriam, Merrick, Monroe,
Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Poland, Read, John
M. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts,
Slater, Slocum, Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Swann,
Terry, Upson, Van Trump, Whitthorne, and Win-
chester—5fi.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Barnum, Bing-
ham, Bird, James G. Blair, Boles, Braxton, George
M. Brooks, James Brooks, Buckley, Benjamin F.
Butler, Carroll, William T. Clark, Freeman Clarke,
Comingo, Cox, Davis, Dickey, Duel!, Ely, Forker,
Garfield, Goodrich, Hambleton, Hancock, John W.
Hazelton, Hoar, Kellogg, Ketcham, Killinger, Kin-
sella. Lynch, McClelland, McCormick, McKee,
Mitchell, Morgan, Niblack, Packard, Packer, Hosea
W. Parker, Perce, Potter, Price, Edward Y. Rice,
Ritchie, Robinson* Roosevelt, Scofield. Shellabar-
ger, Shoemaker, Sloss.Worthington C. Smith, Snapp,
Sprague, Strong, St. John, Washington Townsend,
Tyner, Waddell, Walls, Warren, Whiteley, Wiilard,
Williams of New York. Jeremiah M. Wilson, John
T. Wilson, Wood, and Young—69.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill (H. K. No.
2187) was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio,said: Upon any
majority vote in connection with this bili I am
paired with Mr. Scofield, of Pennsylvania.
Upon this question, requiring a two-thirds
vote, I am also paired with Mr. Kellogg, of
Connecticut. If those gentlemen were here
they would vote in the affirmative, and I would
vote in the negative.
Mr. NIBLACK. For to-day I am paired
with Mr. McClelland, of Pennsylvania. I
would otherwise vote against this measure in
all its forms, and he would vote for it.
Mr. BRAXTON. On this bill I am paired with
Mr. Shoemaker, of Pennsylvania, who would
vote "ay," if here, and I would vote ''no."
Mr. SHOBER. My colleague, Mr. Wad-
dell, is paired with Mr. Davis, of West Vir-
ginia. Both aro absent If my colleague
were here he would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. CARROLL. I desire to state that I am
paired upon all questions relating to this bill
with my colleague, Mr. Williams, of New
York. If he were here he would vote "ay,"
and I would vote "no."
Mr. BUCKLEY. I desire to state that
upop this question 1 am paired with Mr. Ham-
bleton, ot Maryland. If he were here he
would vote "no," aud I would vote "ay."
Mr. IilCE, of Illinois. On this question I
am paired with Mr. Bingham. If present he
would vote "ay," and I would vote "no."
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Iam paired
with Mr. Ketcham, who would vote "ay" if
present, and I would vote "no."
Mr. COX. I am paired with Mr. Killin-
ger, who would vote "ay" if present, and I
would vote "no." I ought to have paired
with two persons, and lose half a vote by not
having done so. [Laughter.]
Mr. RITCHIE. I am sorry to say that I
am in the same predicament. I have paired
with but one person, Mr. Townsexd, of Penn-
sylvania, who, if present, would vote for this
bill and I would vote against it.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to state that Mr. |
Wilson, of Indiana, my colleague, is paired I
with Mr, Goodrich, of New York. Mr. Wil- ;
son, if present, would vote "no," and Mr.
Goodrich would vote "ay."
Mr. WILLARD. On this question I am
paired with Mr. Ames and Mr. Hoar, of Massa-
chusetts. If they were here I understand that
they would vote "ay," and I would vote "no."
Mr. SPRAGUE. On this question I am
paired with Mr. Packer, who, if present, would
vote "ay," and I would vote "no."
®r. HANCOCK. On this question I am
paired with Mr. Sloss ; if present he would
vote " ay" and I would vote "no."
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
- message prom the president.
A message in writing, from the President
the United States, was communicated to the
House by Mr. Horace Porter, his Private
Secretary, who also informed the House that
the President had approved and signed bills
of the House of the following titles :
An act (H. R. No. 284) to pay William P.
Preston a sum therein named ;
An act (H. R. No, 635) to change the names
of the yacht Lois to that of Sea-Witch ;
and to change the name of the yacht William
M. Tweed to that of Julia; and
An act (H. R. No. 895) granting a pension
to Hannah Pray.
message prom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of their clerks, was communicated
to the House announcing that the Senate had
passed without amendment a bill of the
House of the following title:
A bill (H. R. No. 1664) to change the
location of the First National Bank of Seneca,
State of Illinois, to the city of Morris, Illinois.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed with amendments, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested,
bills and a joint resolution of the House of the
following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 1228) for the relief of
R. Nelson Gere;
A bill (H. R. No. 1537) to repeal existing
duties on tea and coffee; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 117) to au-
thorize the erection of a colossal statue to
the late Admiral Farragut.
james t. johnston.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the House of Mepresentativea:
I return herewith, for the further consideration of
Congress, House bill No. 1867, an act for the relief
of James T. Johnston, without my approval, for
the reason that the records of the Treasury Depart-
ment show that the lot sold in the name of J. T.
Johnston, situated on Prince street, Alexandria,
Virginia, for ta,xes duo the United States, is num-
bered lb2 instead of 163, as represented in this bill.
With the exception of this discrepancy in the num-
ber of the lot, there is no reason why the billshould
not receive my approval.
U. S. GRANT.
Executive Mansion, April 1,1872.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
this message will be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, with leave to report back at
any time.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
imprisonment op dr. j. e. howard.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting, in answer to a resolution
of the House of the 19th ultimo, a report from
the Secretary of State, with accompanying
papers, relative to the imprisonment of Dr. J.
E. Howard by the Cuban authorities.
Mr. RANDALL. I move the reference of
these papers to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and I give notice that, if the facts
tYsclosed by these papers should justify it, I
shall introduce a resolution demanding that
the Government of the United States shall
protect this American citizen in his rights aud
secure his liberty.
