232
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Protection of American Industry—Mr. DueU.
42d Cong....2d Sess,
manufacturers of salt; they have invested their
capital in the enterprise; the business gives
employment to five thousand laborers, all of
whom receive fair prices for their labor, and
although I have no interest whatever in the
manufacture of salt, I cannot but feel a deep
interest in the question. In behalf, therefore,
of this great body of meritorious citizens, I
ask for such continued protection of salt as
will secure them steady employment and
remunerative wages.
"That I may give the House a comprehensive
view of this important interest, so far as the
Onondaga salt springs and the salt producers
at that point are concerned, I will read from
a speech of mine delivered in the House on
the 2d of March last:
"The salt-works lie in a crescent of about six
miles, in the salt marshes bordering the southeast-
ern end of the Onondaga lake, and cover nearly
one thousand acres. The State reservations occupy
about seven hundred and fifty acres, and private
individuals own about two hundred acres; the re-
mainder is waste land. The State of New York,
through the superintendent of the salt springs and
his deputies, sinks the wells, pumps the water, and
distributes it among the manufacturers, inspects
the salt, weighs and brands the packages into which
the salt is packed, and collects the State duties.
"There are no less than forty-four thousand vats
for making coarse salt by evaporation by the heat
of the sun, each vat being sixteen by eighteen feet.
There are three hundred and sixteen fine saltblocks,
where salt is artificially made by boiling; there are
also four large mills where table and dairy salt is
manufactured. The vats and blocks are valued at
$4,700,000. The State wells and pump-houses are
valued at $200,000, and there is an actual cash cap-
ital employed in conducting the works of $1,450,000,
making in the aggregate $6,200,000 invested in these
salt-works." " The salt-works
give employment to five thousand men; they pay
annually over eighty-six thousand dollars in royal-
ties to the treasury of the Stateof New York,$80,000
for canal-tolls, and $350,000 for freight on lake, river,
and can.tl. All enormous trade is carried on in the
articles necessary lor packing the salt, as well as in
coal and lumbei.
"In the year 1870 there were used 200,000 tons of
coal, 23,000,000 barrel staves, 7,0^0,000 barrel-bead
pieces, 12,OUO,UOO barrel hoops, 20U.OOO yards of bag-
cloth, 2.CWU kegs of packing nails, and 3,000,000 feet of
lumber tor repairs to vats, sheds, reservoirs, aud
buildings. Nearly nine million bushels of salt are
made every year, and even this amount might be
largely increased, as the, wells have a capacity for
produeing annually 14,000,000 bushels,"
DUTY ON SALT.
The present duty upon salt is as follows : on
salt m bulk, and ou all rock salt or miueral
salt, e'ghieen cents per one huudred pounds ;
on sait in sacks twenty-lour cents per one
hundred pounds. The duty of eighteen cents
peroue hundred pounds is equivalent to iilty
cents and four mills on the quantity known
in commerce as a barrel of salt containing two
hundred and eighty pounds, being five statute
bushels ot fifty-six pounds each. On salt in
sacks it is twenty-four cents per one hundred
pounds, but the additional six cents is the
du'y on the sack and not ou the salt, there
being no other duty on a sack confining Silt.
1 read from an affidavit made by Samuel R.
St. John, a highly respectable merchant of
New York city, sworn to on the 6ih of Feb-
ruary, 1872, and presented to the Committee
of VVays and Means, for the purpose of show-
ing the ad valorem duty at foreign valuation of
ti.e better kinds of foreign salt:
" I further state that the present duty on foreign
salt, ot eiguteen cents per one hundred pounds is
equivalent only to an ad valorem duty on the better
kinds ol lorcign salt, as lollows: on Ashton salt,
foreign valuation about thirty-3even percent., valu-
ation or cost to the imp rter m New York, about
thirty per cent.; on Marshall's and other flue sack
salt, loreign valuation about fifty-two per cent.,
valuation or eo-a in Now York about thirty-nine
p>r cent. Of these Kinds of salt the annual import-
ation is from two minion live hundred thousand to
three million bushels, nearly ouc quarter ol the
total imports of foreign salt into the United States."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I submit to the House
that the duty upon salt cannot be considered
a  above the revenue standard, and will bear
comparsion with the duties imposed upon
other imported goods. To illustrate this, I
invite attention to the following statement
showing the rates of duty under the present
tariff upon other articles :
On woolen cloths and shawls, 30 cents per pound
and 35 per cent., equal to 65 to 70 per cent, ad
valorem.
"On clothing, balmoral skirts, and skirtings, 50
cents per pound and 40 per cent., equal to 70 to 75 per
cent, ad valorem.
" On webbings, bindings, braids, fringes, gimps,
&c., 50 cents per pound and 50 per cent., equal to <5
to 85 per cent, ad valorem
"On carpets, Saxony. Wilton, Tournay, velvet,
70 cents per square yard and 35 per cent., equal tp
100 to 120 per cent, ad valorem.
"On carpets, Brussels, &c., 44 cents per square
yard and 35 per cent., equal to 80 to 100 per cent, ad
valorem.
" On ginghams and other light goods, cottonades
and pantaloon stuffs, not over 100 threads, 6* cents
per square yard and 10 per cent., equal to 95 per
cent, ad valorem.
" On ginghams, not over 200 threads, 6i cents per
square yard and 15 per cent., equal to 85 per cent.
ad valorem.
"On ginghams, over 200 threads, 7i_ cents per
square yard, and 15 per oent., equal to 75 per cent.
ad valorem.
" On trace-chains, per pound, 2i cents, equal to 80
per cent, ad valorem.
" On iron squares, 6 cents per pound, and 30 per
cent., equal to from 90 to 120 per cent, ad valorem.
"On hollow-ware, Si cents per pound, equal to
from 100 to 200 per cent, ad valorem.
" On sheet-iron, 3 cents per pwind, equal to from
125 to 140 per cent, ad valorem.
"On iron-ware, 2 cents per pound and 15 per
cent., equal to from 65 to 75 per cent, ad valorem."
The salt manufacturers of the United States
have been denounced over and over again as
greedy monopolists, and the import duty on
salt as a crime against civilization. The im-
porters of foreign salt have been unscrupulous
in both their assertions and their figures, and
have succeeded in creating an intense preju-
dice in the public mind against the domestic
producers of the article.
I propose, Mr. Speaker, to briefly refer to
some of the charges thus made, and to show
their falsity. It is said that the salt manufuc
turers of the United States are a parcel of grasp-
ing monopoli-ts. Nothing is more repulsive to
the American mind than the idea of monop'y.
But. is sait manufacturing a monopoly ? Salt in
some form, either as saline waters or crude
mineral, is found iu every one of our States and
Territodes, and never has been sought in
vain in any of these localities. Throughout
the interior various springs, lakes, and pools
hold it in copious solution. Indeed, the sup
ply seems to be universal and inexhaustible,
not only in the United States, but in all parts
of the known world. Our salt manufacturers
do not engross and control these stupendous
resources, nor is it in the nature of things that
they should be able to do so. No law, either
State or national, prohibits anybody from in
vesting his capital or his labor in the making
of salt. Senator Chandler, of Michigan,
stated in the Senate a lew days ago that the
best salt lands at Saginaw, Michigan, could
be purchased at five dollars per acre! The
business, therefore, is open to the freest pos
sible competition among our own citizens.
Those already in this field of industrial enter
prii-e have no advantage over their fellow-
countrymen, except that of prior organization,
skill, experience, and established patronage.
This advantage, however, is nothing more
than belongs to every other pursuit.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is a sharp competi-
tion among the domestic producers of salt, as
the facts will prove. The salt produced in the
United States annually is about 20,000,000
bushels. Of this ihe Onondaga Salt Company
supplies 8,500,000busbels; Michigan supplies
4 000,000; Oho and West Virginia supply
6,000,000 bushels ; and the balance of 1.500-
000 bushels is supplied by small works in other
parts of the country. Tnis shows a competi-
tion among the domestic producers. But in
addition to all this we have a sharp foreign
competition. More than one third of the salt
consumed in the United S ates is supplied by
foreign companies notwithstanding the preseut
tariff. The annual consumption of salt in the
United States is 32,000,000 bushels, and of
this amount 12,000,000 bushels are supplied
by importation. I assert, then, without fear
of contradiction, that the present tariff has
secured no monopoly to the American pro-
ducers of salt.
It is said, Mr. Speaker, that the present
duty on salt is odious and very burdensome to
the people. Let us see what this enormous
burden is. The average annual consumption
of salt in the United States is about forty-four
pounds to each person per capita. This in-
cludes all the salt used, whether for household
purposes or manufacturing. The average price
of a banrel of salt in the different markets of
the United States is two dollars, and as a bar-
rel of salt contains two hundred and eighty
pounds, it follows that the cost of salt to each
person yearly is thirty-one cents and four mills.
Now, conceding that the consumer pays the
duty upon salt, let us see what this burden-
some tax is. The amount of revenue derived
by the United States for the year 1870 upon
foreign salt was $1,250,000 in round numbers.
The population of the United States being
about forty million, it follows that the tax
imposed upon the consumers of salt by reason
of the tariff on that article, according to the
free-trade theorists, is three cents and one mill
to each person annually ! What an oppress-
ive burden to carry, to be sure I This, too,
is the " crime against civilization" we hear so
much about. This is the "odious" "infam-
ous," and "pernicious" tax which keeps
the people from consuming as much salt as
they would do if salt were admitted free of
duty. Such is the mole-hill which interested
motives can magnify into a mountain. The
opponents of protec ion really care nothing
about tbe salt duty, because it. is the duiy on
salt, but because its repeal embodies an end
to be gained, a legislative admission and
indorsement of the idea that it is wrong to
protect home indus'ry by national law.
It is charged against the manufacturers of
salt at Syracuse that they are making enorm-
ous profits. A circular issued by the Free-
Trade League alleges that the tariff annually
puts $10,000,000 into the pockets of Ameri-
can salt producers. But the truth is they sell
annually only twenty million bushels, or four
million barrels, at a price not exceeding two
dollars a barrel, making their gross receipts
only $8,000,000; that is $2,000,000 less than
the Free-Trade League tells us are the annual
profits of the salt monopolists of the United
States.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is hardly necessary for
me to consume the time of the House by ex-
posing the falsehoods resorted to by the enemies
of protection in relation to the duties on salt.
The real question to be decided by this House
is, whether salt, like other industiial interests
of the United States, shall continue to receive
tbe fostering aid of Government. It is esti-
mated by competent authority that, the amount
of fixed capital invested in the manufacture of
salt in the United States is, in round numbers,
$15 000 000. It is a peculiarity of this prop-
erty that it depreciates rap'dly from use, and
even more when lying idle. To be kept in'
good operative order ir, requires a system of
constant, partial renewal. A few years of com-
pulsory disuse would destroy the largest part
of its value. Yet the enemies of protection
propose by the repeal of the duty on salt to
put in jeopardy the whole of this investment,
much of which its owners have made upon the
invitation and encouragement contained in the
tariff legisla'ion of 1861 atid since.
If it be said that, the producers of American
salt can stand a con^i lerable reduction of the
duty upon that article, and yet continue the
business, I reply that ihose who entertain that
belief are laboring under a delusion. I here
