1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2973
priated the money to pay for just thatone class
of claims, and no other.
The clause in the act of 1808, to which the
Senator from Illinois alludes and reads, that
the appropriation shall be in full discharge of
all claims upon the vessels, &e., was an amend-
ment offered in the Senate. I think the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs ahno?t unanimously
opposed the amendment, at first until it was
modified or amended by the addition of the
words, "as per their report under the act of
March 2, 1867." Then, for one, I concluded
that that would bar only that one class of
claims.
Now, I put this question to the Senator from
Illinois : suppose there had been due on these
vessels say $100,000 of the contract price that
had never been paid at all, or that there had
been due to Secor & Co. or these other parties
$100,000 for repairs on those vessels after
they had been accepted by (he Department
and had gone into the service, would that re-
striction have excluded claims of that charac-
ter? I believe not, and no more .justly would
they exclude claims for extra work ordered by
the Department which had not been paid for.
Mr/TRUMBULL. _If the Senator will
allow me to interrupt him, does he not know
that all these matters have been passed upon
by the former Secretary, and that the Sec-
retary has already testified that he considered
them closed ; and does not the Senator him-
self know that he has stated on oath, I believe
before the Committee r.f Investigation, that in
his opinion this barred them, and that he ad-
vised Secor & Co. to Uke the money and told
them tbey were barred ?
Air. CRAti-IN. Exactly the contrary. I
testified on oath that I advised Secor & Co.
to take the money and that it did not bar
them on any ether claim except this one.
That was my testimony. I advised Secor &
Co., and i advised the others, io fake the
money wirfain a few weeks after the passage
ot the act of 1868; and I will tell fh« Sen- ,
ator further that. [ know Senator Grimes, the
chairman of the committee at thai time, gave !
the same advice. :
The Sen ator asks me if [ do not know that '
the former Secretary, Mr. Welles, parsed upon ;
these claims and that he considered them
closed, i know he said he considered them
closed: but L know that he never passed upon
the claims involved in this §93,000. They
never were presented to the Navy Department 1
at that time.
Mr. TiiL'MBfJLL. If the Senator will allow
me, how can be know that.? They were six ■
years old. These vesseta were completed in '
1864. How can the Seratcr come in here
and say that these claims were never presented >
when my information is that they were pre- i
sen ted ?
Mr. CRAGIN. I will say that I believe
they were never presented, and I have reason j
to believe it from the testimony of men whom I
1 would believe as quickly as I would believe 1
the Senator from Illinois. :
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very strange that i
they should not present their claims in fix 1
years.
_ Mr, CRAGIN. They were presented par-
tiallyto the Gregory boaid in New York sitting i
there during the war ; but there was such haste. 1
such a demand made upon these men to com-
plete their wo.-k, that thf-y could not press ;
t^ra' Does the Senator troia Illinois know !
that these Secors employed at, one time four- il
teen hundred men, and for eighteen days their j
men never had their clothes off, that they |l
worked night and day under the influence of :
etegrams irom the Navy Department and let- '
from the Secretary urging thera to the !
a most exeihon ? I tell the Senator there are  
no men iu tilis country more deserving of Hie '
commendation of the loyal and patiioiic men !
the country than these same Secors. They I
were patriotic and loyal men. They devoted 1
their energies and their capital to this work
until they had put in their own money to the
amount of seven or eight hundred thousand
dollars more than they received of the Gov-
ernment; and to-day I honestly believe they
are half a million dollars poorer for having
undertaken this work for the Government.
They did it from patriotic motives, probably
hoping to make something at the same time;
but still they pressed their work with a zeal, a
determination, and an energy that few other
contractors did, and a!) that they did was done
by instructions from the Department. They
are just as much entitled to this $93,000, in my
judgment, as a man would be with whom I had ;
contracted to build a house for me at a speci- '
fied sum, and then afterward directed him to j
build an L to that house and afterward refused j
to pay him for that L, having paid him for the
main house under the original contract. That j
is precisely their case. The claim which was '
allowed them of $93,000 is for extra work, I
extra _ materials put upon those vessels by !
direction of the Navy Department or its offi- I
cers, for which they never had received one I
'! single cent. [
I! This act of 1868 on any fair construction, i
;i although I say again I do not profess to be as !
;j good a lawyer as the Senator irom Illinois, in !
my judgment, only bars that class of claims i
i| and not the class of claims passed upon by i
;i that beard, and the class of claims involved j
:! in this act of 1867. Whether the board j
gave the rudit construction to that act or I
: not, is immaterial here. If thev construed 1
,j it so as to limit their power down to a single •'
| cla^s of cLiims, certainly neither the Secors ,
! nor any other contractors should be damaged >
I by their wrong construction of that act. But •
.1 the truth is, and no man can deny it, that that
j board only construed that sing'e cUss of claims, !
j ami the act of 1808 was designed to be for that
| single class of claims, and no more.
I The Senator from Illinois brings in here a
i report made by the Naval Committee in 1868
! or 1869, [ for et which 
:j Mr. TRUMBULL. Eighteen hundred and
seventy.
|j Mr. CRAGIN. In which the statement
!! appears that all claims are barred, and he
i flourishes it here, and with great animation he
; looks at me as if that were a complete annihi-
i lation. Now, sir, if I understand the practice
! of the Senate, it is not. in order to go into the
'' history of what takes place iu committee rooms.
>, If it was, I could set the Senator and the Sen-
ate entirely right upon that question. It is
enough for me to say that I did not agree to j
that part of the leport. I was in favor of pass- ;
ing the bill, and paying those men what that i
bill allowed them, honestly believing that it j
was not one half, not a quarter of what was !
justly due him. As appears by the report that |
the Senator has read from, it was presented by i
the then Senator from Missouri. Itispresum- |
able it was written by him. There are other j
members of the committee present who were j
present at that time. They know the discussion j
that took place. The}' know that the report I
after it was first writteu was recommitted, that i
the writer took the report back, anil that in i
a!i probability ii was uotagain suDrnitted to the ;
committee, I uo not remember whether that !
was so or not, The Senator smiles. I venture j
the assertion that the Judiciary Committee j
has made a hundred reports to this Senate |
for whicn a majority only voted, tne Senator ;
! voting against them, and he not caring particu- j
| larlv about the matter, or not enough about it
I to enter any pro.est, let them go. That was
j my case in this particular instance. I let the
report, go. The object I had in view was to |
secure the passage of the bill. j
I have ulreudy staled that I advised the j
Seeors in 1868 to take their money, that I did i
".ot believe it would bar any of their other !
claims. 1 have stated that I testified to that ;
effect before a committee of the House ; and 1
it is not probable after having taken that
position in 1808 that I should abandon it in
1870 when this report was made.
I freely admit, that in my judgment lawyers
might well differ upon the construction of this
law of 1808. But the intention of the com-
mittee in reporting the bill was simply to pay the
claims passed upon by that board. Upon that
there is no doubt, and that only involved this
one class of claims to which I have referred.
Mr. MORTON. I will ask the Senator this
question with his permission: whether these
claims for construction on account of which
$93,000 was paid could have been brought
| before the board convened under the act of
! 1807?
i Mr. CRAGIN. It was my opinion, reading
I this law, that they could have been brought
before the board, but they were not brought
before the board because the board construed
the law otherwise and would not hear any
claims of that kind.
Mr. MORTON. Was it the decision of the
board that they could only hear claims of a
particular character for detention?
Mr. CRAGIN. Ifc was, and I have here the
report of that board.
Mr. CONKLlNGf. And it was well war-
ranted by the statute.
Mr. CRAGIN. I have here the report of
that board made at that time. They do not
give any particular reasons for their report,
; and 1 can say privately or publicly, just as
: may be, that they were induced not to do so
! by a certain partv in the Navy Department.
! Mr. CONKLINCt. In the then Navy De-
j part merit?
j Mr. CRAGIN. Yes, sir.
j Mr. CONKL1NG. What is the date of that
j report?
i Mr. CRAGIN. Ifc is dated November 26,
: 1807.
I Sir; We have the honor to report that in obe-
; dlenee . o your order of July 6. 1867, we hove oare-
! fully scrutinized eac-h of the claims presented under
' the act ot Congress approved March 2, 1867, 'to
i investigate the claims of certain contractors for
building vessels ot war and steam machinery/and
respectlsilly beg leave to inclose herewith the tab-
ular statement called for by s nd act ot Congress.
What follows will throw some light upon the
basis on which they acted :
Messrs. Harlan & Hollingsworth, of Wilmington,
Delawai o, did not present a statement ot their claim
ior delays occasioned by the (rovernnaent while con-
structing the harbor and river monitor Sau^us and
light-draught monitor Xapa; but m a letter to you,
under duiwot October 12. they claim to be entitled
to the s.ime sum for the S.iugu^ chat the board may
award to the Teeuai«ch, and also to the same sum in
oa*e ot the Xapa tiiat may o« awaided to Hie Casoo.
After elimination, the board finds that Messrs.
Karl an & IloIUngsworth are entitled for tho Saugus
to the same juiu that was awarded to Mr. Harrison
Loring iu case of the Canonicus, namely, $38,513,
butjlo not find anyttnns: duo in case of the Xapa.
We have the honor, sir, to be, very respectfully,
your obedient servants,
J.B MARCHAXD,
Commodore and President.
J. W, IlCl-NOr,
Chief Engineer and ^fember.
EDWARD FOSTER.
Pay.twsier and Jle.ubcr.
lion. GideuN Wklles, Secretary of the Sacry.
Upon that point 1 wish to be most emphatic,
and understood that this board construed this
law in that way. My impression at the time
was thai they made a mistake, a-id I think it
was the impression of the Naval Committee
generally that they made a mistake ia con-
fining tbeir examinations and investigations to
such narrow limits, to this one class of claims
only; but they so construed the law, and acted
under it. It was understood so when they
made this report.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator will allow
me I desire to explain why L asked that ques-
tion. The only thing that seemed to be some-
what obscure in regard to this matter to me
was why, when the claim was presented lor the
loss on account of detention and delay, they
dtd not also present their claim for coustruc*
lion. If the board created by the Navy De-
partment decided that they could only hear
