1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1181
The Senator has talked much about it; but I
will only state what I had occasion to say the
other day, that when a discussion arose here,
in reply to the Senator from. Wisconsin, [Mr.
Carpenter,] the Senator from Illinois did em-
phatically repudiate the leading feature of the
civil service reform inaugurated by the Pres-
ident, repudiated the system of competitive
examinations, said he cared nothing about
that. He has said so to-day in substance.
To-day he has said that what he wants is a
change in the method of appointment, and
he said then that he wanted a law that would
make it a penal offense for a member of Con-
gress to recommend a man for office ; and the
Senator talks about the rest of us hanging on
to the skirts of power. I ask him how long
it is since he was hanging on to the skirts
of power?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Never.
Mr. MORTON. _ " Never ! " What does he
mean by "hanging on to the skirts of
power?" Hanging on to the Executive and
asking him to appoint one's friends. That is
what he means, and how long has it been since
he has ceased to do that? Not more than fif-
teen months, I am advised, and I saw a state-
ment which I am told was made up from papers
on file in the Departments, showiug that dur-
ing this Administration, and between the time
of Grant's inauguration and the time- when
this great change came over the Senator, he
had made one hundred and three recommend-
ations for office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, in the chair.) Does the
Senator from Indiana yield ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will
allow me, I will state to him that I have no
means of knowing exactly how many recom-
mendations 1 may have made for office ; but I
do not believe I have made a dozen in five
years, and I know it must be utterly untrue
that I made any such number as the Senator
states, and any such statement is not correct.
I do not believe there are under the Govern-
ment of the United States five persons in office
at my instance in five years.
Mr. MORTON. Well, Mr. President, I
shall make no issue of facts with the Senator ;
but I can only say, (and I am authorized to say
this because he has been making broad imputa-
tions on the motives of nearly everybody here,)
that I am advised by those in whose veracity
I have the utmost confidence, those wlio have
the means of knowing, that during this Ad-
ministration the Senator had made one hun-
dred and three recommendations in writing for
appointments, and I have heard it said, too,
that 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to see
some evidence of that. I should like to see
who it is that has recommended people to
office. 1 hope the Senator will offer a resolu-
tion and let us see the recommendations of
persons to office by Senators.
Mr. MORTON. If the Senator will offer
it, I will vote for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to see some evi-
dence of this assertion. I say the statement
is not true.
Mr. MORTON. Very well, I leave it just
there. I give it as I have gotten it. As I in-
timated before, I saw this afternoon a tab-
ulated statement giving the number of recom-
mendations made in each Department since
the 4th of March, 1869, by the Senator, num-
bering one hundred and three. 1 would not
have referred to this but for the fact that ray
motives and the motives of other friends of
the Administration on this floor are impeached,
that we have been substantially charged with
supporting the Administiation and the party
for the sake of the spoils of office.
Now, Mr. President, I come baekto the charge
of corruption. The Senator said distinctly that
1 had raised the cry of party upon this floor for
the purpose of preventing investigation.^That
is his distinct statement, and I meet it with the
general issue; I say it is not true, and the evi-
dence to sustain that statement cannot be
found in the Globe; it cannot be found in the
memory of men who have thronged these gal-
leries during this session of Congress. It can
be found nowhere because it is not true. I
have at all times voted for investigation, I am
prepared to do it, and I agree with him fully
that it is the part of every party to purify itself
and to purge itself. But because I did not
vote for the organization of his joint commit-
tee, he makes that the groundwork of this
charge, and the Senator is perpetually talking
about corruption. He rolls that word as a
sweet morsel under his tongue. He lives, and
breathes, and drinks, and eats, subsists upon
the idea of universal corruption. It pervades
his mind at all times. He read about the man
from Patrick Henry's oration, hoarsely bawl-
ing through the American camp "beef!"
"beef!" and %ve hear the Senator, I will not
say hoarsely bawling, but we hear him crying
at all times in this Chamber, "corruption,"
"corruption," "corruption." I have heard
it said—I will not make a personal application
of it—that those who suspect the motives of
everybody else have no respect for their own.
I do not believe in universal corruption. I
believe there is and there always has been
corruption in political parties in this country,
and until human nature becomes perfect there
will be, and I believe that that party is the
purest which has the least of it and does the
most to ferret it out and to punish it. I believe
there has been corruption in the New fork
custom-house for forty years, ever since that
custom-house in fact was created, and theie
will be as long as it is a place where there are
one hundred and fifty or two hundred millions
of revenue collected. It must be so until
human nature becomes perfect. But when
the Senator tries to make the impression that
it is worse now than at any former period, I
do not believe there is any foundation for that
statement. What there is there has been
brought out. That is the difference. Under
Democratic administrations it was not brought
out; under Mr. Johnson's administration it
was not brought out; but it is brought out
now, and I thmk I am authorized to say that
this Administration will punish and will lay
its hands heavily upon every man who is found
guilty of corruption. The Senator said that
he had seen it stated in the papers that the
President had directed the prosecution of
every man who had paid a bribe or who had
taken one, and he said he was sorry for it.
Why was he sorry for it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not say the Pres-
ident.
Mr. MORTON. I think what the Senator
said is about the same thing. I understood
him to say that he had read that men were to
be prosecuted who had testified falsely or who
had taken bribes, or who had given them. Am
I correct about that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think I stated
it in that way or said anything about their tes-
tifying falsely. I said 1 had seen a notice that
the witnesses who appeared before the com -
mittee were to be prosecuted in consequence
of the testimony that they gave.
Mr. MORTON. Prosecuted for what?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose for offering
to pay the employes.
Mr. MORTON. For giving bribes or for
taking them, I understood the Senator to say,
and then I heard him say that he was sorry that
this had been done. Why was he sorry?
When it is brought to the knowledge of the
President or of the Departments here, and
they order the prosecution of the parties who
are said to be guilty, why does the Senator
express his regret for it? 1 express my joy for
it, and if it is true as reported that the Presi-
dent has declared his purpose to have every
man prosecuted who has violated the law, I am
of it. I have no regrets to express as the
Senator has.
Ihen he said that the committee was not
sent there to ask the question whether the men
who paid money for political purposes were as
bad as those who demanded it. The Senator
made a covert attack upon that committee. I
say it has vindicated itself; it requires no
defense from me, and I shall make none for it.
But the Senator returns to the refusal of the
Senate to appoint the joint committee before
the holidays. I have already taken occasion
to give the reason why we did not do that, but
the Senator refers to it, and returns to it con-
tinually as an evidence that we refused to pros-
ecute, that we refused to investigate, when we
appointed a better and more efficient commit-
tee than any joint committee could be.
Mr. President, I took occasion during the
holidays, when Congress was not in session,
to^ investigate the history of the joint com-
mittees of the two Houses on retrenchment. -
I found there had been a joint committee for
six years, or about six years, called a Com-
mittee on Retrenchment. I found that during
that time that committee had made eight re-
ports to the House of Representatives, and
but eight, and that five out of the eight were
made under special instructions of the House,
and not under the authority conferred by the
general appointment of the committee. I
found that there had been five reports mads
to the Senate in the course of six years by
the joint select Committee on Retrenchment,
and that of those five two had been made under
special instructions, and three under the
general authority given to the committee.
A more inefficient committee, a committee
doing less was never appointed by Congress,
and that resulted necessarily from the fact that
it was a joint committee of the two Houses.
A better way " how not to do it" could not be
devised than by the appointment, of a joint
committee of the two Houses. It could only
act upon the authority of the two Houses—it
could only bring up a recusant witness by the
authority of the two Houses, a clumsy con-
trivance that could do but little. And mai k
you, because we did not choose to recog
nize under the circumstances this joint com-
mittee, it was forthwith sent over the country
that we were opposed to investigation!
I have but little more to say, Mr. President,
in reply to the Senator from Illinois. He has
made a prepared speech and I have replied
upon the moment. He says that I am devoted
to party. Mr. President, I am devoted to
party, not for the sake of party, but because
party is an indispensable instrument iu car-
rying out those principles that I believe to
be indispensable to the salvation of this Gov-
ernment. As I cherish the piinciples, I cher-
ish the instrument of their execution, and I
ask, when did the Senator become so indiffer-
ent to party? I ask if he has not been as strict
a partisan until within the last year or two as
any man upon this floor ? Has he not received
office at the hands of the Republican party ?
Has he not done all in his power to preserve
the organization of that party in his State?
Did ho not accept a nomination at the hands
of a caucus of an Illinois Legislature, once,
twice, thrice? And when he received the
caucus nomination did he not expect every
Republican member of that Legislature to vote
for him under the bonds of the party organ-
ization? And if they had not done so he would
not have been here to-day. Now he raises
his voice against party as if it were a crime.
If party was a good thing then, it is a good
thing now for the same reasons. What think
you of a man who receives office at the hands
of a party, who preserves party organization,
fights tor it himself, becomes a partisan, claims
the benefits of ail its usages and all its prac-
tices, and asks that every member of that
partv shall be honorably bound by its obliga-
tions, and then, when perhaps another and a
higher office is looming up before him at the
