1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
much they could outdo the crotchety lawyers
who created that system, of practice which
made a frivolous technicality more potent than
justice in the decision of a cause.
It is curious how this sacred document has
been made to assume forms and shapes to suit
the whims or interests of individuals and of
localities. When human rights were to be
stricken down, and slavery secured and ex-
panded, the Constitution contained ample pro-
visions to accomplish these ends. When the
Union pleaded for preservation, the enslaved
appealed for relief, and the whole people sought
enfranchisement and citizenship, this blessed
old document, which was ordained " to form
a more perfect union, establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for the common
defense, promote the general welfare, and se-
cure the blessings of liberty," suddenly became
shriveled and juiceless, and to the minds of
some was found to be wholly without a grant of
authority to aid or permit the attainment of
any of these benign results. So now, after
the nation has lived and prospered through
efforts to achieve these great works, and when
it is proposed to reclaim its valuable lands, in-
crease production, and enlarge and cheapen the
means of transportation and intercommunica-
tion, or whatever good is sought to be done by
the Government, there are men who find the
Constitution as barren of power as the heart
of Shylock was destitute of humanity.
The Government, however, of late years
has not been deterrjjd in its efforts to enlarge
the liberties or ameliorate the condition of the
people. It has improved rivers and harbors
and performed other acts for the encourage-
ment and safety of commerce, foreign and do-
mestic. It has chartered and subsidized rail-
road companies to open up new countries and
to encourage the settlement and cultivation of
the vacant lands. The principle that Congress
may charter companies is too well established
to be overturned. This may and ought to be
done whenever the object to be accomplished
will redound to the common welfare, and es-
pecially when it does not encroach upon the
prerogatives of the States. The bill has been
carefully drawn so as not to be objectionable
in this respect. It will be noticed that it fully
recognizes State authority and State laws in
all respects, and any connection of the States
with the project must be wholly voluntary.
I have at all times anticipated opposition to
this or any similar proposition, not only upon
constitutional grounds, but upon grounds of
economy. Happily the constitutional question
is not a new one. The power to expend the
public money for such a purpose was discussed
and definitely settled in the early period of our
history in parallel cases. President Madison
recommended that roads and canals be built
by Congress. And while he expressed no
doubt of his owb as to the authority to do this,
he suggested that if there were any who did
the difficulty might be obviated by an amend-
ment to the Constitution in the mannertherein
pointed out. President John Quincy Adams
recommended the same thing, but with more
liberality as to the subjects embraced, and
affirmed the constitutionality of such action in
an argument brief in words, but comprehensive
in scope and convincing in effect.
President Monroe, in an early annual mes-
sage, took grounds against the plan of internal
improvements recommended by his predeces-
sor, for the reason that in his opinion the Con-
stitution did not contain the requisite grant of
power. Subsequently, however, in a special
message to Congress devoted to this subject
alone, he elaborately discussed the question
of constitutional authority, in which he re-
viewed every part of that instrument from
which anybody had claimed the power was
derived. He belonged to the school of strict
constructionists, and must have adopted the
conclusions announced in that message with
great reluctance. The power to appropriate
money from the public Treasury for works of
internal improvement he found to exist in the
clause which says:
"The Congress shall have power to lay and col-
lect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the
debts and provide for the common defense and gen-
eral welfare."
Maintaining what seems so clear in these
i, that the latter part of the above quoted
clause grants the power to appropriate the
revenues for the purposes expressed. He
asserted the unlimited authority of Congress
to raise money in the four modes specified,
and that the authority to appropriate was
equally broad, provided its expenditure is
confined to the purposes designated. He laid
down the principle that in raising revenue
there was no restraint upon the Representative
except his responsibility to his constituents,
and in its appropriation the authority was
subject to the same limitation, and the addi-
tional one that the object for which the money
is given shall be national in its character.
President Jackson, in his message vetoing
the Maysville road bill, reaffirmed the doctrine
of Monroe as sound and as an established prin-
ciple in the administration of the Government.
He refused his signature to that bill only because
he deemed the project local and not national.
Such has been the practice of the Government
for the last half century without a single objec-
tion from high authority, except by President
Polk in vetoing a river and harbor bill during
his administration. He did not assume to
combat the doctrines of Monroe and Jackson.
Although his objections in part were based on
constitutional grounds, their precise nature has
ever been intangible to my mind, whatever
effect may have been wrought upon the minds
of others. At all events, his views have never
had an appreciable effect in shaping the policy
of the Government upon this subject.
The positions taken by Monroe and Jackson
are undoubtedly correct, except as to whom
belongs the right to decide upon the nation-
ality of the enterprise contemplated. The
Representative is responsible to his constitu-
ents for everything he does and for every view
he entertains upon public affairs, and upon
which he acts. It makes no difference whether
it be an international, constitutional, or eco-
nomic question. This responsibility consti-
tutes the reason why he should be invested
with the sole right to determine whether the
object for which the public money is appro-
priated is national. I am content that the
proposition to grant the aid contemplated by
the bill under consideration shall be decided
upon the principle annunciated.
It may be difficult in many cases to determ-
ine whether an appropriation is made for a
national object. Much depends upon the rule
that shall be adopted in such eases. Where
the beneficial effect will be universal and equal,
no doubt can be entertained. But such a case
can hardly arise, except in the payment of a
debt. It is then presumed that the whole
people are equally benefited. It is not by
such a rule, however, that this question should
be tested. Congress has a right to appropriate
money for the common defense and general
welfare. No one has ever questioned the power
to build a fort in Florida, yet none can see
how that act will contribute to the defense of
Oregon or Alaska. Congress builds light-
houses and harbors on the coast of Maine, yet
the people on the coast of California leceive
no direct advantage from it. The true theory
is, that as each section is an integral part of
the whole nation, a benefit conferred upon a
locality whose condition, physical and other-
wise, seem to demand aid, will operate to the
benefit of the whole.
The question is: will the appropriation
sought be compensated for in the advantages
which will result; is it needed, and are the peo-
ple to be directly benefited sufficiently num-
erous and the section of sufficient consequence
to be developed and preserved? If these ques-
tions may all be answered in the affirmative,
the character of nationality ought to attach to
the proposition. The language of the Con-
stitution is that Congress may provide for the
general, not the universal welfare. The im-
provement contemplated by this bill is of such
magnitude, and the influence of its accom-
plishment will be so wide-spread in promoting
the wealth and strength of the Republic, and in
its contributions toward-human happiness, that
I cheerfully leave the nationality of its char-
acter to be determined by a rule the most rigid
and illiberal. Let us first know the facts and
then come to a decision. Upon the facts
which I shall present I rest the ease, and feel
confident that ultimately the judgment of
Congress and the country will pronounce the
measure a proper national undertaking, and
of great economic importance.
The alluvial bottom lands sought to be pro-
tected against inundation by the construction
of levees contain about twenty million acres,
or nearly thirty thousand square miles ; an
area fourteen times as large as the kingdom of
Holland, four times as extensive as Massachu-
setts, and nearly equal to one half of all the
New England States. These lands are situ-
ated in the middle of the continent, and border
upon the greatest natural inland thoroughfare
in the world. They have drawn their fertility
for ages from one half the continent. Every
fertilizing agent from the decayed vegelation
of the valleys and the minerals of' the mount-
ains has found a lodgment here. They are
situated, too, in that part of the temperate
zone most adapted to valuable productions and
most celebrated for salubrity of climate.
The productiveness of these lands is under-
stood in a general way, but their real value is
only comprehended when we apply the test of
statistics. I regret that I have been unable
to attain more complete information. In the
year 1859, from 876,000 acres in Louisiana,
there were produced cotton, corn, sugar, and
rice of the value of $105,000,000, or about
one hundred and twenty dollars per acre.
There are in that State fully six million acres
liable to overflow, and it is safe to say that
four million may be cultivated, and that the
annual yield per acre will approximate ยง100.
These lands in that State alone ought to add
each year to the productions of the nation
$400,000,000. Fifteen million acres of the
lands to be protected by levees may be made
to grow crops, and at the rate of sixty dollars per
acre, which is a 'low estimate, their aggregate
value would be $900,000,000 per annum ; quite
sufficient to liquidate the entire public debt in
thteeyears, with the accruing interest thereon.
There is productive capacity enough to em-
ploy one and a half million agricultural labor-
ers and to furnish support for eight million
people.
Surely this great productiveness, and the
large population that may be sustained there-
by, ought to give the character of nationality
to an enterprise which will bring about such a
result. The useful character of the crops grown
upon these lands, and the circumstances which
will compel their cultivation almost solely
here, are important considerations. The up-
lands of the South are not generally of a very
fertile quality. Such as have been cultivated
for a considerable length of time have become
well-nigh exhausted. They are not as easily
resuscitated as lands in snow countries. Their
strength is wasted away by winter rains. They
are not adapted to the growth of valuable
grasses, manures are not as plentiful as in
countries where much feeding is done, and
when applied to the soil they do not contrib-
ute to productiveness for any great length of
time.
Hence, cotton-planters will of necessity be
driven to the richest alluvial localities; and
none exceed the richness of the lands on the
Mississippi and tributaries. Within the last
half century something above one hundred mil-
lion bales of cotton have been grown in the
United States. Their value cannot be less than
