§34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 15,
Senate.
Senator from North Carolina—Mr. Thurman.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Frequent changes of law render it impossible
for the people to be familiar with their re-
quirements or to respect them as unchange-
able rules of action, demanding their observ-
ance ; and more injurious than all are changes
of that class of laws which affect directly or
indirectly their pursuits and occupations. It
has been truly said that nothing is more detri-
mental to the interests of labor than to invite
it by legislation into a particular channel, and
then to prostrate it by abandoning it to a com-
petition which, owing to circumstances, it can-
not endure.
Senator from Jfortli Carolina.
SPEECH OF HON. A. G. THURMAN,
OF OIIIO,
Ik ihe Senate op the United States,
April 15, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the reso-
lution reported by the Committee on Privileges and
Elections relative to the claim of Joseph C. Abbott
to a seat in the Senate from the State of North Car-
olina—
Mr. THURMAN said:
Mr. Presidext: I entirely concur in the
statement of the Senator from Wisconsin in
his exordium, that the case before the Senate
presents a legal question for decision, and that
we are to consider it not as politicians, not as
partisans, but as judges. I also concur in the
statement of the character and duties of a
judge which he read from an ancient author-
ity, and I trust, as I believe, that every Sen-
ator in deciding this case will endeavor to
fulfill the requirements of that character. I
consider my duty in that light, and shall say
nothing that I would not deliver from the bench
of a court of justice.
General Abbott comes before the Senate
claiming a seat in this body. He presents no
such muniment of title as the law requires.
He shows no record of a majority of the
Legislature of North Carolina voting for him.
He claims his seat upon the votes ot less than
a third of the Legislature of his State, and in
violation of the plain and best recognized
principle of republican government. Surely,
when a claimant thus presents himself, with-
out certificate of title, without the votes of a
majority of his Legislature, and asks a beat
here by overriding the fundamental idea of a
republican government, he is bound to make
a clear and conclusive case in his behalf. If
he only raises doubts in the minds of Senators,
his claim cannot prevail. Every doubt is to
be resolved against a man making such a
claim, and it is not until he has removed
every reasonable doubt, and shown that his
claim rests upon an impregnable foundation,
that he can ask the Senate to admit him.
Now, upon what foundation does his claim
rest ? Solely and entirely upon wliat is said
to be the law of England. It has no other
foundation whatsoever. Neither in the brief
that he has laid upon our tables, nor in the
able and learned speech of the Senator from
Wisconsin, is there any other foundation sug-
gested than the law of England. If, there-
fore, I shall be able to satisfy the Senate that
that law has no application to this case, and
that the argument of the Senator from Wis-
consin leaves out of the case the most essen-
tial elements that are necessary to its decision,
the claim must fall. If, I repeat, the law of
England is no precedent for the decision of
this case, then the claimant has no shadow of
foundation upon which to rest his claim. That
is what 1 now propose to show as well as I
may be able to do it. I know it can be done,
and I know that if I fail to do it to-day, it will
not be because the thing is not capable of dem-
onstraton, but because I am too feeble to
make the demonstration.
Mr. President, before I proceed to consider
the question critically, some preliminary prin-
ciples are necessary to be stated which should
be borne in mind by the Senate throughout the
whole of this investigation. In the first place,
it is necessary that the Senate should take
notice of the difference between "authority,"
as lawyers call it, and mere "precedent,"
because this case is rested by General Abbott
upon what are called authorities or precedents;
that is, judicial and parliamentary decisions
in England. The first question, therefore,
to consider is, are these English decisions
authorities or precedents for our decision? In
the first place, it maybe said at once they are
not authorities. In legal language, what is
an authority? An authority is a decision of a
superior court cited in a court inferior to it,
and which the inferior court is bound to obey,
because if it renders a different decision its
superior may reverse its judgment.
Therefore, no case is authority in any court
unless it is pronounced by a court that has
power to reverse the decision of the court in
which it is cited. For instance, a decision of
the Supreme Court of the United States is
authority in every inferior court of the United
States, because the Supreme Court can reverse
the decisions of those inferior courts; but a
decision of the Supreme Court itself, unless it
be upon a question affecting the Constitution
or laws of the United States, is no authority in
a State court; it is simply a precedent, be-
cause the Supreme Court cannot reverse the
decision of any State court unless the decis-
ion relates to the construction or interpreta-
tion of the Constitution or the laws of the Fed-
eral Government. Therefore, the rule is uni-
versal that nothing is authority in any court ex-
cept the decision of a court that can reverse the
decision of the court in which the case is cited.
But decisions that are not authority may be
precedents. The decision of a court in Mas-
sachusetts is a precedent in Ohio; of an Ohio
court, a precedent in Massachusetts; of an
American court, a precedent in England; of
an English court, a precedent here. They may
be so; but whenever a case is cited which is
merely a precedent, then the court or tribunal
before which it is cited, not being bound by it,
is, in tha first place, to inquire whether the
decision lays down the law correctly, whether
it is reasonable, and whether it is suited to the
circumstances of the forum in which it is cited.
If it is wanting in reason, if it is unsuited to
the country in which it is cited, it has no
weight at all even as a precedent.
Now, Sir. President, these English cases are
neither authorities nor precedents in this case.
In the first place, I may say that no judicial
decision of any court, English or American,
not even the Supreme Court of the United
States, would be authority upon this case in
the Senate ; and that for the reason I have
given, that no court whatever can reverse the
decision you may make. No court has any
such jurisdiction. The sole power to determine
upon the election return and qualification of a
Senator is vested in the Senate, and its de-
cision is supreme over all other tribunals ; it
is a law unto itself, and it is not bound by
any decision wherever or by whomsoever pro-
nounced.
But these English decisions are not even
precedents in this case. To be either authority
or precedent three things must concur:
First. The case cited as authority or prece-
dent and that under consideration must belong
to the same class of cases, or at least to cases
in respect to which the same law prevails.
Second. The material facts of the two cases
must be the same.
Third. The Constitution or statute law bear-
ing upon the cases must be the same.
If either one of these elements of conform-
ity is wanting the case is neither authority or
precedent, because it is a case decided upon
a different foundation, upon different elements
that enter into the problem, and not upon t.he
elements upon which the case in hand is to be
decided. That is so even in re-.peei to the com-
mon law. Hence, I might read cises illus-
trating this fact from almost every English or
American book of reports. I take one with
which I am more familiar perhaps than any
other, and I read upon this subject what the
supreme court of Ohio, in a case of great
interest and importance, said:
" But were it otherwise, were such a contract void
by the common law ot England, it would not neces-
sarily follow that it is void in Ohio. The 13nsli=li
common law, so far a? it is reasonable in itself, suit-
able to the condition and business of our peorile, and
consistent with the letter an<l spirit of our Federal
and State Constitutions andstatutes, has been,and is,
followed by our courts, and may he said to constitute
a part of the common law of Ohio. But wherever
it has been found wanting in either of these re-
quisites, our courts have not hesitated to modify it
to suit our circumstances, or, if necessary, to wholly
depart from it."—2 Ohio State Reports, 390.
It is not sufficient here that a question has
been decided by the courts of England, that
it is the settled common law of England.
When it is cited in an American court, the
court is to inquire, first, is it reasonable, for
the American court muss decide for itself.
Next, it must inquire, is it suited to the con-
dition and business of our people? Then it
must inquire, is it consistent with the letter
and spirit of our Federal and State Constitu-
tions and statutes? And it is not until all
these questions are answered in the affirma-
tive that that English decision is even a pre-
cedent in an American court, much less in
the American Senate.
Now, sir, I shall undertake to show that
each one of these considerations is fatal to
the use of these English cases iu the matter
now before the Senate ; but first I have some
other preliminary remarks to make. We must
always bear in mind, in considering this case,
another well-settled principle, and that is that
all penal or disqualifying laws, or even con-
tracts creating forfeitures, are to be construed
strictly. They are never to be extended
beyond their letter by implication, construc-
tion, or argument. I defy any man to show
me a case in which t penal statute, a dis-
franchising statute, or a statute creating a for-
feiture, has been extended beyond it-* letter
by any respectable court. The courts have
uniformly said if the Legislature intended a
case which they have not expressed, they, the
Legislature, must apply the remedy: but we
will create no forfeiture, we will enforce no
disfranchisement, we will inflict no penalty
that is not warranted, not merely by the spirit,
but by the very letter of the law. You never
can extend a disfranchising statute beyond its
letter, however much you may believe that
something broader was intended by those who
enacted it; and what is true of a statute is
true of a constitution.
Rut, Mr. President, this rule applies with
peculiar force to the case of an election, in
which to hold the person receiving the major-
ity of the votes ineligible is not merely to
disfranchise him, but also to deprive his
constituents of their choice; and the case
is aggravated tenfold when, in addition to
disfranchising him and depriving his constit-
uents of their choice, it is attempted to
thrust upon them a man whom they do not
want. In such a case as this, of all others, the
disfranchising, disabling, or disqualifying pro-
vision, either in the Constitution or the laws,
is to be construed strictly and to bo construed
in favor of the right, and against ihe disfran-
chisement wherever it can be done, llencc,
it follows that a case of penalty, disfranchise-
ment, or forfeiture is no precedent for the
decision of another case unless the two oases
stand cm all-fours, as the lawyers say. That
is the ru'le. Before you can ask me to dis-
