286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
five thousand million dollars. Nearly ninety
million bales have been produced in the last
thirty years, and for four years of that time
there was almost a hiatus in its cultivation.
As I do not believe in any monarchical insti-
tution, I do not think "cotton is king;" but I
do regard it as a very useful servant—one,
indeed, which is almost indispensable. We
have suffered much from adverse balances of
trade, which have been paid off with the coin
and bullion of the country. Deduct from our
exportations the single item of cotton for
twenty years last past, and see how the bal
ances against us will foot up.
Take this item out and the nation would be
compelled to go into bankruptcy, or turn half
our population into quarrying and crushing
quartz rock to obtain the means to meet our
liabilities. At times many of our people have
gone wild on the subject of gold mining, and
our wealth in precious metals has been pa-
raded and extolled, as if no financial mishap
could betake us so long as we possessed this
resource; yet in the last twenty years cotton
alone has enriched us more than four times as
much as the gold and silver mines, in its con-
tributions to commerce and in meeting the
demand for foreign exchange, and immeasur-
ably more has it promoted the comforts of the
human family. These facts, so briefly stated,
are sufficient to justify the legislation which I
have proposed. But there are others equally
potent to influence our action.
Are you aware, sir, that for a considerable
period of the year the people east of the river
cannot hold communication with those on the
other side, unless inundation is prevented;
that for more than a thousand miles commerce
and the mail service are interrupted ; that the
river for much of that distance cannot be ap-
proached by railroads or wagon-roads; arid
that if the trans-Mississippi country is invaded
men and munitions cannot be sent to expel the
invaders, except undergreat disadvantages and
delay? Sueh are the facts, and is not the
avoidance of all these worthy of liberal na-
tional aid ?
The time has come when we must begin
to consider, not the propriety but the necessity
of a more thorough and systematic cultivation
of our agricultural lands. We have been intent
on colonizing, and in skimming over the sur-
face, until the duty to organize and institute
more thoroughness stares us in the face.
Some people may be astonished to hear that
there is comparatively little public land re-
maining which is desirable for agricultural
purposes. I make the assertion, and challenge
successful contradiction. Weshall need ''more
room" sooner than we anticipate, unless we
commence the reclamation and cultivation of
the good soils which have been left behind in
our race to find the western terminus. Already
the tide of emigration has been brought to a
halt by the waters of the Pacific, aud we shall
soon see it eddying backward and filling up the
country over which it has glided so hurriedly.
The policy of the Government is such that
it is deemed both benevolent and economical
to present the public lands to actual settlers.
The public lands are a? much the property of
the nation as the public moneys. I am un-
able to mark the distinction between giving
lands to the people aud in appropriating the
money to reclaim or create lands for them.
The protection of the alluvial bottom lands
against inundation is creating lands for the
people's occupation and cultivation.
Sir, my education and sentiments have ever
been adverse to sectional ideas and prejudices.
Justice and fair dealing, however, in a popular
form of government, demand that the blessings
of the Government should be dispensed with
due rcfeienco to the piinciple of equality to-
ward all i-eetious. Antciior to the war the
politicians and statesmen of the South unfor-
tunately applied their gieat capacities in con-
centrating popular sentiment upou utie idea,
which they deemed most essential to the wel-
fare of their section, and iu the use of the
power thus acquired they showed great strategic
abilities. The subject of material development
was neglected, while the politicians and states-
men of the North applied themselves with
creditable zeal to advance the material welfare
of their people by means of Government aid.
In this condition of things it is not surpris-
ing that the North outstripped the South in the
race for wealth. If, on examination, it is dis-
covered that the beneficence of the Govern-
ment has been more bountifully bestowed upon
one section than upon another it would be but
the expression of a kindly and fraternal senti-
ment to seek an opportunity upon a merito-
rious case to make that beneficence equal, so
far as it may be practicable to do so.
Appropriations for the improvement of riv-
ers and harbors began in 1824. Since that time
upward of thirty-two million dollars have been
given for these works. The South had more
sea-coast than all other parts of the country
before our territory was enlarged by the acqui-
sition of our Pacific possessions; and now, in
number and magnitude, her rivers exceed those
of all other sections. Her productions attracted
commerce to her shores, and her territory com-
prised full one half the Republic. Yet, from
the sum appropriated for the improvement of
rivers and harbors, the northern States obtained
more than twenty-seven million dollars, and
the South less than five million dollars.
The same advantage seems to have been
secured in the appropriation for public build-
ings. From the beginning of the Government
to July 1, 1871. the northern States received
upward of twenty-three million dollars, and
the South eight and a quarter million. All
the States south of the Potomac and the Ohio
and Missouri are classed as southern States.
The sumsgiven 'he Territories and District of
Columbia ate not takeu into the account.
When we reach the subject of lands donated to
railroad companies the disparity is evengreater.
The northern States have had in round num-
bers one hundred and forty mi'Jion acres, and
those of the South less than thirty seven mil-
lion, Missouri being classed with the South ;
and included in this quantity of land are all
the grants which were made before, and which
lapsed during the war by limitation, only a
few of which have since been revived. This
statement embraces all the lands donated
to the several Pacific railroads, counting the
Texas Pacific with the South, and of course
it does not include the $64,000,000 in United
States bonds which were given to the Union
and Central Pacific companies.
It is true the northern States contain a
greater population, and contribute more to
the revenues, but not in proportion to the
superior Government beneficence of which
| they have been the recipients. Estimating
j the lands as of equal value, and at $1 2.j per
I acre, and including the $04,000,000 in bonds,
j the subsidies granted to northern companies
! aggregate $239,000,000, and those granted to
I the South amount to but $4G,250.000, and
: from this sum should be deducted the value
j of the lapsed grants, which I have not the
I means of estimating.
i Mr. Speaker, I have not made a presentation
j of these statistical facts with any design of
| exciting sectional prejudices, or to cause a feel-
i ing to arise in the minds of the people of the
; South that they have been wronged, but to
j appeal to the sense of justice and to the princi-
! p;e of an equal distribution of blessings which
| ought to actuate every Atnetican heart, and
I which, I am confident, will sooner or later
j dominate iu all our public actions, and because
| I feel that there is no present subject more
j entitled to call forth the exercise of these high
j motives than the one which I am presenting
! for your consideration.
I It has been a national misfortune that the
| ideas and purposes of the people of the two
I sections have been so widely and so bitterly
I divergent. The events of the last decade have
swept away differences in sentiments as well
as in institutions. On political and material
questions the national mind is rapidly becoming
homogeneous. The day is at. hand when ail
will act unitedly, and the people ot the South
will enter upon a career iu which they *i.l
emulate the North in every great and good
work. Their money and energies will cheer-
fully applied to a restoration of the country
from its exUting prostration. I have made an
exhibit of' their poverty and their great needs
that considerate minds may have a knowledge
of all the circumstances which will induce favor-
able action in their behalf.
The Government has done many great and
noble actions to promote national prosperity.
But none are greater than this which we ask.
The Congress has donated to private corpora-
tions for the construction of a railroad from
Oinaha to San Francisco, a distance of nine-
teen hundred and fourteen miles, §100.000,OUO
in bonds and lands. No one will underrate the
greatness of this act. We ask less than twenty
million dollars to build a levee about eb-ven
hundred miles, which will reclaim and preserve
forever twenty million acres of the choicest land
of earth, and which will remove grievous ob-
structions to domestic commeice and inter-
communication. I aver it, except in the idea
of a thoroughfare from ocean to ocean, and the
facilities to divert Asiatic trade to and across
our country, the building of the levees will be
I of more value to the. nation than the connruc-
j tion of a Pacific railroad. The twenty million
j acres of alluvial bottom lands contain more
! wealth than a strip of country two hundred
■ miles in width from the Missouri river to the
i Pacific ocean.
J In the proposition under consideration you
| are shown an enterprise which will addabuud-
atuly to the national wealth, and which will
;l put money into the Treasury—a project which
i| will keep busy the spindles of New Englaud,
which will furnish a market for the coal and
:! iron of Pennsylvania, and for the cereals of
,'j the great Northwest, and which wiil supply
ii freight to the common carrier, and exchanges
,i for international trade. It will cheapen the
: shirt upon every man's back, and the sugar
>' that sweetens his coffee. Upon these reclaimed
|j lands a dense population will grow rich from
honest industry, and when an occasion is pre-
!i sented it will be demonstrated that in the very
|! center of the continent will be found thegreat-
:! est strength and power of the Republic,
jj Mr. RITCHIE addressed the House. [His
j! remarks will be published in the Appendix, J
'j SIESSAfiE FltOM TII15 SENATE.
,| A message from the Senate was communi-
'| cated to the House by Mr. Goeham. its Sec-
• retary. announcing that the Senate, in the
absence of the Vice President, had chosen
■ Hon. Hevrt B. Antiioxy, a Senator from the
State of Rhode Island, President of the Senate
! pro tempore.
j It further announced that the Senate had
'i concurred in the resolution of the House to
j print extra copies of the President's message,
i| and accompanying documents, relating to civil
jj service reform.
|! MESSAGE FROM TUB PKGSIDKN'T.
i| A message in writing from the President of
;j the United States was communicated to the
:j House by Mr. Porter, his Private Secretary.
Mr. BANKS. Although the order of the
|| House is that no business shall be transacted
'I by the House to-day, I do not think there can
J be any objection to giving permission to have
; the message printed which has just been >e-
1' ceived. I understand that if is in reply to a
>: request of the House for information iti regard
|| to affairs in Cuba. 1 would desire to have this
, message presented to the Ilou-^e and an order
■: jnadi: for its piinting, if there be no objection.
! The House will adjourn to-day for morn than
■| two weeks, and if no order be made it cannot
I go to the Public Printer until the House shall
1! again meet,
