2974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
one class of claims, those growing out of delay |
and detention, that is an explanation that in j
itself removes a whole mountain of slander .
from this case. !
Mr. CRAGIN. Upon this language they j
came to that conclusion :
,(He shall ascertain the additional cost which was ,
necessarily incurred by each contractor in the com- |
plction of his work by reason of any changes or |
alterations in the plans and specifications required,
and delays in the prosecution of the work occasioned ;
by the Government which were not provided for m |
the original contract." :
Now, here is what determined the construc-
tion of the board: . ;
"But no allowanco for any advance in the price j
of labor or material shall be considered unless such
advance occurred dnrins the prolonged time lor ]
completing the work rendered necessary by the
delay resulting from the action of the Government
aforesaid."
They told us at. the time, and the Senator
from Illinois will find if he looks at the report
made in 1870—he criticises this construction of
the board 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question as to the fact that he
has stated, which is brought out by the inquiry
of the Senator from Indiana as a reason why
this claim was not presented to the board, and
which the Senator from Indiana says removes
a mountain of scandal from it ? Was there any
reason why tliey could not present this claim
to the Secretaiy of the Navy during the six
years between 18G4 and 1870?
Mr. CRAGIN. I am not aware that there
was any reason for it.
Mr. "TRUMBULL. This claim was never
presented for six years?
Mr. CRAGIN. 1 cannot say about that. If
it was not, I say [ do not know any reason
why it wa« not
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I suppose that the
scandal spoken of is not removed particularly
by the fact of iis not being presented to that
particular board.
Mr. CRAGIN. [ believe I have said all that
I desire to say on this subject.
Mr. CON KLING. Mr. President, during
the war certain citizens, Secor& Co. byname,
made with the United Stales a contract to con-
struct vessels of war. Afier the contract- was
made, and the rights of both parties fixed,
changes took place m the nature and cost of
the work to be performed. These changes
were made not by the contractors, but by the
United States. Resulting from these changes
were delays, delays occasioned by the Govern-
ment, and pending these delays the price of
labor and materials rose largely, and the con-
tractors were damnified. Time were on, and
in view of the (acts, Congress adopted an act
under which the Navy Department took action
leading lo an award to these contractors of
damages or compensation for one class of their
claims, namely, for the claims growing out of
delay. No award was made for materials or
labor furnished under orders of the Govern-
ment deviating from the contract, and in addi-
tion to it.
Subsequently, action was taken by the Navy
Department, through the instrumentality of a
bouVd, and in pursuance of that action $93,000
was paid in addition to these contractors;
and we have heard on the hustings and to-day
in the Senate, upon the authority of a Senator,
that the payment of this $93,000 by the Secre-
tary of the Navy was a wrong utterly bald,
and without color of excuse. The accusation
seemed to intrench itsell behind an act of Con-
gress of 1868.
The Senator from New Jersey stripped the
accusation and left it forlorn by reading and
explaining the actof 1868. His argument was
eluded by the Senator from Illinois, who fell
back on another act. The author of the occa-
sion retreated to the act of 1807, and affirmed
that he found there a cover for his charge,
which the Senator from New Jersey had shown
could not be found in the act at first relied
upon—the act of 1868.
The act of 1807 was not read, but I hokl it
up to show that it does not warrant or excuse
the imputation which has been based on it.
Mindful of the admonition of the Senator
from New Jersey, I will r.ot on partial evi-
dence finally judge or prejudge the case. Jus-
tice, however, demands a denial of the bitter
charge so broadly made. Declarations made
this day and this week deserve some charity.
We know that for some time now several indi-
viduals have been rent by agitating hopes and
prospects which ha,ve hurried them to excesses
and extremities for which, perhaps, special
charity and forbearance may be claimed. Un-
bridled and unfounded assertion must not go
unchallenged, however; they must not stand
unanswered on the record when the nettling
trials of the hour have passed away.
I denv that the statute of 1867 warrants any
man in branding the action of the Secretary of
the Navy in paying this money as bald and il-
legal. 1 will not rest, my denial on the ad-
mitted fact that the first board held that the
statute wholly excluded this claim of $93,000
from its jurisdiction. I will not rest my denial
on the fact that the board so reported to Con-
gress, and that there is no pretense that the
claim was considered or any allowance made
by the board. I take the statute of 1807, the
statute which has become the refuge of this
accusation, and as a lawyer I deny that the
act of 1807 shows the action of the Secretary
of the Navy to be bald and plainly illegal.
Let me read it.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Cragin] said he omitted its concludingclause.
He omitted a governing clause—a clause
weighty on the question whether one or both
of the classes of claims are embraced within
it. I omit as unimportant now the first part of
it, and come to the specification in question:
"And said investigation to be made upon the fol-
lowing; basis: he'1—
Referring to the Secretary of the Navy—
"shall ascertain the additional oo?t which was neces-
sarily incurred by each contractor 111 the completion
ot his work by reason of any changes or alterations
m the plans and specifications required and delays
in the prosecution of the work occasioned by the
Government which were not provided for in the
original contract"—
I pause here to admit that if the words
stopped heie it might be said that the provision
was as well for extra work done beyond the
contract h  for delays that ensued. But ob-
serve how the subsequent language marl's and
defines iis scope—
"but no allowance for any advance in the price of
labor or material shall bo considered unless such
advances occurred during the prolonged time for
completing the work rendered necessary by the
delay resulting from the action of the Government
aloresaid, and then only when such advance could
not have been avoided by the exercise of ordinary
prudence and diligence on the part of the contractor,
and from such additional cost, to be ascertained as
aforesaid, there shall be deducted''—
Here [ pass over intermediate word>, not
touching the points here, and come to thceon-
cluding provision, and J ask the attention of
the Senate:
" Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy, under
the resolution, shall investigate the claim of \V . XI.
Webb for constructing tho steamer Dundcrbcrg,
applying the provisions of this resolution in such
investigation, except"—
Now mark—
"that proper consideration shall be given to the
increased co3t incurred by said Webb by reason ot
any alteration in the plans and specifications tor
the Dunderberg made during the progress of the
work, whether such alterations were provided for
in the original contract or not, when payment tor the
same was not embraced in the contract price."
I shall not try to fix or fasten the true or
exact interpretation of this section. It is not
necessary to ascertain its whole meaning or its
best construction. I shall complete my pur
pose when I show that it is monstrous to assert
that nothing short of bald, wanton transgres-
sion could lead to the conclusion that claims
for work it) excess of the specifications of the
original contract, and not for delay, were ex-
cluded from it.
What, then, is the interpretation, the notice
given on the face of that statute? _ Is it clear,
even stopping with the body of it, taking in
nothing touching William H. Webb. that.
Webb, and Secor, and all other claimants,
could receive compensation not only for delay
and the consequences <f delay, but also for
all extra work whether delay ensued or not?
Is every interpretation, save only this, bald
and wanton? Could this_be fairly or safely
said, even of the body of the section? Can
it be said without violence in view of the con-
cluding proviso ? The.proviso says that Wil-
liam H. Webb shall be tried according to this
statute, except, however, that in his case allow-
ance may be made for additional material, for
different and additional work furnished by
Webb aside from his contract. Expressio
unius est exclusio alterius. Did lhat canon
of construction ever imply to a case more
obviously than it would seem to apply to
this? And yet a board of citizens and offi-
cers having convened under this statute, hav-
ing restiicted their jurisdiction under it. hav-
ing finally determined that they had no juris-
diction, except in the c.'.se of Webb, of a cer-
tain cluss of claims, having acted accord-
ingly, and not a farthin? having be jn allowed
for certain claims, denunciation is heaped on
the action of a different and subsequent board
which exercised jurisdiction of these latter
claims, so equitable between man and man
that he who upon the facts stated would at-
tempt to deny or repudiate them would be
doing li;tie belter than that which plain folks
call stealing. I repeat it, any man who. hav-
ing made a contract to buiid a house or a ves-
sel, and having added after the contract was
made to the expense imposed upon the con-
tractor. should attempt by technicality or sub-
terfuge to repudiate the claim for addi.ional
' compensation, would do an act little better
tlia.ii that which plain folks call stealing. Yet
these claims, being presented to a subsequent
hoard, there being no charge that that board
did not honest.lv estimate and ascertain the
amount due, and find the value of the services
and materials claimed, and the Secretary of
the Navy and the Comptroller of the Treas-
ury having followed this judicial action with
the ininisteiial act of paying the awards, we
are told that, the Secretary has been guilty of
an act illegal and bald. Justification for that
assertion is sought in the statute of 1867, which
I say, without prejudging anybody's guilt or
innocence, naturally and reasonably warranted
the board in saying that the ease of Williim
H. Webb was the only one which they had a
right to deal with in respect of additional work
done or variation from the contract after the
contract was completed.
Now, look at the tabulated statement re-
quited to be made by the act of 18G7, which
I produce, and what do you find upon it?
A roport. hy this board, a tabulated statement
giving, as required, the name of the eon-
tractor, the description of woik, the contract
price, and then the items; and you observe
in it the name of the iron-clad "Keokuk,"
and an asterisk directs your eye to a note at
the foot of the page, and that note is, " Not
considered as within the province of the
board." I have inquired of the chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs what was
the claim on behalf of the Keokuk, and I
find that it was not delay, not injury inflicted
upon the contractors by delay caused by the
Government, but a deviation from the con-
tract, a deviation by the Government from
the contract; more and different materials,
and different labor furnished ; and thereupon
the "board, conscientiously readding this act,
not hungering after jurisdiction, not asserting
doubtful jurisdiction, denying themselves a
jurisdiction at least doubtful, simply ieport
to the Secretary of the Navy "not con-
sidered at all, because not deemed within
the province of the board which makes the
report."
