1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
hands of another party, or at the hands of a
new party yet to be organized, all at once
tramples upon party organization, denounces
party as a crime?
Mr. President, as 1 said the other day, I owe
good faith to the party that acts in good faith
with me;.I owe good faith to the men who
aet in good faith with me; and, as I said the
other day, the man who climbs to the summit
of his ambition by the party ladder and then
seeks to throw it down cannot thereby invest
himself with the character of a reformer or of
a patriot.
We are now upon the eve of another presi-
dential canvass, and the fight will be between
the Republican and the Democratic party.
This new organization will not live. It must
sink back into the one or go forward with
the other. I think what little there is left
of it will probably go forward into the Dem-
ocratic party. There is no middle ground
upon which a third party can stand or ought to
stand. I know that divers gentlemen have
been expecting to be struck with the presi-
dential lightning; but I think it will miss
them. They may find themselves used for a
time; but in the end, by the 1st day of Au-
gust, they will find a straight contest between
the Democratic and the Republican parties, and
he must be upon the one side or upon the other.
The man that is not for us is against us. I
want the Senator to be for us. I want him to
be on our side. I know his strength and I
know his power ; but I have not been so blind
that for the last two years I could not see
where that Senator was drifting.
The Senator from Missouri said the other
day that the ostrich by thrusting his head into
the sand did not conceal his body ; and we can-
not by maintaining silence on this floor re-
fuse to see what is and what has been going
on around us now for more than a year, or for
two years. I have always been in favor of
facing the music, of accepting the inevitable.
I believe in advancing and taking the difficulty
by the throat, instead of shrinking back until
it has gained body and power. The Senator
has this day defended the Missouri movement
and the Cincinnati convention. If he does
not mean to say to the whole country that he
intends to go into that movement and to abide
by it, let him say so now. If he intends to
vote for the nominee of the Republican con-
vention in Philadelphia, whether he be Gen-
eral Grant or somebody else, there is no better
time to say it than right now. Let us know
where he stands. We have a right to know
it. Ho has received high favors from the Re-
publican party; lie has received the highest
office, the highest but one, that any party can
give; he has been honored with itsconfidence
for nearly twenty years, and if he now intends
to desert it let him say so ; but if he intends
to go forward and support the nominee of the
5th of June at Philadelphia, let that man be
whom he will, now is a good time to say it.
If he will say it he will give me as much joy
as any man on this floor. I do not want the
Senator to leave us; I do not want any man
to leave us; but if he intends to do it I want
to know it. As I said the other day, I do not
want to be cheated, and do not want my party
to be cheated.
There is good faith duo in political matters
as in anything else, and I ask those who think
proper for any purpose, I will not impeach
their motive, to leave the Republican party,
to say so frankly and to do it boldly ; not to
stay inside of the party for a time for the pur-
pose of accomplishing its destruction, with the
intent all the time to go. We know that Davis
and Breckinridge and Toombs and Slidell re-
mained in this Chamber, and remained in the
Government of the United States for along
time while they were preparing the rebellion ;
preparing the mine that was to destroy the
Government, and when they thought every-
thing was accomplished, then they went out and
left us, I would have thought much better
of them ifthey hadleftin advance and had said
"We are preparing for rebellion, we are pre-
paring to overturn the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States;" but they remained for a purpose;
when they thought everything was ready and
the time had come, they went out. I hope
their example will not be followed by others.
If there are" those who intend to leave us, let
them leave us now frankly. I will respect
them for it. I can take them by the hand and
bid them a friendly good-by, but I am not
willing that they shall remain for the purpose
of fighting us from our own camp.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President 
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senator to
give way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Nevada yield to the Senator
from Michigan?
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to.
MESS ARB PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbeson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills ;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 635) to change the name
of the pleasure-yacht Lois to that of Sea
Witch ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1669) authorizing an
American register to the British brig Isadore,
owned by Edwin M. Fowle, of Newton, Massa-
chusetts.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 675) granting to
James D. Dana the use of certain plates.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. COLE. I submit that that question
cannot be put now. We have agreed to go
into executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California objects, and the motion cannot
now be put.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The doors are
not vet closed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Isuggestthatthedoors
be considered open for this purpose.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the doors be
opened for the purpose of putting this motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Alabama moves that the doors be opened
for the purpose of allowing him to make the
motion he has suggested.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the order be exe-
cuted and let us proceed regularly. Nothing
can be done until the order is executed and
the gallery is cleared under the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Ser-
geant-at-Arms will clear the galleries and close
the doors.
Mr. SPENCER. I have moved that the
doors be considered open for the purpose of
submitting the motion that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. COLE. I had hoped the Senate would
he content to hold a session on Saturday after
the conclusion to adjourn over for the 22d of
February. There was in the minds of some
an understanding or belief that such would be
the case; and I have to notify the Senate that
it will be impossible to get through with the
bills that the Appropriation Committee have
in charge unless we proceed with those bills
soon. It is apparent to the Senate that the
nearer we approach to the end of the session
the stronger will be the disposition to indulge
in party debates; and if the main business of
the session, the appropriation bills, is to be
put off from time to time, and as appears now
for another whole week of political discussion,
it will be utterly impossible to get them through
in proper shape, and to get them through
without being embarrassed by outside and
irrelevant legislation. I hope if Senators are
not ready to go on with the discussion that has
been before the Senate to-day they will at
least not adjourn over, but permit the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to go on with the
unfinished bill making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government to-morrow. I am glad
that the Senate evinces so much confidence in
the Committee on Appropriations as to be
willing that their business shall be crowded
into the last days and hours of the session;
but I warn Senators that legislation of every
description will be attached to these bills at
that time and there will be no possibility of
resisting it.
If that is the purpose of Senators in post-
poning these bills from day to day and from
week to week, I hope they will not hesitate to
make it manifest by adjourning over to-mor-
row, because I shall take that as an indication
of a determination to embarrass the appropri-
ation bills by other legislation. I am aware
that there are projects for public buildings all
over the United States. Senators are anxious
to have appropriations made for their States,
and. their only hope, it may be, of getting a
great many of them through, say one for
each State, will be in the last hours to
force the Senate to adopt their propositions.
The Senator from New Jersey who has been
so successful heretofore in getting appropria-
tions for his State will be seeking in good faith
to get through another large one just at the
end of the session, as was the case last year
with him, greatly to his good luck, and the
Senators from the several States who are
asking large appropriations may try the same
means.
Mr. STOCKTON. I do not know that it is
a matter of importance, but I must say to the
Senator that he has gone entirely out of his
road in making an allusion to me. I desire to
say to him that according to the best of my
knowledge there has never been one dollar
appropriated to the State of New Jersey since
I have been in Congress, except on one occa-
sion, and then the Secretary of the Treasury
refused to execute the law, and the money has
been covered back into the Treasury, or will
be in a short time.
Mr. COLE. I do not know what became
of the matter, but the measure became a law.
If the money has since been covered into the
Treasury it is all the better, and I am glad to
hear it. But there are a great many other
Senators who are anxious to got the Commit-
tee on Appropriations in a corner so that they
cannot resist the custom which too often has
prevailed of riding down the appropriation
bills with other measures.
I do not wish to consume the time of the
Senate in a discussion of this kind; but it does
seem to me that after one holiday just enjoyed,
a holiday in the midst of the week, the Senate
might well go on with the business of the ses-
sion to-morrow. The House of Representa-
tives have a meeting every Saturday. They
have a session, to be sure,for discussion; and
if wc could follow their good example and let
these political discussions be thrown into Sat-
urdays and take the rest of the week for the
business of the session, it would be very well •
but we are willing to reverse the thing, and
willing to accept of Saturday for regular busi-
ness, for the business of the session, if the
Senate will allow us to go on with the business
of the session on Saturday.
Mr. POMEROY. I rise to a question of
order. I understand the motion is to open
the doors, which is not debatable. No debate
can be had on that question. The same rule
applies to a motion to open the doors as to a
motion to close them. You cannot debate
the question of going into executive session or
coming out. [' • That is so !" ]
