1872,.
Tm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lution can in no manner be construed to
authorize the transmission from qne House to
the other of any bill which has passed neither
Souse during the last three days.
The SPEAKER. Of course not.
Mr. STEVENSON. Can the House sus-
pend a joint resolution?
The SPEAKER. Th is is a concurrent res-
olution. It is part of the universa.1 practice
of the Ilouse ; and the Chair has never been
able to find the reason for the insertion of
those rules. The Chair has looked over the
Journal for a good many years, and finds that
Since 1822 they have always been suspended
every year. The Chair therefore did not in-
tend any levity when he said he presumed
those two rules were put in for the purpose of
having them suspended.
The concurrent resolution was agreed to,
(two thirds voting in ffivor thereof,) and the
sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules were
suspended during the remainder of the session.
OlippR of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that the
Monday morning hour for the call of States for
bills and joint resolutions is dispensed with,
and the House resumes the consideration of
the report of the conference committee on the
Post Office appropriation bill, on which the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. PLATT. I ask unanimous consent to
present a bill for reference.
Mr. KING. I have the same request to
make.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no objec-
tion to the requests of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Platt] and the gentleman from
Missouri,.[Mr. King.J The Chair, however,
will remark that it will be utterly impossible
for any committee to report during the re-
mainder of this session.
agricultural and mechanical colleges.
Mr. KING, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2913) to provide for
the further endowment and support of col-
leges for the benefit of agriculture and the
mechanical arts, and the liberal and practical
education of the industrial classes in the sev-
eral pursuits and professions of life, as estab-
lished under an act of Congress approved July
2, 1802; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Education
and Labor, and ordered to be printed.
watson, henderson and company.
Mr. KING also, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2914) for the relief
of Watson, Henderson & Co., of Louisiana,
Missouri; which was read a first and second
time, and, with accompanying papers, referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
survey of black water river.
Mr. PLATT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. li. No. 2915) authorizing and
directing a survey of the Blackwater river, in
the State of Virginia; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
dismal swamp canal.
Mr. PLATT also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2910) for the
improvement of the Dismal Swamp canal;
which was read a first and second ^ime, re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
captain george h. coopek.
Mr. PLATT also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 157)
for the relief of Captain George H. Cooper;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
JOHN F. WHEELER.
Mr. DUELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. it. No. 2917) for the relief
of John F. Wheeler; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
depot of baltfmobjs and potomac railroad.
Mr. POLAND, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R, $o, 2918) to repeal
an act entitled ''An act to confirm the action
of the Tjoard of aldermen and common coun-
cil of the city of Washington, designating a
depot site for the Baltimore and Potomac
Railroad C.ompany, and for other purposes,"
approved May 21, 1871; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee for
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
public buildings at st. albans.
Mr. SMITH, of Vermont, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2919) to
provide for the erection of a custom-house and
post office at St. Albans, Vermont; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and ordered to be printed.
w w. m'farland. '
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2920)
for the relief of W. W. McFarland, late first
lieutenant fifth Ohio cavalry ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
georoe t. cochrane.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Indiana, also, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2921) for the relief of George T. Cochrane,
latg captain of eighth Indiana battery ; \?)jich
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee ou Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
8cipio donald.
Mr. MOREY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (li. R. No. 2922) for the relief
of Scipio Donald ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
fourth iowa infantry.
Mr. DONNAN, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No.' 2923) to provide
for the payment of bounty to the fourth regi-
ment Iowa infantry volunteers; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
mks. l. brown.
Mr. READ, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2024) for the benefit
of Mrs. L. Brown, of Casey county, Kentucky;
wbich was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed,
george w. gadberry.
Mr. READ also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2925) for the
benefit of George W. Gadberry, of Casey
county, Kentucky; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
franklin institute.
Mr. POSTER, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, from the Committee of Claims,
submitted a report in writing upon the peti-
tion of the Franklin Institute, of Philadel-
phia ; which was recommitted to the commit-
tee, and ordered to be printed.
territory of oklahoma.
Mr. McKBE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted a report of the minority of the Com-
mittee on the Territories in relation to the
organization of the Territory of Oklahoma;
which was recommitted to the committee, and
ordered to be printed.
charles b. holbbook.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (0. R. No. 2923) for the
relief of Charles B. JJqJbrQok, assignee of J,
H. Hammond, which was read a first, fvnd
second time, referred tp the Commjtjt^e o£
Claims, and ordered to be printed* -i .
MEDICAL AND 8UJRGIOAI. HISTORY OF THE WAR..
Mr. PENDLETON, by unanimous co.nsent,
introduced a bill (IJ. R. No. 2927) for pre-
paring for publication the second and thipl
parts of the Medical and Surgical History
of the War; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the' Committee or) Printing,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee
on Printing, submitted the following concur-
rent resolution, which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That of ih'o live thousand copies
of the Medical and Surgical History of the-War au-
thorized to be printed by the joint resolution of
Congress, approved March 3, 1869, two thousand
copies shall bo for the use of the House of Repre-
sentatives, one thousand for the Senate, and two
thousand for distribution by the Surgpon (general of
tho Army. ' ,
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
insurrectionary states.
Mr. PENDLETON also, from the same
committee, reported the following concurrent
resolution ; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring.) That there bo printod thirty thou-
sand copies of the message of the President of the
Unite4 States of April 19, 1872, and the documents
accompanying the same, in answer to a resolution
of tho House of January 25,1872, asking all informa-
tion in his possession upon which he acted in exer-
cising the powers conferred upon him by the third and
four til sections of the actof Congress approved April
20,1871, the names of persons who have been arrested
under said act, the number who have confessed, &c„
ton thousand of said copies to be for tho use of the
Senate and twenty thousand for the use of the House.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
samuel martin.
Mr. LEWIS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. JR. No. 2928) for the relief of
Samuel Martin, late deputy collector of inter-
nal revenue for the third district of Kentucky;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
STORM AND FLOOD SIGNALS.
Mr. WHITTHORNE, by unanimous consent,
submitted a report in writing from the Com-
mittee on Naval' Affairs on the bill (H. R. No.
1783) to test a plan of storm and flood signals;
which was o'rdered to be printed, and recom-
mitted.
john colton.
Mr. BURCHARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2829) granting a
pension to John Colton, of Stevenson county,
Illinois; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
INCREASE OF PENSIONS.
Mr. MOORE. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table and con-
sidered at this time Senate bill No. 1073, in-
creasing the rates of pensions to certain per-
sons therein described.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after wbich objections to its present consider-
ation will be in order.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
act entitled "An act supplementary to the
seyeral acts relating to pensions," approved
June 6, 1860, shall be so amended that from
and after the passage of the act all persons
entitled by law to  less pension than herein-
