18Y2.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
42d Cons....2d Sess.
Senator from North Carolina—Mr. Tlmrnan.
Senate.
franchise a mati, to hold him disqualified on
the ground that some court has held another
man to be disfranchised, you must show me
that the cases are identically the same; for I
am not bound to follow the precedent of dis-
franchisement one iota beyond the facts of the
case cited.
Mr. President, with these preliminary re-
marks, I proceed to show the Senators who
are here, and the empty seats of those who are
not, (regretting exceedingly that on a ques-
tion of this kind more than half the Senate
should see fit to absent themselves,) wherein
the case before the Senate differs from the
English cases relied upon by the claimant.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The presumption is that
they are absent because they know the court
is on your side.
Mr. THUilMAN. I hope that that pre-
sumption may prove true. If tliey do not
want to hear mo because the court is on my
side, then I wish they had manifested it in the
first instance, and saved me the necessity of
speaking at all.
Now 1 propose to state wherein Ihe English
cases differ from the case now before the Sen-
ate; and the first difference to which I wish
to call the attention of the Senate is a funda-
mental one ; it is a difference the importance
of which cannot be overestimated; and it is
this: in almost all, if not every one of the
English cases, the elector whose vote was
rejected from the count voted in his own
right, voted as an individual possessing the
electoral franchise in his own right. There
may be some few cases, and they are com-
paratively few and unimportant, in which this
was not the fact; but the English eases gen-
erally that have been cited are cases in which
the elector voted in his own right, and not as
the representative of other men. hi a case of
that kind, if he saw fit willfully to throw away
his vole, he might do it. Nobody was thereby
injured bat himself. He stood in precisely the
sume category as if he had not attended the
election at all. The law did not compel him
to vote. He was under no moral obligation,
Eerhaps, to vote; and if he saw fit to renounce
is franchise for the time being, nobody could
complain.
But that is not the case in an election of
Senator. Not a man who voted for Yance
cast a vote to which he had any individual
title whatever. Not one of them as an indi-
vidual bad a right, to cast a vote in that elec-
tion. The sole right that any one had was
his representative right; his right as a member
of the General Assembly, and theconsequence
is, that if you cast out his vote from the count,
it is not he who is punished, but it is his con-
stituents upon whom the punishment falls.
If you reject the votes of a majority of the
Assembly of North Carolina cast for Vance,
it is not that majority whom you punish; it is
the whole people of the Slate upon whom your
judgment falls.
This marksafuudamental difference between
the cases. Such a case as this never did occur
and never could occur in England, and that
for the plain reason that there is no such thing
as an election of Senator there, nor anything
analogous to it; and to quote their cases ot
election, where every elector voted in his indi-
vidual right for some little paltry municipal
officer, or some corporation officer, or even
for a member of Parliament, as authorities in
a case like this, is not to apply but to misapply
precedents. 1 say it with entire respect to my
fnend, the Senator from Wisconsin. He does
not produce precedents; he produces decisions
belonging to a wholly different class of cases,
and that have no reasonable application to the
case in hand.
I have already said thatin theEnglish cases
the vote belonged to the voter himself. He
was the representative of no man. He had,
therefore, a right to throw that vote away.
But no member of the Assembly of North
Carolina had a right to throw his vote away.
He could not do it without a plain dereliction
of his sworn duty. He could not do it with-
out a plain betrayal of the interests of his con-
stituents. The case, therefore, is fundament-
ally different from the cases cited. In the
English cases the man threw away that which
belonged to him, but here we are asked to
say that the assemblyman, the representative,
threw away that which did not.belong to him,
but belonged to his constituents.
Again, in the English cases the intention of
the voter to throw away his vote might well
enough be imputed to him, because, as I said,
it belonged to him, and if he knowingly and
willfully voted for a man who he knew would
never be allowed to hold the office, the natural
presumption was that he intended to throw
away his vote; and it is upon this ground, that
he did willfully thro# away his vote, that his
vote is rejected from the count. This can be
proved in a sentence almost. If the English
voter voted for a disqualified man, not know-
ing of the disqualification, then the minority
man is not elected. We all agree to that.
Every case says that. The bare fact, then, of
disqualification or disability on the part of the
man receiving a majority does not elect the
minority man. It is necessary, not only that
the majority man shall be disqualified, but that
the voters shall have had clear, positive, cer-
tain knowledge of his disqualification, and yet
contumaciously, willfully, and knowingly cast
their votes for him ; and when that is the case
they may well enough be presumed to have
intended the natural result of their act, intended
to throw away their votes.
But, sir, you cannot impute any such pur-
pose to a Legislature. First, you cannot im-
pute it to them, because each member of that
Legislature took an oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States and the constitu-
tion of his State, and that oath imposed upon
him the duty to go into the election of a Sen-
ator in Congress at the proper time, and to
elect one if he could. In the second place,
the respect that we owe to the Legislature of a
State forbids us to impute to its members an
intention to disregard their oaths, disregard
their duty, and throw away the votes intrusted
to them by the people.
Sir, there is no State rights in this. I hope
my friend from Wisconsin, who now and then
has a glimmering, and sometimes a full beam
of the sound doctrine in his mind, will not
impute contumacy to the Legislature of a
State, will not treat it with that disrespect,
will not treat it with that contumely, will
not treat it with that humiliation, will not
degrade it so far as to impute to it an inten-
tion to cast away the vote intrusted to it by
the people, and thus against the will of the
people of the State seat the minority man in
this Chamber. I know very well that since
the war, since States fled from their orbits
and wandered erratically in the chaos of bloody
convulsion, how little respect is paid to a
State. I am sure the time has been when no
man in this body would for a moment have
entertained the idea of imputing to a Legis-
lature the willful, deliberate purpose of throw-
ing away their votes; and yet it is precisely
that willful, deliberate purpose to throw away
his vote which rejects the vote of the Eng-
lish elector who casts it for a disqualified per-
son. You cannot, consistent whh our system
of government, jjou cannot, consistent with
that respect which is due to the General
Assembly of a State, impute to any of its
members a purpose so base, a purpose so
vile, a purpose so contrary to his sworn and
indispensable duty.
Here again the case is distinguished from the
English cases. No man in those cases voted
under the obligations of an oath. No man
there whose vote was rejected voted as the
representative of a great State. No one there
when he voted was forming a part of the con-
stituent government of his land. With the
exception of one or two parliamentary cases,
nothing of that kind can be said of them ; and
to take up those cases, little elections of
municipal officers or directors in a corporation,
and use them here, and claim them to be pre-
cedents in this case, I must say, with great
respect to my friend, was not quite worthy of
his great ability.
I proceed to show further differences between
the English cases and the case before us. In
the English cases the voter knew to a moral
certainty that the person for whom he voted
would never be permitted to hold the office.
There was nothing in the British constitution,
nothing in any act of Parliament, nothing in
any judicial or parliamentary decision that
held out the least idea or hope that the dis-
qualification of the person voted for would
be removed, and he be permitted to take and
hold the office. The voter might therefore be
said, with much reason, to have renounced his
franchise as much as if he haddeclinedtovote
at all. It is no answer whatever to say that
the British Parliament, being supreme, might
have removed the disqualification. You might
as well say that it would be an answer to say
that the voter anticipated an earthquake.
There would have been as much reason in the
one answer as the other, and none in either.
We do not deal with mere possibilities. What
we deal with is the reasonable probability, the
moral certainty that man had when he cast his
vote; and that for the purposes of the case was
just as good as if it were the fiat of the Almighty
himself, and therefore absolutely certain. So
far as the English voter was concerned, he had
the most absolute moral certainty that the man
for whom ho voted could not hold the office,
and therefore he might properly be said to
have thrown away his vote.
1. But how is it here? Here the very Con-
stitution that imposed the disability provided
for its removal. That is the first element in
this case (after that which I have discussed)
that is not in the English cases at all.
2. In the second place, the disability im-
posed is a disability to be a Senator, not a
disability to be elected ; and that is a conclu-
sive answer to Abbott's claim. In England
that could not be said, because in that country,
there being no assurance whatever, no prob-
ability whatever, no right to expect that the
disqualifications would be removed, it might
well be argued that the disqualification went
not merely to holding office, but to being
elected. But in this case our Constitution
imposes no such disqualification ; it does not
disqualify a man to be elected a Senator be-
cause he is under the disability of the third
section of the fourteenth amendment. All
the disqualification is that he shall not be a
Senator. He may be elected before his dis-
qualification is removed, and if it be removed
in time, then he can be a Senator by as good
a title as any gentleman on this floor. This is
another element that is wanting in theEnglish
cases.
3. Then, in the third place, this interpreta-
tion of the Constitution had been given by
Congress again and again before the election
in question took place, and from the adoption
of the fourteenth amendment down to this day
no other interpretation has ever been given to
it by Congress, or by either House of Con-
gress, or by any court. 1 defy any man to
show me where Congress, or either House of
Congress, or any court has decided or inti-
mated that a man under the disabilities of the
fourteenth amendment is ineligible to election.
On the contrary, Congress has decided again
and again, not only by general statutes, hut in
