1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
;20^9
sent to the desk have applied to Congress for
a removal of their disabilities?
Mr. HANDLEY. A part of the list was
-furnished to me by Senator Goldthwaite,
and the name of Mr. Walker appears on his
list. I am willing to have that name withdrawn.
All the persons whose names I put oil the list
have applied to me to secure the removal of
their disabilities.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Do I understand that all
have applied except the person just named ?
Mr. HANDLEY. All have sent their appli-
cations to me except those named on the list
which was furnished to me by Senator Goi.d-
thwaite, and they, I understand, sent then-
applications to him.
Mr. ELLIOTT. Has the Clerk reported the
names from South Carolina?
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows nothing
at alt about the names.
Mr. HANCOCK. The Mr. Walker whose
name has been read was not confederate sec-
retary of war.
Mr. HANDLEY. I understand the name
of I hat officer was Leroy P. Walker.
Mr. FARXSWORTH. Is Walker any worse
than the other men on the list? I suppose
every one of them would have been secretary
of war if he could.
Mr. HANDLEY. For fear of some mis
understanding, I withdraw the name of Mr.
Walker, although I know he is not the man
who was confederate secretary of war.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. SHELDON. Mr. Speaker  
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Sheldon] to
allow me a single word of explanation. I do not
mean to oppose amnesty bills ; but I appeal to
gentlemen on the other side whether it is not
better to have these names referred to the
Judiciary Committee with leave to report at
any time. In this way'the names may be more
correctly stated; for frequently in bills which are
passed hastily by the House the names need to
be corrected afterward. Whenever any mem-
ber comes before the committee, and says that
Mr. A or Mr. B or Mr. C desires to have his
disabilities removed, the name will beincluded
in the committee's bill.
Mr. SHELDON. I understand that the res-
olution of the House instructing the Judiciary
Committee to report a bill is limited to such
persons as have petitioned for the removal of
their disabilities. Now, sjr, those whose names
I have presented have made their applications
in letters to' me, and some of those letters
relate also to other subjects which would make
it improper for me to refer them to the com-
mittee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We do
not ask that such letters shall be referred to
our committee ; we simply ask that you shall
come before our committee and say of certain
men that they request to have their disabilities
removed.
Mr. SHELDON. So far as I am con-
cerned, I have 110 objection to the arrange-
ment, but 
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say
a word. Applications from members for op-
portunities to offer amnesty bills are very
numerous. It is, of course, improper for t.he
Chair to sliow any partiality in this matter.
When he admits one member he must admit
all. Therefore the Chair, when allowing the
presentation of a proposition oi this kind by
a gentleman from Louisiana, cannot be con-
sistent unless he allows gentlemen from Geor-
gia, from Texas, from Alabama, and other
States the same privilege. Any other course
would be a partial administration of the func-
tions of the Chair. After the action of the
House in referring this matter to the Judi-
ciary Committee, the Chair must say that the
method of proceeding now going on is irreg-
ular, and he has done his best to discourage
it. He thinks that the course suggested by the
gentleman from Massachusetts would answer
every end ; that is, the reference of the names
to the Judiciary Committee, with the privi-
lege of reporting at any time.
Mr. CONNER. I hope I will be allowed
one word.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Is it not
reconstructing the Reconstruction Committee
to allow them to report at any time on these
matters?
The SPEAKER. It is merely giving the
question of amnesty to the committee to be
reported on.
Air. SHELDON. Will it be offensive for
me to say that I understand the practice we
are now going through with originated with
the Chair himself?
The SPEAKER. Precisely, and the Chair
has already so stated. It arose from the neces-
sities of the case, for otherwise one gentleman
would get up and exhaust the whole day in
haviug his name put through, so that no other
member of the House could have an opportun-
ity. As a matter of fact no member of the
House has the right, to be heard in reference
to amnesty in preference to any other member
of the House. The Chair would not under-
take to select or exclude any one. If it be
open at all, it must be open to every one.
Mr. SHELDON. I do not blame the Chair,
and now move that the rules be suspended and
the bill be passed.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
10G, noes 46.
Mr. ELLIOTT demanded the yeas and nays.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
twenty-seven, not one fifth of those present.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded telleis on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not oidered.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD demanded teller's on the
question.
Tellers were not ordered.
So (two thirds haviug voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended, and the bill (II. R.
No. 2189) was passed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will now give
notice that he will hereafter recognize no gen-
tleman on ail individual amnesty bill except it
come from the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask a parlia-
mentary question. Under what rule of the
House does the Chair give that notice?
The SPEAKER. Under the wise direction
and fair construction of the rule or order of
the House which refers individual names to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and which
gives that committee certain peculiar privi-
leges iu the premises.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to ask the
Speaker, if I obtain the floor by liis recogni-
tion, whether I do not then have the right to
intioduce an amnesty bill and on Monday to
move that the rules be suspended and by a
two-thirds vote have the bill parsed?
The SPEAKER. The Chair, of course,
only gives notice that he will not recognize
gentlemen in these individual amnesty eases
unless the report comes from the Committee
on the Judiciary. The Chair must exercise a
wise discretion about these amnesty bills.
ilr. RANDALL. In the fair discharge of
the duties of the Speaker I suppose it would
be in order to recognize a gentleman, and
then that gentleman would have the right on
Monday to move to suspend the rules and pass
an amnesty bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will par-
don the Chair for saying that it requires, of
course, the exercise of discretion on his
part on Monday as between the two sides of
the House upon the various questions pre-
sented on that day. It is iuipoitant the Chair
should recognize gentlemen on both sides, so
as to promote the public business.
Mr. RANDALL. You have always done it.
The SPEAKER. And not take up any
matters about which there is disinclination to
act. The Chair exercises his discretion, sub-
ject to the general judgment aud censure of*
the House if he errs.
Mr. RANDALL. The Chair will under-
stand me; I did not mean to reflect upon liita
at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so
understand the gentleman.
Mr. COX. 1 ask unanimous consent to
submit a resolution which will hereafter pre-
vent all this trouble.
The Clerk read as follows:
Besoloed, That the Committee on theltules be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of amend-
ing tho latter portion of Rule 115 by inserting after
the words "post routes" the words "or a bill or
joint resolution for the removal from persons there-
in named of the disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States," so that it shall read :
Cut the Speaker shall not entertain a motion for
leavo to introduce a bill or joint resolution for the
establishment or change of post routes, or a bill or
joint resolution for the removal from persons there-
in namod of the disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth article of amendments to the Constitution of
thcUnited States, and all propositions relating there-
to shall be referred, under the rule, like petitions
and other papers, to the appropriate committees.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I object.
territorial business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to sub-
mit a suggestion with reference to the business
of the House. Reports from the committee
represented by the gentleman fiom Nebraska
[Mr. Taffe] have been made a special order
for to-morrow. 1 desire, since the appropria-
tion bills have been delayed so long, that that
gentleman will allow the business of his com-
mittee to be postponed for a week or two.
The SPEAKER. To-morrow, from half past
one o'clock .uitil the hour of adjournment, has
been assigned by order of the House to busi-
ness reported from the Committee on the Ter-
ritories. The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
field,] the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, asks that that order be post-
poned.
Mr. TAFFE. I shall not object to the post-
ponement, and should prefer that it should be
for two weeks rather than one. as the commit-
tee have various bills under consideration,
which they desire to report.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the order which was made in regard to busi-
ness of the Committee on the Territories for
to-morrow .will be made instead for Tuesday
two weeks from to-morrow.
Mr. WILLAItD. Is it for that day only?
The SPEAKER. Yes; for that day only.
The order will be made under precisely the
same restrictions as are now on the Journal.
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
additional judge in mississippi.
Mr. BARRY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bdl (II. 11. >o. 2191) to provide for
au additional judge of the United States dis-
trict court for the State of Mississippi; which
was read a first aud second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
judicial district in north carolina.
Mr. PETERS. 1 move to suspend the rales
to enable tne to report from the Committee on
the Judiciary, and have put upon it passage,
a bill to establish a western judicial district of
North Carolina.
The bill was read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the bill will not
pass. I understand that it proposes to cieate
another Fedeial judicial district in the State
of North Carolina, a State which has but com-
paratively little business. It would seem that
the bill is sought to be passed for the purpose
ot' meeting a temporary exigency, and not for
i any general purposH. it is possible that at this
| presunt time the Federal courts of the State
| of North Carolina may be incumbered with
I business, as courts are everywhere in conse-
I queuce of business growing out of the war.
