1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
.'The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Moore.)
The gentleman will bear in mind that the House
made an order that no business whatever should
be transacted to-day; that the session of to-day-
should be for debate, and debate only. A mes-
sage from the President or from the Senate can
be received and go to the Speaker's table; but
no motion can be made or action taken in ref-
erence to it, lor it is the opinion of the Chair
that there is no authority for the House to do
so to-day.
Mr. BANKS. It is scarcely in the way of
business to order this message to be printed.
Without any order being taken by the House,
we might consent that the message should be
printed.
Mr. KERR. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to pursuing the course suggested by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
in reference to this measure. There need be
no formal order made and entered upon the
Journal.
Mr. BANKS. If the Chair will allow the
message to be opened, then thePiinter might
take it and print it, and I would pledge myself
to get the necessary order from the House
when it shall meet again after the holidays.
Mr. HOAR. I think the course suggested
would hardly be safe, for no one would know
what might be done here, no matter what the
order of the House should be. I would sug-
gest to my colleague that this message might
be brought before the public, if some gentle-
man could incorporate it in his remarks to-day,
and have it printed in the Globe.
Mr. BANKS. I think it is in accordance
with custom for a Speaker pro tempore to open
a message when it comes here.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The present
occupant of the chair would not feel that he
had any authority to take any action in regard
to this message except to receive it and let it
go to the Speaker's table. The order of the
House is imperative that 110 business whatever
should be transacted by the House to-day.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] will permit
me to suggest that this message, as I under-
stand, will also go to the Senate, which is in
session for business, and which might order it
printed ; thus accomplishing substantially the
object which the gentleman from Massachu-
setts desires.
Mr. BANKS. This message comes to the
House alone, being in answer to a House reso-
lution, and will not go to the Senate. I will,
however, withdraw my request for the pres-
ent and make further inquiry as to what can
be done without infringing the rules of the
House. I believe the decision of the Chair to
be perfectly proper.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed, withoutamendment, House
bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 774) to establish post
routes; and
An act (H. R. No. 777) to establish post
routes.
UNIVK11SAL AMNESTY.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, Mr. Speaker, the
subject I liave selected for a few remarks this
morning is 1 lint of general amnesty. It is a
subject which has created no little excilement
and interest in the West, as well as in other
portions of the United Stales; and I presume
that there is no subject to-day in this country
whicli is attracting so much attention as that
of ''universal amnesty." I am sure that there
is no subject that could arouse the sympathies
in my own breast moie than that which looks
to the amelioration of the suffering condition
of mv own race. I am one of those, it you
please, who long since hoisted and marched
under the banner that floats to the breeze " the
equality of all men before the law.'' I have
rallied under that banner in years past, and I
expect to do so as long as there is a human
being in this land who is deprived of equal
rights and privileges under the law. I shall
continue to rally under it, and my voice shall
ever be heard in behalf of the equality of those
who are deprived to-day of the privileges of
American freemen. We hoisted the banner
with this republican motto, and labored for
the liberation of those who are not of our
own race or complexion; and we brought
about results which partially crowned with
victory all our labors in the campaigns of
the past when we gave not only physical but
political freedom to the black men of the
country.
I am one of those, Mr. Speaker, who do not
propose to stop at this point. I am one of
those who intend to keep the ball rolling as
long as one of my race in this Government is
deprived of the liberties and privileges which
we have granted to the black man. I am one
of those who to-day think that the friends of
the white men of this country, who are now
deprived of the blessings of this Republic, have
the right to be heard on this floor, and through-
out the length and breadth of this land. I am
not unmindful of the fact that the cries of that
class of people have come to the Congress of
the United States time and again in vain. I
am not unmindful of the fact that there are men,
white men, who are to-day deprived of those
blessings which gentlemen so flippantly speak
of in this House as belonging to "all men
before the law."
Mr. Speaker, in unfurling the banner and
striking for "the equality of all men before
the law" I do not mean to leave my own race
degraded as they are to-day in a portion of the
States of this Union. If that is not Repub-
licanism, then I am not a Republican, either
in a partisan or in a general sense; but if it
is Republicanism, then I want the Republican
party of this nation to come up to the work.
Let them in this House and in the Senate say
to the people of the United States that they
will be true to their principles, and that the
white men of this country shall be free men
again, and be invested with all the rights and
privileges the Constitution gives to American
citizens.
But, Mr. Speaker, I am told these men
committed a great crime; that they are un-
worthy of confidence, and beneath the notice
of the American people ; and that such unmis-
takably is the doctrine held by the Repub-
lican party of this Union. What crime, Mr.
Speaker, have they been guilty of? Is the
crime committed by them in 1861 in rebelling
against this Government any greater than that
our forefathers committed in raising the stand-
ard of revolution against the mother country,
England? Is treason by American citizens
against the American Government a greater
crime than treason by British citizens against
the British Government? The people of the
southern States to-day are guilty of 110 greater
crime, legally considered, than that of which
our forefathers were guilty when they rebelled
against the Government of England. And
the question with me—when we look back
over that period and read the history of our
country with so much interest, and with our
bosoms heaving with sympathy for those of
our people who were engaged in that great
revolution—is why we to-day have such feelings
toward our own brethren when they, like our
forefathers, simply raised their arms to strike
down a Government which they thoughtfailed
to protect them ? I say, why is this ? Both
were alike guilty of treason under the law. Is
it because they have been guilty of a moral
crime ; or is it because they have been guilty
of a legal crime; or is it because they have
been guilty of both?
Does treason necessarily involve moral tur-
pitude? I hold that it does not. Moral of-
fenses are well defined. Legal offenses and
crimes are also well defined. But I have yet
to learn that, because an offense is such as we
term a legal offense, it necessarily follows that
thereby it becomes a moral offense. Were
the leaders of rebellion against the Govern-
ment of the United States guilt.y of a moral
offense? We do not arraign, try, or condemn
them for such. If they were guilty of a moral
crime, they will have to answer for that to a
higher tribunal than we have here on this
earth. If they were guilty of a legal crime,
that crime has been long since blotted out by
executive clemency. They stand before this
Government to-day without offense, so far as
participation in rebellion is concerned ; they
stand as citizens of this great country; they
stand as freemer., .and as such they should be
recognized and regarded in the councils of
the nation.
If it be held that treason is necessarily a
moral crime, then it necessarily follows that
our forefathers were guilty of a moral crime
in rebelling against England, and that every
attempted revolution by any people against
any established Government is a moral crime.
I presume, however, that it will not be con-
tended that rebellion necessarily is a moral
crime, but that it is simply a legal offense
against the Government. The question then
is this: whether or not we should hold those
who have been guilty of the same legal offense,
of the same legal crimes that our forefathers
were guilty of—no more, no less—to a stricter
accountability than we would have our fore-
fathers held? I think, Mr. Speaker, we should
not. I think that we should look at the con-
dition of that people, not only when the rebel-
lion broke out, but for years prior thereto. I
think we should look at that which prompted
that people to rebel against the Government.
I think we should take all their surroundings
into view and see whether or not they deserve
at our hands such treatment as they are to-day
receiving from this Government. I am not
here to apologize for their treason. Had the
Government seen fit to enforce the penalty of
the law it would have been a responsibility
resting upon the Government itself. It had
the right to punish for treason against the
Government and against its laws. But it did
not see cause to do it; and now, having passed
by the crime of treason, having blotted it out,
we still withhold from a poition of that people
the right to appear on this floor and to hold
office in this Government or under the State
governments.
Self-interest prompts man to do a great
many things that he would not otherwise do.
And in this view of the case I look at this
rebellion probably in a difFerent light from
that in which a great many others would view
it. I look on that people as going into the
rebellion to protect themselves as they believed
against the aggressions of a party that had
risen to power in 18G0. I look upon them, in
other words, as going into a rebellion to secure
to themselves their property that they then
held under the laws of the States in which they
lived. It was then a question of property, a
question of dollars and cents, a question of
interest (that prompts all of us to act) that
prompted that people in 1861 to take up arms
against this Government. They owned slaves;
these slaves were worth millions of dollars.
And not only did they own them, but they or
their ancestors had purchased them, or a great
portion of them, from men living in the north-
ern States. In other words, the men who
cried out against slavery, who waged a war
against slavery the strongest, owed their posi-
tion in society to the fact that they had then
and there in their pockets the proceeds of
slaves sold to that same people who rebelled
against the Government of the United States.
If not, we know that their ancestors did have.
Now, then, that being the case, it does look
to me, Mr. Speaker, that it should induce us
at least to luuk with some degree of liberality
upon the offense that they committed 111 1801
against the Government. If they honestly
believed that their rights were jeopardized, if
