S88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
they honestly believed that the party in power
were the enemies of their interests, and that
their slave property was in danger, fhey did
nothing more than all other people who rebel
against their Government do when they rebel,
because they believe their interests are in
danger. I cannot conceive, then, how it is
that we can expect that people ever to view
the rebellion in any other light than as being
right in its incipiency and throughout all its
stages. If they believed that slavery was no
moral crime in itself, if they believed that the
institution of slavery was compatible with divine
law as well as with the political laws of the
land, if they believed it was no offense against
God or man to hold slaves, and if they believed
honestly that their slave property was in dan-
ger, I say that their consciences never can be
brought to the point where they can say they
did wrong in waging rebellion against the
United States Government.
I make these remarks rather in reply to
those which are frequently made that the
southern people should come back to the Gov-
ernment and kneel down, as it were, at our feet
and ask for forgiveness for the wrong that they
have done. That, sir, involves the very ques-
tion of their honest purpose and intention at
the beginning of the rebellion. If they believe
that they were right they will never come back
and say "that they committed a wrong in going
into rebellion against the Government. The
men who went into the rebellion and the men
who prosecuted it with arms against the Gov-
ernment, believing that they were right, were
just as honest in their purposes and inten-
tions, and their consciences just as free from
wrong and crime, as the consciences of those
who enlisted under the banner of the Union
believing they were right and waged the war
to suppress the rebellion. Until the mind is
convicted of wrong the conscience cannot have
any reflection with reference to that which is
held to be wrong by others. People must be
taught to know what wrong is before they can
feel any compunctions of conscience. The
man who feels that slavery was right can never
have any such compunctions with reference to
the institution of slavery. Was slavery, then,
right ?
This question can only be of importance to
those who believe slavery wrong in the abstract
and without divine sanction or recognition.
For the consideration of all such I submit the
following from the Bible:
When Lot, Abraham's brother, was cap-
tured at the battle of the Kings, in the valley
of Siddim, ii is said:
"And when Abraham heard that his brother was
taken captive, he armed his trained servants, born
in his own house, three hundred and eighteen, and
pursued them unto Ban." — Genesis, chapter It,
verse It.
Again, when Sarah had dealt hardly with
Ilagar, her servant, and Hagar had left, it is
said that an angel of the Lord appeared and
said unto her;
" Return to thy mistress, and submit thyself under
her haods."—Genesis, chapter 16, verse 9.
Again, we have the following as a law given
to the Israelites:
"Both thy bondmen, and thy bondmaids,which
thou shalt have, shall be of the heathen that are
round about you, ot them shall ye buy bondmen and
bondmaids. Moreover, of the children of the stran-
gers that do sojourn among you, of them shall ye
buy, yud of their families that are with you, which
they begat in your land: and they shall bo your
possesion. And ye shall take them as an inherit-
ance for your children after you, to inherit them
for a possession; they shall be your bondmen for-
ever.''—Lectticus, chapter '25, verses 44, 45, and 46.
And upon this subject we further find that
not only strangers could be bought and made
slaves of, under what we call the Jewish econ-
omy, but the Israelites themselves could be
sold into slavery, and when thus sold they
were compelled to serve until the jubilee next
succeeding their enslavement; and even then.
iji certain cases, if they did not wish to leave
their masters, holes were bored through their
ears and they were made slaves forever. (Kx-
odus, chapter 26, verse 1-6.)
In addition to that, we find in the New
Testament Scriptures many injunctions to ser-
vants to obey their masters, and to masters to
be kind to their servants. And we have a
notable instance in the case of Paul returning
Onesimus, an escaped slave, to his master
again. (Epistle of Paul to Philemon.)
Now, if there is one fact clear to my mind
it is that the Scriptures recognize the institu-
tion of slavery. And the only difference be-
tween myself and many of those who are advo-
cates of the institution is, that I never have
believed, I do not believe now, and I never ex-
pect to believe, that the slavery of the Bible
is confined to any particular race, black or
white: I believe it is general; and the idea that
the black people of this country were slaves
! because of a earse pronounced upon their fore-
fathers, I never could tolerate. Now, while
that is true, it is nevertheless the fact that the
Old and New Testament Scriptures do recog-
nize the institution of slavery.
Then, not only did the southern people have
the custom of their forefathers, not only did
they have the fact that every State in this
Union at one time, save one, tolerated
slavery before them, but they had the sanc-
tion of divine Writ for the institution they
then held and had in their midst.
Now, I hold that slavery, having the sane-
j tion not only of divine but of political law, it
! was a question with that people to determine
I whether their rights were jeopardized ; and,
| relying upon that great law of self-defense and
{ the right of revolution that all people adhere
! to, it was for them to determine when they
! should exercise it. This they did. honestly,
; as I believe : but, as I also believe, without
; just cause. Their bravery, and the sacridces
| they made, attest their honesty and sincerity.
I Should not these facts mitigate their offense
| and soften our feelings toward them ?
i It is said by some that they cannot sit in the
i councils of the nation with such great rebels
| and traitors as Jefferson Davis, Breckinridge,
^Toombs, and others. I cannot seenpon what
I this is founded. It looks to me more like a
; matter of prejudice and passion than anything
1 else. I cannot see how we can make a law
admitting into this House those who have been
guiity of treason against the Government, and
refuse admittance to Jefferson Davis, Breck-
inridge, Toombs, and others. I cannot see by
what process of reasoning or logic such a con-
elusion can be reached, or upon what it is
based. If one is guilty of treason so are the
others, and yet such men are admitted to this
floor by the dozen. This shows that itcannot be
a question of principle, but of prejudice, that
prompts to such a course.
I weil remember the great respect and re-
gard entertai tied for Robert E. Lee at the close
of the rebellion by the Union element of the
country, and even by the soldiers who had
fought under the Union flag. I well know
how, even to this day, they as it were cherish
the memory of Stonewall Jackson. Yet. while
Robert E. Lee. withhisartilleryand machinery
of war. destroyed the lives of hundreds and
thousandsofour Union soldiers,Jefferson Davis
was sitting as a civil officer at the head of his
government, andnever, perhaps, destroyed the
life of one. So with Stonewall Jackson—a
man than whom the soldiers and officers of our
Army would rather have met any other. Yet
these men can be respected and appreciated
while Davis, Breckinridge, Toombs, and others
are derided and denounced because they hap-
pened to hold civil positions in the rebel gov-
ernment.
Who was the more dangerous to the rebel-
lion, Lincoln as civil magistrate, or Grant as
the commander of the Union Army?
If we look at the enormity of the crime, if
we look at the offense that was committed, if
we look at the injury done to our people and
our Government, if we look at the great ex-
pense entailed upon our Government and the
destruction to our soldiery by Robert E. Lee
and those who fought under him, it appears
to me his crime, as compared with that of J effer-
son Davis, Breckinridge, and Toombs is as a
mountain to a mule hill. Yet those who were
in arms against the Government and doing us
the greatest injury we can take to our embrace
and surround with our sympathies, while we
repulse and drive from our presence those who
were the civil functionaries of the confederate
government. I cannot see any reason for this
distinction and discrimination ; and it is to be
hoped that parties here will unite before the
close of the session and pass a bill wiping oat
all distinction on account of the rebellion, and
making'• all men equal before the law." Then,
Mr. Speaker, we shall have a republican Gov-
ernment in form, and the grand mission of
those who have enlisted under the banner of
"freedom and the equality of nil men before
the law" will have been consummated.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker,
I had not expected to say anything upon this
occasion; but I am not satisfied that the senti-
| ments which have fallen from my colleague
: [Mr. Blair] shall go to the House and the
| country as a reflection of the views of any class
i of people in the State I have the honor in part
. to represent. I do not believe, Mr. Speaker,
I that in the great State of Missouri—a State
i that was torn to tatters by the rebellion, a
| State which has required the efforts of an ener-
i getic and determined people to place it again
j on the road to peace and prosperity—I do not
: believe there is in that State to-day more than
| one man who would be willing to avow upon the
; flooroftbe American Congress sentiments such
| as have fallen from my colleague to-day. and
I believe that one man is the distinguished
gentleman who has just addressed you. You
! cannot go to either the Democratic or Repub-
, lican party of that State to-day and find any
man who is willing to stand before the country
! and the world and justify the enormity, the
■ crime, the degradation and wickedness con-
nected with the system of American slavery
as it existed before the war. Y"et we find the
I gentleman here to day going back even to Holy
Writ for the purpose of justifying the system
of slavery which existed here.
Why, I thought that the party wiih whom
he has lately commenced to act were asking
us on this side of the House that we should
forget all these things. We have tried to for-
get them. We are forgetting them, except-
ing the lingering remains of crime, which are
the legitimate outgrowth of that institution of
slavery. There i> no other nvm in this Hon-e.
whether he sits on that sidp or this, who would
think for a moment of ju t dying hum-in slavery
as it was in America, justifying an institution
which was anomalous as connected with a
Government which proclaimed itself to he a
Government instituted for the protection of
the rights of all men—a Governm'-u: founded
upon that immortal principle which declared
all men were free and equal. Why, botti
political parties in this country, as 1 under-
stand it, are willing to acknowledge, they
are daily acknowledging, that slavery was
a crime, that iff was a great wickedness, that
it did so warp and degenerate and draw a-side
from the path of duty the minds of the south-
ern people as to place them in direct hostil-
ity to our Government. They alt concede
that, and the. gentleman is the firs' member
of this House who lists been widinsr to put
himself upon the record as justifying that
institution of slavery ; or, to put, it as mildly
as possible, of apologizing for it.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is not this sentiment
which is most obnoxious to the people of my
State, though it grated so harshly on lb** i-ara of
the members of this House when it was uttered
by the gentleman, lie a«kg the quest on. was
it any greater crime for Americans to rebel in
tnis country against the American Government
than for our forefathers to rebel against the
