236
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 15,
Senate.
Senator from, North Carolina-^Mr. Thurman.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
particular cases, and by the hundred, too, that
such persons are eligible to election, and that
it' tbeir disabilities be removed, then they can
take and hold the office.
4. Again, in England numerous decisions
had settled the law. The Senator from Wis-
consin said it had been settled for three hun-
dred years. I do not care about going into
the chronology to know whether that state-
ment was perfectly exact or not, but it was
well settled in England that in elections of the
kind that have been referred to, if the voter
knowingly cast his vote for a disqualified man,
that vote would be rejected. Every voter,
therefore, casting his vote for a disqualified
man, knowing him to be so, knew that the
minority man would be seated, and therefore
he might be held to have assented to the seat-
ing of that minority man. But no such thing
was known to the General Assembly of North
Carolina. They had no right to think any
such thing, for from the very foundation of this
Government down to this day, at least from
1793 down to this day, there is an unbroken
chain of cases in both Houses of Congress
against the idea of seating a minority man,
while there is not one single instance from the
foundation of the Government to this day in
which a minority man has been seated in either
branch of Congress on the ground that the
man who received a majority of the votes was
a disqualified person.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me
to ask a question, and I ask it really for in-
formation, not by way of attempting to criticise
his argument? He has made one point on the
fourteenth constitutional amendment which I
do not remember to have ever heard before.
If I understand him, he holds that that amend-
ment is a provision which disqualifies oue
from holding an office, not from being elected
to office. The question I wish to ask is, whether
the Senator holds that a majority of votes given
for a person disqualified under that provision
of the Constitution constituted an election
under which the person so chosen can prevent
another election, although he is not permitted
by a removal of the disqualification to take his
seat?
Mr. THURMAN. I will explain that pres-
ently more at laige. 1 can answer at once
that the elecdon being simply voidable, is per-
fectly i'a'al to General Abbo't's claim. The
man who has received the majority of the
votes, the disqualified man. has a title to the
office which is voidable, and his title is avoided
whenever Congress refuses to remove his dis-
abilities and ibe House to which he is elected
reiuses to seat him.
Mr. HOWE. I am not talking about the
effect ot that idea upon Mr. Abbott, the
claimant; but what was the effect of that,
election upon Mr. Vance? How long could
he hoid under that election?
Mr. 1HURMAN. Upon that I am perfectly
frank to say that my own jjdgment is contrary
to thi- p'acnoe of both Houses. I think they
have been more liberal than the law properly
would warrant. My own opinion is that the
man must have his disabilities removed be-
fore ihe term for which he was elected com-
mences ; and if not removed before that time,
the cilice is vacant, the election is avoided.
In other words, the rule adopted by the unan-
imous vote of the Setiale in Shields's case
applies to these cases. That is 1113' own judg-
m«nt, and therefore 1 have thought from the
first, and moved in the Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections, that General Vance's
disabilities not having been removed by the
tirat; his term commenced, the office had be-
come vacant. That is my own judgment, bat
the pract.ee has been otherwise, for we have
removed disabilities again and again to allow
men to take their seats, although the removal
was after the term of office commenced.
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to ask a
question.
Mr. THURMAN. I would rather go on.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You do not mean to say
that the Senate has done anything of that
kind?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir, the Senate has
done it, as I will show before I get through. I
confess that in my judgment it was erroneous.
Whether or not it is a precedent that ought to
be binding, I do not undertake to say. It is
not material in this case, for Governor Vance
is out of it entirely. Whatever claim he had
he resigned, and therefore he is not before the
Senate at all. Indeed, his credentials were
never presented to the Senate.
5. Again, here is another thing that the
Legislature of North Carolina had a right to
know—and that distinguishes this case from
the Englifli cases—and that is, that the weight
of judicial decision in the United States is de-
cidedly against the claim of a minority man to
an election. That is an element wholly want-
ing in the English cases. In England the entire
current of decisions was that the minority
man could have the seat. In America the de
cided weight of judicial opinion, in fact every
case but one decided by a supreme court, is
against the pretensions of the minority candi-
date; and that the Legislature of North Caro-
lina had a right to look at and to build their
expectations upon, when they voted for Mr.
Y ance.
6. In the next place, the usage in North
Carolina in elections by the Legislature has
always been to count blanks. This fact was
stated by Mr. Badger in his very able speech
on the Yulee case, and never has been con-
troverted. No one was better informed than
he, and he staied to the Senate in the debate
on that case that in his own State (North
Carolina) the usage had always been to count
blanks, and when the blanks were in a major-
ity, they prevented an election. That being
the usage in that State, the Legislature might
well suppose that the utmost penalty inflicted
upon them would be that the votes for Vance-
should be counted as blanks, and therefore,
according to the usage in that State, there
would be anew election.
7. Again, the act of Congress regulating
the election of Senators is wholly repugnant
to the idea of a minority man being elected.
Here is another element in this case that is
totally wanting in the English cases.
Here, then, are no less than six or seven
important, nay, almost every one of them con-
clusive elements in this case, not one of which
was in the English cases; and yet it is con-
tended that the Senate of the United States is to
disregard the first principle of republican gov-
ernment, and seat a man who did not receive
one third of the votes of the Legislature, upon
the doctrine of the English cases, when those
cases and the case before us stand on wholly
different foundations.
Why, sir, my learned and able friend, the
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter,]
when he argued the other day, reminded me
of an old school-boy exercise which used to
be given to us to show how dangerous it is
to omit any of the elements of a problem when
we undertake to argue upon it. He will re-
member as well as I how we used to prove
that a man is a goose ; and if you will only
eliminate a few of the elements of the prob-
lem, and confine yourself to the fact that they
each have four limbs, two nostrils, one mouth,
one stomach, both eat food, and both digest,
and so on, and leave out the fact that the one
has a soul and the other has not, that, the one
has feathers and the other has not, and so on—
leave out these elements of difference—and you
may easily enough prove that a man is a goose.
The Senator from Wisconsin made his argu-
ment upon altogether too narrow a founda-
tion. He left out the decisive elements that
enter into the problem, and taking only a
part of them, based his argument upon that
part. Why, sir, between the case now before
us and the English cases there is but one fact
in common, and in that the conformity is only
partial. What is that fact ? The only fact in
common between the two cases is that the
majority man was a disqualified person, and
that the voters knew him to be disqualified.
But that fact is one common to them in a mod-
ified form only, for in England the disqualifi-
cation was one that the elector knew would
not be removed, and in this case it was one
which the elector had every reason in the
world to believe would be removed. In the
English cases the elector knew that the man
was disqualified in effect to be elected ; here
the General Assembly of North Carolina
knew no such thing, but knew exactly the
reverse, that he was qualified to be elected,
and that if his disabilities were removed, then
he would be entitled to take his seat. So
that there is not one single fact in the Eng-
lish cases and in this case that is common to
them both in its full length and breadth.
They are no precedents whatsoever for giving
this seat to General Abbott.
Mr. President, I propose now to go over
some of the points of difference I have men-
tioned, and 1 will do so as briefly as I can.
In the first place, I need say nothing upon the
fact that the Constitution which imposes this
disability provides for its removal. We all
know that. But now I come to the question
(and upon this I beg the attention of the Sen-
ators who are present) that the disqualification
imposed by the amendment is a disqualification
to hold the office, and not a disqualification
to be elected to it, from which it necessarily
results that the election is only voidable and
is not void ; and unless it is void, it will not
be pretended that General Abbott has any
claim to a seat. Let us first understand the
difference between eligibility to election and
eligibility to hold the office. To show that
this distinction exists and is embodied in our
very constitutions themselves I refer first to
the Constitution of the United States, which
provides that no person who has not attained
the age of thirty years shall be a Senator. A
person must be thirty years of age before he
can "be a Senator ; but he is eligible to election
before he is thirty years of age, and if he be
come of that age before his term commences,
he has a perfect legal right to the office. The
same, thing may be said of a Representative.
"No person shall be a Representative who
shall not have attained the age of twenty-five,"
says the Constitution, but he may be elected
before he is twenty-five. So you see that the
eligibility to election .and the eligibility to
hold the office are quite different things.
Again, no person shall be a Senator who has
not been nine years a citizen of the United
States. The Constitution prevents it. But
he may be elected before he has been nine
years a citizen, and if the nine years of his
citizenship shall have expired before his term
of office commences, then, as is admitted on
all hands, he is entitled to the seat. I11 the
same way in respect to a Representative, he
must be seven years a citizen of the United
States^ before he can hold a seat as a Repre-
sentative ; but he maybe elected before the
seven^ years have expired. But in respect to
inhabitancy of the State, no mail can be elected
Senator or Representative unless at the time
of the election he is an inhabitant of the
State. There is a disqualification to be elected.
I have shown you the case of a man under
thirty yeurs elected a Senator, of a Represent-
ative elected before he was twenty-live, of a
foreign-born man not, nine years a citizen
elected to the Senate, or not seven years a
citizen elected to the House of Representa-
