2976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
information which was called for on the 22d
of February, and communicated on the 10th
of April, printed before this time, especially
as a response of eighty-four printed pages
from the President of the United States, as to
affairs in the southern States, communicated
on the 19th of April, has been printed for
several days. It looks queerly at least.
Now, a word with regard to a statement that
fellfrom the honorable Senatorfrom Vermont,
in which he said that he or I or anybody else
could have gone to the Navy Department and
have ascertained by examining the books just
what this resolution called for. That may be
true, so far as the amount goes, but I say to
the honorable Senator from Vermont that such
an examination would not have shown me the
authority or law under which these sales had
been made, and the legality of such sales was
ah important and pertinent a part of the in-
quiry as the amount of money for which the
vessels and naval stores were sold.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is true, but the
Senator could find the authority in the statute,
because I can point him to a statute which
gives a discretionary authority to the Secretary
of the Navy and which was exercised by the
former Secretary, Mr. Welles, which led to
one of the investigations that were alluded to
a little while ago.
Mr. STEVENSON. I want to hear from
the Secretary of the Navy himself the author-
ity under which these sales were made. I
know that sales have been made by some of
the Departments without authority ; sales of
millions of dollars of property have taken
place without authority of law, and when the
proper occasion comes I pledge myself to
show it. I think, therefore, gentlemen of the
dominant party ought not to complain that we
are a little skeptical when $850,000,000 have
been spent by the Navy Department,; and yet,
as my honorable friend upon the Naval Com-
mittee [Mr. Stockton] tell us, that notwith-
standing this gigantic expenditure we have
to-day no Navy ! Thirty-six vessels, some of
them old and miserable affairs, and in case
of war wholly unsuited for service, are all we
have to show for $350,000,000. 1 believe that
some of the very best of these thirty-six ves-
sels were built in 18U1. Can Republican Sen-
ators blame us for desiring to inquire into the
details of this expenditure of $1150,000,000 by
a single Department, and for which there is
nothing to show?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator from Kentucky allow me to ask him a
question?
Mr. STEVE-NSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
has several times stated that we have spent
within the last ten years $350,000,000, aiid yet
have no Navy now to show for it. I desire to
ask him if we had not been cursed with a rebel-
lion, and had spent that amount on the Navy,
he thinks wc would not to-day have had some-
thing to show for it?
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not suppose the
rebellion can cover illegal malappropriations
of public money. I do not think'the rebellion
is a valid excuse tor the profligate waste of
the people's money. I know the rebellion is
the vail used by Republican leaders to cover
up everything. The Supreme Court is not
now safe from Republican legislative usurpa-
tion. That high tribunal cannot make a de-
cision that the Republican majority ot this
Senate does not attempt to strike at its in-
dependence by crying, "rebel!" "rebel!"
They seek to destroy the prerogative of that
coordinate, independent department of this
Government, which the founders of the Con-
stitution clothed with the power to pass upon
the validity of laws of Congress ; and the Sen-
ator from Vermont is the first, of his party to
rise and offer an amendment to a deficiency
bill to strike at that tribunal, to render nuga-
tory one of its decisions; and when we raise
our humble voices to protest against so ruth-
less an assault upon the court and so palpa-
ble a violation of the Constitution, we are
met with the cry " rebels" and "rebellion."
The honorable Senator seems to think that
rebels have no constitutional rights. I am
sick and tired of this inhuman persecution
of brave men, whatever their errors. 1 thank
God that the people everywhere are awaken-
ing to the danger to their constitutional rights
and freedom which the usurpations of the
dominant party are constantly undermining,
and which, when exposed and brought to light,
are attempted to be concealed and justified
by rekindling the embers of our past conflict
by efforts to keep alive the prejudice against
''rebels" and "rebellion." You have, Repub-
lican Senators, exhausted this senseless cry.
You must now answer for the wasteful expendi-
ture of millions of money ; you are about lo be
arraigned by the people for your maladmin-
istration dining the twelve years that you
have held the unrestricted sway of the Govern-
ment ; and I give you warning to-day that the
cry of rebel will not save you. You may well
tremble at the signs of the times. " Coming
events cast their shadows before." The peo-
ple, Republicans and Democrats, honest men
everywhere, are aroused to corruption, embez-
zlement, and wasteful expenditure, and believe
that you cannot escape longer this responsibil-
ity by attempting to cry "rebels'' and ■'rebel-
lion.''
Mr. COLE. 1 rise for the purpose of mak-
ing a motion which 1 think will be very agree-
able to the Senate in this stage of the conaid-
eration of the bill. The debate iias run on
II now something over four hours, and has been
confined pretty closely, more so than usual, to
the real substance of the bill under considera-
tion, and I have not thought it right, exactly
to check it by asking the Senate lo adopc the
live-minutes rule before this time: but now, as
it is late in the day, 1 move I hat the debate bo
confined to live minutes on this and other
amendments.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pom-
buoy in the chair.) This motion must be
decided without debate. The Senator from
California moves that the debate on this arid
other amendments to this bill be confined to
five minutes.
Mr. STOCKTON. If I am not mistaken,
the question before the Senate is the motion
ot the Senator from Kentucky to lay the bill
on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood that motion to be withdrawn.
Mr, STOCKTON. 1 understood the Sen-
ator from Kentucky to make that, motion.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 did make it, and
only withdrew it, temporarily.
Mr. S 10CK TON. My object is to simplify
this matter, and I hope the Senator from
California will allow me to make a suggestion.
I do not think the Senator from Kentucky will
persist in this motion if I can explain to him
in one minute how this matter stands.
This appropriation bill contains nothing but
the ordinary appropriations for the Navy, its
current expenses, to pay the salaries of the offi-
cers of the Navy, and pay the workmen, and I
understand the chairman of the committee to
say the bill is $2,000,000 less than it was last
year. Unfortunately for the progress of the bill
some gentleman took occasion, it matters not
who, 1 do not remember who, on an amend-
ment of $200, to make some remarks, and I
thought myself it was a good occasion to express
to the Senate my views, which 1 had often ex-
pressed in the Naval Committee, in reference
to the condition of the Navy ; and that led to
a long debate. Finally, I was out of the Sen-
ate Chamber for a few moments, and when I
came back I found that gentlemen were dis-
cussing the Secor claim.
In that state of things I appeal to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky not to embarrass the
progress of a bill that every Senator is for, in
proper shape, on account of the debate that
has grown up on this amendment. I appeal
to him to withdraw his motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Kentucky was withdrawn
Ion? ago.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am the last man to
embarrass the public business. I trust I have
none of the spirit of a factionist about me. I
have no disposition to embarrass the progress
of this bill, and still less to keep the Navy out
of their appropriations. I should not have -
made the motion but that the honorable Sen- :
ator from California, chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, said he had heard
no motion made to wait until this information
was received. I in good faith, therefore, made
the motion in order to get at the report of the
Secretary of the Navy detailing to us the in-
formation which he tiad been asked to give ;
but at the suggestion of my honorable friend
from New Jersey, who is on the Naval Com-
mittee, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. COLE. Now I renew my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The motion
of the Senator from California is before the
Senate, that the debate on this amendment and
on further amendments to this bill be confined
to five minules by each Senator.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I regret that my col-
league saw fit to make that motion at this
time. A great, deal of speaking has been done
upon one side: one side of the question has
been discussed. Gentlemen of eminence in
the majority here, and some of them of emi-
nence m a sphere where eminence is not so
easily won, that is at the bar, have confidently
declared their opinions of the construction of
these two acts of Congress. Mr. President,
some time ago, in the Si ate of California, I
had occasion to examine those two laws for
the purpose of giving a professional opinion.
1 then, with no party motive to actuate me in
the slightest degree, came to a certain conclu-
sion, which 1 gave to my clients. The ex-
treme confidence with which the Senator from - "
Vermont and the Senator from New York
announce a totally different opinion and ab-
solve the Secretary of the Navy from any, the
slightest fault in his action in this matter, not
only absolve him but justify and eulogize him,
induces me once more to look at those two
statutes with care. I did look at them, be-
cause I am not so confident of my own opin-
ions as to suppose I might, not be mistaken
when two gentlemen like the Senator from
Vermont and the Senator from New York,
and with his permission I will add to them a
third, the Senator from New Jersey farthest
from me, [Mr. Frelixghuysen.] I say I am
not so arrogant as to put my opinion against
theirs so confidently declared as it has been
over and over again in this body. It will not
be practicable for me in the limit of five min-
utes to say what I have to say upon these two
statutes.
1'nends suggest that I can move to amend
by a letter or a word, i shall not do that;
without finding any fault with those who do,
I prefer to comply with the rule while it is in
force. I shall take occasion, when the bill
comes to its passage, and in the discussion of
the bill at large, to state what I understand to
be the true construction ot these two statutes.
I do not agree with the Senators of whom I
have spoken, and my amazement is that they
could so confidently declare the opinion which
they have declared here over and over.
Mr. CALDWELL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. RICE. Before that motion is put, I ask
to offer an amendment to this bill, which I
want printed and referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. It will be <
printed and referred.
Mr. COLE. I ask leave to make one re-
mark only. :
