2080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 1,
But it is very certain that there is nothing in
the nature and extent of the commerce of the
State of North Carolina to warrant the estab-
lishment of more than one judicial district in
that State, one district having in the past
been found quite sufficient.
I would suggest to the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Peters] that the principle upon
which this bill is based, if applied to the Fed-
eral judiciary of other States, would require
the formation of many additional judicial dis-
tricts. An effort was made during the last
Congress to form a third judicial district in
the State of Ohio. The measure was clearly
unnecessary. It passed the House, but failed
to pass the Senate. In these courts the busi-
ness has accumulated under the present inter-
nal revenue laws, but that increase is only
temporary, and in a very short time the busi-
ness of the Federal courts will not be so great.
The only object to be served by increasing tbe
number of these courts is to furnish offices for
gentlemen who desire to be provided for.
Mr. PETERS. This bill has received tbe
approval of tbe Committee on the Judiciary,
and every member from North Carolina, ou
both sides of politics, approves of it. The
committee have not favored these bills gener-
ally. There have been a large number of such
applications before the committee. This is
the only one they have favored so far. North
Carolina has but one judicial district. She has
an immense territory, and an immense busi-
ness; and the committee have been satisfied
that the whole circumstances fully justify the
passage of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit to the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Peters] that it is manifest
that the business of these courts will from this
time diminish instead of increase.
Mr. PETERS. I think there is no doubt
that the Federal business is rapidly increasing
in all of these courts.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. Amotion to suspend the
rules is not debatable.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope tbe bill will not be
passed.
The question was on suspending the rules
and passing the bill; and being taken, there
were—ayes 93, noes 27 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Peters wei-e appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 110, noes 23.
Air. HOLMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays. This is a bill creating another officer
with a large salary.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended, and the bill (H. R. No.
2192) was passed.
CHEROKEE TREATY 01'' 1866
Mr. AVERILL. 1 move that the rules be
suspended, and that the bill (H. R. No. 1496)
to carry out certain provisions of the Cherokee
treaty of 1866, and for the relief of settlers on
th'e Cherokee lands in the State of Kansas, be
passed.
Mr. COX. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say in regard
to this bill that while I am not prepared to
express any positive opinion, either for or
against it. 1 would like to examine it. The
motion of the gentleman, as I understand it,
will come up the first thing after the morn-
ing hour on Monday next. I hope he will not
press it to-night, but will give way to a motion
to adjourn.
Mr. AVERILL. I would simply say that
this bill is in accordance with tbe wishes of the
Department of; the Inierior, and has been
thoroughly examined and considered by the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
DISTRICT Of COLOMBIA AFFAIRS.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, presented the petitions of sun-
dry citizens, residents and property-holders of
the District of Columbia, who hold no office,
and are not interested in any contracts, that
th'e pending investigation of the Board of Pub-
lic Works and government of the District of
Columbia may be terminated, in order that the
Board of Public Works may proceed with the
improvements in the District of Columbia ;
which was referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
INCOME TAX.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 2190) to abolish the
income tax ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COX. I will waive my motion to allow
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations to make a motion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to pro-
ceed to business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. McNEELY. I call for the regular
order.
AMNESTY BILL.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent for the Committee on the
Judiciary to report an amnesty bill at any time.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none.
Mr. MAYNARD. I renew the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular
order.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise for the purpose
of asking to have a limitation put on the re-
port of the Judiciary Committee, so that its
right to report at any time shall apply to only
one bill. I do not want them to have the
privilege of reporting all the time. I want to
confine the right to one bill.
The SPEAKER The Chair cannot go back
to make a qualification
Mr. ELDREDG-E. I rose in time to make
the point, and I wish to know if the leave
granted by the House to the Judiciary Commit-
tee to report at any time would cover more
than one bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would rule,
and the gentleman will pardon the Chair for
the remark which he made earlier in the day,
that some time since the Judiciary Committee
were instructed, and are in process of con-
sidering, the names of all persons seeking
amnesty.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I know that to be the
fact; but I do not want the committee to report
piecemeal.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to break
up the practice of having a general scramble,
if he may be allowed the expression, for the
floor on Monday afternoon for this purpose.
Therefore, he desires that the Committee on
the Judiciary may be allowed the right to report
an amnesty bill at any time. The Chair appre-
hends there will be no great trouble about the
matter if that right shall be given the com-
mittee.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. There may
be great trouble, for it will give the Judiciary
Committee the command of the floor at any
time.
The SPEAKER. Well, if the gentleman
greatly fears that, the House can on any
Monday suspend the rules and take from the
committee that privilege. But the Chair does
not apprehend anything of the kind, but be-
lieves it will result in a great saving of the
time of the House.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. When I
yielded to the general consent asked, I sup-
posed it was to give the committee the right
to report one bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair never wishes
gentlemen to be deceived in regard to an
understanding, and will again submit the
question as a suspension of the rules.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What is the
question ?
The SPEAKER The Chair was about to
state it. It is that the rules shall be so sus-
pended as to allow the Committee on the Judi-
ciary to report at any time they may choose an
amnesty bill or bills, it being understood that
should this proposition prevail a suspension of
the rules on Monday afternoon for any such
purpose will not hereafter be allowed.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask for a division of
the question.
The SPEAKER That is not in order.
Mr. RANDALL. There are two questions
presented to the House.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not divisible. And the Chair an-
nounces that should the pending proposition
prevail, he will positively decline to recognize
any gentleman on a Monday to move a suspen-
sion of the rules to pass an amnesty bill in an
individual case.
Mr. RANDALL. May I be allowed to ask
why the Chair will do that?
The SPEAKER. Because the Chair will
regard it as an intimation of the House that in
so doing he will be carrying out the will of the
House.
Mr. ELDREDGE. According to the con-
struction which I now understand the Chair
to put upon the proposition submitted to the
House, we are called upon to vote to give the
Judiciary Committee the right to report at any
time any number of bills. Now, I presume
there is no difference of opinion in regard to
allowing the Committee on the Judiciary to
report at any time one bill; I believe that
would meet with the unanimous approval of
the House.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. There is no
objection to that.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Now I desire that all
the names shall be put in the one bill that the
Committee on the Judiciary shall be authorized
to report.
The SPEAKER. That is a matter for the
discretion of the committee.
Mr. ELDREDGE. It is time that full and
general amnesty was granted, and I think that
was the purpose of the suggestion that the com-
mittee be authorized to report at any time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. When I
made the proposition I had in my mind only
one bill. But it may require a bill of more
than otje section, because there are quite a
number of names iu former bills that have to
be changed.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I do not care how many
sections there may be in the one bill.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. -Butler] wish his propo-
sition to be understood as referring to one bill
only?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That was
my intention. -
Mr. BECK. The proposition of the gentle-
man is to give the Committee on the Judiciary
the right at any time to report an amnesty bill.
Does he mean by that a bill for the removal
of disabilities oniy, or does he mean to em-
brace such a bill as he reported last Congress,
as the chairman of the Committee on Recon-
struction, with pains and penalties?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I can-
not answer, because I am not the committee;
if I were, I would tell the gentleman. I am
only one of the committee, and what I had in
mind when 1 made the proposition was a bill
for the removal of disabilities.
Mr. COGHLAN. I supposed that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary had the whole power
over this amnesty question. Now, if this reg-
ulation is made, cannot the Committee oti the
Judiciary, by refusing to report any bill, pre-
vent any amnesty bill from passing the House?
The SPEAKER. It would be in the power
of the House to instruct the committee to rc
port a bill; and the gentleman will please
observe that that power can be exercised by a
suspension of the rules, and the same vote,
two thirds, which is required to pass a bill
removing the disabilities of a single person.
