1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1185
Secretary of the Treasury upon the subject, in
which he says:
" I therefore thinlc that Congress may very prop-
erly authorize the register asked for."
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Why should this
case be taken out of the ordinary rule ?
Mr. MAYNARD. If the communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury is not a.
long one, I -would like to have it read, for it
will answer as a report in this case.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am anxious to have it
read, for it slates the grounds upon which this
joint resolution is reported favorably by the
committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Washington, D. C., M'ebruary 8,1872.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of
your letter of the 1st instant, transmitting certain
papers, asking Congress for authority to issuo Amer-
ican register to the British brig Isadore, with the
request that i will furnish your committee with the
facts in my possession, together with any suggestions
as to the propriety of granting American registry to
this vessel under a new name,
i reply that the statement submitted by the papers
in the case shows that this vessel is of American
build, but was placed under the British fluff, then
under the Haytien, then again under the British,
which flag she still heists. Her present owner is
Edwin M. Fowle, of Boston, an American citizen,
who has twice had her extensively repaired in this
country.
The collector of the port of Boston reports that
Mr. Bowie has in his possession, and produced the
protest of the master, the survey, and the receipted
bills for repairs made. He made an affidavit, which
1 herewith transmit, that the vessel aa she lay in a
wrecked condition in the harbor of Charleston, m
November, 1870, did not exceed in value $1,000, while
the repairs appear to have amounted to $5,19B 70.
X may further add that there does not appear to
have been any collusion with the various owners ot
this vessel, and that her present owner became pos-
sessed of her and repaired her in good faith.
Had the vessel been foreign-built, and wrecked and
repaired as she was, she would be entitled to Amer-
ican registry under the act of 23d December, 1852. I
therefore think that Congress may very properly
authorize the register asked tor.
The papers are returned herewith.
Very respectfully,
GEO. s. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. S. Shellabarger,
Chairman House Committee on Commerce,
The SPEAKER. The Chair would sug-
gest that this joint resolution should be
changed into a bill; otherwise, it will be re-
turned from the Senate.
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly. It has been
so long the custom to have joint resolutions
of this character that it is difficult to conform
to the new form required.
The joint resolution (changed to House bill
No. 1669) was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bridges across the ohio river.
* Mr. HOLMAN. I hold in my hand a bill
which I am instructed by the Committee on
Commerce to report with sundry amendments.
I am not advised whether it will be regarded
as in all respects a private bill; but it is a
measure of great importance. It is a bill
(H. R. No. 827) to authorize the construction
of bridges across the Ohio river and to pre-
scribe the dimensions of the same.
Mr. PACKER. I rise to a point of crder,
that this is a general bill changing the law of
1802 regulating bridges across the Ohio and
Mississippi rivers.
Mr. HOLMAN. It may possibly be re-
garded as a public bill; but early action upon
it is a matter of very great moment, and I
trust the point of order,will not be pressed.
The committee propose several amendments
to the bill, which is in pursuance of a previous
act of Congress, and a report from the chief
of engineers. Its passage is a matter of great
public concern, and I trust no objection will be
made. I will say further, that there are now
42d Coxa. 2d Sess.—No. 75.
pending before the committee four bills author-
izing bridges across the Ohio river; and all
these are of course private bills. Instead of
reporting these the Committee on Commerce
desire to have this bill passed in conformity
with the views of the chief of engineers.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the objection will be
withdrawn. This is simply a bill to execute
the prayer of memorials of private parties for
leave to build bridges on the Ohio river. It
comes possibly in a general form; but it is in
pursuance of memorials already presented. I
presented one myself.
Mr. PACKER. There are a number of
private bills pending before the Committee
on Railways and Canals wliieh are affected
by the general principles of this bill. That
committee has been considering this ques-
tion, and is ready to report upon some of
those bills. The principal provisions of this
bill will very materially affect the bills that
are to be reported by the Committee on Rail-
ways and Canals.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman insists
upon the point of order, the committee cannot
report this bill upon private bill day. It is
clearly public legislation. Reports of a pri-
vate nature are in order from the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must, then, seek an
opportunity to present this bill when this ob-
jection cannot be made. It is recommended
by the War Department as a measure of press-
ing necessity, and has the unanimous concur-
rence of the Committee on Commerce. I ask
that the committee have unanimous consent
to report the bill at this time for the purpose
merely of being recommitted, and, -with the
amendments, printed.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
that order will be made.
There was no objection.
schooner lois.
Mr. CONGER. The Committee on Com-
merce have instructed me to report back, with
a recommendation that it pass, a bill (H. R.
No. 035) to change the name of the schooner
Lois to Sea-Witch. Mr. Speaker, this vessel,
the name of which is proposed to be changed,
is a pleasure-yacht belonging to the Regatta
Yacht Club of New York; and the committee
recommend that the change of name requested
by the owner of this vessel may be permitted
by Congress. The committee have uniformly
refused, and still refuse, to recommend a
change of the name of any commercial vessel,
any steamboat or other vessel engaged in com-
merce; but they see no objection to allowing
a change of the name of a mere pleasure-boat.
Mr. EINKELNBORG. Does it appear in
the bill that this is a pleasure-boat, so that
our action in this case may not be taken as a
precedent for other cases not of the same
kind ?
Mr. CONGER. It does. The vessel is called
the yacht-schooner Lois. I have myself per-
sonally inquired at the Treasury Department
concerning the standing of this boat, and a
statement which I have now in my desk shows
that the vessel is merely a pleasure-yacht,
never having been engaged in any commercial
business, but belonging to the New York
Regatta Club.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I suggest that the
words " pleasure-yacht" be inserted iu the
bill in place of " schooner."
Mr. CONGER. I have no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
that amendment will be made in the bill and
also in the title.
There was no objection.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to address an
inquiry to the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Conger.] The gentleman says that this
schooner is a pleasure-yacht. Does he mean
that she belongs to some recognized yacht
club, or merely that she is a vessel used for
purposes of pleasure?
Mr. CONGER. I mean what I have said;
that this vessel has been built as other vessels of
a like character have been built, to try various
models in order to ascertain which is best, and
is used merely for its sailing qualities as a
pleasuro-yacht, and not at all for comnaercial
purposes.
llr. POTTER. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Michigan to say that it does not
belong to any yacht club? If so, there is
nothing to prevent her being sold by the pres-
ent owner and used for commercial purposes
to-morrow.
Mr. CONGER. The report is that she
belongs to the New York Yacht Club, and
is used only for pleasure purposes.
Mr. POTTER. I shall not object to the
bill reported from the Committee on Com-
merce, but I do think there should be some
general law providing for changing the names
of these vessels belonging to yacht clubs. The
policy of Congress during recent years has
been against the changing of the names of
vessels engaged in commercial purposes or iu
the transportation of passengers. While that
policy adopted by Congress against allowiug
the change of name of such vessels is a wise
one, still I believe there should be some gen-
eral law providing that the names of yachts
belonging to yacht clubs, and exclusively used
for purposes of pleasure, may be changed as
often as their owners pleaso.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CONGER moved to'reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. There being no farther
reports from the Committee on Commerce,
reports of a private nature are in order from
tho Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as the Commit-
tee on Commerce did not expect to be called
this morning, I hope, by unanimous consent,
they will not lose their right to two morning
hours. It was the expectation that tho Com-
mittee of Claims would occupy the whole of
this morning. I ask unanimous consent, in
order that the Committee on Commerce may
have another morning hour, that the morning
hour of this morning shall be considered as
closed.
Mr. HOAR. I object.
thomas is. valentine.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, from
the Committee on the Public Lands, reported
back a bill (H. R. No. 1024) for the relief of
Thomas B. Valentine, with an amendment.
The bill, which was read, provides in the first
section that the ninth circuit court of the
United States, of California, be and is hereby
authorized and required to hear and decide,
upon the merits, the claim of Thomas B. Val-
entine, claiming title, under a Mexican grant
to Juan Miranda, to a place called the Rancho
Arroyo de San Antonio, situate in the county
of Sonoma, and State of California, in the
same manner, and with the same jurisdiction,
as if the claim to tho said tract of land had
been duly presented to the boar,d of land com-
missioners under the provisions of the act en-
titled "An act to ascertain and settle the
private laud clainisin the State of California,"
approved March 3, 1851, and an appeal had
been duly taken from their decision to the dis-
trict court of California by the said Thomas
B. Valentine.
The second section provides that on the
said hearing any testimony heretofore taken
before the said board of commissioners, in
relation to said claim, on behalf of the said
claimant, or of the United States, may be
read, subject to all just exceptions to its com-
petency; and additional testimony, on eithi?
