1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2081
can suspend the rules, and therefore no pos-
sible hardship can result in that way.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to apprise the
House of a difficulty that will result from giving
this power to the committee. We will prac-
tically be putting a lock upon our mouths and
giving the key to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, thereby preventing us from the possi-
bility of removing the disabilities of a single
individual without the consent of that com-
mittee. As suggested by the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. Eldredge,] the resolution of
the House now provides that the committee
shall report but a single amnesty bill.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Under this power.
Mr. RANDALL. We have twice passed a
general amnesty bill and sent it to the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not un-
derstand that this proposition refers to general
amnesty billa, but to bills containing particular
names.
Mr. ELDREDGE. It refers to the bill
which the Judiciary Committee is authorized
to report under the resolution already adopted.
Mr. RANDALL. What is the necessity,
then, of further instruction?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Because
we have not authority to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. This question merely
relates to the right of the committee to report
at any time. The Judiciary Committee can-
not at present report without unanimous con-
sent, except under the regular call.
Mr. RANDALL. But in agreeing to that,
according to the interpretation which the
Speaker puts upon the action of the House,
we deny ourselves the right of suspending the
rules oil Monday to pass bills relieving any
individuals besides those that may be named
in the bill of the committee.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Cannot
the bill which we may report be amended in
the House by adding any name?
Mr. RANDALL. Perhaps it might, but on
the other hand you might call the previous
question and prevent amendments.
Mr. AVEltlLL. 1 object to any further
conversation of this kind.
Mr. KING. I presume that this understand-
ing will not cut off the right to introduce here
bills for the relief of particular individuals ; it
merely provides that the committee may report
upon those bills afier they have been referred.
The SPEAKER. The bill, when reported
by the committee, will be amendable by a ma-
jority vote ; the only two-thirds vote required
will be upon the final passage of the bill. So
that any particular name could be incorporated
by a majority vote.
Mr. COX. Will the House hear me one
moment as to a resolution bearing on this
subject, which I desire to send to the Com-
mittee on the Rules ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Averill] objects to further dis-
cussion. If the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Botler] will now frame his motion
in regard to this matter, the Chair will be very
glad to submit it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent that the Committee on the
Judiciary may have leave to report at any
time a bill for the removal ot disabilities
imposed on any persons by the fourteenth
amendment.
Mr. KING. Does that mean that all the
names shall be reported in one bill?
The SPEAKER. The proposition is a very
simple one.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I think the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts is
right enough.
Mr. WOOD. I wish to say that in my judg-
ment it would be unfortunate if the friends of
amnesty should embarrass this question by
objecting to the very fair proposition of the
gentleman from Massachusetts.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 131.
the proposition of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts that the Committee on the Judiciary
may have leave to report at any time a bill
removing the political disabilities of any num-
ber of persons whom they may choose to in-
clude, and that the bill so reported shall be
in order for consideration at any time ? The
Chair hears no objection, and it is so ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move the
House proceed to business on the Speaker's
table.
Mr. MAYNARD. I believe my motion to
adjourn is pending.
The SPEAKER. If the House should now
adjourn, the motion of the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Averill] will be the first
business in order after the morning hour of
Monday next.
The motion of Mr. Maynard was agreed
to; and accordingly (at four o'clock and
thirty minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BARBER: The petition of Hon. J.
T. Mills and 129 others, citizens of Grant
county, Wisconsin, praying the repeal of the
bankrupt law.
By Mr. BELL: The petition of the widow
and heirs of Alpha Richardson, for authority
to the Commissioner of Patents to extend a
patent.
By Mr. BRAXTON: Thepetitions of Lewis
A. Boggs. E. A. W. Hore, and George W.
Conway, asking to have their political dis
abilities removed.
Also, the petiiion of citizens of Stafford
county, Virginia, asking $1,000 to improve the
navigation of Aquia creek, in the county of
Stafford, Virginia.
By Mr. BUFEINTON: The memorial of
J. & W. R. Wing, of New Bedford, Massachu-
setts, agents and managing owners of the late
American whaling bark Zantbe, of New Bed-
ford, praying to be reimbursed moneys dis-
bursed oti account of shipwrecked seamen.
By Mr. DARRALL: The petition of citizens
of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, for the extension
of the provisions of an act to enforce the
right of citizens to vole in the various States,
approved February 28, 1871, to the whole
State of Louisiana.
By Mr. DOX : The petition of Mrs. Alme D.
Brooks, widow of the late General W. T. H.
Brooks, United States Army, for a pension,
with accompanying papers.
By Mr. DUKE : The petition of James M.
Cobbs, of Lynchburg, Virginia, for the re-
moval of his political disabilities.
By Mr. ELY : The petition of residents of
New York and Brooklyn, to havepublic lands
set apart for actual seitlers.
By Mr. GALLEGOS : The petition of citi-
zens, miners, &c., of Colfax county, New
Mexico, asking relief.
By Mr. HANDLEY: The petition of John
G. Fowler, editor of the Era an d Whig, Ope-
lika, Lee county, Alabama, asking Congress
to place type upon the free list.
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of Joseph
Keener, of Cherokee county, North Carolina,
asking the removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. HAZELTON, of New Jersey : The
petition of workmen in the Gibbstown white
lead and color works, Camden county, New
Jersey, remonstrating against a change of the
tariff laws abolishing existing duties on such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country; also petitioning in favor of admitting
tea and coffee free.
By Mr. HERNDON: The petition of the citi-
zens of east Texas, praying Congress to make
an appropriation for the erection of a suitable
building at Tyler, Texas, for the accommo )a-
tion of the Federal court, post office, and rev-
enue offices.
By Mr. HOLM AN : The petition of George
R. Brumblay, James Skelton, Isaac J. Crontz,
N. S. Given, Sterling A. Martin. John F.
Richards, mayor of the city of Laurensburg,
Indiana, and 220 others, citizens of Laurens-
burg, Indiana, praying the passage of House
bill No. 1738, to increase the pensions of
totally and partially disabled soldiers and sea-
men.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Ann M. Wig-
gins, John M. Saunders, William Chambers,
and 56 others, soldiers and widows of soldiers,
praying for bounty lands without actual set-
tlement for Union soldiers and widows'and
orphans of Union soldiers of the late war,
ami for the equalization of bounties.
By Mr. KERR: The petition of Jabez H.
Nixon, Edwin Alexander, W. P. Booker,
Alexander Carr, George W. Carr, jr., W. L.
Woody, and 45 others, citizens of Jackson
county, Indiana, respectfully and earnestly
asking Congress to preserve inviolate thegreat
guarantees of religious liberty now contained
in the Constitution of the United States, arid to
dismiss all petitions asking Congress to adopt
measures for amending said Constitution by
incorporating in it a recognition of " God as
the source of all authority and power in civil
government," and of " the Lord Jesus Christ
as the Ruler among nations, and His revealed
will as of supreme authority." They protest
against such proposed amendments as an at-
tempt to revolutionize the Government of the
United Slates, and to overthrow the great
principles of religious liberty and the complete
separation of Church and State, on which it
was established by its original founders.
By Mr. LOWE: The petition of D. D. Olive
and others, cigar-makers, citizens of Kansas,
for modification of laws relating to special tax
upon manufacturers of cigars.
By Mr. McCRARY : The petition of Nathan
Morgan, late private company 1, fortieth regi-
ment Iowa volunteers, praying to be allowed
a pension of fifteen dollars per month from the
date of his discharge from service.
By Mr. M1JRCUR: The memorial of James
Macdonald, praying for the passage of a law
making all public land within the Territory of
Colorado lying south of the Arkansas river
subject to sale under the preemption andiiome-
Stead laws.
By Mr. MONROE : The petition of Captain
Fairfax and pthers, officers of the United States
Navy, praying Congress to grant them prize-
money for the destruction of the rebel ram
Arkansas.
By Mr. PLATT: The petition of Abner H.
Robertson late postmaster at Jennings Ordin-
ary, Virginia, praying Congress to reimburse
him for moneys in his possession belonging to
Government, paid over by him at the com-
mencement of the war, and which he has been
compelled to pay again on judgment obtained
in the United States district court of Virginia.
By Mr. SARGENT: The petition of 4,842
citizens of California, praying for the passage
oi a sixtpenth amendment of the Constitution
of the United States, providing that the rights
of citizens to vote shall not be denied or
abridged on account of sex.
By Mr. SEELEY: The patition of citizens
of New York, to allow soldiers and sailors
to enter so much land as shall be deemed
proper, without settlement or cultivation.
By Mr. SHERWOOD: The petition of
John S. Mann and 45 others, citizens of Pot-
ter county, Pennsylvania, asking the passage
of House bill No. 1738.
Also, the petition of W. R. Hamphill and
75 others, citizens of Centre county, Pennsyl-
vania, asking the passage of an act to equalize
bounties, &e.
By Mr. SLOCUM: The memorial of Gen-
eral' W. \V. Averill, asking to be placed on the
retired list.
By Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of N. R. McCurtain, and 51 others,
workers in various industries, citizens of Blair
