1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3873
Africa:
West const of Africa and England  £20,000
West coast of Airica for a second monthly
scrvice   1,200
West coa^t of Africa for a third monthly ser-
vice  ' 1,200
CHtpe of Good Hope and England (two a
month)     22,500
Total   £44,900
Asia and Australia:
East Indies, China, and Japan '
Between Southampton and Alexandria,
calling at Gibraltar and Malta 
Between Marseilles and Alexandria via
the straits of Messina  
Between Suez and Bombay, calling at
Aden \ £347,950
Between Suez and Calcutta, calling: at
Aden, Point de Galle, and Madras ....
Between Bombay and Hong Kong, calling
at Point de Galle, Penang, and Singapore
Between Hong Kong and Shanghai 
Between Hong Kong and Yokohama  
Supplemedtary estimate  
Point de Galle and Sydney  129,500
Melbourne and Lftunceston  .1,200
Sydney and Queensland   2,05(5
King George's Soupd and Adelaide  2,081
Australia and New Zealand  2,500
Total £4Si>.887
Yet, gentlemen say that because England is
subsidizing her steamship lines we must do it.
Sir, England gives her people free ships; she
£ives her sailors free clothes. She gives all
those who use, employ, or travel on her ships
everything free that is necessary to make com-
merce cheap. We tax the farmer and laborer
sixty-five per cent, upon everything that enters
into commerce; and then it is proposed to
tax him to pay subsidies, because, forsooth,
it is said England does it. We are paying
to-day for postal service double what England
pays in proportion to the extent of the land
and sea service of the two countries. When
England sets us a good example we should
follow it; but if she sets us a bad example,
we should reject it. Yet our policy is just
the reverse, we insist on following all her bad
examples and refuse to take or adopt any of
her good ones.
Sir, one of the few sensible things that the
present President of the United States ever
has done was when two years ago he sent to
Congress his message of July 15, 3870, urging
that the necessities of the country demanded
free ships, and that we should allow our peo-
ple to buy ships wherever they pleased and
register them as American vessels to be used
in our commerce, thus enabling us to com-
pete with foreign nations. But this House, in
which the Republican party had a vote of
two thirds, voted down the recommendation
of a Republican President because subsidies
were wanted for somebody.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles, wheu the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 250) for the relief of Mrs.
Harriet B. Pendleton, widow of George H.
Pendleton, late of the United States Navy ;
An act (S. No. 329) for the relief of Charles
W. Whitney;
An act (S. No. 37G) to provide for a building
for the use of the post office, United States
circuit and district courts, and internal rev-
enue offices at Utica, New York;
An act (S. No. 417) fixing the rank of pro-
fessors of mathematics in the United States
Navy.;
An act (S. No. 685) for the relief of B. C.
Pressley;
An act (S. No. 746) granting a pension to
the widow of the late Admiral Farragut;
An act (S. No. 812) to provide for furnish-
ing trusses to disabled soldiers ;
An act (S. No. 835) for the relief of Mrs.
Cecilia Barr, widow of William Barr;
An act (S. No. 854) for the relief of certain
officers uf the Navy;
An act (S. No. 899) for the relief of the
42n Cong. 2d >Sess.—No. 243.
children of O. H. Berryman, deceased, and
others;
An act (S. No. 927) for the relief of the
children of OtwayH. Berry man, deceased;
An act (S. No. 931) authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Arkansas
river at Little Roclc, Arkausas;
An act (S. No. 934) to provide for the com-
pletion of three volumes of Wilkes's United
States Exploring Expedition;
An act (S. No. 1027) to restore Lazarus L.
Reatney to the Navy of the United States as a
midshipman;
An act (S. No. 1086) to change the location
of the Railroad National Bank of Lowell,
Massachusetts, to the city of Boston, Massa-
chusetts;
An act (H. R. No. 1297) amendatory of an
act entitled "An act donating public lands to
the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agricultural
aud mechanical arts," passed July 2,1802, and
acts amendatory thereto ;
An act (H. 11. No. 1G72) granting to the
Davenport and St. Paul Railroad Company
the right of way;
An act (H, R. No. 2428) granting a pension
to Samuel Shaffer, late a private in company
I, seventy eighth regiment of Pennsylvania
infantry volunteers;
An act (H. R. No. 2433) granting a pension
to Priscilla Harrison; and
An act (H. 11. No. 2505) to provide for the
issue of bonds in lieu of destroyed or defaced
bonds of the United States.
BRAZILIAN MAIL STEAMSHIP BBIIYICB.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, when 1 heard
the honorable gentleman from the Ashland
district in Kentucky declaiming against the
appropriation of money by the Congress of
the United Slates for the carrying of iho mail
and to support American commerce in for-
eign countries, and when 1 eontiasted Ins
course with what 1 have heard tioiu former
Representatives of the Ashland district m Ken-
tucky, Clay and Crittenden, it recalled to my
mind the exclamation quantum mutalus ab
illolledore! What a change 1 The gentle-
man [Mr. Beck] will pardon me, able and
effective in debate as he is, that ho has said
nothing new on this subject, nay, reiterated
what was said aud referred to years ago when
Clay and Crittenden were members of Con-
gress. Almost the same words he has uttered
this morning, if he will look over the congres
sional debates, he will find there recorded ; the
same charges, the same species of insinuation,
when Clay and Crittenden, his predecessors
from the Ashland district, were supporting the
very measure which he is now denouncing, i
will transfer his arguments, therefore, for reply
to his constituents, to men of older age. to his
own home, who well remember that what the
illustiious Kentuckians then supported were
not jobs or subsidies given under improper in-
fluences, but great measures for the support
of commerce, navigation, and for the honor
of our country both at home aud abroad.
1 may be asked, what is the merit of this
appropriation for this Brazilian line! What is
the peculiar merit? I will answer; in the first
place, it brings us into closer mail contact with
three fourths of a continent which is a part of
ourselves, with the empire of Brazil, the Argen-
tine Republic, Paraguay, Uraguay, and Boli-
via, on one part of the coast, and on the other,
through the source of the Amazon, with Ecua-
dor, Peru, and the States of Colombia. Is it
nothing to connect the metropolis of our coun-
try with three fourths of the South American
continent by mail twice a week, and thus to
secure the natural commerce which the trans-
portation oft he mail gives us? Are these Ameri-
cans of our own continent to be abandoned to
Europe, in having all steamship communica-
tion wiih nations close at our own doors, whose
trade we are entitled to by all the laws of
geography and all the laws of nature, and which
under frequent steam communication with
Europe, is drawn away from us in defiance of
the laws of natuie. Are we to fold our arms
and be content to be thus robbed of a great
commerce which is ready to some to us if
we will but stretch out our communications and
take-it when offered and when ready to come?
I ask the honorable gentlemen on this side
of the House who are thus denouncing these
undertakings, with these precedents before
them, on the part not only of illustrious Whigs,
but of Douglas and Cass and Cave Johnson,
and Polk, the President of the United States
at that day, when these subsidies were voted,
is it not possible for us who are supporting
what they call subsidies now to be as honest
in our support of them as were the illustrious
men, both of the Whig and Democratic par-
ties in Congress, here twenty years ago. Sir,
all these imputations against us are unfounded
and unjust, and ought not to be made from any
quarter. If gentlemen would look up tp the
elevation of patriotism which they ought to
reach, they would not throw these obstacles ill
the way of providing facilities for the transport-
ation of our commerce and of our mails.
And now 1 desire to call the attention of th,e
House to another merit of this proposition, in
the advantages it would confer on the cotton
manufactories, not only of New England but
of the South. In Brazil, the Argentine Re-
public, and other South American States we
would find a large market for our cotton man-
ufactures. Our exports there on account of
the want of facilities of transportation are not
so great as they were in 18&U, when we aent
$389,000 worth of cotton manufactures to
Brazil, while now we send only $257,000 worth.
But, above all, 1 would call the attention of
the wheat-growers of this country to the im-
mense markets which would be afforded by
Brazil and the Argentine Republic and all the
States of South America, more or less, for their
wheat.
it is known, especially to those who are ac-
quainted with the country on the James river,
and latitude corresponding to that, that there
is a species of wheat with a hard berry which
will bear transportation to the southern States
of Spanish America. The same wheat-grows
above New Orleans in similar latitudes. Im-
mense quantities of it have gone, in spite of
the want of facilities of transportation, to
those countries. Our exports of wheat flour
during 1839 to those countries amounted to
$3,569,705; and in 1871, to $3,497,000—an
actual falling off because we have no longer
the facilities for trade aud commerce which
we ought to have with the South American
republics.
Sir, I contend for this appropriation for the
benefit of my own country, uiy own continent,
with ail the earnestness with winch I contended
for the appropriation to the line to Japan
and China. It opens to us the,coi meice of
two of the. largest rivers in the world, the
Rio de la Plata, running through the Argen-
tine Republic up to Paraguay, and the Ama-
zon, the greatest river of the world, which
stretches for hundreds and hundreds of miles
through the Brazilian empire, and by inter-
communication with other rivers reaches far
beyond to the shores of the Pacific coast. The
establishment of this semi-weekly line of com-
munication with the port of Rio de Janeiro
gives to us a line of steamers owned by citi-
zens of the United States, aud gives us facili-
ties for the transportation of commerce and
mails all along the Rio de la Plata and
all along the vast shores of the Amazon,
from its mouth up far beyond Para, and then
far beyond that, in smaller boats, on the up-
per waters of the Amazon almost to the Paci-
fic ocean.
Sir, if these geographical and commercial
facts were well presented to the people of the
United States, I hesitate not to say that their
approval of this appropriation would be given,
I hope it will have the support of the relics
