1872.
THE CONGBISSIONAL GLOBE.
2977
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no objec-
tion be interposed, the Senator will proceed.
Mr. COLE. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs says he has no more
amendments to offer. No one else, I am quite
certain, has, and we are on the point of pass-
ing the bill.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have a small amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON. Let us have an evening
session •
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish to qualify the remark
attributed to me. There are several amend-
ments that I wished to offer; but I doubt the
policy of doing it, or did doubt it during this
discussion. If, however, the bill is going over
I have two amendments that I want to offer.
Mr. NYE. I have one to offer.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate
take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kansas withdraw his motion for
that purpose?
Mr. CALDWELL. No, sir.
KXBCBTIVE SESSION.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Kansas moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; there being on a
division—ayes 28, noes 14.
After ten minutes spent in the considera-
tion of executive business, the doors wore re-
opened.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate take
a recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggest eight o'clock
Mr. WILSON. I so modify my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
. on the motion to take a recess until eight
o'clock.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 22, noes 22.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair votes
in the affirmative, and the Senate takes a
recess 
_ Mr. TRUMBULL,
nays.
I call for the yeas and
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 22 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Caldwell, Clay-
ton, Cole. Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds,
Ferry of Michigan, .Flanagan, Hamlin, Howe, Kel-
logg, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Scott, Spencer, Stew-
art, and Wilson—21.
NAYS —Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Casserly,
Chandler, Davis of West Virginia, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Johnston,Kelly, Logan.
Norwood, Ramsey, Rice, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Steven-
son, Stockton, Xrumbuli, Vickors, West, and Win-
dom—22.
ABSiiNT—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Brownlow,Buck
inghain, Cameron, Carpenter, Cooper, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Fen ton, j^erry of Connecticut, Frelinghuysen.
Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hitchcock.
Lewis, Morrill ol Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor
ton, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ransom, Robertson,
Schurz, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Xhurrnan, Tip-
ton, and Wright—31.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WEST. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 18, noes 22.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 1191) making appropria
tions for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1878, and for other purposes, the
pending question being on the amendment
. moved by Mr. Cragin.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STOCKTON. I have an amendment
to offer; it is a very small matter indeed, but
: I gave, notice under the authority of the Naval
, Committee that I would offer it, and had it
• referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
- and I do not deem it proper to let the bill pass
without presenting it. It is simply a little mat-
^ ter in reference to the pay of civil engineers.
? Civil engineers of the Navy are not in the
i Navy proper. They are employed by the
Navy. They are nominated by the President
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 187.
and confirmed by the Senate; but they may
at any time be turned out of office.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator to let
his amendment be read.
Mr. STOCKTON. Certainly, I send it up
to be read.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment is to
insert in line fifty-nine, page 3, after the word
"dollars," the following:
Provided, That the pay of civil engineers in the
Navy shall be the same as now fixed by law for
naval constructors, aceordingtolength of continuous
service; and the pay ofassistantcivu engineers shall
be the same as now fixed by law for assistant naval
constructors.
Mr. STOCKTON. If the Senate need any
explanation of this amendment, I have tables
before me to show the propriety of it. It is
recommeuded by ihe whole Naval Committee
and concurred in by the Department. The
difference in money is a mere trifle, but it
regulates theirpay in proportion. They are not
in the service and they may be discharged any
day. They are the men who are at the navy-yards
for the purpose of laying out the navy yard,
and seeing that it is properly developed. The
increase of pay is a mere trifle. I have a
tabular statement if Senators would like to
see it.
Mr. COLE. That matter was very fully
considered in the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and the disposition of some was to put
the officers that have the higher salaries now,
the naval constructors, on the same rate of
pay as the civil engineers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) In the opinion of the
Chair, if this is meant to apply to future pay
continuously, it would come within the rule
adopted in the early part of this week. If it,
intends to apply only to the amount appropri-
ated in this bill for the current year, it may
escape the rule. It is undoubtedly legislation.
Mr. STOCKTON. The object of it was
legislation. My object was to make these
ranks, and that was the object of the Naval
Committee.
Mr. COLE. I think my friend had better
not try it 011 this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule is
that no amendment to any appropriation bill
" making legislative provisions other than such
as directly relate to the appropriations con-
tained in the bill shall be received."
Mr. STOCKTON. I will say to the Chair
that 1 was directed to offer this amendment
before the passage of that resolution, and
therefore felt it my duty to offer it. I with-
draw it now under the decision of the Chair.
Mr. RICE. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional item:
To enable tho Secretary of the Navy to complete
the series of experiments heretofore made at the
Washington navy-yard to determine the economic
values of American coals, and to extend the invest-
igation to the coals of the Mississippi valley, the
Rocky mountains, and the Pacific slope, $10,000,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, report to
be made to the next Congress of progess; and the
Quartermaster's department of the Army to aid in
collecting and transporiingthe necessary specimens
of coal, which should not be less than one ton each
in Quantity, such transportation to be charged to the
ordinary appropriations for transportation of mili-
tary supplies.
This amendment is recommended by the
Quartermaster General and was referred to
the Committee on Mines and Mining, and they
direct me to offer the amendment to this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has not been referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. RICE. No, sir.
Mr EDMUNDS. Then it is not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If it has
not been referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations it cannot be admitted under the rule.
Mr. RICE. If objected to, I knew it could
not. I was in hopes gentlemen would be
clever enough not to object.
Mr. NYE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Section nine of an act entitled "An :act making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending Juno 30,1872, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March 3,1871, is hereby amended by insert-
ing after the clause relating to chaplains the words
"there shall be three professors of mathematics,
who shaft have the relative rank of captain, four
who shall have the relative rank of commander, and
five who shall have the relative rank of lieutenant
commander or lieutenant."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the
opinion of the Chair that is clearly excluded
by the rule. It is legislation.
Mr. NYE. I am rather of that opinion
myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will say to the Senator from New Jersey [Mr.
Stockton] that on roadimi* the rule again he
is not certain in his decision in regard to that
amendment, and as this is a new rule, and it is
desirable that the ruling under it should be
correct, the Chair would prefer to submit that
question to the Senate. The Secretary will
Tead the amendment again, and the Chair will
submit the question.
The Chirk Ci.uttK. The amendment sub-
mitted was to insert at the end of line fifty-
nme the following:
Provided, That tho pay of civil engineer1! in the
Navy shall bo tho same as now fixed by law for
naval con.-truetois, according to length of continu-
ous service; and the pay ot a^i-lant civil engineers
shall bo the same as now fixed by law for assistant
naval constructors.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is whether this amemlmet is excluded by
the clause:
"And no amendment to any such bill makinglegis-
lativo provisions, other than such as directly rotate
to tho appropriations contained in tho bill,shall bo
received."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is there any appropria-
tion in the bifl that, that directly refers to?
Mr. CRAGIN. There is an appropriation
to pay officers of the Navy.
Mr! TRUMBULL Does that include civil
engineers?
Mr. CRAGIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The difficulty with the
amendment is the difficulty that the Chair sug-
gested, and he decided, with perfect correct-
ness, that it does not relate to the appropria-
tion for this year; if it did it would he in
order; but it makes a standing law which will
govern all future appropriations and ail future
action of the Government as to the amount, of
pay perpetually until the law is changed, which
these officers shall get. It is in an appropri-
ation bill regulating the pay of the service.
That is the substance of it, and the Chair was
right.
Mr. NYE. The amendment I offered does
not change any pay.
Mr. STOCKTON. I think I understood
the Senator from Illinois to ask if there was
an approprition in this bill. The appropria-
tion is this:
Civil establishment:
For pay of writers and laborers and for purposes
incidental to the support of the civil establishment
under this bureau at the several navy-yards, SIAOIW.
This is the civil service of the Navy, and
is is really appropriate. I bow so unhesitat-
ingly to the decision of the Chair that I perhaps
did injustice to the amendment. I am obliged
to him for the opportunity of having the ques-
tion presented again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is whether the amendment of the Senator
from New Jersey is in order.
The question being put, it was decided in
the negative.
Mr. CASSERLY._ This is the very first
question that has arisen that was debatable,
and it seems to me it ought to be considered
a little—I do not say at length, but a little.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will consider the vote as not taken.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Secretary to
read again that part of the rule which bears
on the subject.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I move
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
