3874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
of the Old Whig party left on either side of the
Ilouse. I challenge for it the support even
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,]
who wishes, or at all events ought to wish, to
follow in the footsteps of his illustrious pre-
decessor, Henry Clay. Bat, above all, again
and again I demand that, for the interest and
for the honor of our country, that trade shall
be ours. It will be ours if we will but stretch
out our hands to grasp it. It will be given to
us if we have but the enterprise and the hero-
ism to undertake to control that commerce
as against the Powers which are our rivals.
enrolled bills signed.
.Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A bill (H. R. No. 1192) making appropria-
tions for the current, and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending June 30, 1873, and for
other purposes;
A bill (H. K. No. 1094) for the relief of
Charles A. Weidner; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1203) granting a pension
to Martha Elwell.
post oimce appropriation bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I can-
not expect to entertain the House as the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] has
done. I rise merely for the purpose of pre-
senting in the five minutes allotted to me the
reasons why I cannot support this measure.
Theoiherday I voted, upon reconsideration and
reflection, for increased subsidy to the China
and Japan mail line. I did it for the reasons
which I then gave. There was a new country
opening to us, a new field for our enterprise,
ii new market for our products. At that time
1 entered my protest against that measure be-
ing regarded as the entering-wedge to be fol-
lowed by a whole sea of bills in its wake.
Now comes up this measure which was at that
time defeated by a vote of something like two
to one. It comes back from the Senate with a
motion on the part of the Committee on Ap-
propriations to reconsider and concur in llie
amendment. It is not a new enterprise. It
is not a now field but an old one. It opens
up no new market for our products. Brazil
lias not been shut up as Cliina and Japan have
been. It has always been open. This is an
old enterprise. It does not stand upon the
same footing with the measure in relation to
the China and Japan line. 1 read in the pa-
pers this morning that tliis measure is to be
lollowed, probably this very day, if it passes,
by a scheme for an Australian line, and that,
I am told, is to be followed by a whole school
of bills providing for subsidizing lines from
every port on the Atlantic to various European
ports, to be subsidized by a tax upon the
people of the United States,
Now, we were told but a few days ago, when
we were talking about the tariff bill, by the
high-tariff men in this House, that we were
making a market for our products by these
protective measures; that Pennsylvania was
to be a market for the West; that the great
workshops which were being fostered by these
protective duties were to become markets for
the surplus products of the West and the inte-
rior. But now we are told by these very same
gentlemen that we must subsidize steamboat
lines for the purpose of making markets abroad
ior our products. And thus it goes on; thus
our people are ground down and taxed; taxed
to make a market at home; taxed to make a
market abroad; taxed at both ends and taxed
in the middle; taxation upon taxation; and
all upon what plea? Is it that commerce
comes here asking this? Has the Committee
on Commerce of tlie House recommended this
measure? No. Has the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads recommended it?
No. Has the Committee on Foreign Affairs
recommended it? No. Has any committee
of the House considered and recommended
this measure? Yes. What one? The Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and none other;
the committee to appropriate money; not a
committee charged with inquiry into the ne-
cessities of commerce, into the necessities of
the Post Office Department, into the necessi-
ties of our foreign relations—none of these,
but simply to report appropriations, the money
committee.
Sir, I would like to see trade go on and
increase. I have no doubt that the gentlemen
engaged in this enterprise are very worthy
gentlemen. I know they are. So are all the
gentlemen engaged in these enteiyrises hon-
orable men and worthy men. They would
like to have their enterprises flourishing; and
I do not blame them for coming here and ask-
ing for these subsidies; but I blame and the
tax-payers will blame the members of Con-
gress who grant them.
Sir, I protest against this everlasting dig,
dig for subsidy; subsidize this, subsidize that;
give a bounty to the iron manufacturer in
order to manufacture for the market at home ;
give another bounty to the iron manufac-
turer to make a ship for the foreign trade;
and then give another bounty to the man who
runs that ship. It is giving bounty, bounty,
bounty all the time.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAY. Mr. Speaker, I am against this
subsidy as I was before. I desire to say that
we would not have it here to-day if the other
branch of Congress had shown that respectful
consideration for the House that I think it
ought to show. These various proposiiions
were offered as amendments to the Post Office
appropriation hill when if. was under consid-
eration in the IIou3e. We heard the splendid
declamations of the member from New York,
[Mr. Brooks ;] we heard the earnest appeal of
the senior member from Ohio, from the Cincin-
nati district, [Mr. Perry,] both of them speak-
ing as from the inspiration of patriotism, de-
manding that this subsidy should be granted
to this corporation. A mighty lobby was all
around us; the debate extended through days;
all that could be sard in favor of it was then
urged. Yet after that long debate, after care-
ful consideration and reflection, this House,
by a clear majority, voted down these prop-
ositions to give subsidy to the various steam-
ship lines.
The bill then went over to the other branch
of Congress, ami after some time it was sent
back here with this amendment, and also an-
other proposing to give a subsidy to another
steamship company. Some of the members
who opposed this proposition before seemed to
have changed their opinion, and the first
amendment was passed. The House, how-
ever, rejected the other amendment, for what
reason I do not know, because if one company
is entitled to this favor I hold that the other is
equally entitled to it.
1 think the House ought not to concur with
this amendment I think we should tell'the
Senate that we will not recede from our posi-
tion with reference to this policy of subsidy.
We were told by the distinguished gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Shei.labarger] the other day
that the American mind must be aroused and
educated up to this policy of subsidies. Sir,
I tell that gentleman that he, as one of the
leading men of this country and this branch
of Congress, has done more to build up and
keep up this system of grinding taxation under
our high tariff laws than any other member
probably on this floor. I tell him that it is
not just to call upon the great body of the
American people to suffer additional taxation
to supply the loss and to repair the injury done
to the country by our present high protective
tariff system. It has destroyed our ship-build-
ing interest and our commerce, and swept our
flag from the seas.
According to distinguished gentlemen here
who advocate this policy we want no com-
merce on the seas, we have a market within
ourselves for all that we can produce, and it
is proposed by high protective tariff duties to
be paid in to prevent any country from trading
with us; that our policy is to have_ nothing to
do with them, to have no commercial relations
with foreign Powers. In the name of common
sense, why then is it proposed to tax the people
in order to give subsidies to these steamship
companies ?
In conclusion, I wish to say that I am unal-
terably opposed to this subsidy. It is estab-
lishing a precedent which will surely lead to
the establishment of a policy which in the end
will burden the American people for the next
quarter of a century, and require them to pay
$20,000,000 a year from their hard-earned
taxes for this purpose.
Mr. TOWNSBND, of Pennsylvania. Sir,
I am one of the relics of that old Whig party
of which my friend from New York [Mr.
Brooks] so feelingly spoke a few minutes ago,
and whose aid he now invokes. I am glad,
very glad, that the old principles which he
used to advocate in earlier times are exerting
their influence upon him now. I congraiulate
this House and the country that he is coming
back gradually to the great principles of pro-
tection which he and I earnestly advocated m
1844, under the lead of that distinguished
statesman who then carried aloft the banner
of protection, Henry Clay. I congratulate the
country that he recognizes the right and the
duty of the American Congress to encourage
the commerce of the American people aud
the industry of the American citizen. I strike
hands with him there; and I trust that the
same time-honored principles which actuated
him then will hereafter actuate him in full
force, and that his mind may be brought back
to see the right and the duty of the American
Congress to protect the labor and industry of
every portion of the American people. I join
with him in the support of this subsidy.
Gentlemen on the other side have cried out
time and again against the loss of American
commerce. They are complaining that it has
been taken away from our hands ; yet when
the opportunity is fairly presented to us to
regain a portion of that commerce they refuse
to accept it; they turn their backs upon it;
they endeavor to keep us in the same position
of which they complain, with too much of the
commerce of the world in other hands. They
refuse to assist in regaining our proper share.
Now, sir, let us imitate in this case the
policy of the prudent farmer. When he finds
his pump appearing dry because of worn-ont
buckets, he invests a little in leather for
their renewal and pours down a few buckets
of water, that he may be enabled to bring
up millions of gallons. Let us appropriate a
few hundred thousand dollars in the way of
subsidy to this steamship line, in order that
it may be returned to us a hundred fold, as it
will be in the commerce that will be brought
to our shores. Mr. Speaker, if we desire to
get back that commerce we must follow the
example of other nations. England and
France know full well the value of the com-
merce of the seas. They have taken pains to
secure it to themselves, and to do this they
pour out their money without stint or reluc-
tance. They have each of them subsidized
various steamship lines, the subsidies amount-
ing in the aggregate, if I remember rightly,
to not less than $5,000,000 apiece per annum.
Mr. BROOKS. More than that.
Mr. TO WNSEND, of Pennsylvania. More
than five million dollars each, as I am informed
by the gentleman from New York. If, then,
with their cheap capital, their cheap labor,
their cheap ships, they find it necessary to
grant such a subsidy in akl of their commerce,
much more necessary is it for us, with our
dearer capital, our dearer labor, our dearer
ships, to appropriate a portion of our money
