290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 21,
we may occasionally hear the charge hurled at
it that it is illiberal and prescriptive and tyran-
nical and all that sort of thing, there is not
a party whose acts have been recorded upon
the pages of the world's history that has deeds
of charity and forgiveness and kindness writ-
ten upon its record in such burning letters of
light as the Republican party of this nation
has. It is a party of charity and a patty of
forgiveness. Tell me, Mr. Speaker, a govern-
ment under the sun which, alter men had re-
belled without cause, without a decent pre-
text, without any justification in the wotld,
and after they bad caused rum and destruction
and devastation such as was witnessed upon
every hand at the close of this war in 1805—
tell me of a government that would have dealt
eo lightly witli the leaders of that rebellion as
the Government of the United States, under
the eontrolot' the Republican party, has done.
Almost every demand that has been made
by those men who were in the rebellion lias
been complied with by this pany. They came
Dp here after the war, asking that they should
be recognized. The Republican party said
there was one condition-precedent, which was
that we must have guarantees that they would
no more lift the hand of revolt against the
Government. The Republican party said to
them, '• You must insure protection to life, lib-
erty, and property to every citizen in your
section of the country, from the highest to the
lowest." When those things were guarantied,
those States were admitted to representation
in this House and in the Senate. When that
■was done it -was believed that time would
heal the harshness that had been left by the
rebellion.
But what do we witness to-day? An attempt
is being made in some localities of the very
region of country that was m revolt against
the Government to do what? To protect life,
liberty, and property? No, sir; but to crush
out of existence men whose only crimes seem
to be thaf they are black, and are loyal to the
Government. This question can no longer be
one of controversy. The matter has come up
in the courts of the country, where facts have
been developed that ought to cause the cheek
of every honest man to blush for shame that
such infamous conduct should be practiced
under a Government pledged to the protection
of the life, liberty, and property of the citizen.
The fact that there are men banded together
for the purpose of destroying the rights of
others in the southern States, because they do
pot agree with them in political sentiments,
is no longer a mooted question. The wonder-
ful and astonishing thing is that an attempt
should be made to justify such conduct. Who-
ever heard of an attempt to justify murder
because the victim may be said to have com-
mitted some crime? Wiiy should these name-
less crimes in the southern States be excused
in the manner in which it is done here?
We hear a great deal about the necessity of
general amnesty. Sir. this House at it last
session passed a bill, for which 1 together
with a great majority of the Republicans in
this Hoi ise voted, and which went over to the
Other Iloase, from whose provisions are ex-
cluded only about one thousand men in all the
United States. A stranger in this land, unac-
quainted with the rights which all citizens en-
joy under the laws of the United State3 and
of the several States, would understand from
the remarks of my colleague [Mr. Blahi] that
men were terribly oppressed here; that in
some sections of the country they were deprived
of their rights as citizens. There is not a State
in this Union, except perhaps there may be
one, where any man is disfranchised, where
every man has not the right to vote, unless he
is a criminal and disfranchised by the judg
ment of a court. 1 hey all have equal rights
in that respect The man who bared his bosom
in the cause of his country, together with the
man who raised his arm against that country,
both alike can go to the polls and vote. Is
there no charity, no kmdness'in that?
And let me tell the gentleman that that was
not granted by this Government because the
loyal people of these States did not believe
that rebellion was a crime. No, sir ; it was
simply granted as an act of charity, and in the
hope that those who received that charity
would be able to appreciate that act of gen-
erosity and kindness, and would be willing in
the future to stand side by side with every
good citizen for the protection and security of
the Government of the whole country. That
is why that right was granted to them, notwith-
standing the great crime they had committed.
Now, who are those who are not included in
the provisions of the bill of amnesty passed
by the House at its last session ? They are the
men who brought ruin upon the southern States
and desolated them ; the men who caused them
to be laid waste, who caused the residence of
the planter to be lighted up with the torch of
the incendiary, who caused the lurid light of
war to glimmer upon every mountain-top. on
every hill-side, in every valley in the southern
States. They are the men who. in 1801, stood
up in the Senate Chamber, and, as they pre-
pared to leave the Hall, said they would have
a Government to suit their selfish purposes,
and, holding up their white handkerchiefs,
boasted that their efforts to do so would not
cause b'ood enough to flow to stain them.
Those are the men who to-day, through the
mouth of the gentleman here, are asking that
we should deal liberally with them.
Sir, the Republican party of this country
has no feeling of unkindrtess for the people of
the South. The Republican party knows no
section, neither North nor South, neither East
nor West. It is the only truly national party
that has ever existed in the history of this Gov-
ernment. Its advocates, and those who believe
in its principles, can be found among the ever-
glades of Florida as well as amid the snow-
capped regions of Alaska; they are every-
where. The Republican party is national in
its character. It has no feeling of unkind-
ness toward the people of ihe South who were
drawn by their leaders into rebellion. Every
step they have taken to bind up the bleeding
wounds of this nation and to heal the differ-
ences of the past has been characterized by
kindness, and forbearance, and forgiveness.
I know we hear ir. said that the Congress of
the nation has been guilty of harsh legislation;
but I ask, has Congress, in its efforts to heal
divisions and cement the people more closely
together, ever passed a law that was not
j intended for the protection of the innocent
j against the efforts of the guilty to deprive
j them of their rights? Then why should men,
if they are guiltless, if they have not imbrued
their hands in the innocent blood of those men
who were lately emancipated, characterize our
conduct as a party by those harsh and oppro-
brious terms whicb they are constantly hurl-
ing against us? I can say to gentlemen upon
the other side that the Republican party of this
country will go as far as themselves toward
enfranchisement or anything else, if you can
satisfy them that the country is perfectly secure
and that by such a measure the harmony and
prosperity of the nation are to be promoted.
But it does not look well for gentlemen to stand
up m the House of Representatives of the
United States and plead for a man who but a
few short months ago proclaimed to the south-
ern people,who were becoming quiet and peace-
able once more, that their cause—'• the lost
cause," the cause of treason, t.he cause of
those who sought to tear down the Govern-
ment—was not dead, but only sleeping.
I do not believe the time has quite come yet
that a man of that kind should be permitted
to stand side by side as the peer of CliAni.Es
Scmxer in the American Senate. I do not
believe, for one, that the time has quite come
for any such thing as that: but I will go as far
as any one toward giving enfranchisement and
all the rights men can enjoy under this Gov-
ernment to the masses of the people of the
southern States, to the men who are willing to
recognize the fact that we are living under a
new order of things; that a new era has dawned
on the country, an era where liberty is the rule
and despotism and slavery the exceptions.
And, Mr. Speaker, let tne say to my friends
on the other side of the Chamber that it seeins
to me, when they are advocating the rights
of the South, when they are advocating ihe
claims of the southern'people, there are many
things which they are neglecting here—not
inteniionally, of course. There is a wotk of
reconstruction which can go oti yet, and which
can bring about peace and harmony to a greater
extent than has yet been permitted, and that
is, for them to seek to develop the resources of
the fertile country they may have the honor to
represent. There is some disposition in some
localities of the country to keep out capital
and enterprise, because they raav happen to
come from some other section. This is surely
wrong. This work of reconstruction will be
only fully consummated, will be only fully
carried out, entire peace, security, and baopi-
ness will only reign, when commerce shall
carry its good work into those States, and when
capital and enterprise from all sections of the
country shall be invited among them, ltseems
to me this is the most practical work that gen-
tlemen from that section of the country could
devote themselves to.
And let me say, Mr. Speaker, that the Re-
publican party does not believe that the rebel-
lion was not a crime. It has sought to brand
it as a crime. It has sought toplace its infamy
where it can be read by him who runs. At
the same time it is willing to go as far as the
safety and security of the country and the
prosperity and happiness of the people will
warrant it, in granting amnesty to these lead-
ers. It is now only the leaders who are ex-
cepted, not the masses of the people who were
dragooned into this thing. We know that
hundreds and thousands of them were not
conscious of what they were doing. The Re-
publican party has recognized that. Alt their
misconduct has been obliterated, in a legal
point of view at least. It is only the leaders,
the men who persuaded ibera into it, and soon
there will only be a few, comparatively speak-
ing, of those who remain. 1 think we have
gone as far for the peace of the country in
that direction as we ought to go at this time.
No man asks th"?e men, the Republican
party has not asked them, to get down on their
, knees and ask f >r«ivenes*. The gentleman is
; mistaken if tie ih inks the party wb h which lie h as
' heretofore acted has ever a-,ked at the hands
of these men any such thing; but it is asfcpd.
it is demanded at their hand*, that they shall
assist in guarantying the rights of all men,
no mutter who they may be. Until tht-y show
a willingness and disposition to do tha% until
they show a willingness and disposition to
recognize the rights of colored mm in those
States, as well as the rights of white men. J
think the Congress of the United S'ates ought
to deny to these men equal rights in this- Govern-
ment. I bf'hcve that to be the sentiment of
the people in my State. I do not believe the
people of tbe great State of Missouri to-day
would vote for any such measure as the gentle
man has proposed I do not believe th.it it is
any reflection of their sentiments wh"n gentle-
men on this floor claim that Ihe Republican
party, being the dominant party of tin- nation,
is cruel, unjust, illiberal,;uid prescriptive, when
it fails to recognize the fact that Jet!i*rson
Davis, and Toombs, and Stephens, and all
these men, are entitled to the rights of all other
citizens There ought to be some distinction
somewhere.
Gentlemen say we admire these men who
fought against the Government. We may ad-
mire their courage, but we hate their crime*
