1186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
part, may be taken, under the order and
direction of said circuit court, as to the valid-
ity and extent of said claim.
The third section provides that an appeal
may be taken from the final decision and de-
cree of the said circuit court to the Supreme
Court of the United States, by either party, in
accordance with the provisions of the tenth
section of said act of March 3,1851 and a decree
under the provisions of this act, in favor of said
claim, shall not affect any adverse right or title
to the lands described in said decree ; but in lieu
thereof the claimant, or his legal representa-
tives, may select, and shall be allowed, patents
for an equal quantity of the unoccupied and
unappropriated public lands of the United
States, not mineral, and in tracts not less than
the subdivisions provided for in the United
States land laws, and, if unsurveyed when
taken, to conform, when surveyed, to the gen-
eral system of United States land surveys;
and the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, shall be authorized to issue scrip,
in legal subdivisions, to the said Valentine, or
his legal representatives, in accordance with
the provisions of this act.
The amendment was read as follows:
In soction throe, line five, after "fifty-one," insert
" within six months after the rendition of such final
decision."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COGHLAN. I wish to move an amend-
ment which I ask the committee to accept. I
believe it will sufficiently guard the interests of
our constituents settled upon the land claimed
by this grant. If the amendment be adopted
no member of the California delegation will
oppose the bill.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Provided, That no docree in favor of said Valen-
tino shall bo executed nor be of any forco or effect
against, any person or persons; nor shall land scrip
or patents issuo as hereinafter provided, unless the
said Valentino fchall lirbt execute and deliver to the
Commissioner of tho General Land Office a deed con-
veying to tho United States all his right, title, and
interest to the lands covered by said Miranda grant.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I do
not see any objection to that amendment. It
perhaps aiises from superabundant caution.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I should like to
have the amendment pending. The bill ap-
pears to give jurisdiction of a case to a par-
ticular court, and prescribes how it shall be
tried.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I will
state that this bill has been before the House
on two different occasions heretofore. It has
been reported favorably by the Committee on
the Public Lands on both occasions. It has
passed tlie House of Representative in two
different Congresses, but has been lost from
want of time for aetiou in the Senate. The
bill is simply to permit Mr. Valentine to go
into the circuit court of the United States for
California, and make his claim to a tract of
land to which he derives a right from one
Miranda, who obtained a grant of the land from
the Mexican Government. Under the act of
1851, concerning Mexican land grants, Valen-
tine, and the grantees of a man named Ortega,
who was Miranda's son-in-law, went before the
land commissioners, both claiming the land.
Their case was heard there; tho case appeared
to be against Valentine's claim, and it was
withdrawn, because Valentine believed that,
by the act of Congress, he had a right to inter-
vene in the district court, and he preferred to
withdraw his claim and intervene in that court.
But when he got into the district court, by that
time the Supreme Court had decided that he had
no right of intervention, since the claim he had
was not under the same original grantor as that
of Ortega's grantees. He was therefore really
out of court. Ortega's grantees therefore
prosecuted their claim. It went by appeal to
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
the court held that Ortega's grantees had no
right. But the Supreme Court further held
that the United States had no right. They
put Valentine out of court, and all that we ask
is that Valentine maybe allowed to go in court
and prove his title if he can. If he can prove
his title, then he is not to have the lands which
were given by the Mexican grant to Miranda,
because of the nation having taken possession
of those lands and sold them—and there is a
city erected upon those lands—but he is to be
allowed, if he maintains his title, to have scrip
equivalent to the amount of land which he
would have had under the Miranda title.
Nobody's rights arj infringed upon. Nobody
is damaged. It is only a claim between him
and the United States, and the bill merely per-
mits him to come into the court and have an
opportunity to be heard. This we think is a
fair and honest bill, and we ask that it may be
passed.
Mr. TAFFE. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman a question as to the character of the
scrip which is proposed to be given. I under-
stand that it is not to be issued under any ex-
isting law, and that there is no qualification as
to the location of it, whether surveyed or un-
surveyed, minimum or double minimum lands,
the only exception, I believe, being as to min-
eral lands. 1 should like that there were some
indication as to the mode of location.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. As
regards the point referred to by the gentle-
man from Nebraska [Mr. Taffe] the bill
reads thus:
And tho Commissioner of the General Land Office,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
shall be authorized to issue scrip, in legal subdivis-
ions, to tho said Valentine, or his legal representa-
tives, in accordance with the provisions of this act.
Now, the United States have got the very best
lands in California from him, they have sold
them and put the money in the Treasury, and
all this man asks is that he may have the oppor-
tunity if he gains his case of locating his land
scrip wherever he pleases on land which has
not been taken by anybody, and in the legal
subdivisions.
We have considered this matter very fully.
It has been considered in this House, it has
been considered in the Senate, and it has
received the sanction of the committees of
each House. It has passed this House twice,
and it meets the approval of the gentlemen
from California, who believes that the rights
of the people of that State are sufficiently
guarded. And therefore we and they ask that
this bill may be passed.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I suppose that,
notwithstanding the fact that some former
House has passed this bill, and the fact that it
is satisfactory to the California delegation, the
members of the present House, if they are not
satisfied are entitled to understand clearly why
these claimants cannot come into court under
existing laws and have all the remedies which
any citizen of the United States may have.
What, debars him from getting his remedy
from the courts and under the laws as they
are? Why must we give special jurisdiction
to a United States court for this claimant?
That is the first question which I desire to
address to the gentleman who has reported
the bill.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I an-
swer the gentleman's question in this way : that
by the act of 1851, giving to the land commis-
sion the right of examining these titles, a man
was required to present his claim within two
years. This man did present his claim within
two years, but he withdrew it again because
he thought he had the right of intervention,
and by the time he had got up to the district
court of the United States the Supreme Court
had ruled that he had not the right of inter-
vention under the law. In the mean time the
two years allowed for the presentation of the
claim by the act of Congress had expired and
he was out of court, and there is no law whereby
he can get in the court until we make one.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Then I understand
that he has simply allowed a statute of limita-
tions to bar him.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. By
the decision of the Supreme Court and by
the acts of his own counsel he was barred.
The Ortega claim appeared to be a good one,
and he withdrew his claim from before the
commission before the hearing, with a view to
intervention in the district court. The Ortega
claim turned out to be a bad one, and the
time within which he could get into the district
court expired. It was not in consequence of
any negligence of his own, but by the con-
struction of the act of Congress, by his coun-
sel, and by the Supreme Court that he lost his
right.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. He or his counsel
mistook the law as other citizens do, and the
act barred him. Now, the second point is this:
does not this act propose to make certain
things evidence in the court which otherwise
would not be evidence?
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. It
does not. This bill only allows those things
to be evidence in the court which would have
been evidence before the commissioners. It
places the claimant in the same status as he
would have been in if he had proceeded rightly
at that time.
Mr. COGHLAN. The reason why I do not
now oppose this bill is this: upon the lands
claimed by this grant there has grown up a
good-sized city, and there is probably the
amount of $2,000,000 worth of property upon
these lands. It is a dark cloud hanging over
the heads of those who have acquired the titles
to these lands from the Government to have
this grant, whether good or bad, hanging over
their heads, and at least one House of every
Congress that meets passing a bill to allow the
Miranda grant to go into the courts for adjudi-
cation.
My amendment guards the rights of the
settlers upon these lands, and compels Valen-
tine to execute and deliver to the Government
of the United States a deed granting to said
Government all his right, and title t,o the lands
covered by the Miranda grant. And this deed
must be filed with the United States Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office before any
decree of the court in his favor—if he should
get one in his favor—can be executed, and
before any land scrip or patent can issue under
the provisions of this bill.
The bill, as amended by me, gives to Valen-
tine the right to go into court and try the case,
and if his claim proves to be just under the
grant from Miranda, a decree will be given in
his favor, but shall amount to no more than
waste paper until he shall have conveyed to
the Government, in trust for the settlers upon
these lauds, all his right, title, and interest to
the lands covered by the grant.
This bill, as amended by me, will raise tho
cloud from the title of probably two thousand
persons who reside in and around the city of
Petaluma. ?
With the proviso I have offered, guarding
as it does the interests of my constituents, I
have no objection to the passage of this bill,
for I hope it will remove forever all claim,
whether just or unjust, to their lands.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. There is one thing
more I want to ask. I understand that hero
is a claimant of certain lands who has been
unsuccessful in making his claim good, and
this bill provides that if on a new trial it be
found tha the ought to have had his title before,
the United States is to step in and give him
other lands in place of these.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Be-
cause the United States took his lands and
sold them and have the money received -for
them in the Treasury. I yield for a moment
to the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sar-
gent.]
Mr. SARGENT. The treaty originally
made with Mexico provided that the rights
of Mexican citizens, under the grants which
