2978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"And no amendment to any such bill making:
legislative) provisions, other than such as directly I
relate to the appropriations contained in the bill,
shall be received."
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is a provision to
raise a salary; that is all there is to it.
Mr. STEVENSON. It seems to,me that
under tliat rule the Senate possesses the power
to legislate in regard to any subject-matter in
the bill. The only doubt possibly that could
exist as to this amendment being in order is
that it raises a salary permanently and not for
a single year, if it was for a single year, no
Senator can doubt that it would be 111 order;
but yon propose to make this salary permanent,.
That is legislation, unquestionably. But the
question is whether under the language of this
rule you shall not legislate except as to a sub-
ject-matter in the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not it. It is mak-
ing a provision other than that which directly
relates to the appropriation contained in the
bill. This does for one year relate to that
appropriation, and it it stopped there it
would be in order, but it relates to all future
appropriations, to the future action of the
Government making a permanent increase.
It is as it' in the miscellaneous bill, when it
comes over, there should be a provision for
enabling the President to carry into etf'eci the
act of 1871 about the habeas corpus 
Mr. STOCKTON. I ask peimission to
corivct, a matter of fact, thai I think the I
Senator from Vermont is mistaken in. I
stated the position of civil engineers in the
Navy, it is a mistake to call tlio.m "in the
Navy." They may be dismissed at a day's
notice. It is so constantly. In the naval
service they have no rank, no position; they
are civil engineers in private life employed to
work at the navy-yards; and we make an ap-
propi iation of $12,000 to pay the civil men
not, in ihe Navy, and we say that out of that
.sum of $12,000 we will reduce the salary of
eight men and increase the salary of seven
men a few hundred dollars. If you make a
i ule as strict as now claimed you are going far
beyond the intention of those who adopted
this rule. It is not in relation to the salary
of any officer of the Navy.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We ought to decide this
rightly, but I do not wish to occupy time
about it. This may be a question that conies
pretty near the line; it probably does; but I
will say to the Senator from New Jersey that
the fact that these officers are not in for life
unless removed on the judgment of a court-
martial, does not, alter the case at all. They
are persons who are appointed during the
pleasuie of the President of the United States
or the Secretary of the Navy, which ever it
may be, to perform a specific service under
ihe Ooveniment, and their salary is fixed by
law at so much. Now, the substance of tins
amendment, is that their salary shall be more.
That is a leg:slative provision. There is no
question about that. Then the question is,
does it relate directly to the appropriation
contained in this bill? It relates to it for this
year, it is true; but for all future years it does
not relate to it; and, as I was about to say, if
you give this latitudinary construction to this
rule, then on the miscellaneous bill when it
comes over, there being a provision in it to
enable the President ot the United States to
carry out the habeas corpus act, all that is
necessaiy is to move to add a legislative pro-
vision that that habeas corpus act shall last one
year more ; and then Senators will find them-
selves exactly wheie they were afraid they
would without any cause be found when we
were discussing the adoption of this rule. I
think it better on an appropriation bill, if we
are going to err at all, to err on the safe side.
Mr STEVENSON. I want to carry out, as
far as I know, the intent of this rule. It is
the first limitation that the Senate has adopted
upon the great liberality which is extended
toward appropriation bills. Now, as I con-
strue this rule, it does not prohibit legislation;
it allows legislation, provided the legislation
relates to any appropriations contained in the
bill. It is an appropriation whether for one
year or more than one year ; that is the generic
subject upon which under this rule the Senate
have a right to legislate if it touches that sub-
ject. Now, to say that you shall not legislate
upon any subject because the appropriation is
for a year, it seems to me would be a very re-
strictive and a very limited construction ol this
rule. I think the Senate ought to pause, be-
cause they will find themselves embarrassed,
and may be compelled at last to amend the
rule. It is no straining of the natural instruc-
tion of a rule which says that "no amend-
ment to any such bill making legislative pro-
visions, other than such as relate directly to
the appropriations contained in the bill, shall
be received," to hold that we have the right
to legislate in regard to all the appropriation
as contained in the bill. Its being confined
to a year, or extending longer than a year,
does not destroy the fact that the bill does
contain an appropriation which under the rule
we have the right to legislate upon.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish the Senator from
Kentucky to make one correction in what he
stated. I understood him to say that this was
the first restriction. The Senator is mistaken.
He will find three or four cases that an amend-
ment shall be reported by a committee; that
it must come under an estimate from a De-
partment, or that it must be to carry out an
existing law, &c.
Mr. STEVliNSON. I am very much obliged
to my friend from Maine for con ect.ing me. I
have had no experience, but 1 thought it was
a new rule.
Mr. CALDWELL. I voted for the amended
rule of the Senator from Vermont, because I
think he is nearly always right; but I am not
sure that I understand it. I should like to ask
the Senator from Vermont whether, when the
Army appropriation bill is under considera-
tion, if i were to offer an amendment for the
enlargement of a military depot, I would
under the rule be prohibited from doing so?
Mr. EDMUNDS. An amendment of that
kind would be clearly in order if it complied
with the other provisions of the rule.
Mr. CALDWELL. That is all I wanted to
know, because, having voted for the amend-
ment to the ruleot the Senator from Vermont,
I certainly should now vote against it if it
would cut, me out.
Mr. STOCKTON. In order to stop unneces-
sary debate, I desire to move an amendment,
with the permission of the Senate, which may
avoid this discussion on my amendment in its
present form. It is admitted by Senators that
it comes vety close to the line; but at the sug-
gestion of a brother Senator I ask to put ill
■' during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1878,"
which wdl make it clearly m order. 1 do not
think discussion on this question at this time
of the evening on an amendment so close to
the line would be of much advantage to the
Senate.
Mr. CliAGlN. I suggest another modifi-
cation, to strike out all in relation to assistant
civil engineers. There is no law authorizing
assistant civil engineers, and no law fixing
their pay. There is a practice of appointing
assistant civil engineers in one or two of the
larger yards, but there is no law authorizing
it, and for one I am not willing to commence
sanctioning assistant civil engineers, though I
do not wish to oppose the amendment.
Mr. WEST. I am not so familiar with the
rulings of this body as a number of other Sen-
ators are; but I discover one thing, that when
the Senate allows a precedent to be established
in its rulings, it is very reluctant to transgress
that ruling in any way. Now, I think it is
extremely important while we are on this sub-
ject that we should have an understanding of
, what the idea of the Senate is upon this rule
which was adopted at the suggestion of the
Senator from Vermont.
Mr. COLE. I will state to my friend that
the amendment has been changed so as to
avoid any objection.
Mr. WEST. I was speaking ot the ruling
of the Senate and I was about to ask a some-
what similar question to that which was asked
by the Senator from Kansas. It seems to me
that under th  ruIiug which is now contended
for in the Senate it would be impossible for
the Senate to make any additional expendi-
tures in the way of naval appropriations ; that
is to say, if no sum is in the bill now it is in-
competent for the Senate to move to put, any
additional sum in the bill. Therefore I make
this proposition, and I should like to find the
determination of the Senate upon it: suppose
I find that there is an appropriation of §25,000
for twelve hundred and fifty barrels of gun-
powder ; and suppose it should be ascertained
in the discussion of this bill or while it is under
consideration by the Senate that it was neces-
sary to have $5,000 worth of fuses to fire that
gunpowder off, would it be competent for the
Senate to entertain such a proposition V What
I want to get at is whether you can under this
rule appropriate money for the legitimate pur-
poses of the bill itself, in addition to the
money that is already in the bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no question of
that.
Mr. WEST. Then let us understand that
there is no such question, because it will come
up on the next bill. That is what I want a
ruling upon. If I understand it, tnen, this is
a decision of the Senate that for the legiti-
mate purpose of the bill, for which this gives
an appropriation, we can add sums ot money.
If that is the decision of the Senate, 1 am
satisfied.
Mr. CASSERLY. I suggested a little dis
cussion on the ruling of the Chair because
this was the very first case of construing the
new rule. I think Senators will agree, thougli
the hour is rather late, that the time has not
been lost. It, seems to me that the illustration
suggested by my friend, the Senator from
Louisiana, is pretty nearly, it not quite, con-
clusive. The language of the rule is pecu-
liar. It struck ine so at the time. I thought
it might have been more definite. 1 think
that this discussion shows that my impres-
sion then was correct. The language is :
"No amendment to any sueh bill making legisla-
tive provisions, other than such as directly relate to
the appropriations contained in tile bill, shall be
received.''
The true intent and meaning of these words,
"directly relate," must be ascertained with
reference to the convenient transaction of busi-
ness by the Senate, must be ascertained with
reference to the class ot bills in question.
Now, sir, the convenient transaction of the busi-
ness of the Senate in rcierence to appropi .aiion
bills, it seems to me, points in one direction
only ; that is to say, the words " other than such
as directly relate " must be held to mean "other
than such as have direct reference to the appro-
priations contained in the bill," "other than
such as are," in other words, "germane to
the appropriations contained in the bill,
" such as are not irrevelant to the appropria-
tions contained in the bill," such as are not a
new subject-matter. It seems to me with that
construction we can all get on with the rule,
we can all transact our business satisfactorily.
I do not wish, of course, to ask for any vote
of the Senate, because I understand it to be the
view that the limitation of time which the
Senator from New Jersey has added by con-
sent to his amendment really takes the case
out of the rule. Therefore, 1 will say no more
on the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator irom
New Jersey as modified.
Air. COLE. This ought not to be adopted,
I am certain of that, for the reason that it
