1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■3875
in order to regain that which we have lost. 1
trust that, we shall look at this in a liberal yet
truly economical point of view; for true econ-
omy in a case of this kind is not a niggardly
husbanding of our resources, but an appropri-
ation of some portion of our money in order
that we may retrieve that commerce which I
trust is not irretrievably lost. I feel that the
energy of the American merchant and the
American mariner will be able to bring back
to us that foreign trade which has been par-
tially destroyed from various causes within the
last ten years. I believe that this appropria-
tion is not a subsidy of money taken away from
the people, but is a small investment which
will enable us to carry our products to South
American markets and enable us to bring back
foreign commodities that will pour into the
laps of our merchants untold riches, and spread
throughout the country for the consumption
of the people the desirable products of South
American lands.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, it is very
far from my purpose to cast any imputation
upon gentlemen who take a different view of
this subject from that which I have taken. I
desire to say a few words in defense of the
vote which i gave the other day, of the vote
which I intend to give to-day upon the passage
of this measure, as well as of a vote which 1
cast, in this House upon a kindred question
some twenty years ago.
My friend from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
when questions of this character are before
us. invariably refers to what was done in the
good old days of the Whig party when he and
1 followed the flag that was borne aloft by the
gallant "Harry of the West,." i have quite
as lond a memory of that distinguished states-
man, and those who served with him, as has
my friend from New York. But, Mr. Speaker,
while confessing that I voted with him upon
the question of subsidy during the controver-
sies between the Ounaid and Collins lines, 1
am disposed to call the attention of the
House, and particularly of the gentleman from
New Yotk, to the condition of public affairs
at, that time, as contrasted with the condition
ot public affairs existing now.
Then, Mr. Speaker, we had an overflowing
Treasury, and were comparatively out of debt.
Then, sir, we were operating this Government
under the low-revenue tariff' of 1846, by which
the people were taxed only twenty per cent.
But what a change has transpired 1 Then we
had the vast staples of commerce which we
sent abroad, creating a balance in our favor
with foreign nations. Since then we have had
a desolating war, and the fairest portion of
this land has as it were been brought to abject
poverty. We have no longer those balances.
The resources of the country have been de-
stroyed, and we are now operating under a
tariff', as is well known, which taxes the peo-
ple fifty per cent.
Again, Mr. Speaker, the local taxes of the
country have increased about threefold, and
there is now no people upon the face of God
Almighty's earth who are so oppressed and
borne down by a system of taxes, both local
and national, as ours. And yet the gentle
man cites me to what was done twenty
years ago as a reason why I should vote for
subsidies of this kind. I recollect well the
contest between the Cunard line and the Col-
lins line, and voted for the subsidy then
gianted to the American line with Webster
and Clay and the statesmen of that day ; but
1 apprehend, Mr. Speaker, that could they
come down from their high abode to-day and
take a view of the condition of things as we
find them, and see the nation as it were in a
rapid race to national bankruptcy, it seems to
me Clay and Webster and Crittenden, and those
gteat statesmen, would tell us to pause in our
support, of things like this.
Mr. Speaker, 1 believed then, in that day
of universal prosperity, it was right to give all
these facilities that our flag might float over
every sea, and that our commerce might pros-
per. but at present I am one of those who
believe we should adopt a system of rigid
economy, and instead of opening up these
new fields for the expenditure of the national
treasure, we should everywhere possible reduce
the taxes which bear down the masses of the
people.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I voted
when this question was before the House the
other day for giving this aid to the Brazil
steamship line. I also voted, for the reasons
which I gave at considerable length, for the
China mail line. The Brazil proposition was
not discussed before the House. The Japan
and Chinese proposition was discussed for
several days, and at great length, and when it
came back from the Senate it was rediscussed,
and the whole ground gone q,ver; but the pre-
vious questiou was called within the first five
minutes on the Brazil line, and no opportunity
was given to its friends to present, its merits,
or indeed to its enemies to attack it. For the
same general reasons that I was in favor of
the China mail lino, that is, for the promotion
and extension of American commerce on the
Pacific, I am in favor of extending our rela-
tions by the same means upon the Atlantic.
I would be glad, were it possible, by every
means to extend American commerce to every
continent and to every inhabited island in the
sea. i believe it is the mission of the Amer-
ican Government to do more than merely lie
as a log upon the waters, merely to drift. 1
think it should represent the spirit of enter-
prise of the American people, and facilitate
commercial enterprises in all directions, en-
terprises like those which other enlightened
Governments foster, m order to extend the
trade and power, and to promote the commer-
cial importance of its people.
1 believe there is no sympathy on the part,
of the American people with that, spirit which
would fetter all enterprises of the American
people, which would forbid any aid on the
part of the Government to give them success.
Why, sir, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbki.l] says we are on the verge of bank-
ruptcy because of our late war, and for that
reason he now opposes these measures which
twenty years ago he voted in favor of. I say
neither the American Treasury nor the Amer-
ican people is on the verge of bankruptcy.
Our trade, our resources, in spite of the war,
are immensely greater in proportion to what
they were twenty years ago, when a like sub-
sidy was given to the Collins line of American
si earners. Look to your great W est and see the
multiplied towns, the vast railway enterprises,
our extended wealth, the prosperity and thrift
in all direciions. A further West contributes
its millions in gold and grain and wine, while
the sea-board shows great cities where there
were villages or virgin nature.
The American people are strong and able.
Taxation for a purpose like this is not like
throwing water into the sea. Taxation which
aids enterprises like this is like sprinkling
water upon the soil, watering the plants so
that they spring up and bear fruit,, and the
nation reaps the crop. These national enter-
prises give bone and pith and power of defense
to the country. They give opulence and large
ideas to the people. Commerce by means like
this goes out and brings us into intimate rela-
tions with other nations, and the contact is
necessarily beneficial to the whole of the peo-
ple. It makes no difference whether they
dwell m the city of New York or on the banks
of the Mississippi; wherever theyare the ben-
efit they experience from commerce is direct.
For these reasons I voted for aid to a com-
mercial line on the Pacific side of the conti-
nent. But I am not piovincial in my ideas.
I believe ill giving aid also on the Atlantic
side ; that this line ought to be fostered ; and
that in this respect we ought to follow the
example of other civilized nations. For these
national and public reasons I shall give my
vote to this proposition.
RISTUltN OK A BILL.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by unanimous
consent, offered the following resolution :
Hevolved, That the Clerk be directed to request
the return from the Senate of House bill No. 2050.
in order that the name of the party may be cor-
rected in the engrossment.
Mr. HOLMAN. What bill is this ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. That relating
to the Underhill claim. The object is to cor-
rect a mistake in one of the initials of the
name.
The resolution was agreed to.
MESSAGE KttOM THE SBNATE
A message from the Senate, by Mr. SYiMPSON,
ono of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the resolution of the
House of Representatives for the suspension of
the sixteenth and seventeenth joint rules during
the remaining days of the present session of
Congress.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the amendments of the
House of Representatives to bills of the Senate
of the following titles:
A bill (S. No. 908) for the relief of John
Potts, chief clerk of the War Department;
A bill (S. No. 197) for the relief of the
widow of D. Jay Brown, deceased ;
A bill (S. No. 159) conferring upon the
Court of Claims power t,o hear and determine
the claim of J. W. Pairish & Co. for damages
for the alleged violation of their contract with
the United States for the delivery of ice; and
A bill (S. No. 998) relating to the creation
of new laud districts.
POST Oi'b'tCK aitiiopuiation bill.
The JIousc resumed consideration of the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
Post Ollice appropriation, bill.
Mr. F1NKELNBURG. Some time ago I
expressed my views upon this whole matter
of subsidies, and I have found no occasion
since to change them. I said then that I
believed this policy of voting public money to
aid private enterprises, under some vague
notion or idea that they are to return some
public good for it to the people, is altogether
wrong in theory and in practice.
I desire to-day simply to refer to repeated
statements which have been made by gentle-
men in the course of the debate with reference
to the policy of England, Germany, and France.
It has been stated that these nations have all
adopted the subsidy system as a- part of their
permanent policy. As to Germany, that is a
mistake. Germany to-day does a great portion
of the carrying trade for this country, and
withouta dollar of subsidy. She does it simply
by buying her ships where she can buy them
cheapest, and by an economical management
of those ships after she gets them. By that
policy she has been enabled recently to as-
sume a prominent position among the sea-
faring nations of the world, and she is yearly
adding splendid lines of steamers to her com-
mercial marine and to the carrying trade of
this country.
England subsidizes her steamers; but in her
case there is a reason which, it seems to me,
has been entirely left out of this debate.
Great Britain is a part of that complicated
European system, with all its questions of bal-
ance of power and mutual relations of
strength between the various countries of that
continent, which compels her to do that by a
commercial marine which the continental
countries of Europe do by standing armies.
Russia, Prussia, France, and other countries
of the continent maintain their weight iu the
scale by keeping up immense standing armies
at great expense; England does it by her
naval power and commercial marine. She has
the latter as an auxiliary to her naval power,
