* 1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2979
would pay a civil engineer who comes into
service to-day the same as a naval constructor
who has been in the service twenty years.
Besides that, it recognizes two assistant engin-
eers, which officers are not now recognized
by law. There are two acting as such, but
without authority. • It would give them a per-
manent standing. The amendment has re-
ceived full consideration before to-day by the
Committee on Appropriations, and 1 have no
doubt by the Committee on Naval Affairs as
well, and it ought not to be adopted.
Mr. STEVENSON. Whether the amend-
ment ought to be adopted is one thing; whether
it is in order is another. I thought we were
discussing the question of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Jersey had modified his amendment
in such a way as to relieve it of the point of
order.
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish to suggest another
modification which I believe the Senator from
New Jersey agrees to, to strike out the words
"according to continuous service." The reason
for thai is that there are two civil engineers
who have not been in the service continuously
although they are very good men. It would
operate to their disadvantage.
Mr. STOCKTON. I accept the modification.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, as
modified, as follows:
Provided, That the pay of civil engineers in the
Navy shall be. during the fiscal year ending June
30,1873, the same as now fixed by law for naval con-
structors; and the pay of assistant civil engineers
shall bo the same as now fixed by law for assistant
naval constructors.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Do I understand that
it gives these civil engineers the additional
pay that is given for length of service in the
Navy? That certainly ought not to be.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will just read the law as
it now stands. "Naval constructors for the
first five years after the date of appointment"
get $3,200; the second five years, §3,400; the
third five years, $3,700. Civil engineers for
the first five years now get $2,400; by this
amendment they will get §700 more; and for
the second five years, §'2.800, and so on. The
civil engineers are graded as to time the same
as the naval constructors.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does this make new
offices?
Mr. CRAGIN. No new offices.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Sen-
ator from California to say it did.
Mr. CRAGIN. It recognizes assistant civil
engineeis, and by law there is no such office,
although there are two or three clerks acting,
detailed for that purpose and paid some salary,
I do not know what.
Mr. STOCKTON. The chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations is entirely mis-
taken as to the effect of this. It is a very small
matter. After the Naval Committee had acted
upon it with unanimity, and referred it to the
Committee on Appropriations, I requested
one of that committee to examine the subject,
and he told me that he would give notice that
I might come and explain it to the Committee
On Appropriations. I never got any notice ; I
never knew what was done with the amend-
ment. No notice was taken of it whatever
until I offered it to-day, and then the chair-
man of the committee gets up and states its
effect to be entirely different from what the
Naval Committee supposed.
1 will say in brief that for eleven years, from
1856 to 1866, the salaries of naval constructors
a ®'yil engineers averaged, for civil engin-
eers $2,598, naval constructors §2,600. They
were always kept together, and civil engineers
not being in the service, being liable to be dis-
charged at any time, when the thirty-three
per cent, was added to the pay of officers who
W(?r? ln service during the war, on account
of the times being so difficult they could not
 ve, the thirty-three per cent, was not added
to the civil engineers, and when Congress
passed the law called the Drake pay bill, they
increased the pay of all those who had got the
increase of thirty-three per cent. So they pun-
ished the civil engineers a second time, because
they did notget the thirty-three percent. That
is the position of it.
I do not want to occupy time, because it
will injure the amendment to talk about it if
it, has a chance of adoption, but I do not want
to be misunderstood by the Senate after the
trouble we have had. The average pay of
civil engineers has varied but little during the
past sixteen years, and is now substantially the
same as at the beginning of the war.
Since 18G1 the pay of the constructors has
been increased, to suit the changed circum-
stances of the times, so as to stand now $875
more than they received at the beginning of
the war. That perhaps is enough for me to
say on the subject. That is the view of the
Department, and I only offer the amendment
at the request of the Department and by direc-
tion of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. On the ruling of the Chair I
think the amendment I proposed is now ad-
missible. I should like to have it reported to
see. It does not increase anybody's salary.
The PRESIDING OFFICE#*.' The Chair
thinks the amendment offered by the Senator
from Nevada is clearly out of the rule. It
proposes to amend the law.
Mr. NYE. Will not the Chair be as kind
to me as he was to the Senator from New
Jersey, and suggest, what will make it come
within the rule? [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
as at present occupied is liable to rule erro-
neously, and is very willing to be overruled.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time.
Mr. CASSERLY addressed the Senate.
[His remarks will appear in the Appendix.]
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I have lis-
tened with attention to the honorable Senator
from California. I know how deliberately and
carefully he speaks, and I wanted to hear this
case on his side stated fully and fairly. It is
with reluctance that I attempt to construe a
law ; but I have some little sense of equity and
justice, and some idea of what law ought to be.
The Secretary of the Navy has been accused
and denounced before the country for violating
law and for doing unlawful acts. Sir, I main-
tain that he has the law on his side, and that
he has justice and equity on his side, and lias
had throughout. In the first place I want it
distinctly understood—and there is the error
of the whole ease—that the Secretary of the
Navy had full, ample, and complete power,
and always did have, to pay without coming
here for every dollar of additional material
and every dollar of labor, and the money was
appropriated for that purpose and was in the
Treasury. The Secretary had no need to
come here in 1867 for any such authority, and
he did not come here for it. No such author-
ity was required ; none was asked; none was
given. There was not a man in Congress who
supposed we were giving any such authority.
Why? The Secretary had the authority, and
the money was in the Treasury for the pur-
poses of construction. In all cases, all along
through the war whenever changes were made
and additional material furnished or additional
labor required, the Secretary had the matter
examined by a board, and paid the parties
out of the fund for construction. That has
been the practice of this Government all along.
I repeat the declaration, that the Secretary
wanted no authority to settle with anybody;
he did not come here for it; and Congress did
not give it to him ; and that fact might as well
be understood first as last. After examining
and adjusting those claims for additional ma-
terial and additional work, the Secretaiy of
the Navy paid them. He had a right to do it,
and everybody acquiesced in it. There is no
more doubt of the law for doing it than there
is that, he had power to pay any part of any
claim for construction.
Mr. CASSERLY. If the Secretary possessed
that general power, what was the necesstty of
these statutes?
Mr. WILSON. I will tell the Senator what
the necessity for the statute was. Every dollar
of material, every dollar of labor the Secretary
had power to settle for without coming to Con-
gress, and he had the money in the Treasury,
lie did not come here for that authority. He
did not ask for it; Congress did not give it to
him, and did not intend to give it to him.
There were claims for damages oil account of
delay, and claimants were before the Depart-
ment for those damages. The Secretary had
no authority to settle those damages; he could
not do it. They came to Congress and asked
us for power to settle these claims for damages
on account of the delays and action of the
Government, and Congress gave that power.
That is why the act of 1867 was passed. A
board was appointed, and that board construed
the law to mean, (not authority to examine
claims for material or for labor, because the
Secretary had that power already; the prac-
tice of the Government for generations had
been that way,) just what it was asked for ori-
ginally, and just what Congress intended it to
be ; and that was to consider the damages—
that is the proper word—caused hy the action
of the Government.
This board did consider the claims for dam-
ages, and they awarded what was deemed just
to the different parties, and their report was
made. In that report they nowhere provide
for payment for additional material or labor ;
but they report claims for damages, that is
the meaning of it, occasioned by the neglect
or the action of the Government. They did
not take this case into consideration. That is
admitted. This claim had been under con-
sideration ; the money was due before 1864;
it went before a board established in 1864 by
the order of the Navy Department of March,
1864, to examine certain cases, but, was never
reached ; it was never rejected—never. The
claim was urged, not perhaps so persistently
as some others where the necessities of the
claimants were greater. This work had been
hurried forward; the ships were in active
service. The constructors were not so hungry
for their pay ; and those who pressed hardest
received their pay before they could have
their claim examined and adjusted.
These are the facts of the case. The board
created by the act of 1807 made their report.
Did we pass an act to settle with all persons
who had claims against the Government? No,
sir. Did we pass an act to settle the claims
for materials and for labor ? No, sir; we did
nothing of the kind. We provided for the
settlement, according to the report of this
board of officers, just what they had reported.
Suppose we had owed these parties §1,000,000
for building vessels, and a small claim for
damages, and a bill had been reported in full
for all the board reported, and we had passed
that bill, and then should say, "We do not
owe anything."
Sir, this is one of the most unjust accusa-
tions ever made against a public man in
•America. I have never since I have had a
seat on this floor seen anything so unjust, so
irrational, so wicked as this assault upon the
Secretary of the Navy. Whether made in the
Senate or out of the Senate, it is unjust, cruel,
based upon technicalities, and has neither
justice nor law nor fair pl<:y in it.
Sir, the Secretary acted according to law in
examining the claim for labor and for materials
actually furnished, and he had as much right
to do that, as he would have had to pay for a
whole vessel on which net a dollar had been
paid. He- acted according to 'he law, appointed
a board; a portion of this board had seen the
ships built, had sjen the work done, and this
board examined it. Everybody knew that it,
was not intended in the award under the law
