1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
118?
had been made by the Mexican Government,
should be held sacred by the Government of
the United States. In order to carry out that
provision of the treaty, the Government of the
United States required the parties claiming
under those grants to go before a commission,
allowing an appeal from the decision of that
commission to the courts, until finally the Su-
preme Court was reached. Persons who had
been in possession of their lands for genera-
tions, who had their children born there, who
had pastured there their flocks and herds on
their old ranches, suddenly found themselves
by this legislation of CoDgress bound to come
forward and prove that they had any right
whatever to their lands. It must be admitted
that it was a great hardship to require these
persons, many of them unacquainted with our
laws and customs, to come forward under
many disadvantages, the prey of lawyers, and
at great expense, to show that they had any
right to this land that they possessed. I think
they should have been remitted to local courts
to establish their rights only when challenged ;
not that the Government should challenge
every possession and set its legal officers and
courts to find flaws that would destroy prop-
erty rights. Fraudulent claims have been pre-
ferred under the system we adopted, it is true.
In fact the system encouraged frauds, as a
fraudulent case is always better gotten up than
an honest one.
In many cases the claimants have suffered
great injustice. I have in my mind the case
of one old Spaniard, in whose case for years
our best lawyers in San Francisco advised that
the title was perfect. Money was freely loaned
on the property, and most of it changed hands
in small parcels. The person received his
grant of land for eminent services to the Mex-
ican Government. He was wealthy, and ha,d
furnished supplies to aid the Government in
time of extremity, had furnished its troops
and naval forces with means whereby they
were able to keep in the field or at sea. By
some superior legal cunning on the part of
those who opposed the grant that had been
made to him, after his title had been confirmed
by the land commission and by the district
court of the United States, the Supreme Court
of the United States held that it was invalid.
Afterward, there having been two cities grown
up on this land, the Government came in and
provided that those who held under this per-
son should have a right to buy of the United
States at $1 25 an acre, to repair the dam-
ages done by this unexpected decision of the
Supreme Court.
And there were other cases of the same
kind. In this Miranda case the parties—and
so very good lawyers advised them—supposed
that there was a right of intervention under
the statutes of the United States. Ortega was
a son-in-law and rival claimant of Miranda.
There was a question between the two parties
as to which really had the superior right to
it, both being in possession. There was some
friendly arrangement made by which one with-
drew before the land commission, intending to
intervene in the district court. But after that
investigation was made, the Supreme Court
ruled that such intervention should not be
allowed. Since that time they have not slept
upon their claim. There has been an attempt
made to have Congress recognize this claim,
and allow these parties to sue to show their
rights, as they would have done at first but
for their misinformation upon their rights.
There is a book called Tomas de Razon. a
record of the titles of land granted by the
Mexican Government in Upper and Lower
California. This book is kept with all the
solemnity which pertains to any records of
property. That book is a test or a touch-stone
by which bad claims can be sifted out from
good claims, If those records oontain the
names of the parties claiming the land, and
also a description of the grant, that is taken
by our courts as conclusive evidence in their
favor. After the time for this intervention had
passed, these books were brought from Mex-
ico, and it was found, as I am informed, that
this Miranda grant was there named with all
the solemnity that could attach to any grant.
We, in California, feel a great interest in this
matter, not so much on account of this claim-
ant as upon account of the citizens of Peta-
luma. The Government of the United States,
on the rejection by the Supreme Court of the
right of intervention and the rejection of the
Ortega grant, proceeded to sell to parties in
possession under its preemption and town-site
laws this property upon which is now situated
the city of Petalama. But any man, I think,
who examines the facts and ascertains the
origin of this title, must concede that the Gov-
ernment had no right to sell that land ; that
the title was really in Miranda, and that some
time or other justice must be done to the
claimant. Now, if Miranda's successor is
willing to accept other land instead of the
specific property in question, the taking of
which would dispossess five thousand people
of $2,000,000 worth of property, if he is will-
ing to accept unoccupied land elsewhere, it
seems to me it is undoubtedly the wisest policy
for the Government to accede to the proposi-
tion, in order to remove the cloud from the
title which it has granted to these people
whose money it has had foryears in itsTreasury.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think it is very
evident that the House cannot, from this brief
debate, understand the legal bearings of this
bill, however ably the gentleman from Cali-
fornia may explain it, and I suggest to him
that it be sent to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary for further examination.
Mr. SARGENT. The bill is unanimously
reported by the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In its bearing upon
the public lands the bill may be well enough,
but we want it examined in its bearing upon
the courts.
Mr. SARGENT. What I have stated has
been designed to show that the claim has an-
tiquity ; that it is sanctioned by Mexican law;
that it is attested by the highest Mexican au-
thority, by written authority in regard to which
there can be no suspicion of collusion or mis-
representation. The validity of what I state
is, according to the proposition of the bill, to
be tested in the ordinary legal forms before the
judicial tribunals of the country, with oppor-
tunity for contest by the United States district
attorney. All that is asked is an opportunity
for these parties to be heard, and when they
are willing to accept—instead of the land in
question, which is now worth millions and is
increasing in value every day—unoccupied
lands of the United States, I trust there will
be no objection to this mode of escape for the
grantees of the General Government.
Mr. BINGHAM. My attention has never
been called to this bill until just now ; but as
I understand, in the event of a certain decree
that may be rendered, the United States will be
obliged to give, for the satisfaction of this claim,
other lands equal in quantity at least to the
original grant.
Mr. SARGENT. But they cannot equal it
in value.
Mr. BINGHAM. That may or may not be;
but according to the bill the appeal is left merely
to the election of the parties whoever they may
be; and the bill is silent as to who is to be the
party adverse to the claimant.
Mr. SARGENT. The United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. The bill does not say so.
But at any rate the United States is affected
in a certain event by the decree in this case to
the extent that scrip is to be issued and land
of the United States to be entered equal in
quantity at least to the original grant from
Mexico.
Mr. SARGENT. It is the duty of the Uni-
ted States district attorney, by express statute,
to appear and defend all such cases.
Mr. BINGHAM. The bill, as I have said,
leaves the right of appeal subject to the elec-
tion of whoever may be engaged in carrying on
the suit. I ask that the word " may" in the
third section be struck out, and the word
"shall" substituted, so that there shall be an
appeal, as a matter of course, to the Supreme
Court.
Mr. SARGENT. There is no objection to
that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hearing no
objection, the amendment suggested, to strike
out " may" and insert "shall," so that the
clause will read, "an appeal shalLbe taken,"
will be considered as adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it not in order to
move the reference of this bill to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary ?
The SPEAKER. The gen tleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Townsend] is upon the
floor, and, as the Chair understands, demands
the previous question.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Yes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the previous
question be not seconded, it will then be in
order to move the reference of the bill to the
Committee on the Judiciary ?
The SPEAKER. It will be.
The previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
put.
Mr. Coghlan's amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AUGUSTUS WATSON.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
back the memorial of Augustus Watson for
inventing newspaper and other envelopes;
and the same was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
joiin p. LAWSON.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the same com-
mittee, also reported back the memorial of
John F. Lawson, for pay due him as a mail
contractor in 18fil; and the same was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
SOLOMON BOOKS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the same com-
mittee, also reported back a bill (H. R. No.
1G51) to provide for the payment to Solomon
Books for services as mail-route agent; and
the same was referred to the Committee of
Claims.
OITAUNCEY M. LOCKWOOD.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the same com-
mittee, also reported back a bill (H. R. No.
160) for the relief of Chauncey M. Lockwood;
and the same was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
JOHN PETER HEINRICKS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the same com-
mittee, also reported back the petition of John
Peter Heinrichs, praying for relief as a sub-
contractor for carrying the mails from Mani-
toowoc to Menasha, Wisconsin; and the same
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
IIENKY FUI.I3N WIDER.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the same com-
mittee, also reported back a bill (II- R- No.
1112) for the relief of the heirs of Henry Fuh
enwider, deceased ; and the same was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
L. F. WARE.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the same com-
mittee, also reported back the petition of h.
F. Ware, praying Congress to grant royalty on
