1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
208B
Mr. NORWOOD, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, to whom was referred
(he petition of Harriet Spring, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 905) for
the relief of Harriet Spring, the heir of Cap-
tain Williams Barker, deceased.
The bill was read and passed to the second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. G80) to encourage the growth of timber on
western prairies, have instructed me to report
it back, each member of the committee reserv-
ing the right, however, to move any amend-
ment that he may choose when the bill comes
before the Senate for consideration. We report
it back substantially as it came to the commit-
tee ; and 1 also present a communication from
the Department on the subject, which I desire
to have printed.
The communication was ordered to be
printed.
EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Some time since, on
the 9th. of February last, 1 think, pending the
discussion of the amnesty bill, an assault was
made on the character of three citizens of
South Carolina. Not long afterward I re-
ceived a communication from them, which I
desire to have put upon the records, and I ask
to have it read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Washington, February 19, 1872.
Gentlemen: In the leport of the debate in tho
Senate mi (ho amnesty bill we observe with surprise
and indignation that we have been charged directly
and indirectly with being connected with the Ku
Klux organization ill South Carolina.
It has been declared on the floor of the Senate
that there is now in the possesion of the executive
department of the Government of the United States
evidence which shows that we are at tins moment,
or were a month ago, the advisory board ot the Ku
Klux Klan. These are grave charges, emanating
as they do from a Senator of the United States, and
promulgated as they wore before the highest legis-
lative tribunal of tho country. Apprehending that
our silence on the subject, which so nearly touches
our honor and reputation, may be construe I into an
admission of guilt, we have repaired to tho Capitol
to meet these charges and seek through you, tho
representatives ot South Carolinain the Senate, our
vindicition from these degrading imputations by
the presentation in some proper way of this com-
munication before the same tnbunal in winch they
were announced.
Any chargo that wo or either of us have at any
time aided, abetted, counseled, countenanced, or
approved the Ku Klux or any unlawful association
in South Carolina m any violation of law or the
rights of citizens of any class is utterly and entirely
fal.-e, whatever be the evidence on which the same
be based.
If the executive department has in its possession,
as is alleged, the evidence of our complicity with
these offenses, we can only say that we hold ourselves
in readiness, at all times, to establish our innocence
before the proper legal tribunal and the enlight-
ened public opinion of the country.
Very respectfully, your obedient servants,
WADE HAMPTON,
J. B. KKits 11 AW,
M. C. BUl'LER.
Hon. T. J. Robertson and Hon. F. A. Sawyer,
United Senate.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President, this
letter has been in my hands lor some tune;
but on account of indisposition and on account,
of other matters interfering I have not pre-
sented it at an earlier period. T had hoped to
bring up the amnesty bill, on which matters
pertaining to my State would come up, and I
would have the letter read at that tune. I
know these gentlemen, as I said before, and
1 think them incapable of being engaged in
any way as members of the Ku Klux Klan. 1
merely wish the letter read to put them on
the record as they desire to be put.
Mr. BLAIR. In connection with the letter
which has just been read and the statement
made by the Senator from South Carolina, I
desire to say to the Senate that upon the same
occasion it was announced here in the debate
which occurred then that Hon. Reverdy John-
son and Mr. Stanbery, who were counsel for
the prisoners charged with being Ku Klux in
South Carolina, had abandoned their case;
that they were so disgusted with the atrocilies
proven that they had abandoned the case. I
have in my hand a letter from Mr. Johnson,
which I desire in this connection to have read.
The Chief Clsrk read as follows:
Baltimore, February 19,1872,
My Dear General: Your letter of the 18th in-
stant has just reached me. It gives me the first
information I have had that lion. Mr. Edmunds,
of Vermont, made the statement in the Senate
which you quote as reported in the Globe of the
10th instant. It is utterly unfounded and untrue.
Neither my colleague, Mr. Stn.nhory, nor myself
abandoned or thought of abandoning the cases to
which the Senator reterred for the reasons assigned
by him or tor any other reasons. So far from having
done so, we remained in Columbia taking part in
the trials until we had accotnpiisbed all that, we had
hoped for or endeavored to accomplish, which was
to get the constitutional questions arising under the
acts of 1870-71 before the Supreme Court ot the Uni-
ted States. This we did, and the questions are to
be argued in that tribunal on tho 18th of March
next.
Since the receipt of yourletter, I have understood
that in the debate to which you refer tho same Sen-
ator and ofjiers made imputations against, you and
Generals ICershaw and Butler. There certainly was
no proof given orproffered whitel was in Columbia
which implicated either of you, and although I saw
there persons of every political opinion, and cm-
versed freely with them, I never heard tho least
intimation that either of you had any connection
whatever with the Ku Klux organi'/ntion.
From my knowledge of Mr. Edmunds, I am satis-
fied he has received his information from a source
which bethought he might confide in; butwhat-
ever it may ha ve been, he wa,s grossly deceived, and
induced to make charges which are utterly untrue.
I remain, with much regaid, your obedient ser-
vant, llUVERDY JOHNSON.
Major General Wade Hampton.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ These papers
have been presented by unanimous consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask unanimous consent
to present myself, as 1 seem to be on trial.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont asks unanimous consent to
make a statement. The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. ■ I did not hear the first
part of that letter, which seems to have ar-
rived here by way of South Carolina, starting
at Baltimore, but the substance of it seems to
be that I stated untruly the disappearance of
Mr. Johnson and Mr. Stanbery from the cele-
brated trials at Columbia. What 1 stated was
that public report was so and so, which ap-
peared in all the newspapers; and 1 just as
much believed at that time that they did
abandon those trials and came away before
they were ended, as I believed that the trials
took place ; and I must say in frankness that
I believe it yet.
The question that Mr. Johnson seems to
send to us in this way, by way of South Caro-
lina and Missouri, is one of' the precise mean-
ing of woids. It seems, according to his let-
ter, that I used the word " abandoned.'' He
says he did not abandon ; hestaid until he had
accomplished his mission, which was to raise
a legal question, and came away then. I called
it "abandoned." That isachoiee of epithets
or adjectives. It reminds me. very much of
a ciiiicism that was made upon the bravery of
the American soldiery at Bladensburg on a
certain occasion during the war of 1812, where
some of the participators in lliat noble exploit
which abandoned the capital (if I may use the
word abandoned again) to the mercy of the
British, lied. One of the officers was being
complained of about it; and he said no, the
Army did not flee by anymeans, batthe Amer-
icans did not seem to take any interest, and
went away. [Laughter.]
Now, I think I am justified again in repeat-
ing, as this matter seems to be forced upon the
Senate, that after a ct-riaiu stage in the de-
velopment of those trials was reached which
showed the extent of the conspiracy, and after
hoirible atrocities which human language can-
not sufficiently describe m horror had been
made known to them, these gentlemen found
it convenient to leave the continuance of this
defense to other parties, having raised, if you
please, their legal questions. I thought it waa
an honor to them. If they think it is a doubt-
ful honor, and that they ought to have defended
further, that is a question of taste which I am
not to discuss here.
Then, as to Kershaw, I did not state that tie
appeared on these trials ; that Kershaw or any
ot these peopie were connected with the Klan.
Kershaw was not on trial; neither was Butler.
What. 1 stated was that the judicial officers of
the United States in that disttic! had, as 1 was
credibly informed, in their possession the evi-
dence which would go to convict these persons
of being, 1 believe, the advisory board of.this
Klan, whatever that may be. That was what
I stated ; and if it is necessary I repeat that
I am thus credibly informed. And when the
United States will furnish that curse ridden
people with tho judicial means of carrying on
those trials, with force enough, with judges
and marshals anil the other appliances of jus-
tice to go through with the trials, I have very
good reason to believe that evidence of that
kind will be produced.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT'. Does the Senator
from Missouri desire unanimous consent to
proceed ?
Mr. BLAIR. I wish to say a few words.
The VICE PRESIDE NT. The Senator from
Missouri desires unanimous consent, to make
a statement. The Chair hears 110 objection.
Mr. BLAIR. In response to what has fallen
from the Senator from Veimont, I desire to
say that, so far from abandoning the Ivu Klux
cases we have the statement here of Hon.
Reverdy Johnson that he and Mr. Stanbery
remained there and accomplished all that they
sought to accomplish in preparing a ease for
the Supreme Court of the United States. They
did not, like the Americans at Bladensburg,
as stated by the Senator, take so little interest
in the matter as to leave, hut they took suffi'
cient, interest to come here to the city of Wash-
ington and appear in the cases here, and argue
them on the 18th of March before the Supreme
Court. There is nothing that, these gentlemen
have uttered giving authority to any one to say
that tliey were so disgusted with the outrages
committed that they had abandoned the cases.
There is no justification for it whatever except
in the gentleman's own imagination.
Further, in regard to the gentlemen who
were accused of being the advisory board, the
Senator said that he had beeu informed that
there was proof in the hands of the Execu-
tive—I think that was his language 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Evidence in the hands
of the judicial authorities. I did not say
"proof." There is a difference between proof
and evidence.
Mr. BLAIR. I submit to the Senator's
criticism. The Senate and the country un-
derstand what I mean. What 1 propose to
say in regard to that is that these gentlemen
came here to Washington city immediately
upon reading the report of that debate, pre-
sented themselves here, and after consulta-
tion gave the statement which has been pre-
sented to the Senate to-day into the hands
of the Senators from South Carolina, in which
they utterly deny that there is any such avc-
dence, or if there is, they say it is false evi-
dence ; they defy the Government to prose-
cute them, and I think that the Senator,
having had this information, as I have no
doubt, he had, and relying upon it, when
the.se gentlemen have come forward and pre-
sented their statement., knowing the charac-
ter of these men, he should not reiterate the
charges he formerly made against theiu. It
it is proper for ltini to do so, it becomes
those who know the mer.tsof these gentlemen
to state again on the floor of the Senate and
to the country that nobody, perhaps with the
exception of the Senator from Vermont, be-
. iieves any such charge against them. I do
t not believe you can find any person besides
