1872.}
APPENDIX TO T0E CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
42d Cong....2d Sess,
Senator from North Carolina—Mr. Thurman.
Senate.
Norton, Nye. Osborn, Patterson of New Hampshire,
Patterson of Tennessee, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Bice,
Robertson, Ross. Sherman, Spencer, Stewart. Sum-
ner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Warner, Welch, White,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—46."
Now, I should like any Senator who voted
for that bill to tell me how he can vote to seat
Joseph C. Abbott when he has there recorded
his vote that so far from the election of a man
under disabilities being void, his title to the
office may be rendered perfectly good by the
removal of his disabilities, and-upon that doc-
trine voted to put in the chair of chief justice
of a State a man who had been elected while
he was under disabilities, and voted to do it
speedily that he might take his seat as chief
justice, as the Senator from South Carolina
requested, the very next week after the bill
should be passed.
Every Senator who so voted thereby com-
mitted himself to this doctrine, a doctrine
from which not one of them has ever departed
since, and if they will only stand to the same
doctrine to-day, there will be no trouble in
disposing of the claim of Mr. Abbott. But,
Mr. President, let us look at some other cases,
for this was not a thing done in a corner. 'You
see it was not a thing hidden under a bushel.
You see the facts were perfectly understood
by the Senate.
Now let us see some more cases of the same
kind. I ask the attention of the Senate to the
case of R. W. Best and Samuel F. Phillips,
of North Carolina, January 8, 1869, page 258
of the Congressional Globe, second session
Fortieth Congress. This was a bill to remove
the disabilities of Best and Phillips. Who
put that bill through the Senate? Mr. Joseph
C. Abbott,-then Senator from North Carolina,
put it through. On what ground did -he put
it through? He shall answer for himself. Mr.
Howard demanded an explanation of the bill.
He wanted to know why these men's disabil-
ities should be removed, and Mr. Abbott said:
" lean answer the question of the gentleman from
Michigan. I know both of these men perfectly well,
and it is perfectly proper that their disabilities be
removed. Mr. 13est has been appointed clerk of the
supreme court, a,nd tho court is now m session and
waiting for his disabilities to be removed, so that he
can act. I received a dispatch this morning from
the Governor requesting me to have it done to-day."
Phillips was in the same category. What
did Mr. Fessenden say on that bill? I read
this, and I beg the attention of the Senate par-
ticularly to it, because I have more of the same
literature presently. Mr. Fessenden said in
regard to the bill:
"Now, sir, for myself i have been in fayor of giv-
ing that power in Congress "—
That is, the power of removing disabilities—
"a very liberal interpretation, and if reasonable
evidence was offered that men really were disposed
to be good citizens and do their duty, and had com-
mitted no very flagrant offenses, I have thought it
would be good policy to relieve ttiein as fast as we
could, and do away with the distinction thus made.
"Now, sir, what evidence have we in these par-
ticular eases? We have the evidenee that these
men have been elected to office by our Iriends, by
Union men, by the Union party of their State. That
of itself is a pretty good indorsement. It shows the
estimation in which they are held by those upon
whose judgments we rely and upon whose loyalty
we rely."
Mr. Fessenden said that the fact that the
men had been elected was a sufficient reason
for removing their disabilities. Then Mr.
Howard ceased to oppose the bill and said:
" I understand, however, from the honorable Sen-
atorfroinNorth Carolina that these gentlemen have
the confidence of the Republican party in that State,
and that the judges of the court itself are especially
anxious that the reporter should be relieved of his
disabilities. Having received this information, which
is to me satisfactory, I will, with the leave of the
Senate, withdraw my motion to refer."
And then the bill was read the third time
and passed nemine contnidicoute. There is
a case of- a bill put through by Mr. Abbott in
respect to two of his own constituents who
had been appointed to office while their dis-
abilities were upon them; and those disabilities
were removed for the express purpose of en-
abling them to take those, offices, and they
took the offices just the moment their disabil-
ities were removed. Mr. Abbott urged that it
be done that very day, and the Senate did it
by a unanimous vote.
Now, let us look at another case, December
17, 1868, page 120 of the same volume of the
Congressional Globe. It was the case of quite
a number of persons. The bill was taken up
on the motion of Mr. Sawyer, of South Caro-
lina, and he stated the. necessity for action
upon it. He said:
" Mr. Sawxee. I will say in regard to the names
from South Carolina which are included in the
amendment, that they are names which have all
been passed upon by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary of the Senate and reported on favorably by that
committee, and they are offered here as an amend-
ment for the purpose of gaining time. It is neces-
sary that the disabilities should be removed from
these persons before the recess "—
That is, before the Christmas recess of
Congress—
"in order to enable them to qualify for offices to
which they have been elected before the 1st of Jan-
uary. There are no names in the amendment, with
the exception of the last two, whioh have not been
passed on by the Judiciary Committee of the Sen-
ate, and those two I was requested to add by the
Senator from North Carolina;"
Here, then, is the statement upon which the
Senator from South Carolina urged that Con-
gress should before the Christmas recess pass
that bill, that these men who had been elected
while under disabilities might before the 1st
day of January take their offices; and there
are about twenty or thirty of them, and I do
not know but more than that. What did the
Senate do after that appeal upon that subject?
I will tell you what the Senate did. It passed
the bill by a vote of 44 to 3 ; and I do not see
now in the Senate one man who was in the
Senate then who did not vote for that bill.
Every man who is in the Senate to-day who
was in the Senate then voted for the bill. Now,
how can gentlemen stand up here and say that
Congress did not recogfiize, that the Senate
did not recognize that the election of those men
was a valid election, only subject to be avoided
by the refusal of Congress to remove their dis-
abilities? Who is there to say that the elec-
tion of those men was void and the minority
candidates were elected? If that was the fact,
what right had you, Senators, to put those men
in office in violation of the rights of the men
who were entitled to the offices?
But let us take one more case. I must not
weary your patience with reading. I might
go on and read from the proceedings at every
session of Congress just precisely the same
thing. It reminds one of some lines in a
charming song that Parepa Rosa sings ;
" The same old stoiy was told again,
At live o'clock ill the morning."
It would be the same old story throughout
every session of Congress, the removal of the
disabilities of persons who had been elected
while under disability for the express purpose
of enabling them to take their offices. I will
not trouble the Senate with many more, but I
will refer to one or two.
Here is the case of John G. Stokes, of Ala-
bama. Mr. Warner asked the Senate to pass
the bill. He had been elected to the office of
county solicitor or prosecuting attorney of the
county of Montgomery, Alabama:
"The court meets next Monday"—
I am reading from the statement of Mr.
Warner—
" and it will be impossible for him to enter upon
the discharge of the duties of his office without this
relief."
That was the ground on which Mr. Warner
put it, that Stokes had been elected, mark it;
this was in 1869, and the court was to meet
the next Monday, and the Senate was asked to
remove his disabilities that he might take his
office. What did the Senate do ? They passed
the bill by a unanimous vote, and my brother 11
Rice, who signed the minority report in this
case, was one of the men, as the record shows,"
who helped to get that bill through.
Mr. ALCORN. If the honorable Senator
will permit me to interrupt him for a moment
I will give another ease.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. ALCORN. It is one that occurred
in Mississippi under the reconstruction act.
There were many persons elected to the Legis-
lature, several to both houses, who were labor-
ing under disabilities, and after the convoca-
tion of that Legislature under the law of Con-
gress, a petition was -sent forward stating the
fact that those persons elected to the Legisla-
ture of Mississippi could not take the oath, that
they were under disabilities. The Legislature
mcmoralized Congress upon the facts, and
urged that those who had been elected, with-
out regard to party, should have their disabil-
ities removed. Congress responded to this
appeal, their disabilities were removed, and
they took their seats.
One more case: a judge was appointed by
myself while I was Governor of the State
of Mississippi, whom I knew to be under dis-
abilities at the time, the State senate knew he
was under disabilities at the time, and with
the knowledge of his disabilities confirmed the
appointment. That appointee came with the
facts to Congress of his appointment by the
Governor, of his confirmation by the Senate,
and laid the facts before Congress. Congress
responded to the petition of. the Governor
and the Legislature, his disabilities were
removed, and he now holds the office of chan-
cellor of the State of Mississippi.
Mr. THURMAN. I am very much obliged
to the Senator from Mississippi for callipg our
attention to those eases, which are so perti-
nent. I might call the attention of the Sen-
ate to others in every southern State. The
truth is, the South is now full of officers who
hold their offices under this interpretation of
the Constitution. But, sir, I will not take
up the time of the Senate except to refer to
what was said on the general disability bill
of February 16, 1869. That was a bill that
removed disabilities from an immense number
of people. In the first place, a motion was
made by Mr. Buckalew to strike out the name
of Foster Blodgett, which was opposed by
the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] and
the Senator from Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy,] and
the reason they gave for relieving him was that
be had been elected mayor of the town in
which he lived, and it was necessary to remove
his disabilities in order that he might take that
office, and his disabilities were removed—a
thing which gave us some little trouble after-
ward, for his name became famous after that. "
But Mr. Buckalew insisted on the Judiciary
Committee, or those who had charge of the
subject, stating to the Senate upon what prin-
ciple they went in recommending the removal
of disabilities. The chairman of the com-
mittee, responding for the committee, answered
as follows. After stating the difficulties that
environed the subject, he said:
"Now, before any system has been devised, there
are some particular cases which all agree"—
He is speaking in view of what had been
done by the Senate as well as what had been
done by the committee—
"are sueh as require speedy action on the part of
Congress. Many of the gentlemen whose names are
inserted in this bill'have been elected to oftice m
the various reconstructed States. They have the
indorsement of the people that they are prepared to
support the Constitution and laws, and abide by the
condition of things that exists there."
That is the ground that your Judiciary Com-
mittee took, and that the chairman of that
committee, speaking for it, and speaking for
the Senate too, said was one sufficient ground
upon which disabilities were removed; when
the people bad elected ft wan to effice, and
