1188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0BE.
February 28,
a patent used l>y the Post Office Department;
and the same was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
wilmington anb manchester railroad.
Mr. FARNS WORTH, from the same com-
mittee, also reported back a bill/H. R. No.
1100) to pay the "Wilmington and Manchester.
Railroad Company for carrying United States
mails ; and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
edward v. d0hert1'.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the same com-
mittee, also reported back the petition of
Edward.V. Doherty;and the same was referred
to the Committee of Claims.
william b. wilson.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the same com-
mittee, also reported back a bill (H. R. No.
1300) for the relief of William B. Wilson for
extra service in carrying the United States
mails; and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
glover and mather, and others.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the same com-
mittee, also reported back the petition of
Glover & Mather, and others; a/id the same
was referred to the Committee of Claims,
william s. pike.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, from the same com-
mittee, also reported back the petition of Wil-
liam S. Pike; and the same was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
CHARLES F. TRACY.
Mr. AVERILL, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported back a hill (H. R.
No. 540) for the relief of Charles F. Tracy,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, directs the sum
of $14,650 be appropriated, out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
enable the Secretary of-the Interior to indem-
nify Charles P. Tracy for losses by depreda-
tions by Apache Indians in May, 1870.
Mr. HOAR, I make the point of order that
this bill, making an appropriation, must have
its first consideration in Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and the bill goes to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. DONNAN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported adversely 011 the fol-
lowing petitions; and they were severally laid
on (he table:
The petition of George Baldy, of New-
Orleans, praying for relief; and
The petition of G. W. F. Black, attorney
for L. H. Potterfield, of Loudoun county, Vir-
ginia, for relief for losses sustained during the
war of the rebellion.
isaac b. kinkkad.
Mr. DONNAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 533) for the relief
of Isaac B. Kinkead, to report it back with a
substitute, and to recommend the passage of
the substitute.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the substitute alone will be read.
There was no objection, and the substitute,
a bill (H. R. No. 1670) for the relief of Isaac
15. Kinkead, was read a first and second time.
'It directs the Paymaster General of the Army
to pay to Isaac B. Kinkead, late a captain in
the seventy-seventh regiment Ohio volunteers,
eut of any money appropriated for the pay of
the Army, the full pay and allowances of a
captain of infantry from the 31st day of Octo-
ber, 1862, to the 18th day of April, 1863.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to call the attention
of the Chair to the point of order which is
applicable to this bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. The money which the bill
directs to be paid is already appropriated.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will again
report the bill.
The bill was again read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hoar] must perceive that the
pointof orderisnotgood againstthis bill. The
bill does not of its own force take money out
of the Treasury. It is an evasion which the
rules allow.
Mr. BUCKLEY. If there is a report ac-
companying the bill, I desire to hear it read.
Mr. DONNAN. There is a report, and I
ask that it be read.
The report was read. It states that from
the evidence it appears that the claimant was
commissioned as captain in the seventy-sev-
enth regiment Ohio volunteer infantry on the
8th day of May, 1862, by the Governor of
Ohio, to fill a vacancy occasioned by the sup-
posed death of Captain Chandler, of that regi-
ment, who was reported as killed at the battle
of Shiloh; that claimant entered upon the dis-
charge of his duty in command of the company
on the 25th of April, 1862, and was borne
upon all rolls of that company to Novem-
ber of that year; that Captain Chandler
was not killed, but taken prisoner, and re-
turned to his command in December of that
year, relieving claimant, who requested to be
mustered out, which the colonel -command-
ing refused to do, but detailed him as post
adjutant, and ordered him on duty at Alton
military prison, of which he then had charge;
that during the entire summer of 1862 he was
mustered and paid as present and command-
ing company, and that he was last paid up to
and including October 81, 1862; that on the
November and December muster-rolls he was
reported as on duty as adjutant at Alton prison;
that during the winter of 1862-63 his colonel
reported his case to the War Department,
whereupon, on the 13th of May, 1863, the
Department issued an order, No. 214, direct-
ing that Captain Kinkead be mastered out
as of date October 31,1862, the date of his last
payment, and he was mustered out accord-
ingly. The report also states that it appears
by abundant evidence that claimant was a faith-
ful and efficient officer; that he turned over all
property in his hands to his successor; that
payment has been withheld because he was
reported as a supernumerary officer, and thus
not entitled to payment by law. There is evi-
dence going to show that the order mustering
out was not received by the claimant until May
27,1863. Bat inasmuch as he concedes that
he performed no active duty subsequently to
April 18, 1863, and the claim is beyond the
provisions of existing law, the committee was
of opinion that payment should be limited to
April 18, 1863, and that no interest should be
allowed thereon; and under these circum-
stances the committee offered the substitute
and recommended its passage.
Mr. DONNAN. I deem it only necessary
to say that there is no question that this
claimant was a faithful and efficient officer,
recognized by the Government during the
entire summer of 1862 and paid as such, and
that he served efficiently in the positions as-
signed him. But I desire to call the attention
of the House to the difference between the
substitute and the original bill, which passed
the House in a former Congress. The differ-
ence is simply this, that the original bill gave
him pay up to the time he was actually mus-
tered out of service, while the bill now reported
as a substitute recommends the limitation of
the pay to April 18, 1863, at which date it is
conceded that he ceased to be in the service
of the Government. This bill also provides
for the cutting off the allowance for interest,
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read' the third time, and
passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was'passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate,
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Szmp-
sojt, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment the
bill of the House (H. R. No. 1333) to amend
section thirty-five of an act entitled " An act to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes •''
Also, that, the Senate had passed the bill (H.
R. No. 1074) to provide for the survey of the
harbor and river at Washington, District of
Columbia, with amendments, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced^ that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles ;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested :
A bill (S. No. 94) for the relief of Miss
Keturah Cole;
A bill (S. No. 589) to prohibit the issue and
use of notes or bills as currency in certain
cases; and
A bill (S. No. 528) to continue in force a
grant to the State of Nevada for college pur-
poses.
adverse reports.
Mr. HAY, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported adversely upon the following
memorials and petitions ; and the same were
laid on the table:
The memorial of William J. Keays for ar-
rears of pay as an officer of the United States
Army in the late civil war ;
The petition of Henry Clay]; and
The petition of Major Edward Black, elev-
enth Tennessee cavalry, praying to be reim-
bursed his expenses for recruiting and organ-
izing the regiment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, from the same
committee, reported adversely upon the follow-
ing petitions ; and the same were laid on the
table:
The petition of George J. Langworthy, pray-
ing for his pay as second lieutenant of the sec-
ond North Carolina infantry volunteers; and
The petition of J. W. Adkinson, of Tennes-
see, praying to be reimbursed for certain ex-
penses incurred in the service of the United
States.
charges of desertion.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, from the same
committee, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do not pass, the bill (H. R.
No. 816) relieving certain soldiers and tailors
from the charge of desertion, and moved that
it be laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. If that is a general biM I
ask that it be reported.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. It is a gen-
eral bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I call for the reading.
The bill was read. It provides that no sol-
dier or sailor who, having improperly absented
himself from the service of the United States
did, in pursuance of the proclamation of the
President of the United States of March 11,
1865, return thereto, or reported himself to a
provost marshal and thereafter continued to
serve faithfully until honorably discharged,sh al 1
be deemed a deserter, and that it shall be the
duty of the Adjutant General to remove from
all such persons the charge of desertion under
such rules and regulations as may be prescribed
by the Secretary of War. The second section
provides that all soldiers and sailors relieved
of the charge of desertion under the provisions
of this act shall be entitled to the same pay
and allowances in every respect as if th'ey had
never absented themselves from ' the service
of the United States, except that they shall
not receive any pay whatever for the time they
may have been absent.
Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that that
bill must commend itself to the favorable con- •
