2084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
the Senator who will give credence to this
accusation ; and it is evident, because no at-
tempt has been made to arraign these gen-
tlemen before the courts in South Carolina,
and no attempt has been made to arraign
them anywhere upon these charges ; and when
the arraignment is made, I venture to say
that they will be able to show themselves
entirely free from the aspersion cast upon
them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Only a word, Mr. Pres-
ident.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont desires to add a word.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Mis-
souri suggests that I made charges against
these gentlemen. I do not make charges
against any one in this body unless I intend
to support them in a manner in which this
body can decide upon them. In public de-
bate I did say, for which I am responsible—I
•will net say " here or elsewhere," for that is
rather an unhandsome term—that I had such
information, that there was such evidence. I
do not undertake to say that that evidence
upon trial would turn out to be sufficient to
convict them, or would not turn out to be
perjured; I only said, in discussing a public
question thart had relation to that subject, that
wo ought to be careful how we took steps
when we had such information. That is all.
I hope as much as the Senator that these peo-
ple when they are tried will be found to be
entirely innocent, but I do not undertake to
pronounce any opinion, and I have not under-
taken to pronounce any opinion either upon
their guilt or innocence. Nothing would make
me more happy than to find them perfectly
innocent.
Mr. BLAIR. I am very glad to hear the
Senator say what he has just said, and I
think it was due to the occasion that he should
say it to the Senate.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I wish to say one word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina desires to add a word.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I said at the time
these gentlemen were assailed that in my
opinion they were innocent; that they were
men of character and position and education.
I still think so. In a personal conversation
with myself they told me that they held them-
selves in readiness to answer to the laws of
their country, and it is very hard that they
should be assailed for an act which they them-
selves claim to disdain. I repeat my asser-
tion that I think they are entitled at least to
be deemed innocent until they are proved
guilty by the laws of their country.
bills introduced.
Mr. OSBORN (by request, as he stated)
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 901) to pre-
vent an appropriation from lapsing because
of "delay in the adjustment; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, aud ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT (by request, as he stated)
asked, and by unanimous consent obtained,
leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 902) for the
relief of Henry R. Crosbie; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LEWIS asked, and by uuanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
903) to amend an act to divide the State of
Virginia into two judicial districts, approved
February 3, 1871; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8. No.
904) to authorize the opening and working of
the iron mines located on the Government land
at West Point; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 906) for the relief of James A. Bell; which
was read twice by its title, referred to theCom-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING. I present a letter from
the Treasurer of the United States which I wish
to have sent with that bill to the Committee on
Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
907) reviving a grant of lands heretofore made
to the New Orleans, Opelousas, and Great
Western railroad; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
printing of a document.
Mr. KELLOGG. Before I reached the Sen-
ate this morning, Executive Document No. 54,
in response to a resolution passed by the Sen-
ate some week or two since, being information
from the Secretary of War, came into the Sen-
ate Chamber in printed form. I move that
the document be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
order oi? business.
Mr. COLE. My colleague is absent from
his seat on account of sickness to-day, con-
fined at his house, and has sent me a note re-
questing me not to call up the Australian bill
to-day, but to wait until he can be present, as
he desires to move amendments. For that
reason I shall not call up that bill.
Mr. STEWART. I ask unanimous consent
now to finish the bill which was read the other
morning in regard to coal-lands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana [Sir. Pratt] has asked t.o be allowed
to speak to-day upon a bill in regard to what
is known as the two per cent, fund claimed by
the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, but
there was objection to the order being made
pending the morning business. The Senator
from Nevada now asks unanimous consent to
consider the bill in regard to the sale of coal
lands.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object,
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Resolutions are
in order. If there are no resolutions to be
offered,, the morning business is concluded.
Mr. PRATT. I move to take up the bill I
indicated.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Indiana give way a minute? The coal-land
bill has been read, aud I presume there will
be no discussion.
Mr. PRATT. If it gives rise to no discus-
sion 
Mr. MORTON. My colleague is prepared
to proceed and I hope will not be interrupted.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I gave notice that I
objected to taking up the bill of the Senator
from Nevada.
The VICE PRESIDENT. But the morning
business is now concluded, and a bill can be
reached by formal motion adopted by a major-
ity. The Senator from Nevada moves to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill in regard
to coal lands.
The motion was agreed to.
sale of coal lands.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
522) to provide for the sale of lands of the
United States containing coal.
Mr. STEWART. I will just state that this
bill is reported from the Committee on Public
Lands, having been prepared by the Depart-
ment of the Interior, and if any Senator wishes
information on it I propose to have the letter
of the Department read, if that is desired.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The letter will
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Department op the Interior,
Washington, I). 0., February 7,1872.
Sir: In answer to the request of your committee
to be furnished with the views of the Department
on Senate bill 522 to provide tor the sale ot coal-lands,
I have the honor to inciose herewith a copy ot the
report of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office on the subject, in which I fully concur.
Iam, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
U. DELANO, Secretary.
Hon. S. C. Pomeroy, Chairman Committee Public
Lands, United States Senate.
Department op the Interior,
General Land Office,
Washington, D. C., February 6,1872.
Sir: I have examined the inclosed bill—Senate
522—44 to provide for the sale of thelandsof the United
States containing coal," referred to this office by the
Department proper, and with reference to the sub-
ject I have the honor to state as follows: •
The only legislation heretofore had by Congress
respecting coal-lands is comprehended in the act of
July 1,1864, (Statutes 13, page 313,) and the act supple-
mental thereto, approved March 3. 1865, (same,
page 529.) .
The first of these enactments authorizes the Pres-
ident, after three months' public notice, to disposo
of any tracts embracing coal-beds or coal-fields, con-
stituting a portion of the public domain, to the high-
est bidder, and in suitable legal subdivisions, at a
minimum price of twenty dollars per acre, and allows
any such tracts not disposed of at such public offer-
ing to be thereafter entered at private sale at such
minimum. This law is objectionable in affording no
protection whatever to parties who may have actu-
ally expended their time, labor, and capital in open-
ing up and developing coal mines in the public
domain, and also in failing to limit the right ©f
purchase to a given quantity, thus interposing no
bar to monopoly.
As no lands have ever been proclaimed for sale
under said act, of course no entries have been effected
thereunder.   , ^ „
The supplementary act of March 3, I860, aforesaid,
provides in substance that citizens of the United
States who were on the 3d March, 18G5, in the busi-
ness of bona fide actual coal mining upon public
lands for purposes of commerce, may have the right
to enter one hundred and sixty acres or less quan-
tity in legal subdivisions, including their mining
improvements and piemises, at the minimum price
of twenty dollars per acre.
The privilege thus granted is a special and not a
general one, affording no protection to miners un-
less they were operating coal-beds or coal-fields on
the 3d March, 1865.
Under its provisions several entries have been
effected by parties coming within the letter of its
requirements where the land3 have been surveyed.
The proposed law will, if adopted, guard against
monopoly by restricting the right of purchase to a
stipulated number of acres, will protect the right of
parties who are now developing these mines, or who
may hereafter expend their labor and capital in
doing so, by giving them a preference right of entry
of a specified number of acres embracing their im-
provements, and will enable the Government to
realize a fair price for the tracts so disposed of.
Proximity to completed lines of railroad forms
the basis ot acre valuation.
The acts of Congress heretofore cited with refer-
ence to coal lands are virtually inoperative, and a
thorough consideration of the subjectleads this office
to believe that the proposed legislation would tend
greatly to the public interest and enable the Depart-
ment to deal practically with a question assuming
groat importance in the administration of our pub-
lic land system.
With great respect, your obedient servant,
WILLIS DRUMMOND.
Commissioner.
Hon. Columbus Delano, Secretary of the Interior.
House of Representatives.
Washington, D. C., February 17,1872.
In relation to Senate bill No. 522, introduced Jan-
uary 23, by Senator Pomekoy. I have to say that the
Delegates from the several Territories have care-
fully considered the same, and have instructed me
as chairman of their sub-committee to urge the
passage of the bill with the amendments indicated
by erasures in the bill hereunto attached.
The object of the proposed amendments is to
abolish the distinction between surveyed and un-
surveyed lands. The bill, as drawn originally, offeis
a premium to jumpers, and would occasion general
litigation, nnd would probably lead to scenes of vio-
lence in many instances.
It is the opinion of the Delegates who represent
the interests affected by this bill that no distinction
should be made between claims on the public lands,
surveyed and unsurveyed.
The man who 111 good faith prospects and develops
a coal-field in a section of country where the survey-
ing officers have never dared to go, should not bo
robbed ot the profits of his energy and courage by
any one disposed to intrude upon his claim.
The bill, with proposed amendments, will give
general satisfaction to men of the West.
W. T. JONES,
Delegate from Wyonnng.
