1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
208#
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to say
only one word. The other morning I asked
some explanation of this bill. It was too late
then to give it. Since then I have looked at
the law as it now stands in connection with
this bill. I find that as a general proposition
this bill reduces the price of coal-lands from
twenty to ten dollars, except where it is within
twenty miles of a railroad, and there it retains
the original price. Of course I have no inform-
ation on the subject whether that is a fit and
proper thing to do so far as the interests of the
Government are concerned, but looking into a
communication of the Commissioner of the
Land Office, I find that he states it as his
opinion that it would be in the interest of the
Government and in the interest of all parties
to reduce the price of these lands to this
point, and even to a lower point still. I have
no information beyond that. 1 do not. rise to
oppose the bill, as I did not then ; I asked
simply for an explanation of the bill.
Mr. CORBETT. In connection with this 
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana yielded on condition that this should
give rise to no debate.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask for the reading of a
very short letter from the Department, written
since then, showing that the Department recom-
mend the reduction even to a lower price. The
letter which 1 refer to speaks of reducing the
lands to $2 50 an acre. I will make a motion
to fix the price of these lands at five and ten
dollars instead of ten and twenty ; five dollars
where the bill says ten dollars, and ten dollars
where the bill says twenty dollars. I believe
that the Government will get moie money trom
the land if we fix the price at these rates than
they will at the higher figures. That is the
opinion of the Department as stated by the
letter which I hold in my hand. It is short,
and I ask to have it read.
Mr. PRATT. I shall have to object to any
further consideration of the bill.
Mr. STEWART. One moment. Let us have
a vote on the amendment.
Mr. PRATT. It can come up just as well
after I get through.
Mr. STEWART. I am afraid I cannot get
it up again. Let the vote be taken.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not wish to discuss
the question any further. I simply wish a
vote.
Mr. COLE. I suggest to the Senator from
Indiana that the morning hour has too nearly
elapsed for him to undertake a lengthy speech
now. I shall want to go on with the Indian
appropriation bill at one o'clock, and I think
1 may with propriety appeal to the Senator to
defer his remarks to some time when there
will be a better opportunity to deliver them.
I will say here to the Senator that the other
morning he delivered a speech on the Beaver
lake question, which was to "have been, I
think, but twenty minutes in length, and yet it
ran over to an hour. I suggest that the Sen-
ator forgets the lapse of time when he discusses
a subject, and I am afraid that he will use up
a day that should be devoted to the appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I appeal to
the Senator from California not to deny the
usual courtesy to a Senator.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the Senator from
Indiana will be allowed to go on, and that when
the morning hour expires the present order
will be informally passed over to enable him
to complete his speech.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The coal bill is
now before the Senate by vote.
Mr, STEWART. Let me make one_ sug-
gestion. I ask unanimous consent for him to
make his speech, and then let us take the vote
upon the coal bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. This vote cannot be
taken without some amendments being offered
to this bill. I have several myself to present.
Mr. PRATT. I decline to yield any further.
The Senator 'from California will have to act
of course on his own pleasure when the hour
of one shall arrive. I move that Senate bill
No. 836 be taken from the table and read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The coal bill
having been taken up by a vote of the Senate,
the Senator from Indiana moves to postpone
the present and all other orders for the
purpose of considering the bill which he has
indicated.
Mr. STEWART. I appeal to him to let this
vote be taken, and then if a word is said by
anybody 1 will yield.
Mr. ROBERTSON. That coal bill cannot
pass without some more amendments being
offered.
Mr. PRATT. If a vote is to be taken with-
out further discussion, I am willing to yield;
but if it leads to discussion, I cannot.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
take the vote if no Senator rises to discuss the
matter. The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Corbett.]
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope that amend
ment will not prevail. I was going to move
to amend the bill 
Mr. STEWART. I consent now that the
bill shall be laid aside, as the Senator is
debating the bill.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I yield to the Senator
from Indiana.
Mr. PRATT. I renew my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands there is no objection to the coal bill
passing back to the Calendar, and the bill sug-
gested by the Senator from Indiana is before
the Senate.
Mr. COLE. That is taken up on motion, I
suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If the Senator
insists, the Chair of course will put the ques-
tion. The Senator from California insists
upon the question being put.
Mr. COLE. That is a debatable question,
I believe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Of course it is
debatable.
Mr. COLE. I am not going to waste the
time of the Senate. I will not waste the time
of the Senate on a motion of this kind. 1 de-
sire to state that at one o'clock I shall feel
myself bound to demand the regular order.
We all want to make speeches, but, for one, I
think we have not the time to take out of the
business of this session at this late hour for
the mere purpose of delivering remarks which
I should be very glad to afford the Senator
from Indiana the opportunity to deliver, if it
could be done, if we were not so very much
pressed for time. There are a number of ap-
propriation bills on the Calendar, and ready
for consideration, and we have had a little ex-
perience already as to the length of time that
it takes to consider an appropriation bill. We
have got one through alter several weeks of
effort, and there are nearly a dozen yet to be
considered. The session is far advanced. We
are now entering upon the fourth month of
the session.
Mr. RAMSEY. I appeal to the Senator
from California. Itis not entirely fair to take
the little time that is left to the Senator from
Indiana, especially if the Senator from Cali-
fornia is going to call up the regular order at
one o'clock.
Mr. COLE. If I take two minutes on this
question, I think I am entitled to do it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator from In-
diana will defer bis remarks for the present,
knowing that they will consume nearly all the
business portion of the day. I think the morn-
ing hour ought to be devoted to ordinary busi-
ness. but at one o'clock I shall feel bound to
call for the regular order. Of course the re-
sponsibility will then be upon the Senate as to
whether they will continue with the regular
order or take up some other business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Indiana.
The motion was .agreed to.
TWO PR 11 CENT. FUND.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (S. No.
836) declaring the true construction of a statute
is now before the Senate.
Mr. PRATT. I ask the Secretary to read
the bill.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Be it enacted, &c„ That the true intent and mean-
ing of the seeond section of the act approved March
3,1S57, entitled " An act to settle certain accounts
between the United States and the State oi Missis-
sippi and other States," is, that all the other States,
to wit, Ohio. Indiana, and Illinois, which have not
received the full amount of their five per cent, of tho
notprocoeds ot the sale of public lands lying within
their respective limits, as mentioned in their sev-
eral enabling acts, in money, shall have their
accounts stated, both on the public lands and reser-
vations. and such cash balance as has not been paid
to said States, allowed and paid.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the Senate has
listened to this bill. It is seen that its purpose
is to give a construction to a law passed in
1857, and render that duty plain which I must
presume is obscure, since officers of the Gov-
ernment have differed in its interpretation,
and it remains unexecuted to this day, so far
as Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois are concerned.
I claim that ihc purpose of this law was to
require the Commissionerof the General Land
Office to state an account between the United
States and each of these States for the purpose
of determining what sums ot money were due
them on account of the sales of the public
lands within their respective limits and the
permanent Indian reservations, and to allow
and pay them five per cent, thereon, estimating
the lands at $1 25 per acre, deducting such
sums as had been already paid. In other words,
I claim that as the United States had paid
Indiana and Illinois three per cent, only oftha
net proceeds of the lands sold, the purpose of
this law was to require an accounting for five
per cent., not only upon the sales, but upon
all military grants and Indian reservations. I
claim, further, that whatever right Congress
might have possessed in 1857 to require that
in stating the, account the Commissioner should
charge these States with the money paid in the
construction of-the Cumberland road, the right
was waived, no set-off was claimed, and the
moneys expended in that enterprise were not
required to be brought into the account.
The law was a simple, direct command to
the Commissioner to estimate all the public
lands in the State, including the reservations,
at $1 25 per acre, and ascertain how much
was due the States under their respective
enabling acts providing for their admission
into the Union, on account of the stipulation
to pay them five per cent, upon the proceeds
of the sales, and after deducting what had
been already settled, to allow and pay the
remainder. Indiana's claim under this law
amounts to over four hundred thousand dol-
lars, and this sum has been unjustly withheld
for fifteen years.
Before I proceed to read the act of March 3,
1857, which the bill now under consideration
construes and enforces, it is proper I should
go back to the several enabling acts under
which these States came into the Union, and
not only that, but compare them with the
enabling acts of other States which have been
admitted during this century.
The Constitution declares that—
''New States may be admitted by the Congress
into this Union."
It was therefore reserved to Congress to de-
termine when, how, and upon what conditions
a new State should be admitted. Its consent
was indispensable, its conditions not to be
gainsaid. When the Constitution was formed
there were but thirteen States. Vermont was
admitted in 1791, Kentucky in the following
year, aud Tennessee in 17%. When the eight-
eenth century closed there were but sixteen
States embraced in the Union, less than one
