1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2981
to do anybody injustice ? Is he not aware that
the Second Comptroller is appointed under
the Treasury acts, for the express purpose of
inspecting and adjudicating upon the requisi-
tions and directions that are made by the
various Departments that fall under his
SUAIr. TRUMBULL. I know that the Sen-
ator's salary and all these payments go through
clerks, and through this clerk like others, but
he passes no more upon the question than
others do.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why, is it possible that
(he Senator, who has been setting-us all such
an example of the schoolmaster here in telling
us what we ought to know and what we do
not, is not aware that by the constitution of
the Treasury Department the First and Second
Comptrollers are the quasi judicial revisingand
deciding officers of the Treasury, to decide
. upon whether claims are in conformity to law
or not; and that without their approval no
claim, he it disputed or not disputed, can pass
through the Treasury ? That has been the law
since 1789. I am sure the Senator has for-
gotten, because he must have known at some
time, that the First and Second Comptrollers
are, in the highest sense that you can use that
term of any executive officer, the judicial
officers of the Government to expound and
construe statutes under which claims are made,
because otherwise you would have no check at
all. You could not tell whether anything was
to be paid or not unless you were to have this
sieve, so to speak, through which the thing is
sifted. And therel'oie the Treasury Depart-
ment is constructed upon the theory that we
should have two judges there who, after every-
thing had gone through all the previous stages,
shall pronounce their final opinion on the ques-
tion whether the money asked for is to be paid
out under the authority of a statute, if so,
what statute, and their judgment is conclusive
upon the other officers of the Department, ex-
cept possibly that the Secretary of the Treas
ury may, if he thinks they have decided wrong,
arrest it. I do not s«y how that is. I am not
now standing up tu defend the Secretary or the
Comptrollers, but I most certainly understand
that the business of the Comptroller is some-
thing more than that of a purely executive and
administrative function.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know very well that
the Comptroller could not pay the claim legally
until it passed through the Navy Department;
and it, is just, as proper that the officer at the
Navy Department is a judge of the law ; he
first passed upon it. Does the Senator from
Vermont mean to say that the Comptroller
can pass upon accounts before they pass
through the Navy Department?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then every officer in
the Navy Department who passes upon these
accounts is just as much a judge of the law
in their passage as is the Comptroller, and
they would never get to the Comptroller if
they did not pass iu the first place through the
Navy Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Tne Senator might as
well maintain that, a judge is no moie a judge
of law than a lawyer is because the judge can-
not try the cause until it is brought befoie him.
| hat would be a very extraordinary argument.
It, is perfectly true the Comptroller cannot act
until the case is presented., I informed the
Senator—and if he will look at the law he will
see that it is so—that the Treasury act consti-
tuting that Department makes the Comptrol-
ler the judge, who is to pass upon the questions
that are presented to him after the account has
gone th rough this mere clerkly performance
that, the Senator refers to ; and that, is why he
stands there ; that is where the p-ople have
put him to decide whether money shall be paid
cut or uo;. Now, it may be that he decided
wrong. That is not the point I am upon now
st all; but, 1 say that the functions of the two
comptrollers in the Treasury are- iu every
essential respect purely judicial. They are to
try and determine just asajudge iswhena case
is submitted to him. They may decide wrong;
that is not the point I am upon now.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nor am I upon the
point about their deciding right or wrong. I
merely say that lie is one of the persons through
whom these accounts pass, and the Senator has
already admitted substan'ially that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury can overrule him.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have notadmitted that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And I suppose he can
overrule some subordinate to him. I think
the Senators have selected a very bad case on
which to compliment this Comptroller. He
may have passed upon two thousand or two hun-
dred thousand claims ; I know not nor care not
how many he has passed upon; but in the
opinion of your Naval Committee he violated
the law when he undertook to pass upon this
claim and pay it. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts rises here in his seat and says that it
was perfectly right to pay this, and compli-
ments this officer, the Second Comptroller.
Well, what does he think of his own commit-
tee, that in this body said on the 12th day of
May, 1870:
"On the 13th of July, 18S8, an act was passed di-
recting the payment of these amounts to these par-
ties, by whicb act it was declared that these payments
should he 4 m full discharge of all claims against the
United States on account of the vessels upon which
the board made the allowance, as per their report,
under the act of March 2, 1867.'
"Under the stress of an overpowering necessity,
as they allege, these parties received those amounts.
That in law such receipt is a complete bar to all fur-
ther recourse, cannot be denied."
Does he think this committee of the Senate
did not know what they were about?
Mr. WILSON. They made a mistake.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly made a
mistake in the opinion of a Senator who says
that "claims" means '"damages," and does
not mean "claims."
Now, Mr. President, there is a great deal
about this claim, if we were to go into it,
besides what has been stated. I understand
it to be a rule of the Departments, and 1
understand it to be a rule of the Depart-
ments established by the decisions of the Su-
preme Court, that a claim passed upon and
settled by one Administration and closed,
cannot be opened by their successors. What
right had the Secretary of the Navy to open
this claim after it had been before boards, as
the Senator fiora Massachusetts now admits,
in 1864? If anything was due these parties,
they should have come to Congress. They
did come here. Will the Senator tell me
what right the Secretary had to take money
appropriated in 1870 to pay for work done
in 18(54, even if it was a proper claim to be
paid? But that is not the question here. I
understand the Senator from Massachusetts to
have said, and repeated over and over again,
that it was paid out of the appropriation for
" construction and repair" of the year 1870.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that will turn
out to be a mistake.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I give my authorityfor
it. If it was not paid from that fund, I should
like the Senator from Vermont to tell me what
fund it was paid from.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The 'Senator from Illi-
nois lives just as near the Treasury, for aught
I know, as I do. I do not know what business
he has to call on me to tell him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator questioned
its being paid out of that fund. I gave my
authority, the Senator from Massachusetts,
who is here present, and then the Senator
from Vermont thinks that is a mistake. Now
if it is I do not know it, but I make the state-
ment on what the Senator from Massachusetts
has said, and he does not deny that that is the
statement. I suppose it likely that he has
been to the Treasury to inquire. I have not.
Mr. President, there is, to my mind, no
point of view iu which this can be looked at
that justifies this transaction. It is as clear
a violation of law as could be—a violation of
the very words of the statute, and the very
words of the statute as interpreted by a com-
mittee of this body in an elaborate report
which was made by the present chief justice
of the Court of Claims, and acquiesced in by
that committee, appearing to be the report, and
the unanimous report, of the committee,
although the Senator from New Hampshire
now undertakes to repudiate it. It was not
necessary, then, to construethe word ' 'claims"
as meaning "damages" in order to screen the
illegal acts of anybody. The question of this
payment was not then brought to the consid-
eration of the Senate, and the committee ex-
amining this matter coolly, deliberately, and
fairly, as judges passing upon the law, said it
could not be denied that this was a complete
bar to all further claim. Now, sir, bald asser-
tion may deny this, and we have had that
assertion here in the Senate, and that is all
we have to answer the record, the statute, and
the report of the committee of this body.
Mr. CONKL1NG. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Illinois, with a spirit and purpose too
plain to be mistaken, ventured to launch a
monstrous accusation against the Secretary of
the Navy. He did this first in a popular as-
semblage in the city of New York. He has
repeated it to-day in the Senate. What was
his allegation? That the Secretary of the Navy,
wrthout warrant of law, and in obvious viola-
tion of law, had paid $93,000 to eertam con-
tractors, and that the statutes upon which he
assumed to do it, and the circumstances of the
case, left it naked and bald, a sheer willful
transgression.
In teply to the Senator I said that, when the
act of 1808 was shown not to bear him out he
took refuge in the act of 1807, and attempted
by that act to justify his languarge, The
Senator now denies and disputes my state-
ment, and has undertaken to tell us how and
how far he did refer to the act of 1867. I
appeal from the Senator to the Senate; and
again I affirm that he did introduce the act of
1867 when the act of 1808 failed to support
him. Let me restate the occurrence. The
Senator from Illinois having made his broad
and monstrous accusation against the Secre-
tary of the Navy, and referred to the act of
1808, the Senator from New Jersey, whose
constituent the Secretary is, read the act of
1808. Why did he read it? To show that
the payment provided by the act of 1868 cov-
ered nothing except the award of the previous
board. It was at that point that the Senator
from Illinois came back upon the Senator
from New Jersey and said, iu substance, " the
act of 3807 coiers the case and because the
act of 1807 covers the ease, was the argument
of the Senator from Illinois, it was bald usurp-
ation, naked transgression, for which no
apology can be made, for the Secietary of the
Navy to pay Seeor as he did. 1 appeal to
Senatois and to the record to sustain my state-
ment that the Senator from Illinois did intro-
duce the act of 1807 when the act of 1808
failed to prove his broad imputations.
Theact of 1807, on examination, is found not
to answer the Senator's purpose, and then
what does he say? Hesajshe merely suggested
that the acts of 1807 and 1808 ought, to be read
iu pari materia, but did not rely particularly
on the act of 1807, and then he goes at the
Senator from Massachusetts with great em-
phasis, but he does not succeed in answering
Siis argument. Let us see how this matter
stands. First, the Senator from Illinois took
refuge under the act of 1808. A\ hen read, it
does not furnish a reasonable color for such
an accusation as he made. Let me read it; it
is \ery brief:
" Be it enacted, itc., That the Secretary of the
Treasuiy be, <oid he is hereby, authorized and
directed to pay "—
1 omit the names of the parties; they are
all given and the amounts annexed—
" being the amount found to be due to each of the
