1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3877
England, and invite us to follow their example.
We are not an insular Power. We are conti-
nental and will have enough to do, if in cen- I
turies wo develop and cultivate the land we
have without seeking t,o plow all the waters
that wash the earth. The spl^sidy policy is
against I lie principle on which our Government
is founded, that of equality. .What right have
we, Representatives of afree and equal people,
to take their money, to.give away to foster pri-
vate, enterprises, which happen to court aud
obtain our favor?
[ Here the hammer fell. J
Mr. COBUUN. Mr. Speaker, I oppose this
subsidy. It has been argued on the general
principles of encouragement of commerce. It
strikes me that it cannot be fairly or properly
argued upon $ principle of that kind. The
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Ha.1jE,] a mem-
ber of the Counnitlee on Appropriations, told
the House the other day these ships were run-
ning backward and forward on this.line at this
time comparatively empty. If 1 am wroug
about that I should be glad to be corrected.
Mr, HALE. It is so.
Mr. COB URN. The gentleman from Maine
says it is so. There is no pressure of com-
merce, there is no pressure of trade, there is
no pressure of travel, there is no pressure of
immigration on this line. There is no reason
why a single ship should be added to the line.
I repeat it again, these ships are coming and
goingcomparatively empty. Why, then, should
gentlemen rise on this floor and talk about the
encouragement of commerce ? They must do
something besides building ships and subsi-
dizing steamship lines to secure commerce
between this country and South America.
Mr. Speaker, what is the secret? I do not
pretend to know. I believe the secret lies in
this, thsit England and France and Germany
can furnish at lower prices the articles which
South America needs than we can. I believe
South America has sense enough to go to Eng-
land and France and Germany, to buy at lower
prices, than cometo the United States ia a sub-
sidized line to trade with us. It seems to me
to be a case of common sense. Never, never
until we can furnish the articles which Brazil
and the other South American States need at
cheaper rates than those countries can furnish
them, can we pretend to get the trade of those
countries, and we may give to .steamers a hun-
dred millions back and forth and they will run
empty. You mightas well gay it was good sense
in a railroad company to put on additional trains
of cars in order to make money as to say we
should put on additional lines of steamers to
South America in order to make the trade
profitable by increasing the trade between that
country and this. Who ever heard of arailroad
company increasing its business by running
additional trains of empty cars? And yet
that is what we are asked to do here. We are
asked to subsidize this line in order to increase
the number of trips, when it is admitted they
are now running empty ships backward and
forward.
I think, Mr. Speaker, the commerce of
South America ought to be ours. The right
ought to be ours. The States of South Amer-
ica are our nearest neighbors. The enorm-
ous amount of their surplus products should
come here; but in point of fact they do not do
it, and I do not believe we can reach them in
the direction which is here proposed.
Let me call the attention of the House to
another idea connected with this matter. New
York and South America are doing all they
can on the present line. When the railroad
lines shall be constructed from the ceater-of
this continent to Norfolk, Norfolk will be not j
only much nearer to South America, but will '
be much nearer to the West than New York
is, aud the day is not far distant when the sur-
plus products of the West, instead of going to
New York, will be exported to foreign coun-
tiies through Norfolk. There is New Orleans,
also a great port for the southern surplus-pro-
ducing portion of the country. From New
Orleans a large amount of goods may be
shipped. Let us wait one, two, or three years
to see which way the current of commerce will
tend. It is the part of wisdom and good sense
to do this. If we are to subsidize additional
lines let us .subsidize them to New Orleans or
to iJorfolk or to Savannah, where all the great
lines of interior communication have been
constructed in this country.
What is one of the greatest articles we im-
port from Brazil? Coffee. Now coffee is
used mostly in the Mississippi valley and in
all that region lying toward the slope of the
liocky mountains. If you want to establish
a coffee market, where would you put it ?
Would you put it at New York? Is it right
aud fair to make all the coffee-consuming peo-
ple of the country go to New York by subsi-
dizingthis line? This line isalready subsidized
running to New York. If we are to subsidize
additional lines let them be to New Orleans, or
Norfolk, or Savannah, or some ol her place,
so that the coffee-consuming portions of the
country ill the West aud in the South may have
facilities which they ought to have. 1 have no
hostility to New York when I say this, but a fair
arrangement of the commerce of the country,
it seems to me, demands this at our hands.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Two remarks
have been made this morning to which I wisli
to call attention. The lirst is that this subject
has not been considered before any committee
except the Committee on Appropriations.
That is true. Why should it have been ? The
subsidy to the Brazilian line, which Was estab-
lished years ago, has appeared from year to
year upon the Post Oflicc appropriation bill.
It'has been there every year since its estab-
lishment, and it has as usual come from that
committee this year. There is nothing, there-
fore, unusual in that circumstance, it has been
voted on every year.
A Member. Voted off, you mean.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And has never
been voted off. I am speaking of what lias
been done every year since the subsidy was
created. Gentlemen therefore cannot make it
appear as an unusual circumstance that this
subsidy has been before that committee alone.
In the next place, it is said that this proposi-
tion has been rejected in this House, and re-
jected after full debate. Now, I call attention
to the fact that it never has been debated in
this House at all until this conference report
was made. It was not before the House when
the Post Office appropriation bill passed. The
subsidy to the Japan and China mail line was
then before the House, was elaborately de-
bated, and was voted down by a small majority.
But the bill was returned from the Senate with
this increased subsidy to the Brazilian line
added—a measure which had not been brought
before the committee at all, and it is now here
for its first debate.
I desire to call attention also to another re-
mark that has been made this morning by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck ] He
thinks it a remarkable fact, an almost startling
fact, that there was a considerable change in
the votes in this House on the Japan line, and
he thinks it almost a piece of impudence to
ask the House, which so heavily rejected this
subsidy t,o Brazil, as it did the other day, to
vote on it again. Now, in the first place, the
Senate had a perfect right to non-concur in
our action, and the proposition is here legiti-
mately and properly.
But I wish to ask attention to the peculiar
circumstances under which this proposition
was defeated when it was here before us last.
The debate was wholly on the Japan line, and
although the argument may have applied gen-
erally to the question of subsidies, not a word
was said on this special amendment.
Just before the vote was taken the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Killinger] moved
to put on an amendment requiring that all
the ships of the Brazilian line be built wholly
of American iron. Now, it is not necessary
to have iron ships on the short line between
this country and Brazil. It is necessary to
have them on the line between the Pacific
coast and China and Japau, and tbe subsidy
to that line was accompanied with the proviso
that the ships shall be built wholly of Ameri-
can iron. The paragraph granting the subsidy
to the Brazilian line did not provide for iron
ships, because they were not required on that
line. It did, however, provide that they should
be made wholly in the United States; that is of
American materials. But because the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania was
voted down, a large number of gentlemen
who were in favor of the subsidy if it em-
braced the iron clause turned around and
voted against it. I know a number of gentle-
man who voted on that ground, and I do not
myself believe that the vote of this House
was a clear expression of the sentiments of
tbe House on the merits of the case.
I have said all I desire to say in reference
to these preliminary matters in connection
with this discussion. Tbe argument that has
weighed most, perhaps, on the minds of gen-
tlemen is the ingenious and striking one of my
colleague on the committee, the gentleman
from Maine, [Mr. Hai.e,] which has been
referred to several times this morning, and
just now by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Coburn.] The gentleman from Maine says
that our ships now sailing on this line come
home only partly freighted and go out not
wholly freighted- Now, if they are not fully
freighted with a monthly line, what is the use,
he argues, of patting on vessels to make a
semi-monthly line, so as to have twice the
number of half-empty ships on the ocean ?
If that is a good argument, tlio proposition
before the House should be voted down. I
think it is not a good argument, and 1 will tell
the House why 1 think so. I will illustrate
the case by an incident which occurs to me in
connection with the first great omnibus line
which was started in the city of Cincinnati.
Many years ago an omnibus line was started
there to run through certain streets of the city
once in thirty minutes. The proprietors found
that it did not pay, and a large-brained man
said to the chief of the company, " I will tell
you what to do ; put on enough omnibuses to
run once in five minutes." " Why," said .the
man, " if I did that I should be bankrupt in a
month." "Puton enough omnibuses to run one
every five minutes and your line will be a suc-
cess." He tried it, and it was a magnifi-
cent success, and all the great omnibus com-
panies in all the great cities of the United
States followed the example, and have made
their omnibus lines successful. Why? Be-
cause the moment you get a line of transporta-
tion anywhere that offers sufficient facilities to
do all the work frequently and regularly the
business adjusts itself to that order of things,
and flows in the channel provided for it. That
is precisely what the owners of this Brazilian
line tell us. Mr. Garrison came before the
Committee on Appropriations, and we heard
him fully, and cross-examined him. I believe
him to be,-from all I hear of him, a man of
great force of character and of good business
ability. He said this to us: "I want you either
to discharge me from my present contract or
help somebody to put on an additional line ;
it makes no drfference whether I have it or
not; I prefer not to have it, but if you
will give some American the means ofstarting
another line, making another trip as often as
I make mine, then the line I am running will
pay aud I will be as much benefited by the
addition as I would be by the doubling of my
own."
Now, this is reason for believing that this
will succeed, and why it ought to be doue._ I
agree with my friends who have spoken against
subsidies. I believe that between this coun-
try and South America the conditions of trade
