18-72.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1189
sideration of the House, and I hope it will be
considered. I think it covers a large class of
eases where soldiers who made an honorable
record have been dishonorably dismissed from
the service. I move that this bill be recom-
mitted to the committee for the further con-
sideration of that committee.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. I have no
objection to that.
Mr. MAYNARD. The class of men who
will be reached by that bill seem to me to have
a claim upon the Government by right of a
contract at least implied if not expressed. We
know very well that during the war men were
iuduced to desert, for reasons held out to them,
and for which the men themselves were less
responsible than those who induced them to
desert. The President of the United States
called upon them by proclamation to return to
their duty.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. This bill is
not under consideration now, but has been
withdrawn.
Mr. MAYNARD. _ The bill has not been
withdrawn ; the motion to recommit the bill
is pending. It seems to me that proclamation
of the President of the United States consti-
tutes at least a moral obligation on the part
of the Government to see that these soldiers
shall not, be visited by the consequences of
their desertion, after having complied with the
proclamation of the President requesting and
directing them to return to their duty. I trust
the bill will be recommitted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I made the motion to
recommit, inasmuch as I supposed the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs did not desire to con-
sume their morning hour with the considera-
tion of this subject. But I really think this
bill should receive very favorable considera-
tion. If the Chair will recognize me to do so,
I will withdraw my motion to recommit, and
will call the previous question on the bill.
The SPEAKER. The morning-hour busi-
ness will not terminate except by some priv-
ileged motion.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I desire to say a word
or two in relation to the pending bill. The
passage of such a bill as this would be estab-
lishing perhaps the most dangerous precedent
that could be set by Congress. The procla-
mation of the President of the United States
never promised bounty to soldiers who had
deserted if they should return to their duty.
It promised them just what they received, that
is, that they should be taken back into the ser-
vice and have indemnity from punishment for
their desertion. It is the established practice,
it is the law, that bounty shall Toe given only
to men who have liever deserted. The pas-
sage of such a bill as this would involve the
Government in an expenditure of millions of
dollars to be paid over to men against whom
the record is clear and plain that they had de-
serted. Now, I am confident that this is not
what is desired by the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holmax,] or by any one else here.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment? In many cases where these
desertions occurred the circumstances were
very pressing, such as the death or sickness of
the wife or child of the soldier. The soldier
returned, and no notice was taken of his de-
sertion, and he continued to serve until the
end of the war, and was then honorably dis-
charged. In such a case as that, I submit 
Mr. STOUGHTON. I see the point the
gentleman desires to make. In such eases as
those the soldiers can go to the Adjutant Gen-
eral's department, and if they can make the
proof properly, the charge of desertion will
be removed from the record against them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order that this is a public and not a private
bill.
The SPEAKER. It is a public bill, and
should not have been reported on this call.
The point of the gentleman would have been
good had it been made before discussion upon
the bill took place.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. I desire to
withdraw the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the bill
be recommitted, and on that motion I call for
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Harris,] ia charge of the bill,
has made that motion. This is not a. proper
bill to be reported upon a call of committees
for reports of a private nature. But the Chair
gives notice to the House that it is not the
practice of the Chair to object to such bills
being reported on such a call, the point of
order coming properly from some member on
the floor, and must be made before discussion
is had upon the bill.
The motion to recommit the bill to the
Committee on Mi litary Affairs was agreed to.
colonel isaac v. d. reeve,
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, reported adversely
upon House bill No. 886, for the relief of Col-
onel Isaac Y. D. Reeve, of the United States
Army.
The committee was discharged from the far-
ther consideration of the bill, and the same
was laid on the table.
lewis schramm.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, from the same
committee, also reported adversely upon the
petition of Lewis Schramm, for pay as an offi-
cer ; and the same was laid on the table.
fortification bill.
Mr. NIBLACK, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1671) making appropriations for the construc-
tion, preservation, and repair of certain forti-
fications and other works of defense; which
was read a first and second time, ordered to
be printed, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and made
the special order for Tuesday next, after the
morning hour, and from day to day until dis-
posed of.
davenport and st. paul railroad.
Mr. COTTON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1672) granting to
the Davenport and St. Paul Railroad Com-
pany the right of way; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
order of business.
Mr. PERCE. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. DAWES. Pending that motion I desire
to ask that the time for general debate upon
the bill now pending in the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar be extended
for half an hour. I understand that the hour
left for general discassion is to be occupied by
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Blaib. j I
would like to say a few words on the question.
elections in washington and idaho.
Mr. TAFFE. I ask that the House, by
unanimous consent, take up and pass a bill
(H. R. No. 1080) to regulate elections in
Washington and Idaho Territories. I think
its consideration will occupy no time.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which there will be opportunity for objec-
tion to its consideration.
The bill was read. It provides that elec-
tions in the Territories of Washington and
Idaho for Delegates to the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Forty-Third Congress shall
be held on the Tuesday next followiugthe first
Monday of November, A. D. 1872, and there-
after biennially on the Tuesday next following
the first Monday in November ; and all elect-
ive territorial, connty, and precinct officers
are hereafter to be elected at the times herein
specified, unless otherwise provided by legisla-
tion subsequent hereto in either of said Terri-
tories.
Mr. TAFFE. I will state that by a law of
Congress the time for holding elections in these
Territories was changed so that they should
take place in June, which is just when these
people have the greatest supply of water for
mining purposes. The time for the elections
cannot of course be changed by the territorial
Legislatures, and unless this bill bo passed an
election must be called to take place in June.
That is the reason I press the bill to-day. It
does not affect the tenure or term of any office ;
it does nothing but merely change the time for
the election in accordance wi'h the request of
the Delegates from the Territories interested.
The Committee on the Territories has agreed
to report the bill.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. TAFFE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adjournment till monday.
Mi-. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a privileged
motion. I move that when the House adjourns
to-day it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I very much
desire that the House shall go on to-morrow
with the consideration of the deficiency appro-
priation bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We are, in respec;
to our business, far ahead of the Senate.
Mr. L. MYERS. We have done a great deal
of work recently upon the appropriation bills,
and I hope we shall adjourn over.
Mr. DAWES. We had a holiday yester-
day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the House will
grant unanimous consent that to-morrow be
assigned for debate only, I will withdraw the
motion.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] objects, as the Chair under-
stands, at this time. The question will first
be put on adjourning over. If that should be
decided affirmatively, the Chair apprehends
there will be no objection to substituting an
arrangement that the House shall meet to-
morrow for debate only.
On agreeing to the motion of Mr. Farns-
worth, there were—ayes 76, noes GO.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was takeu; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 78, not voting
70 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Averill, Beck,
Bell, Beveridge. Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton,
Bright, James Brooks, Burchard, Caldwell, Camp-
bell, Ofvmingo, Crebs, Creel y, Crossland, Darrall,
Davis, DuBose, Duell, Duke, Barnes. Eldredge. Ely,
Farnsworth, Henry D. I'oster, Getz, Colladay. Good-
rich, Hambleton, Ilandley. Ilanks. Harper. John T.
Harris, Ilaven?, Hawley, Hereford, Horndon, Hib-
bard, llolman. Kelley, Kendall, Kerr. Lamison,
Lamport, Lewis, jNianson, McClelland, MeCormiek,
llollenry, Melntvre. McJfeely. Mevcnr, Morgan,
Leonard Myers, Hosea. \V. Parker, Peters, Porter,
Potter, Price. Pi-indie. Rainey, Bead, Edward Y.
Rice, John M. Rice, Roosevelt, Seeley, Sherwood,
Shober, Shoemaker, Sloss, H. Boardman Smith,
John A.Smith, Snyder. Thomas J. Speer, Stevens,
Storm, Sutherland, Taffc, Terry, Thomas. Turner,
Van Trump, "Vaughan, Waddell, Wells, Whiteley,
Whitthorne, Winchester, and Wood—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Beatty, Bigby, Bmgbam,
Austin Blair, George M, Brooks. Buckley, Buffinton,
Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cotton,
Critcher, Crocker, Dawes, Bounan, Bunnell, d'J n k -
elnburg, Wilder 1). Foster, Garfield, Griffith, Hal-
deman, George K. Harris, Hay. Gerry W. Hazelton,
Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kellogg, Kcteham, King,
Marshall, MayDard, MeCrary, Mejjrew, McJunkin,
MeKce, Merriam, Benjamin F, Meyers, Monroe,
Morphis, Jviblaok, Orr, Packard, Packer, 1 aimer,
Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Perce, Bh Perry, Poland,
Ritchie, Ellis .11. Roberts, Rusk, jSargent. Sawyer,
Scoiield,
Speer, Si _ _
"Washington
