3878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
and transportation differ so widely from the
conditions of commerce between this country
and Europe that no argument can be drawn
from the one to the other. It is a sliame that we,
who are the nearest neighborof Brazil, who use
from thirty to forty million dollars' worth of
her products per year, should send her in
return only six millions of our own : and even
these amounts we send mainly in foreign ships.
I do not adopt the general doctrine of sub-
sidies. I do not believe that is the best rem-
edy for our decaying commerce ; but in this
case we have already inaugurated the system,
and we should do more or do nothing at all. I
shall therefore vote for the Senate amendment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MOllGAN. I oppose all subsidies upon
the ground that Congress does not possess the
constitutional power to levy taxes upon the
whole people for the purpose of making
princely gitts of money to a few individuals.
We voted the other day to give a subsidy of
SI,000,000 to the line of steamers running
between San Francisco and Japan, while the
postal revenues resulting from the carrying
the mails on that route is less than twenty
thousand dollars. It follows, therefore, that
the subsidy or bounty given without considera-
tion to the handful of men who own that line of
steamers is $980,000. Jt is proposed in the
measure now before the House to give a sub-
sidy of $400,000 to a line running from New
York to Rio, while the postal revenue result-
ing from mails carried on that line is only
$1,800, making the subsidy or proposed bounty
to be taken from the people and given to the
owners of that line $387,000. We have a
lineruuning from New Orleans to Cedar Keys
and Key West, which receives a subsidy of
$76,000, while the postal revenue resulting
from it is only $1,200, making a bounty ot
$74,800, given without a valuable considera-
tion to the people in return.
I oppose the granting of these subsidies on
another ground. 'Instead of advancing trade,
instead ot'encouraging commerce, t.hey neces-
sarily and unavoidably have the very opposite
tendency. Jt is impossible for a line of steam-
eis having no subsidy to compete with a line of
steamers receiving a large subsidy. On the con-
trary, subsidies encourage monopoly, and are
to the prejudice of the general interests of trade.
The honorable gentleman from New York
who addressed the House this morning re-
ferred to the fact that in the James river val-
ley, Virginia, a certain character of wheat is
grown from which the only flour is made which
will bear the heat of the tropics without being
spoiled. Such is the fact,; and it is also true
that the principal commodity we send to Bra-
zil in exchange lor their coll'ee is that Virginia
flour. And in this connection I wish to state
the important fact that two thirds of the cotfee
that is brought into the United States from
Brazil is consumed south of the Potomac and
west of the Alleghany mountains. Then, if
this subsidy is to be granted at all. why not
give it to a lino running from Norfolk to Bra-
zil, that port being one day's journey nearer
to Rio than is New York, and coal at Norfolk
is one dollar a ton cheaper than in New York.
We have, then, these facts: we exchange
Virginia flour for Brazilian coffee. Norfolk
is the nearest port from which that flour can
be exported; and the fuel can be obtained at
a lower rate at Norfolk than in New York.
Jf a subsidy is to be given, ought it not to be
to a Norfolk rather than to a New York line?
And especially when it is remembered that the
coffee when brought from Brazil is mostly con-
sumed in the South and West, and a railway
will soon be completed which will connect
Norfolk with Cincinnati and the great cities
of the West.
Is it wise so to legislate as to require the
flour of Virginia to be sent through Norfolk
up to New York, and there loaded into these
subsidized steamers, and in them brought back
past Norfolk on its way to Brazil.
Then there is the port of New Orleans, which
is at least three days nearer to Rio than is
New York. Prior to the war that port eon-
trolled this coffee trade, and if left alone, left
free from the unjust discrimination now pro-
posed in favor of New York by means of
enormous subsidies, this trade will return to
its natural port of entry.
I desire to refer to another matter brought
into this debate. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] has two or three times
turned to this side of the House and made an
appeal to his Democratic colleagues, and the
manner in which he has done so might create
the impression in the country that this odious
measure was to some considerable extent sup-
ported by this side of the House. Such is not
the fact. There were one hundred and ten
votes in favor of the Japanese steamship line
subsidy, and of that number there were only
sixteen Democrats, the other ninety-four be-
ing Republicans.
I do not propose to comment upon the pres-
ence of the lobby in the corridors. I do not
charge that any gentleman has been properly
or improperly influenced in his action by the
lobby. But whether gentlemen have or have
not had settlements with the lobby, one thing
is certain : those who vote for this and other
kindred measures will find that they will have
a settlement to make with the people when
they return to their constituents and are called
upon to explain why they voted oppressive taxes
to pay these subsidies.
Mr. BANKS. It affords me great pleasure
that the House has given attention to this
subject. When it was under consideration
before not one word was said upon it, when we
were called upon to vote, for or against it. And
I venture to say that, apart from the commer-
cial considerations connected with this ques-
tion, nothing can be brought to the attention
of this House more important than our con-
nection politically and internationally with the
South American States.
I congratulate the House and the country
upon the fact that our attention has been
brought in this manner to the consideration
of this question in both its aspects. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] has said tbat
tbe Constitution gives us no power to pass an
act of this kind. Sir, for seventy-five years
we have heard that same declaration against
every act that has been undertaken by the
Government. Now, what is this proposition,
and what is involved in it? It is a question
of national defense, that is what it is. This
very proposition upon which we are now called
upon to vote gives the Government the right
to take these vessels for the national defense,
and will the gentleman say that we have no
power to provide for the national defense in
this way 1
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck]
and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Morgan]
have spoken against the policy of this prop-
osition because it is for the protection of an
interest. Sir, it is a protection, a national
interest; exactly the same measure of protec-
tion that was given to Kentucky in the days
of thedark and bloody ground, and to Indiana,
and to every other frontier State, when a peo-
ple too weak to do a thing necessary to be
done called upon the Government of the Uni-
ted States for aid and received it. Now, hav-
ing been assisted in their infancy, and having
grown in their strength, they come here, and
through their honorable Representatives tell us
tbat the Government has no right to do for
others just exactly what it has done for them.
The honorable gentleman from Illinois said
that this proposition had not been considered
by any appropriate committee. Sir, this is an
appropriation ; it of course went to the Appro
priation Committpe. It could not go to the Com-
mittee on Foreign AlFairs or to the Committee
on Commerce, because it is an appropriation.
It has been reported favorably by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations. What more can we
ask ? But the gentleman is not correct in say-
ing that this subject has not been considered
by any other committee. The Committee on
Commerce has reported a bill embracing this
very proposition in general terms with many
others. I hold in my hand the bill of that
committee, providing among other things for
the aid of the Government to a line of steamers
from one of the American ports to Brazil; and
if the honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
ShellakaRger] had presented and urged this
bill, I would have preferred to sustain it rather
than to vote on this isolated question. Itis true
the Committee on Foreign Affairs has not con-
sidered this subject, because it does not belong
to that committee ; yet I feel authorized to say
that the record Of the vote will show a majority
of that committee in favor of-this measure. It
is as a member of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs alone, and in view of the international
importance of this line, that I spoke before
and speak now.
Gentlemen have said that if we grant this
subsidy we must grant all others that may be
asked. Why, sir, we spent the whole of last
Friday night in strife and by-play simply
because somebody said tbat if we voted an
appropriation of two or three thousand dol-
lars, or perhaps more, it would involve ulti-
mately an expenditure of $250,000,000 ; we
spent all night here not in -any very creditable
manner ; and when the question came to be
taken we found that almost everybody was for
the bill, that the votes against it were insig-
nificant in number. Gentlemen now bring up
the same proposition in regard to this matter.
Sir, it is a painted devil made to frighten peo-
ple, and ought not to receive the attention of
sensible men for a single moment.
The honorable gentleman from Missouri
[Mr. FinkelnburgJ has said that this is a
measure to increase, not to diminish taxes.
Sir, I take issue with him upon tbat point.
This is a bill to reduce tariffs and taxes be-
cause it is a bill to strengthen the commerce
of the country. If he will look at the reeord
he will find that wherever there has been a re-
duction of tariffs and taxes it has been because
the commerce of the country was strong. In
1824 and 1828 we had high tariffs. In 1832
we had low tariffs. In 1842 we had a high
tariff. In 1846 and in 1857 we had thelowest
tariff we have ever had, because the commerce
of the country was then most powerful and
most prosperous. Let gentlemen give their
aid to the commerce of the country, and they
will find that duties and taxes will be reduced ;
for such has been the uniform experience
heretofore. If you restrict the people to one
pftrsuit, one domestic industry, tariffs and
taxes may be increased indefinitely; but if you
have commerce on the one hand and domestic
industry on the other, these having opposite
interests, though both looking to the welfare
of tbe country, harmonize and unite upon a
common basis as they did in 1857, in 1846,
and still earlier in 1832.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] ap-
pealed to the South and the West to oppose this
bill. Let me ask the House how many mil-
lions and hundreds of millions, I might almost
say thousands of millions, have been given in
various ways for the protection and aid of the
interests of the West? Look at the railway
grants which that section has received ; look
at the protection for its agricultural interests.
No country or people on the face of the earth
has ever had such protection as has been
demanded by the West; yet now, when we
ask a trifling encouragement for commerce,
they say, " We have no constitutional power
to grant such aid, and it is against equity and
justice."
Sir, let me call the attention of those gen-
tlemen to the history of the South. Men of
that section in former days urged that Con-
gress had no right to protect any domestic
interest; and when the great hour of trial
came what was the result? Where is the
