2086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
half tbe present number. But causes were in
operation which led to their rapid multiplica-
tion.
During the revolutionary struggle, from
which colonies emerged into independent
States, the old Congress of the Confederation
had recommended to the States having waste
and unappropriated lands to make a liberal
cession for the creation of a common fund for
the benefit of all the States. Promptly and
gener6usly was this appeal responded to, and
vast territories of fertile lands, intersected by
navigable streams and eminently fit for the
abode of civilization, were thus placed at the
disposition of Congress. Over this immense
domain Congress became proprietor and law-
giver.
It does not fall within my province, how-
ever, to speak of any other portion of these
grants except that made by Virginia toward
the close of the century, lying to the north-
west of the river Ohio. Over that Congress
bad extended tho celebrated ordinance of the
13th of July, 1787. Looking into that great
future of their country not permitted them to
see_, the men of that Congress had a prophetic
vision of its destiny. They saw great com-
munities of civilized men laking the place of
the savages who tenanted the forests and prai-
ries of the Northwest. They saw great cities
rising upon the banks of its rivers and the
margins of its lakes, and the industries of
civilization usurping the place of the petty
employments of the nomadic and hunter races
which peopled it.. They sought to plant in
this wild region the seeds of religious and civil
liberty, and to fix and establish there forever
on a peimanent basis those piineiples of free-
dom and independence on which the constitu-
tions and laws of the States, then struggling for
independence, rested.
Therefore the Congress ordained that the
six articles enumerated should be considered
articles ot' compact between the original States
and '.he people and States in that teintory,
and forever remain unalteiable unless by com-
mon consent. Most of these, such as define
the absolute rights of man in. matters of taith
and religious worship, in the enjoyment of
liberty and the protection of property, such a3
define and limit the powers of government,
have been reproduced in the constitutions of
the new States, and I do not pause to com-
ment upon any except the fourth article. By
this, the Legislatures of the States to spring
up theie were never to interfere with the pri-
mary disposal of the soil by Congress. No
tax was to be imposed on lands, the property
of the United States, and in no case were non-
resident proprietors to be taxed higlier than
lesidents. By the strongest implication, the
States were allowed to tax the lands as soon
as sold.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana will please suspend his remarks.
The morning hour has expired, and the Indian
appropriation bill is before the Senate.
Air. COLE. .1 demand the regular order.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the regular order
will be informally passed over to allow my
colleague to conclude his speech. That is the
usual courtesy giauted by the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] gave notice
last week of his intention to m'ove to lay on
the table whatever might be the unfinished
business to-day for the purpose of consider-
ing the French spoliation bill, on which he
desired to speak. The Senator from Indiana's
colleague desires tbe appropriation bill to be
informally passed over to enable him to con-
clude his remarks,
Mr, CAMERON. I will say to the Senator
from Indiana that I did intend to ask the in-
dulgence of the Senate to take up the bill to
winch the Chair has alluded to-day; but yes-
terday, in returning from my home, I caught
a very severe cold, aud I am unable to speak;
so I shall take an early opportunity to ask the
indulgence of the Senate for the consideration
of that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Sena-
tor name a day?
Mr. CAMERON. I would rather not until
I see how my cold improves.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Monday and
Tuesday of next week have already been as-
signed to the business of two committees, sub-
ject to unfinished business.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Cali-
fornia declines to have the regular order passed
by informally. I therefore move that the
Indian appropriation bill be laid on the table
until my colleague concludes his speech.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Does the Sena-
tor from California object to its being inform-
ally passed over ?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Sena-
tor from Indiana moves to lay the appropria-
tion bill on the table to allow his colleague to
conclude his remarks, after which he will call
up the appropriation bill again.
Mr. MORTON. Of course.
The motion was agreed to.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana will resume his remarks.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, I have now
come to that advanced condiiion of the north-
west territory when infant States were being
born of it and admitted into the Union. The
first one introduced into the sisterhood of
States the present century was Ohio. First
born, she has kept the lead in that family
group which occupies the country between
the Ohio and the lakes, and whose western
boundary is the Mississippi. She, with Illinois,
is making the same demand of the justice of
Congress that I am to-day making for Indiana.
We have a common claim, though perhaps
the equities of Ohio are inferior to those of
Illinois or my own State.
In order to make plain to the Senate the
nature of this claim I must begin with the
act which enabled the people of Ohio to form
a constitution and State government.
They were allowed to do this upon the ac-
ceptance by them ot certain propositions. One
was that the convention of the State should
provide by an ordinance that every tract of
land sold by Congress after the 30th of June,
1802, should be and remain exempt from any
tax whatever for the term of five years from
the day of sale. One of the concessions made
by Congress for this relinquishment of the
right to tax was that one twentieth part of
the net proceeds of the lands lying within the
State sold by Congress after that date should
be applied to the laying out and making pub-
lic roads leading from the navigable waters
emptying into the Atlantic to the Ohio river,
and thence to the State of Ohio and through the
State. These roads were to be laid out under
the authority of Congress with the consent of
the States through which they should pass.
I call the attention of the Senate to the sev-
eral terms of this compact for which Ohio
relinquished her right of taxation. Tho pledge
is given by Congress that live per cent, of the
net proceeds of all sales of public lands in
Ohio shall be applied to the making, not of a
road, but roads, and these are to start from the
navigable .waters I have mentioned, and they
are to cross the Ohio river and to be built, not
to the State line, but through the State. The
roads are to be made, not begun, not partially
completed, but they are to be made, and the
five per cent, proceeds are to be applied to
the making. The compact is not that Con-
gress shall stop work when the money is spent,
but the covenant is to lay out and build the
roads whether the fund is sufficient for that
purpose or not. So the people of Ohio must
have understood it. The road to that State
and through it was what they bargained for.
It was to be a continuous road from the west-
ern line of their State to some point of inter-
section with a navigable stream whose waters
flowed into the Atlantic. Of what use to them
would be a road in Maryland or Virginia if
they had to travel through an intervening
wilderness and scale rugged mountains to
reach it ?
I pass now to the act of April 19, 1816,
which enabled the people of the Indiana Ter-
ritory to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment with the view of admission into the
Union as a State. In this law Congress
offered five propositions to the convention,
which, if accepted, should be obligatory upon
the United States.
The first was that the sixteenth section in
every township should be granted to the in-
habitants of the township for the use of
schools. . The second was that the salt springs
in the Territory and such lands as were neces-
sary for .working them, not exceeding in all
thirty-six sections, should be granted to the
State for the use of the people. The third
was that five per cent, of the net proceeds of
the public lands which should be sold after
the 1st day of December, 1816, should be
reserved for making public roads and canals,
of which three fifths should be applied to
these objects within the Stale, underihe direc-
tion of the Legislature, and two fifths to the
making of a road or roads leading to the
State, but not into or through it; and this
sum was to be expended under the direction
of Congress. The fourth and fifth proposi-
tions made small grants of lands for the use
of a seminary of learning, and for establish-
ing the seat of government.
These were the propositions. Now, sir,
consider the condition. The condition was
that in consideration of this promise and these
grants the convention should provide, by an
irrevocable ordinance, that every tract of land
sold by the United States after the 1st of De-
cember, 1816, should, as in the case of Ohio,
remain untaxable for any purpose whatever
for five years from the day of sale.
Sir, this was the hard bargain which Con-
gress drove with the people of the Territory
when they desired to emerge from their terri-
torial condition and form a State government.
In the light of the liberal grants made to the
States at a later day, and the prodigal bestow-
ments of the public lands upon S.ates and cor-
porations within the last twentv-two years,
how narrow and penny-wise seem these pro-
visions. Even the grant of the thirty-sixth
part of a township of land for so good a pur-
pose as the education of the children of the
young communities, wasgrudgingly given. The
annals of Congress at this early day are an
instructive study to the political student.
When the bill for the admission of Ohio was
under discussion, a member from Pennsylvania
protested against the diversion of what was the
common property of the States to the purpose
of common-school education.
"What authority," he exclaimed, "have
we to give the people of Ohio land equal to
the thirty-sixth part of their whole State, or
to expend on the improvements of their roads
three per cent, ot all the money arising from
the sale of the public lands in that country?"
lhe exemption from taxation provided for
he considered as nothing, or the next thing to
nothing. Lest the broad views of the Penn-
sylvania statesman should by chance become
severed from their author, in the fast-gaihf-iino-
mists which settle upon and obscure the past"
it is fit I should rescue from oblivion the name
of Andrew Gregg, who proclaimed these senti-
ments.
Now, sir, let us attend more closely to these
propositions to the people of the Indiana Terri-
tory. I said the bargain was a hard one, and
so it was. judged by.itself, or in the light of
subsequent history and subsequent legislation
on the same subject-matter.
What right did these people surrender in
their strong desire to emex'gc Irom their chrys-
alis state and take upon themselves a noble
political relation as a sovereign State in the
