1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2983
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on tl3e Passage of the bill.
Mr WEST. 1 regret very much to be com-
pelled from remissness of my own to ask the
indulgence of the Senate for a moment. There
was an amendment that I was charged with
by the Committee on Appropriations to offer to
this bill- It was offered in Committee of the
Whole but it was not pressed then owing to
some objections made by the Senator from
Indiana, [>Ir. Morton.] He has since in-
formed me that he was mistaken and wishes
the amendment adopted. I was not aware
[hat the bill had progressed to the stage that
it has, and I ask the indulgence of the Senate
to reconsider the vote ordering the bill to a
third reading.
Mr. CONKLINGr. What is the amend-
ment? Perhaps there can be unanimous con-
sent to offer it now without a reconsideration.
Mr. WEST. It is an amendment recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Navy iu refer-
ence to a patent the Department wants to pur-
chase for all the Government works.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana asks unanimous consent
to consider the amendment which will be
read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
For the purchase of a license to use in 8.11 the
works of the United States Gorman & Siegfried's
process of tempering steel for the term of their
patents, $10,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana asks unanimous consent
to have this amendment considered at this
time.
Mr. COCKLING. Is that in order under
the new rule? If it is not, it, would exonerate
the Senator from the obligation of pressing it.
It is certainly general legislation.
Mr. WEST. This amendment is something
like the amendment of the Senator irom Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] in that it was offered
before the rule was adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The amendment is in
order. It is an appropriation to do a specific
thing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment comes from the Committee on Appro-
priations, and is not legislation. Is there objec-
tion to receiving the amendment? The Chair
hears none.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques
tion is on the passage of the bill.
The bill was passed.
post omicb appropriation bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask to call up the Post
Office appropriation bill before the Senate
adjourns.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Vermont withdraw his motion
for that, purpose ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WINDOM. I move to lake up House
bill No. 1070, making appropriations for the
Post Office Department for the year ending
June 30, 1873.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. X renew my motion that
the Senate adjourn.
The
motion was agreed to ; and (at seven
o'clock andlifty-five minutes p. m.)the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 2, 1872.
D ^a^er ^ l'le Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
f he Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. HOWE. I ask unanimous consent to
dispense with the further reading o? the Jour-
nal.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maryland objects, and the reading will
be resumed.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
IIOUSl! BILLS RKFBKRBD.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits the following bills from -the House of
Representatives for reference 
Mr. RAMSEY. I had desired to ask the
Senate to give me permission this morning 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Minnesota rise to correct the Jour-
nal ?
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Sen-
ator will please suspend until the Chair lays
before the Senate bills from the House of
Representatives for reference, which is the
first business in order under the twenty-fourth
rule.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs:
A bill (H. R. No. 183) to authorize the Sec-
rotary of the Interior to make partition of the
reservation to Me-shin-go-me-sia, a Miami
Indian;
A bill (H. R. No. 872) to provide for the
sale of certain New York Indian lands in
Kansas:
A bill (H. li. No. 1811) authorizing the
removal of restrictions upon the alienation
! of certain Miami Indian lands in the State
j of Kansas;
; A bill (H. R. No. 2264) to authorize the
' Cattaraugus and Alleghany Indians, in New
' York, to lease lands and confirm leases ; and
| A bill (H. II. No. 2290) regulating the mode
of making private contracts with Indians.
The bill (H. K. No. 239) authorizing the
awaul to the Vincennes University of certain
vacant and abandoned lands in Knox county.
Indiana, was read twice by its title, and le-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lauds.
The bill (H. R. No. 2341) to allow the pleas
ure-yacht Red Hot to take the name of Addie
Parker, and be registered under that name,
was read twice by its title, and referred to
I the Committee on Commerce.
I The bill (II. It. No. 2565) to provide for the
j issue of bonds in lieu of destroyed or defaced
! bonds of the United States was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee oil
Finance.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota was recognized. Petitions
are now in order.
Mr. RAMSEY. I ask the Senate to give
me an opportunity of taking up and disposing
of the post route bill this morning.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have a petition to offer.
The ViCE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Massachusetts iusists upon that, that has
priority, and is in the nature of an objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer a memorial, signed
j by a very large number of citizens of Massa-
! chusetts, headed by Wendell Phillips, in which
they remonstrate against a repeal of the na-
i tional eight-hours-law or any amendment there-
i to increasing the hours of labor or reducing the
I present scale of wages per diem. In present-
' ing this memorial 1 desire to say that, 1 agree
i with the memorialists entirely. 1 am satisfied
! that the experiment begun ought to be made
1 and continue to the end, that the country may
! know whether that great change can be accom-
plished. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee oil Education and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. And now, Mr. President,
I ask the Senate to be good enough to take up
the District school bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have a petition that
I desire to present.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
< nature of an objection.
Mr. SUMNER. Will not the Senator allow
that bill to be taken up first?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall be through with
the petition in a moment. I think we waste
a great deal of lime by this continual asking
for unanimous consent. Why not let, us pre-
sent our petitions, and then if there is any
business to be done after the morning business
is over it can be taken up. This constant ris-
ing of one Senator alter another and interfer-
ing with the morning business just wastes the
whole morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions are now
in order, and the Senator from Illinois insists
on his right to present a petition, which is
in the nature of an objection to the request of
the Senator from Massachusetts, the same as
the Senator from Massachusetts made to the
request of the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Chair will take
notice that I make this request and give me
the floor as soon as possible.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenatorf'rom
Minnesota also gave a similar notice. The
Chair will take notice of all these requests as
far as possible.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
soldiers of the war of 1812. praying that they be
granted pensions ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have been
| requested to present the petition of T. Roessle
i & Son, of the Ailmgtoii : F. Tenney & Co. of
the National Hotel; -J. F. Cake, of the Metro-
politan Hotel; C. C. Wiilard, of the Ebbitt
House; John H. Semmes, of the St. Mate
Hotel; James Sykes. of the Imperial Hotel;
I S. W. Owen, of the Owen Blouse ; A H. Jones,
I of the Exchange Hotel : A. F. Beveridge,
! of the Washington House; T. J. Mes.sick, of
I the Continental Hotel; J. E. Lyon, of the
i St. Ciond Hotel; N. J. Hillman, of the Globe
i House; John A. Gray, of Gray's House; John
| A. Gray, of the Hamilton Bouse; John G.
Saville, of the New National Theater; John
B. Scott, of the American House, and fifteen
hundred other citizens of Washington, repre-
senting that they have no adequate protection
as to measure or quality of gas, and that it is
their belief that the price charged by the
Washington Gas-Light Company is exorbitant
and oppressive, and they ask for relief that
shall be equitable both to the manufacturer
and the consumer. 1 move that the petition
be referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petitions
i of R. G. Sims, of Ellis county, Texas; of
i Allen Birdwell, of Rusk county, Texas; of
' John C. McCay, of Dallas county, Texas; of
| James Shepherd, of Dallas county. I ex as ;
' and of O. Teagarden, of Trinity county,
j Texas, praying the l-moval of their political
ij disabilities; which w re referred to the select
lj Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
i! abilities.
Mr. WEST presented the petition of Emily
A. Thomas, piaymg compensation ^ for prun-
eity alleged to have been taken by United
States troops in 1863; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
papers withdrawn and ukj'kkkei).
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Orders/, That, the petition and papers in the
case ol Wells. Fargo & Co. be taken irom the files
of the fcenate and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it whs
Or<hre<i, That the memorial and papers in the
case of the United States Express Company be taken
fiom the Qles ot the senate and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
JihPOKTS COMMITTKEh.
Mr. POOL. 1 am directed by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary to xeport back the^ bill
(H, B. No. 2192) to establish a western judz-
