1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3879
South now? Sir, give us the protection, the
aid, and the Government favor that has been
given to the West, and we shall ask nothing
more.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. Mr. Speaker, I would not have
risen again to add anything to what I have said
before but for some remarks made by my
friend from New York [Mr. Brooks] drawing,
I admit, very properly an unfavorable contrast
between myself and my great predecessors.
But, sir, the same contrast could have been
drawn between them and any other gentle-
man in this House, the gentleman from New-
York not excepted, perhaps not in the same
degree. Whatever Mr. Clay may have done
or would have done when he was alive, I
know the people of my district to-day, if they
could be heard on this floor—and I only speak
here because they cannot all speak for them-
selves—would say to this House arid to this
country, in the present condition of taxation
and in the present condition of our trade with
Brazil, it is an outrage to tax the people still
further and thus add to the cost of their living
and to the cost of their productions that much
more by giving $1,000,000 to subsidize this
line of steamers.
Why, sir, if Mr. Clay were here to-day I
have no sort of doubt he would be opposed
to all these schemes of subsidy which gave
theseenormoussums of money to corporations,
at the same time adding still further to the
heavy burdens of taxation imposed upon the
masses of a tax-ridden people. At the date of
his death, if you will turn to the fiuancial re-
ports of the Government for the year 1870,
page 30, you will find that $44,000,000 was the
utmost spent in one year by all the Depart-
ments of this Government. The same report
shows that in 1870 the expenditures of the
Government were $702,907,842. We are pay-
ing into the Treasury $400,000,000 from
customs and internal revenue taxes and in
subsidies in the way of pensions—bounties,
call them what you please—to privileged
classes under the tariff system as now ar-
ranged, $444,000,000 more. Eight hundred
and forty thousand dollars is the amount which
the people are now paying in the way of
revenue bounty pensions, more than half of
it to a few favored individuals. And every
intelligent man knows that the great mass of
this taxation falls upon the body of the labor-
ing people of the country. Though the fact
may be that it is collected by the tax-gatherer
from the great manufacturing interests, yet, sir,
it cannot be denied it is the laboring men, who
toil day after day, either in the mines under
the earth or upon the soil, who pay it in the
last resort.
Look, Mr. Speaker, at the agricultural in-
terests. Four thousand and odd millions are
the aggregate productions of the agricultural
interests of this country, while the manufac-
turing interests are less than five hundred
millions; hardly one tenth. Yet the great mass
of our people have to be taxed over fifty per
cent, on everything they use to support those
very manufacturing interests and make their
proprietors rich enough to fill these lobbies
and control legislation here.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] talks about the protection given to the
West in great land bounties. There has not been
a land corporation, whether the Union Pacific,
the Central Pacilic, the Northern Pacific, or the
Southern Pacific, or any other great corpora-
tion to which the enormous grants of land and
money have been made, which is not and has
not been in the hands of New England and
New York speculators. They are the men, Mr.
Speaker, who hold these lands, and hold them
from ihe men uf the West, and yet it isargued
that, the men of the West are benefited by the
land grants given to these vast corporations,
when, in fact, the reverse is true. Every
man in this House knows that every one of
these jobs was put through in the interest of
men living in the great manufacturing and
moneyed cities of the East, and th&t they were
passed through both Houses of Congress by
the influence and by the capital of these
eastern speculators.
We are told by granting this subsidy we will
stimulate trade between this country and Bra-
zil. What is the result now in the develop-
ment of this steamship line which is running
to-day between the United States and Brazil
and carrying our mail, the revenue from which
is only $13,000 a year? They charge on this
line of steamers to every man who sells a bar-
rel of flour and who wishes it taken to Brazil
$1 50, while the sailing vessels charge only
one dollar a barrel, and get it to liio Janeiro
within nine days of these steamers. This line
of steamships charges $1 50 freight for each
bag of coffee, which we can get by sailing ves-
sels at one dollar a bag. In other words, these
steamships arc running in competition with
our own American sailing ships; and when
gentlemen talk about building up our com-
merce I ask them to look at thestatlstics which
show we have the best country to sell to and
the worst country in the world to buy from.
It is true that we are closer neighbors to
Brazil, and that we have better products, but
our taxes are so great that we cannot afford
to sell unless we get an enormous price for
them. Turn to the monthly report of the
Bureau of Statistics, and you will find that
the exports from Rio Janeiro to the United
States for the first six months of 1871 were
$17,228,000, while to Great Britain they were
$5,700,000. Turn again, and look at the im-
ports into Rio for the same period. Great
Britain sent to them $21,800,000, while the
United States sent $2,300,000. It will be seen,
therefore, that the United States is a loser to
the extent of $15,000,000 ill gold in a period
of six months of last year in that trade, while
England gains almost a corresponding amount.
The reason why the balance of trade in this
respect is so vastly against us and in favor of
Great Britain is simply because we are so
oppressed by our taxes, as I have already
said, that while we are the best country in the
world to sell to, we are the very worst to buy
from. We are told the owners make nothing
on this line of steamers. We know that when
the war was over they bought these ships at a
very cheap rate, and established this line of
steamers, and that they now charge fifty per
cent, more than the same freight can be ear-
ned by sailing vessels.
And now you are asked to double the boun-
ties to them, so that you may still more effect-
ually destroy the cheap wooden ships tbat are
carrying two thirds of the trade both ways.
That is the whole of it. The whole system of
subsidy is wrong, and extorts from the whole
to enrich a few. It is folly to talk about re-
ducing taxation while you pile on subsidy, and
while tariff taxation is crushing commerce ; you
are only adding to the burdens of the masses
by this system.
Mr. GOODRICH. Mr. Speaker, is it pos-
sible that the extraordinary spectacle is about
to be set of this House going back on itself
in the reversal of its own vote by which, a
few days since, it decisively withheld its as-
sent to the subsidy that has been incorporated
in the appropriation bill before us by the Sen-
ate, and in which we are now asked to concur ?
That concurrence, if it shall be given, will, sir,
in connection with the concurrence already
accorded by this House to another amendment
by the Senate of a similar character, in favor
of the steamship service between San Fran-
cisco and Japan and China, inaugurate a de-
parture from the past course of legislation
here, and establish a system of subsidizing
particular interests at the expense of the
common industry of the country, after the
example of Governments in the Old World.
I trust, sir, we are not about to enter upon
that dangerous imitation.
For what reasons, why, are we asked to do
it? Under the act of May, 1864, for the encour-
agement of the mail servico between the port
of New York and Brazil, the Government con-
tracted cm its part to-pay for tbat service, in
the delivery of the mails between the two
countries once a month, $150,000 per annttm
for the term of ten years, on condition, that
Brazil should contribute on her part a. like
sum for the same service, which Brazil engaged
to do. Both Governments are under tbat con-
tract with the United States and Brazil Steam-
ship Company, and will be until 1875, when
the contract will expire. But, sir, without
awaiting its expiration, the proposition now is
to contract for substituting for the monthly a
semi-monthly delivery of the mails between
New York and Brazil, and to increase the
compensation therefor from $150,000 to a
sum not exceeding $400,000 per annum for an-
other period often years. I repeat, upon what
ground is so extraordinary a proposition sought
to be defended?
Why, sir, it is said that Brazil is a vast, a
growing, and important country, with which
it is desirable that we should have a more
frequent than monthly communication by
mail. Quite likely that is so. It certainly
has been so in the past, and will doubtless be
so in the future, in reference to other coun-
tries about us, of equal, perhaps of even
greater importance to us than Brazil, and yet
it never has been, and never can be, I am
sure, thought necessary that we should subsi-
dize steamship or other companies to effect-
uate the desired intercourse.
As to the income, our Government has de-
rived as postages from the monthly deliveries
of the mails which have thus far been made
under the existing contract, I may state that
the amount has not exceeded about thirteen
thousand dollars per annum.
Mr. GARETELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will fiermit me, I desire to ask him if he
is not familiar with the fact that many of our
great mail lines do not bo gin Ho pay?
Mr. GOODRICH. I understand in regard
to many of the mail linos to other countries
there has been a falling off in the amount of
postages received during the last year or two,
in consequence of a reduction in the rates of
foreign postages.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In what I said
just now, I had reference to home lines.
Mr. GOODRICH. I have before me the
report of the Postmaster General, which shows
that the receipts for postages for the past year
from mails delivered by the steamship line be-
tween New York and Brazil were $13,270 59.
Assuming that the sum would be doubled
under semi monthly deliveries, still even such
receipts for postages would, as will be seen,
go but a little way toward compensating for the
extraordinary sum of $400,000 per annum,
which it is now proposed we shall give for such
carriage ofthe mails between the two countries.
In the bill which, if it passes by now re-
ceiving the concurrence of the House in the
added amendment, will bind us to the payment
of this sum. it is stipulated tbat all the vessels
"hereafter" accepted for the increased mail
service to be contracted for shall be con-
structed so as to be convertible into war ves-
sels, and the Government of the United States
shall have the right, if war shall arise, to take
them for that purpose by paying therefor a
just equivalent; and this right, it is claimed
by the friends of the measure, will go some
way toward compensating for the subsidy that
is proposed.
Sir, the steamship company at present em-
ployed in making the monthly deliveries of
the mails have in use for the service three
steamers. These are already built and "ac-
cepted 1' for the service. Under the proposed
contract for the increased service, theaddition
of at most two more vessels would enable the
company to make the semi-monthly trips ; so
that the utmost the Government can gain will
be the right, if war shall arise, to take but the
