1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,243
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Senator from, North Carolina—Mr. Thurnxan.
Senate.
first deciding, solemnly adjudicating, that he
had not a right to the office that the court
could come to the exercise of their discretion.
So that there was not a particle of obiter
dictum there. What was the case? It was
this: Anderson was elected sheriff of Hunter-
don county; he had not been threp years a
freeholder, and was absolutely disqualified, a
statute of 1788 having declared that "no per-
son shall hereafter be eligible to the office of
sheriff in any county of this State unless he
shall be and shall have been an inhabitant
thereof and possessing a freehold estate in his.
own right in fee-simple in the same county for
three years previous to his election," showing
that the disqualification was absolute against
even being elected. What did the court say?
"Held by the court, that Anderson was disquali-
fied, but that his election was not void."
This is the syllabus of the case:
" The election of an unqualified person as sheriff
is not ipso facto void; it is only voidable."
Then they say in the opinion: "still, how-
ever, we think that the election was not ipso
facto void." The court had to decide that
before they eould ever entertain the question
of discretion which the Senator from Wiscon-
sin says they did in that case. So far from its
being obiter dictum, it was necessary to the
decision which had to be made before the court
could render the judgment which they ren-
dered. This was in New Jersey. I have
spoken of the Wisconsin case. Now I come
to the State of California, the case of Saun-
ders vs. Haynes. (13 California Reports.)
There the case was that the man elected was
a United States officer in the State of Cali-
fornia, and upon well-settled principles the
electors were bound to take notice that he
was that officer when they voted for him.
Mr. CARPENTER. The court held that
he was not ineligible.
Mr. THURMAN. That is true, and there-
fore my friend says it is obiter dictum. There
again he is mistaken. They decided against
the relator. They decided that the minority
man in such a case was not elected ; and that
was sufficient to dispose of the case with-
out touching the question of the other man's
eligibility or not. So you might just as well
turn it around and say that the decision that
he was eligible was obiter dictum. There
again is a case of two good and sound reasons
given for a judgment either one of which was
sufficient, and neither of which, therefore,
was obiter dictum. That case is full to the
point, and was decided on full argument.
Now I come to the Mainecase, and Ibelieve
it was my friend before me who put the ques-
tion to the judges. I do not know how many
Morrills have been Governors of Maine, but I
think my friend has been, and he is the man
who put the question.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It was my
brother.
Mr. THURMAN. What was the case in
38 Maine Reports? In Maine, like Massa-
chusetts, the Governors are in the habit
of consulting the judges on questions of law.
Instead ot' having an attorney general to con-
sult, they consult the judges, just exactly as
they used to do in England. It is a very con-
venient way, because if you get the judges
committed on your side, you are sure of being
right and can go ahead. We do not think it
exactly right in our country to do that,
but they do it in Maine, and so far nobody has
complained about it. It works well, I have no
doubt; it makes the thing go smooth. The
facts of the case were these: a majority of the
votes at an election in Sagadaliock county were
for Abel C. Dinslow for county commissioner.
There was no such person in being, for although
I think the canvassers of the votes made very
great asses of themselves in saying that there
was no such person in being, or rather in not
counting those votes for the man for whom
they were intended, yet in the case laid before
the judges it had to be assumed that there was
no such person in being, and the judges
assumed that all the way through, and in fact
they had to assume it, otherwise the question
before them would have been of no signifi-
cance at all.
The Governor submitted to the judges the
question whether it was competent to throw
out the votes for Abel C. Dinslow and to issue
a new commission to such person who is eligi-
ble to said office as shall appear to have the
highest number of votes. There Abel C. Dins-
low was apparently elected ; there was no such
man inesse, you could hardly conceive a higher
case of a man throwing away his vote than to
vote for a nonentity; yet that was the case
The question submitted to the judges was this:
"Can I commission the minority man? Here
is a dead man running against a living man,
and the dead man beat."
Mr. CARPENTER. Either my friend is
mistaken about that case or I am. I under-
stand the question submitted to be this : after
one Governor and council had passed on
the question, could another Governor and
council 
Mr. THURMAN. I will show that my
friend is entirely mistaken about that, for
though the court did decide that, they decided
more than that.
Mr. CARPENTER. This was obiter dictum.
Mr. THURMAN. You cannot show it is
obiter dictum when the opinion of the judges
is asked on the question, and they respond
directly to the question. There was a case in
which the nonentity beat the entity. The
nonentity had the majority, and the Governor
said "I have issued a commission to this non-
entity but he will not take it; he cannot take
it. Can I commission the man in being who
was the next highest on the poll?" What did
the judges say in reply to that?
Mr. CARPENTER. Does the Senator
understand that the Governor who put that
question had issued that commission ?
Mr. THURMAN. I will answer the Sena-
tor's argument presently. That question was
put to the judges whether the Governor could
commission the man who had received a mi-
nority of the votes, there being no such person
in existence as the man for whom the majority
voted, and the judges answered m the negative ;
he could not do it. They were further asked—
and row I want my friend's attention—whether
the office was vacant, and they answered that
it was. How could they decide it was vacant
unless they decided first that the votes for the
minority man could not be counted, and there
being no such man in esse as the majority
man, therefore the office was vacant.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator
means to say, I suppose, that there was no man
bearing the identical name voted for.
Mr. THURMAN. Abel C. Dinslow was
voted for. There was a inan whom the elect-
ors intended to elect, whose name was Abel
E. Dinsbw, I think, but that could not be
taken into.account because the canvassers had
certified that Abel C. Dinslow was elected and
the previous Governor had issued a commission
to him. and iheret'ore in the ease submitted to
the judges it had to be assumed there was no
such person in being as the man who had re-
ceived a majority ot the votes, and the ques-
tion was first, whether or not the Governor
could commission the man who received the
next highest number of votes. The judges
said, ''No, yon cannot do that; because in the
first place yon cannot go behind the canvass
already made and the commission issued by
your predecessor."'
Mr. CARPENTER. Now will my friend al-
low me one question? It seems impossible that
he and I can disagree as tu what is decided in
that case. The judges say there that "You, the
Governor and council of the State, are not the
general judges of elections; your duty is
purely ministerial, you are confined to a mere
canvass of thereturned votes. Your predeces-
sors exercised that function once for all, and
when they decided that the people had made an
election, and had elected Abel C. Dinslow, that
was all that the Governorand council of Maine
can ever say upon that subject. If that man
does not hold the office no one else can. They
rendered a judgment that he was elected, and
to allow you now to go on and reconsider the
case would make you the general judges of
election. Therefore you cannot do it." That
is all there is in that case, as I understand it.
Mr. THURMAN. My friend is mistaken
about that being all that was involved in the
case. So far from that, this is the fact ;■ the
judges answered the Governor, you cannot
commission the man whom the electors in-
tended to elect because they did not vote for
that man ; they mistook his name, and voted
for Abel C. Dinslow instead of for Abel E.
Dinslow, and you cannot correct that error
which was committed by fhe canvassers and
by your predecessor in office, and you cannot
commission the minority man.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend allow
me to put one question at that point, and I do
it not for the purpose of putting in a reply to
his argument, but to see if we cannot get at
an understanding between ourselves. If the
question had been put by that former Governor
and council whether they eould commission
the man who had the minority of the votes,
or whether, finding thatthere was a mistake in
the first man's name, the office was vacant,
then it would have been proper. But the
question was not put by that body; it was put
by their successors ; and the judges say that
the decision of the former Governor and coun-
cil was in fact a judgment, and you cannot
review it; you are bound by that; and if
there is no man in existence that has been
decided to be elected, the function of the
Governor and council to decide who was
elected ha3 been exercised and has passed.
That is what they say.
Mr. THURMAN. Here is the error of my
friend ; it seems very plausible, and yet he is
entirely mistaken. A judgment in favor of a
man not in esse is a nullity. If the highest
court in the nation were to render a judgment
in favor of a man not in esse it would be simply
a nullity.
Mr. CARPENTER. The fact in that case
was that they had made a mistake as to the
middle initial of a man's name; and in no
place but the State of Maine, and never in the
State of Maine except iu that case of Dinslow,
bv a mistaken judgment of the Governor and
council, not of the court, has a middie initial
been held to be any part of any man's
name. There was therefore no vote for a man
not in existence, no vote for a nonentity, no
intention to throw away the vote at all; but
after the election was closed, and the legal
authorities had passed upon it, and had said
who was elected, the opinion ot' the judges
was that after that function had been once
exercised it could never be reviewed by the
Governor and council or by their successors.
They having decided that one man was elected
at that election, they could not decide that
another man who had another number of votes
was elected ; t.h«y had no revising power.
Mr. THURMAN. That is what my friend
said in his argument before. My friend has
got into a circle, and he cannot see our. of it.
Here a "prior Governor and coiincil had decided
that Abel C. Dinslow was the eleefed man :
that was the judgment which the Governor, who
submitted this question to the judges, could
not reverse. It was not a judgment about
Abe! E. Dinslow.
