1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
referred to the Committee oil the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PO.MEROl asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 428) for the relief of settlers on the Osage
lands in the State of Kansas; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
as it extends the time of payment for some
Indian lands, and regulates the manner of then-
entry.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a_ bill
(S. No. 429) supplementary .to an act entitled
"An act to aid in the construction of telegraph
lines, and to secure to the Government the
use of the same for postal, military, and other
purposes," approved July 24, I860; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. This bill relates simply
to a few pieces of land in the State of Florida.
A company were entitled to preempt some laud
in the State of Florida where they established
their stations, but the preemption laws do not
now extend to the State of Florida, and the
company cannot get. the lands. I move the
reference of the bill to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 430) granting public lands to the District
of Columbia for the support of public schools ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
"the Committee on Education and Labor, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
431) for the relief of Louis C. Madeira and
Emilio F. Cabada; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 432) to establish a mail route from Jack-
sonville to Samo valley, in Oregon ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 433) for the relief of Miss Anne Ella
Carroll; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 434) to regulate commerce among the
several States; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 435) to authorize the President to
accept the resignation of judges of any court
of the United States; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
documents l?01l supreme court judges
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. _ I offer the fol-
lowing resolution, and ask for its present con-
sideration :
Resolved, That a copy of the Daily and Congres-
sional Globe, and of sucli documents as are printed
by order of the Senate, except those tor its exclusive
use, be furnished to each ot' the judges ot the
Supreme Court of the United States.
Mr. HAMLIN. Let that resolution lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over. As this res-
olution provides for an increase of the number
of documents, the Chair will suggest to the
Senator from Maine that probably, under the
law, it should be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. HAMLIN. Very well.
Mr. FRELINHUYSEN. I have no objec-
tion to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
retrenchment committee.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion which, if I am right in my recollection of
the state of business before the Senate, it
becomes necessary for u§ to act upon at this
time. It will take but a single moment:
Resolved, That the Committee on Investigation
and Retrenchment be authorized to sit during the
sessions of Congress.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not remember that
such leave has been given to that committee.
They are in session in New York to-day, and
certainly they cannot swear witnesses; their
acts will be illegal. I have therefore offered
this resolution, and hope it will pass.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Onght it not to read,
"During the sessions of the Senate" instead
of "during the sessions of Congress?"
Mr. SUMNER. That is the proper term.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will modify the resolu-
tion by striking out " Congress" and inserting
" Senate."
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
collection of customs.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour lacks but one moment of completion, and
if there is no objection, the Chair will regard
the morning hour as expired. It has expired,
and the amnesty bill being the unfinished busi-
ness on the 21st of December last, is before
the Senate, the pending question being on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumneb.] The Senator from
New York [Mr. Fentox] has risen in pursu-
ance of a previous notice, and will state for
what purpose.
Mr. FENTON. When I reported, some three
weeks ago, Senate bill No. 2, to regulate the
service in the collection of customs, &c., I
staled that I would ask the Senate to take up
the bill at one o'clock to-day for the purpose
of enabling me to submit some remarks in
explanation of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amnesty bill
being before the Senate asthe unfinished busi-
ness of the last legislative sitting, the Senator
from New York asks that it may be informally
passed over that he may submit some remarks,
as he previously gave notice of his intention
to do, on a bill introduced by himself, and
reported by the Finance Committee, in regard
to the organization of the customs service.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the amnesty bill
will be passed over informally by unanimous
consent that the Senator from New York may
be allowed an opportunity of submitting his
remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require
unanimous consent or a motion to set it aside.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I observe that the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, [Mr. Rohertsox.]
who has charge of the amnesty bill, is not in
his seat, this morning. I desire myself to have
that bill passed at an early day, but I will not
insist on going on with it this morning, as he
is not in his seat, and l am willing, for one,
that it shall go over informally; but I hope it
will not be understood that it is to be passed
out of the way.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly not.
Mr. SAWYER. My colieague, who has
charge of the amnesty bill, will necessarily be
absent Suring the whole of the present week.
I share the desire of the Senator from Illinois
that the amnesty bill may not lose it place. _ I
should like to inquire whether it will lose its
place by this proceeding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state that the request of the Senator
from New York is that the unfinished business
be informally passed over. By the usage of
the Senate, when the unfinished business is
passed over, it is liable to be called up at any
moment by any Senator; so that before the
adjournment to-day the amnesty bill can be
called up at any moment by any Senator who
sees fit to do so, and left as the unfinished
business. It can be called up by any Senator
demanding the regular order, and then it will
be the unfinished business. The Chair hears
no objection to the unfinished business being
passed over informally. The amnesty bill can
be called up at any moment previous to the
adjournment this day by any Senator demand-
ing the regular order.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 2) to
regulate the service in the collection of cus-
toms at tlie various ports of entry in the Uni-
ted States, and to dispose of fines, penalties,
and forfeitures incurred under the laws relat-
ing to customs, and for other purposes.
Mr. FENTON. I send the bill to the Sec-
retary's desk, and ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the bill as it would
stand if the amendments reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance were agreed to, as follows:
That in lieu of tho salaries, moieties, and perqui-
sites, of whatever name or nature, and commissions
on disbursements, now paid to and received by col-
lectors, naval officers, surveyors, and other officers
and em ploy*'scon nee ted with the collectors' depart-
ments in tho various ports in the United States, tho
com pensation of such officers shall hereafter be regu-
lated and fixed as follows:
For tho collector of tho district of New York,
815,000 per annum.
For the surveyor and naval officer at tho port of
New York, each $10,000 per annum.
For the assistant collector of tho district of New
York, 40,000 per annum.
For tho deputy collectors of tho district of New
York, each $5,00i) per annum.
For tho chief clerk of each division under a deputy
collector, at the port of New York, $.1,009 per annum.
For the day inspectors of customs in the district of
New York, five dollars per diem.
For night inspectors at said port, four dollars per
dinn.
The compensation of the entry and liquidating
clerks in the offieo of the colieetorof customs atNew
York shall be fixed by tho Secretary of the Treasury
at a sum not to exceed $3,000 per annum, rind there
shall be appointed by theSecretary of the Treasury,
in tho offices of tho collector and surveyor, such
storekeepers,clerks, messengers, and othercmployGs,
on tho nomination ot tho collector, as in the opinion
of the Secretary may bo neccssary to perform the
duties required in the collector's department in said
district of Now York, at salaries to be fixed by him,
not to exceed those now paid fur like services. Tho
compensation of deputy naval officers and deputy
surveyors at the port of Sow York shall bo, respect-
ively, as that fixed tor deputy collectors in said dis-
trict; and the com pensation of theliquidating clerks,
entry clerks, andchief clerk= in the naval office shall
be the same, respectively, as that fixed for liko offi-
ccrs in the collector's department; thatsuch officers
as properly belong to the naval office shall bo ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Treasury on tho
nomination ot the naval officer, and that, the other
clerks and messengers required in tho offieo of tho
collector and naval office shall be appointed by tho
collector and naval officer respectively, and at sala-
ries to be fixed by tho Secretary of the Treasury, not
exceeding those now paid for like services t and that
the offices of auditor and cashier in tho offieo of tho
collector at New Yorka'-o hereby abolished, and tho
duties heretofore discharged by those officers shall
be discharged by deputy collectors, to he detailed by
the collector; and the officer now known as assistant
auditor shall be hereafter designated and known as
chief clerk of said division.
sec. 2. That in lieu of tho offioers now employed
at tho port of New York in weighing;, gauging, and
measuring merchandise, imported and expoitod
under the custom- laws, there shall be one superin-
tendent of weighing, gauging, and measuring, ap-
pointed by the Secretary of the Treasury, at a Hilary
ot $5,000 per annum. There shall also be appointed
bv tho Secretary of the Treasury, on the nomination
of such superintendent, assistant superintendents
of weighing, gauging, and measuring, not exceed-
ing twelve in number, whoseeompensation shall not
exceed the sum ot $2,500 per annum, and such anum-
ber of clerk?, foremen, and messengers as tho Sec-
retary shall deem necessrry, at salaries fixed byhim.
Said superintendent shall be authorized to employ
such a number of laborers as may be absolutely re-
quired to perform the labor in his department, at a
compensation not to exceed the rate per hour paid
at tho time for similar labor; and each superintend-
ent shall make a monthly statement to theSecretary
of the Treasury of tho number of men employed by
him, the number of hours employed, and the rate of
wages paid. The duty of the superintendent ap-
pointed under this act, and the officers employed
under him, shall be to perform all the services now
