2984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
cial district of North Carolina, and recommend
its passage as it came from the House without
amendment, and 1 ask that it be taken up and
disposed of at this time.
Mr. POMEROY. This morning I object to
everything that is out of order, no matter what
it is. There is some morning business that we
ought to get through with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made to the consideration of the bill, it cannot
be acted on to-day. Perhaps the Senator from
North Carolina will withdraw the report until
another day when he can have it considered.
Mr. POOL. I withdraw the report.
Mr. POMEROY. I will say to the Senator
from North Carolina that as soon as we get
through with the morning business I am will-
ing that he shall present his bill for action.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 081) for the relief of Edmund Jussen,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 950) authorizing
the Kansas Valley National Bank of Topeka,
in the State of Kansas, to change its name to
the First National Bank of Topeka, reported
adversely thereon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will be postponed indefi-
nitely.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse
report.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions
have had under consideration the petition of
John Smith, a soldier of the war of 1812, pray-
ing a pension of $8 33^ a month. The peti-
tioner shows as his only title to relief that he
served as a soldier in the war of 1812 twenty -
four days instead of sixty. There are a
great many cases similarto that of Mr. Smith
where the petitioners are debarred from ob-
taining a pension under the act of February
14, 1871, and come to Congress for relief.
They are all of them old, and most of them in
indigentcireuinstances, and it would be invidi-
ous to single out one or more cases and grant
pensions for a less term of service than that fixed
m the law. The thing should be done, if at
all, by a modification of the existing law, which
restricts pensions to those who have served
sixty days. The committee have under con-
sideration the question whether the act of
February, 1871, should not be modified so as
to allow a less term of service to entitle the
soldier to a pension. The committee report
adversely in this case because the action, if'atiy,
on the subject should be general.
The committee were discharged from the
further consideration of the petition.
Mr. PRAT I', from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred a petition of citi-
zens of Illinois, praying the passage of a law
granting pensions to all soldiers of the wars
of 1812 and 1801, asked lo be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was aareed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the petition
of John U. Wickham, jr., Job B. Bcverstock,
and Oscar B. Smith, praying the enactment
of a law changing the spelling of the name
of the schooner La Pette to that of La Petite,
reported a bill (S. No. 1062) to change the
name of the schooner La Pette to La Petite;
which was read, and passed to the second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 999) to author-
ize inquiries into the causes of steam-boiler
explosions, reported it without amendment.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Mrs. L. Adelia Foster, praying to be allowed
a pension in the right of her husband on the
grade of a major, have directed me to report
i bill in favor of the petitioner, and I ask to
bave it put on its passage now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Kansas object to pension bills being
considered?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir, I object this
morning to everything that is out of order.
The bill (S. No. 1063) granting a pension
to L. Adelia Foster was read, and passed to the
second reading.
Mr. EDMUNDS, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H.
II. No. 1064) to amend an act granting a pen-
sion to William C. Pickens, reported adversely
thereon ; and the bill was postponed indefi-
nitely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of J. \V. Cronkite,
praying for a pension according to the grade
of lieutenant colonel, reported a bill (S. No.
1064) granting a pension to J. W. Cronkite ;
which was read, and passed to the' second
reading.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
same committee, to whom was referred a peti-
tion of citizens of West Virginia, praying tor a
pension in behalf of the minor children of G.
W. Dakon, a soldier in the Army, to ask to be
discharged from its further consideration. The
evidence of the only witness is so conflicting,
whenyou cometo put his two affidavits together,
that we are unable to find any just ground on
which to recommend the granting of the prayer,
although a year ago I think the committee
reported favorably, but on finding both the
affidavits we do not think it can be done.
The committee were discharged from the
further consideration of the petition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
same committee to report back the petition of
Catherine Middleton, widow of John D. Mid-
dleton, a soldier of the war of 1812, adversely,
and ask lo be discharged on the ground that
the marriage took place alter the war, and
therefore to grant a pension in this case would
be directly in the lace of the act on that sub-
ject.
The committee were discharged from the
further consideration of the petition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 am also directed by the
same committee to report adversely upon the
petition of Owen McOauley, praying that he
be paid arrears of pension. The question
presented in this ease is not the usual one of
arrears, but the question of medical degree,
he having been at, one time reduced in the
Pension Office to a lower grade and again
raised—a matter which, of course, wo cannot
inquire into except on a very extreme case.
The committee_ were discharged from the
further consideiation of the petition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee
report adversely on the bill (II. R. No. 1872)
to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Mary A. Morris, widow of
Major General William W. Morris, upon the
pension-roll, at the rate of fifty dollars per
month, upon the same ground that the Senate
has acted on all the time in regard to arrears
of pension.
I he bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee
report adversely on the bill (H. R. No. 2395)
increasing the pension of Mrs. Jane W. 'Mc-
Kee, on the same ground which has been so
often stated.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am instructed by the
same committee to report adversely on the
bill (H. R. No. 2396) granting a pension to
Martha R. White, j his lady is the remarried
widow of a soldier of the war of 1812, and we
report, adversely upon the ground that the act
granting these pensions expressly declares that
remariied widows shall not be entitled, and
therefore in an individual case it would be
improper to grant it.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. HOWE. The Committee on Claims
ask to be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the resolution of the Legislature of
Kansas, in favor of paying the losses sustained
by the people of that State in consequence of
the misconduct of territorial officials in 1856,
and praying the passage of a bill which has
come to us from the House of Representatives,
which is before the Committee on Military
Affairs, and we wish this resolution to take
the same direction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
1551) for the relief of S. B. Mitchell, George
W. Mitchell, and John W. Mitchell, reported
it "with an amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. I am directed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. R. No.
6) permitting certain diplomatic and consular
officers of the United States in France to ac-
cept testimonials from the emperor of Ger-
many for their friendly services to the subjects
of the emperor during the war between France
and Germany, to report it without amendment;
and as 1 suppose there will be no opposition
to it, I ask the Senate to put it on its passage
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas has objected to anything to-day except
the regular order of business.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
for one morning go through with the morning
business. The Senator can get a chance to call
up his bill in five minutes when the morning
business will be through.
Mr. CAMERON. I will ask for action on
it in five minutes as soon as the morning busi-
ness is over.
Mr. SCOTT. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Albert;
Grunt, praying payment for money expended
under contract, for the construction of a fire-
proof ^lorehouse at Schuylkill arsenal, Phila-
delphia, have instiucted me to report it back,
and ask to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the subject, accompanied by a
written report. I make this report in obedi-
ence to the instructions of the majority of the
committee, stating that [ dissent from it.
The ViCli PKKSJDENT. The report will
be printed, and the committee discharged from
the further consideration of the subject.
Mr. SCO IT, from tne same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 1262)
for the relief of Charles Hipp, of St. Mary,
Auglaize county, Ohio, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. SCOTT. I am also directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
memorial ot A. Gordon Mullen, asking the
passage of an act to authorize the reissue of
tour bonds destroyed by fire, to report a bill
for his relief. It is a very meritorious case,
and 1 ask for the present consideration of
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas has objected to the consideration
of every bill this morning. If be withdraws
the objection, the Chair will put the question
to the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought we could go
through for once with the morning business in
regular order and then take up these matters
afterward in order. "
Mr. SCO IT. Then I ask leave to withdraw
the report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report is
withdrawn.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 706) to authorize
the continuance of mail steamship service be-
tween the United States and Cuba, reported
it with amendments, and submitted a report
thereon, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee nfi
Finance, to whom was referred the request of
the minister of the German empire that cer-
tauii United States bonds burned in Spitzen-
dorf, Germany, may be reissued in duplicate
