244
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 15,
Senate.
Senator from North Carolina—Mr. Thurman.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly it was. There
were not two men elected at that election, and
the Governor and council bad decided that
Abel C. Dinslow was the one man who was
elected. If so, certainly the other man was
not elected. Now. when they found out that
that wus a mistaken decision, the new Gov-
ernor and council asked the judges, "Can we
correct that blunder?" They say, " No ; be-
cause you are not the general judges of elec-
tions ; the duty of the Governor and council
is purely ministerial."
Mr. THURilAN. My friend hasjust exactly
gaid the same thing over again. The judgment
was, that they could not correct 
Mr. CARPENTER. The judgment of the
Governor and council holding that Abel C.
Dinslow had been elected.
Mr. THURMAN. That is just what I did
say.
Mr. CARPENTER. If he was elected, the
other man was not.
Mr. THURMAN. That is exactly the Sen-
ator's argument. That is what I am going to
answer. The judgment that the judges said
could not be reviewed was a judgment that
Abel C. Dinslow was elected when there was
no such man as he. There was no question,
they had no right to look whether there was a
man named Abel C. Dinslow or Abel E. Dins-
low. There the judgment said Abel C. Dins-
low is elected. If there was no such person
in esse it is the same as if the court rendered
judgment in favor of a man who did not exist,
and that judgment is simply a nullity.
Mr. CARPENTER. Now, to prove what
the Senator wants he must also go a little
further and say that if the court renders a
judgment in favor of a plaintiff and it turns
out that the plaintiff is dead, that is a legal
udgment in favor of the defendant.
Mr. THURMAN. No, no; that is exactly
what my friend comes to. That is precisely
what he wants ns to come to. That was ex-
actly the question that the Governor submitted
to the judges. They said, ''Here is judgment
for this plaintiff, Abel C. Dinslow; but there
is no such man, but you cannot give the com-
mission to the defendant."
Mr. CARPENTER. That is to say, as
Abel C. Dinslow, the man you say was elected,
is dead, therefore the other man is elected.
Mr. THURMAN. If my friend will not
interrupt me I will dispose of this matter, for
it is not of sufficient consequence to take up
the time of the Senate about. If he will hear
me for a few minutes on this subject, I think
if I do not satisfy him 1 will satisfy the Senate
as to what I understand to be the case. The
judgment of the former Governor and coun-
cil was that Abel C. Dinslow was elected.
The judges of whom this opinion was asked
by the succeeding Governor said that it was
not in the power of the succeeding Governor
to review that decision. That is true. Then
came the question there is no man to take the
commission, for there is no such man as Abel
C. Dinslow. That is a fact, but that is a fact
unknown to the Governor and council who
decided that Abel 0. Dinslow was elected.
They thought there was such a man,and they,
thinking there was such a man, certified that
he was elected and the Governor issued a
commission to him, but it is found that there
is no such man. Now he says to them, " Can
I correct that by issuing a commission to the
minority man? If I cannot do that, is the
office vacant?" They said to him, "You cannot
correct that error and issue a commission to
the minority man." Why, then, did they not
follow out their judgment and say the thing
must stand as it is on the judgment in favor
of Abel C. Dinslow, and you cannot take
notice that there is no such man V Did they
say that? No, sir; but they said, " You do take
aotiee that there is no such man, and the office
is vacant." The decision that the office was
vacant necessarily decided that the minority
man was not elected, because if there was no
such person as Abel C. Dinslow, and the votes
given for him were to be rejected, then the
minority man was elected.
Mr. CARPENTER. My friend will allow
me once more, and then 1 will promise not to
interrupt him again. Suppose that case put
to the judges had been this: that Abel C.
Dinslow had received five hundred votes, that
John Smith had received four thousand votes,
bat that by a mistake the Governor and coun-
cil bad decided in favor of Dinslow and issued
a certificate. It then turned out that he was
not in existence. The question then would
be submitted to the judges, " Can hec'ommis-
sion the man who had tour thousand voles?"
The judges say, "No; the Governor and
council have settled the question who was
elected at that election, and you cannot re-
view it; the office is vacant." That is the
logic of it.
Mr. THURMAN. The office was not va-
cant unless you take notice that there was no
such person in esse. But if you could take
notice that there was no such person in esse in
order to decide that the office was vacant, you
might take notice of it to seat the minority
man if there was any law for seating him. But
I am taking up too much time on this sub-
ject.
Here then, Mr. President, are the decisions.
But one American decision has been shown in
favor of the seating of a minority man by a
supreme court of a State, and that is the decision
in Indiana. I ought to have alluded to the
decision in the supreme court of Pennsylvania,
which the Senator said was a decision really
on his side. Nothing could be clearer than
that it is not so. Wtiat is it that the Senator
reads from Judge Strong's opiuion that he thinks
makes in his favor? It is this:
" Besides, a man who votes for a person with knowl-
edge that the person is incompetent to hold the office,
aBd that his vote cannot, therefore, be effective, that
it will be thrown away, may very properly be con-
sidered as intending to vote a blank,' or throw away
his vote."
That clause is relied on after the express
decision that the minority man, is not elected
because of the disqualification of the majority
man. What is it that the judge says? He is
speaking of a case in which an elector knows
that his vote cannot be counted—knows that
it will be thrown away. That is the language.
Now, did the members of the General Assem-
bly of North Carolina know that their votes
would not be counted? Did they know they
would be thrown away? Have I not shown
conclusively than they had every reason to
believe that their votes would be counted;
that they would not be thrown away? So that
this sentence, read from Judge* Strong's opin-
ion, gives no support whatever to the claim
of Mr. Abbott, but the opinion itself stands
unshaken and impregnable that the disquali-
fication of the majority man does not elect the
minority man. Here, then, you have upon
the judicial decisions Maine, New Jersey,
Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and California, all
on one side, and but one single decision, that in
Indiana, upon the other. How can there, then,
be any doubt about how the weight of judicial
authority is in the United States? But, as I
said before, really that has very little to do
with the case, because this is to be decided by
congressional law and congressional prece-
dents upon the interpretation to be given to
the fourteenth amendment and the construc-
tion that Congress has placed upon it.
Mr. President, a few remarks upon one
'other point and then I will have done. These
interruptions have taken up so much of my
time that I have spoken longer than I in-
tended.
My other point is that nothing is clearer
than that the act regulating the (-lection of
Senators is totally repugnant to the idea of
a minority man being elected. Nothiug is
clearer to my mind than that proposition, and
if this case stood upon this act alone it would
be quite sufficient to defeat the claim of Mr.
Abbott., Let us see if it is not a complete
answer to his claim. What, according to that
act, is the Legislature to do? The houses
are to meet on'a certain Tuesday separately.
Each house is to vote for a Senator. Then
what does the act provide? That the name
of the person receiving a majority of votes in
each house shall be entered upon the journal
of that house. That is what it requires.
There is no authority given to the house to
scrutinize the qualifications of any man who
is voted for. There is no time to do any such
thing as that. Suppose it had been questioned
there whether <3r not Vance was really disqual-
ified, or whether the members who voted for
him knew that he was disqualified, there was
no tribunal to try that question; there is
no time given to try it by this act, but the act
is imperative, the name of the person receiv-
ing a majority of the votes shall he entered
upon the journal of that house. Tiien what
follows? If no person has received a majority
of the votes, then an entry to that effect is to
be made on the journal of the house. There
is no requisition to record how many votes
were given for A B, how many for C D, how
many for E F.
There is no necessity to record even how
many votes were given for the man who re-
ceived the majority in case a majority were
cast for a single individual; simply the fact is
to be recorded that A B received a majority
of all the votes. No ballot is required to be
counted, no entry of the vote is required to be
made. Of course there is no time to scrutin-
ize, no opportunity to scrutinize whether the
person who is voted for is disqualified or not.
The statute is mandatory to enter his name
who has received the majority of the votes—
the name of the person, says the statute—to
enter his name on the journal as the man who
has received the majority of the votes. Then
what is to be done?
Then they are to meet in joint convention
the next day, for what purpose? First to ascer-
tain whether the same person has been named
by a majority of each house. For that pur-
pose the journals are to be inspected. The
journal of the senate is laid before the joint
convention, and it reads that on this day the
senate proceeded to elect viva voce a Sena-
tor of the United States, and A B received a
majority of all the votes cast. That is what
the seriate journal says. The house journal is
then produced and read, and it says that on
that Tuesday the house met, a quorum being
present, and proceeded to vote viva voce for
a Senator in Congress, and that A B had
received a majority of the votes cast.
What, then, are they to do? Simply to verify
that fact that the same man had received a
majority of each branch, and to declare him
elected, and then the Governor is to certify
the fact to the President of the Senate. That
is what the act requires. Now you see at once
that this act necessarily requires that the vote
for the person shall be counted, that there is
no power to throw away the vote given for
anybody on the ground that that person was a
disqualified person ; there is no provision for
doing any such thing as that; and thereto:e
it necessarily follows, if this claim of Mr.
Abbott is true, that in every such case the
Legislature can make no correctipu of the
error, but it is to come to the Senate upon a
contest, and has to be corrected here after
the commission has been issued to the person
apparently elected.
You thus see that it is impossible to execute
this statute at all upon the theory of Abbott.
