1192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
February 23,
Mr. HOAR. I wish to ask the gentleman
this question: suppose an institution of this
character in a territory which had been form-
ally declared by the Government, in all its
branches, not to be in. rebellion, but loyal,
had been taken possession of by the United
States troops for their own purposes, and the
Government failed to restore that building in
good order, has his committee ever refused,
or will it refuse, a claim for damages in such
a case? I ask the gentleman to be good
enough to answer that question.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I will say in
reply that the question is wide of the mark.
That is not the question here, and I will
answer it when it comes under discussion.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask whether the
committee 
Mr. BLAIB, of Michigan. I cannot allow
the gentleman to use up my time. I have the
report of the Committee on Education and
Labor before me, and it i3 stated broadly that
this college is in Virginia, "a seceding State."
I noticed what was said, not in the report, but
in the speech of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, which I think will not weigh very
heavily with the House, that Virginia was a
loyal, adhering State at that time, and I
believe it is true that there was some sort of
a government, either at Alexandria or some
other outlying town in Virginia, which claimed
to be the State government of the State of
Virginia.
Mr. McGREW. Was it not recognized as
such by all the departments of the Federa'l
Government?
Mr. FARNSWORTfl. Upon that point the
gentleman from Michigan will allow me to sug-
gest to him that there was a member from
Virginia here who could not get within a hun-
dred miles of his constituents for a year.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I was about to
say in that connection that this farce, for it
was nothing but a farce, and everybody knew
it, was finally ''played out" and abandoned
before the war closed. For a time I know
that a government was attempted to be main-
tained, and I know that 1 used to come into
Congress and hear talk about it, but seriously,
the American Congress to-day is not going to
do anything upon the supposition that Vir-
ginia never seceded from the Union. As a
matter of fact she did secede, and it was so
regarded by the committee of which I am
chairman, all the time, in the consideration of
claims.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question? Will he allow me
simply to correct an error of fact?
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I cannot yield
for that purpose.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Michigan will proceed uninterruptedly.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. My time is very
brief. Now, what occurred at this college in
Virginia? It is said that in 1862 some' sol-
diers having recaptured the town of Williams-
burg, after it had been captured by some rebel
cavalry, burned down these buildings. What
were the circumstances under which this was
done? Iam informed that they were these,
and I believe it to be true: we had a mall
force occupying Williamsburg, and a band of
rebel cavalry came in with a dash and drove
them out and occupied this very college build-
ing as a rebel fort for the time being. And it
cost life and blood to get them out. The
Union boys, after they had recaptured it,
thought they would level this rat-hole of
rebellion with the ground, and they put lire
into it, as they had been in the habit of doing
elsewhere, and burned it down. They had to
hold Williamsburg, and they found this huild-
ing very bad for them, furnishing cover for the
enemy and being used effectually against them,
and they therefore proceeded to clear it out,
as they did very irregularly, but very decidedly
to their interest,,as they did in many other
cases throughout the South. The gentleman
from Mississippi, [Mr. Perce,] chairman of
the Committee on Education and Labor, can
testify to us very well on that question. Under
thes.e circumstances some natural resentment
in these Union soldiers is not at all to be won-
dered at. Soldiers cannot be expected to con-
sider very deliberately what shall be done with
a building which they have just recaptured
with serious loss, and I presume there was not
a very orderly debate in th^ ranks of the
assaulting troops over the question of the dis-
position of an offensive building. Perhaps it did
not occur to them that it had some time been
a college.
Now, Mr. Chairman, whatldesire toenforce
particularly here is the importance of the rule
adopted in Congress and never, so far as I
know, up to this time departed from. In no
instance within my knowledge, not a single
one, has Congress allowed a claim for dam-
ages of this sort committed in war, but it has
stood firmly and steadily by the rule. I must
say to gentlemen here this is the only defense
of the Treasury. If they abandon this ground,
then they will not be able to stand against any
of the multitude of elaims of this class which
are steadily pressing upon us. We must hold
firmly to the well-settled rule in every caso, or
we shall not be able to resist in any case. Let
gentlemen consider this question carefully and
decide in view of all the consequences involved
in it.
Now, sir, the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hoar] begs us to pay this $65,000 be-
cause this is an old college. Well, sir, if you
grant it to an old college, will you not also
grant it to a young college? And if you grant
it to a college, will not you grant it to an aca-
demic school or a common school? And if you
grant it to a common school, will not you grant
it to a church which has been destroyed in the
same way? And if you grant it to colleges,
schools, and churches, will not you grant it to a
roof-tree over the head of the Union citizen
in the South wherever he might be? Let gen-
tlemen make the distinction if they can. When
they begin to consult their sympathies and pay
for something which has been the waste and
ravage of war, let them understand they have
no place to stop; and I can furnish them out
of my committee-room with stacks of claims
which in sympathy shall abundantly override
this one, which shall appeal to you with that
moving character which touches the heart of
every loyal man, coming from friends and not
from an enemy, not from a teacher of sedition,
not from a college which sent its president into
the rebel army, but of buildings burned and
destroyed which were erected and maintained
by Union men who are paupers and beggars
to-day all over the South, and yet you will not
pay them a dollar; you have decided it over
arid over again, that losses which have oc-
curred from the ravages of war you will not pay
them a cent for; and yet we are to pay to this
institution at Williamsburg, because it is an old
and respectable one, $65,000, and break down
andtrampleunderfoottherulewehaveadopted.
It would be very pleasant to grant the relief
asked by many loyal, Union-loving citizens,
whose sufferings have been very great, but it
is impossible to do it.
I did intend, Mr. Chairman, to have gone at
some length into a discussion of the rule itself,
but I find I shall not have the time for that.
My intention was to have looked into the dis-
cussion of this great question in the Seriate of
the United States, where it was examined' at
very great length during almost an entire ses-
sion of Congress. I have before me for that
purpose the speech of Mr. Sumner in the cele-
brated Sue Murphey case. He quotes freely
from public law, which establishes fully the
doctrine- for which I contend. I have not time
to go over this ground. I know some gentle-
men who design to speak on this subject here-
after are inclined to travel over that ground,
and I shall leave it for them. The doctrine is
sustained, and very fully, that those who were
domiciled in the enemy's country, though they
be friends and sympathizers with us in fact,
must take the condition of inhabitants of that
country, and are subject to the rules that apply
to enemies.
In all the legislation wo have adopted in
reference to the Court of Claims, we have
fixed the rule that- in the first place, before
they allow any claim, they must find ihat the
claimant waa loyal and an adherent of the
Government during the war ; and we have not
permitted the court to allow claims for waste
and destruction of property by armies. An
army of two or three hundred thousand men,
when marching through a country, spreads
out over a wide extent of field and forest,
tramples into the earth the herbage and grow-
ing crops, prostrates fences and orchards, and
destroys buildings, even, leaving a track of
desolation behind it, yet no man has ever
contended that the Government must pay for
this waste and destruction, which is but an
incident of war. The Government is no more
liable for this sort of damages than if they
were wrought by lightning or any other inev-
itable misfortune. It is true, it is a hard rule;
but it is war. War is, in its most humane
aspects, a great public calamity, and it has
no compensations whatever unless waged in
behalf of a righteous cause, while being vic-
torious is itself a compensation for all losses.
It will be wholly vain to attempt to make
good any class of people for the losses suf-
fered in our great war by paying claims.
And this is the rule which Congress has laid
down, upon which we have been acting, upon
which we are acting to-day, and I intend to
take the vote of the House as an indication of
its opinion upon this question. If they shall
overrule my committee, if they go back upon
all the laws they have passed, and tell us we
must allow claims of this sort, which result
from the ravages of the war, then we will bring
such claims here, and the members of the
House will have the opportunity of facing that
question undoubtedly to their hearts' content.
I am not inclined to occupy the time of tho
committe'e any longer, but will yield the bal-
ance of my time to gentlemen who wish to
speak upon this question. I yield now ten
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnswosth.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The committee, in
their report upon this case, do not say that the
authorities of the College of. William and Mary
can claim this as a right. They say, in their
report:
"They make no demandas of right, orasan appeal
to the justice of the United States in their behalf.
They admit there can be no lawful claim, but they
do apueal to the generosity of the Government
under the modern usages of war."
That disposes of the question of right and
of the question of law in this case. There is
no law for it. There is no rule of right for it.
There is no rule of justice which requires that
we should make this donation for the benefit
of the William and Mary college. That is
admitted by the committee. Nor, as I think,
is the case such a one as calls for the exercise
of the generosity of the Government in assist-
ing the memorialists in the rebuilding of their
college. The committee say that the claim
should be acceded to, because some disorderly
and irresponsible soldiers, not acting under
any officer's command, in a disorderly and
riotous manner destroyed the building.
Mr. COBURN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworkei] whether
there was one particle of «videri<5e before tho
committee that these soldiers were disorderly
or drunk?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not aware, not
being a member of the committee.
Mr. COBURN. I am informed that there
is not a particle of evidence which shows thst
to have been the fact. ' '
Mr. HOAR. We' have the evidence of an
officer who was on the court-martial testifying
to the fact.
