THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
two vessels for its use under that emergency ;
and that right it can exercise only by paying
for the vessels taken. Sir, when it is remem-
bered how inadequate merchant vessels must
be for the purposes of war, even though built
as far as possible to be convertible into vessels
of that character, the right to be secured to
the Government thus to take such two addi-
tional vessels can be regarded as of no great
moment toward compensating for a subsidy
which will amount for the ten years to
$4,000,000, a sum that would enable the Gov-
ernment to build and equip half a dozen or
more of-the best war vessels of modern times.
. [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PALM Eli. I move the previous ques-
tion on the pending moiion to recede.
< Ms. GOODRICH. I shall be greatly obliged
for the patience of the House in allowing me
to add a few words further.
Mr. PALMER. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. GOODRICH. Mr. Speaker, I am far
from wishing thus to press upon the patience
of the House otherwise than in the discharge
of duty. No, sir; by no means. In my judg-
ment, however, this measure, if it shall pass,
following the subsidy granted the other day to
the Pacific Steamship Company, will commit
the Government to a subsidizing policy after
the fashion of French and British examples,
which it will be difficult, hereafter to arrest,
and which, if it be not arrested, will find its
consummation in reducing the laboring classes
of this country to the same condition to which
they are subject in those countries. Against
such a result, and all tendencies here which
are to commit us in that direction, I desire to
raise my humble but earnest protest. ■
Mr. Speaker, what is the only other ground
upon which the attempt has been made dur-
ing this debate to justify the drawing from
the hard earnings of the people these $4,000,-
000 with which to subsidize the steamship
company for the proposed increased mail ser-
vice to Brazil for the next ten years ? '
Why, air, the claim is—and this is tlio main,
the great point insisted upon—that the line of
steam vessels thus passing twice a month be-
tween New York and Uio de Janeiro -and
other principal ports of Brazil, in furnishing
increased means of transportation, wilt serve
greatly to increase our exports to that coun-
try, which for the last year did not exceed,
and never have exceeded, about five million
dollars per annum; while, that being the
country whence we derive mainly coffee, the
great staple of American luxury, we have long
imported in that and in other of her pro-
ducts something like thirty million of dollars
annually.
The quantity we imported of coffee alone
during the past year was not less than two hun-
dred and fifty million pounds. At the same
time Brazil is largely an importing nation,
importing from England in manufactured
articles not less than six or seven times the
value of her imports from our country, and
scarcely less from France. What we import
from Brazil, her coffee, rubber, &e., we buy
because we must. : Aside from the line of
steamers referred to, now making its monthly
trips, there ar'e vessels ill abundance ready to
convey these products to our shores.
In fact, this line of transportation carries
but a small poition of our imports from that
country. And, let me siiy, it is entirely, abso-
lutely a mistake to suppose that the meager-
ness of our exports to Brazil is owing at all
to any of the facilities of carriage, either at
present or in the, past. On the contrary, the'
cause lies, and alwajs has, and while things
remain as they are it ever will, wholly in
our inability to manufacture and sell as cheaply
as England and France, with their depressed
laboring classes, can.
Sir, we feel this even at our own doors; for,
but for our protective tariff, the manufac-
turers of these countries would drive ours-f'rom
our own markets at home. How then' can
they fail to do so from a foreign market where
no shield of protection can he invoked?
Mr. Speaker, to show that this, and not the
want of any further facilities of transporta-
tion than are already possessed, is the cause
why, though we import from Brazil so largely,
we export thither so little, I send to the
Clerk's desk and ask to have read an extract
from the report made to our Government by
the secretary of our minister residing in Bra-
zil, on the very point I am seeking to impress
upon the House. It is under the date of
November 6, 1870.
The Clerk read as follows :
"Lard, kerosene, soda crackers, axes, and ma-
chetes, a few, pine boards, some chairs, Iflorida-
water, and patent medicines, close the short list of
American importations. The first four articles only
are important in value, and have heretofore with-
stood European competition. CJollins's axe?  ma-
chetes, and other steel manufactures still hold the
high place which their superiority over European
work of the same class long since gained for them,
but their sale is limited by cheap imitations, par-
ticularly of machetes imported from Germany, and
sometimes even bearing the America^ name and
trade-maik. Recently, however, an article of Ger-
man manufacture has been produced, which is said
to be fully equal to that made in America and of
somewhat less cost. American axes, machetes, and
other steel goods have so long maintained a superi-
ority over all others,-that we have regarded them
as a national specialty; but I fear we are about to
meet serious competition from continental manu-
facturers.
" In heavy cottons, our supply of which was, up to
1861, chicfly derived from the United States, we can
no longer compete with England. Unbleached
goods, (drills, ducks, plain cottons,) stripes and
blue goods, are no longer looked upon by American
importers as forming part of their cargoes. A few
bales only are received, for sale to tho.se who may
requirfc a superior article for some particular use,
but the amount is unimportant. Even previous to
oar war, flimsy imitations of American goods were
appearing in the market at low cost. Our internal
troubles enabled England to obtain possession of
the market, which she still holds, by cheapness of
production and cheapness of transports.
" As regards cheapness of production, it is unne-
cessary for me to make any suggestions. The sub-
ject has been fully discussed for y«ars; it opens
many collateral issues, and I could not hope to throw
any further light upon it. It is sufficient for me to
say that England does produce cheaper goods than
we produco, and thatsho has drivonus from this and
other foreign markets by doing so.
"Up to about one year ago the direct trade be-
tween England and this port was conducted through
sailing vessels. At that time two steam lines, un-
subsidi/.ed, and intended chiefly for freight, were
started from England, say Liverpool, to this port,
touching at Lisbon and at Maranhao and Ccar&,
ports on the Brazil coast. Tneir measurement is
about one thousand tons, capacity of freight four-
teen to sixteen hundred tons weight and measure-
ment ; cost, £30,000each ; and they make the voyage
from Liverpool to Para m about twenty-one days.
They placed their rate of outward freight at the
same price as th.it of sailing vessels, forty shillings
per ton, and though this rate has since been raised
to fifty, sailing vessels cannot compete with them,
and, in f*ct, so far as relates to general cargo, have
abandoned the trade.
" The great variety of cargo, coming not only from
England but f*om the continent, much of which is
of mall bulk compared with its value, furnishes
abundance of freight, and makes the percentage of
transport changes very small. Not only has the
original enterprise increased its tonnage, but a third
lino is ajready contemplated.
" Commercial relations do not depend upon, indeed
are scarcely influenced by political sympathies. It
is not to any sentiment of friendship,in this or other
countries that wo must look for the development of
commerce. Trade has but one law, which is inva-
riable, namely, to buy m the cheapestmarkef. We
shall not be able to meet the competition of rivals
until we can produce as cheaply as they can produce,
and carry as cheaply as they can carry. Whether
the advantages of cheap labor are profitably bought
by the aggregation of a large population in a lim-
ited area is another question, and one which it would
not become me to discuss.
" liut in answer to yuur permission 'to make such
suggestions as I may deem useful/ I will briefly add
tuat the commercial relations between the United
States and this country will be promoted, first, by
any means through which the cost of our home pro-
ductions may be lessened; next, by such efforts as
may reduce the duties of import and export in this
country; andfinalty, by inducing the Government
of this country to abandon the idea of protective
tariff, m order to devote its whole strength to agri-
cultural development, in which its true interest lies.
Whatever may be the benefit of a protective system
elsewhere, it is certainly an error here. Nor, in-
deed, is it within the range of human intelligence
to administer such a system in a country of vast
extent and varied production without injuring one
portion for the benefit of another."
Mr. GOODRICH. Thus, Mr. Speaker, it will
be seen that the real cause why we export so little
to Brazil is not for the want of more ample means
for transporting our exports thither, hut simply
and solely because European countries can
furnish the people there with what they want
cheaper than we can, and because the Brazil-
ians, like all others, will buy of whom they
can purchase the cheapest. And this is an ad-
vantage on the part of other countries which
we need not deplore; for its price to them, as
it must be to evkry nation, is the depression,
and subjugation of their laboring classes, a
prices which we can never afford, and never
will be able, I trust, to pay.
While, therefore, it is the cheapness of Euro-
pean riianufactures that prevents our being
able to -supply Brazil with more of what we
export than we do, it follows that while this
cause remains, no increase of the facilities of
transportation can serve to increase our ex-
ports thither, atid consequently that no benefit
of that kind can be expected to be realized,
to compensate at all for the subsidy proposed.
Indeed,'s'iTj it is nothing more nor less than a
stupendous offering from the earnings of the
industrious many to enrich a gigantic corpo-
ration, and as such I trust it is to meet with
no favor from this House.
Mr. PALMER. Before calling the previous
question, I yield to the chairman of the Com-
mittee- on Commerce, the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mi. Shellabarger.]
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
have desired to say something in reference to
the views entertained by the Committee on
Commerce on this subject. I have been able
to occupy but ten minutes of the time of the
House on this subject, and my solicitude was
such during those ten minutes to state the
views which the committee entertain so far
as I know, .and which I myself entertain in
regard to this matter "of subsidies, in favor of
a judicious system of subsidies in aid of
American commerce, that 1 did not retain
for myself any time to represent the antag-
onistic views "which I entertain in regard to
increasing the subsidies to the two lines which
have been permitted to bring forward their
claims here. It is to that question that I want
to devote the five minutes which ar'e allotted
to ine. And in order to do it sensibly I shall
be compelled to state facts which seem to me
to control the question.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we cannot get at the
real substantial basis upon which this claim
must rest for the subsidy except by some just
contrast between the amount of that com-
merce which we have between Brazil and our
own country'and the aggregate commerce of
the United States, which has an equal claim
upon the care and nurture of the Govern-
ment. That proposition is so "elementary, so
self-evident, that it is irresistible, and that
statement must carry conviction, it seems to
me, to everymind. Now,-then, no gentleman,
and I have watched the debate with care, has
undertaken to say that there is any great and
controliingreason why we should pay the Bra-
zilian line that is not substantially of equal
application to all the other great lines of com-
merce of the United States. We shall all
agree upon that. Now, then, being thus agreed,
let me call attention to the fact to which I was
about to allude. The commerce of the United
States with Brazil, as indicated by the domestic
exports which we carry from our country to
if, is in exact 'numbers $5,777,361. The aggre-
gate exports of domestic products—and I con-
fine my statement now to that class of exports
which we are especiallysolicitous'to promote—
the exports of the United States to all countries
in 1870, amounted to $499,092,142. It so hap-
pens, therefore, that about one per cent, of
the exports of the United States go to Brazil.
Applying the same ratio to the residue of
your commerce, atsd you'have already between
fifteen and sixteen million dollars of subsidy
to make it no larger than what this line to
Brazil now is.
