1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1193
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I cannot yield for
interruptions. 1 do not care, for the purpose
of my argument, whether the soldiers were
disorderly and drunken or not. Does the fact
that they were soldiers, and wore the uniform
of the United States Army, make the case
any stronger than if any other body of dis-
orderly and drunken men had destroyed these
buildings ? Suppose a lot of men in Virginia,
in the night time, in a disorderly, riotous man-
ner, had applied a torch to this college, or any
other college, would the case be any less strong
than the present case? It seems to me that
the fact that some men who were not acting
under orders were soldiers of the United
States, and destroyed this college, does not
give the claimants any rights. Why, sir, how
many bills havo been reported against in this
House by committees, bills in iavor of men
all over the country who had property de-
stroyed by soldiers or recruits when in camp
in a disorderly, riotous manner! The claim-
ants have been told to go back and sue for
trespass the men who destroyed their property,
as every man is obliged to sue to recover dam-
ages for the destruction of property where
there is no official responsibility.
When this question was last under discus-
sion I remember asking the gentleman who
reported the bill from the Committee on Edu-
cation a question, which brought out the re-
sponse that if the soldiers had been acting
under orders in destroying the building; if,
for instance, it had been necessary to take the
college for purposes of war, to get a range for
guns, in such a case they- could not have come
here with this demand ; but they say that be-
cause the Army did not of necessity destroy
the building, because the Government of the
United States had nothing to do with its de-
struction, therefore there is a good claim.
That, I think, is a very singular argument.
Why, sir, I remember that a session or two
ago a man came here to this House with a
bill for damages for the destruction of his
house, I thiuk at Paducah, Kentucky. He
was a loyal man, and had a Cue house, on the
cupola of which he stood and signaled with
the stais and stripes 4o our officers where to
direct our guns, at a time when rebel bullets
were flying about his head. So loyal and true
v.-as that man that, after Paducah had been
taken possession of by our troops, and when
it became necessary, in extending the fortifi-
cations of .that town, to demolish this man's
house, he said to the officer, "Tear it down,
sir; if it is necessary to preserve the integrity
of the Government take my property and tear
down my house." It was demolished. He
came here and asked us to pass a bill for his
relief, and he was refused. And yet we have
the most astonishing fact presented here of a
committee of this House coming in with a bill
to reimburse a corporation in Virginia for the
destruction of property which they say them-
selves was destroyed by disorderly and irre-
sponsible persons. Why, sir, if ive are to pay
for this college, you open a door which will
deplete your Treasury of millions. If you pay
for a college you must pay for all the churches
destroyed; they stand on as high ground of
equity as the college, and if you pay for the
churches you ought certainly to pay i'or the
school-houses where little children went to
school, and if you pay fgfc them, you should
pay the citizens of Columbia, South Carolina,
for the destruction of their eity by a disorderly
mob in the night-time; and then we should
reimburse citizens of Richmond, Virginia, for
the destruction of a portion of that city, which
was fired by incendiaries; and so of all other
places where property has been destroyed by
our Army. 1 know not where you are to stop,
if you pass this bill, in the work of reimbursing.
It is claimed that this thiug ought to be
done because this is a very ancient, honorable
institution. It is a hoary institution, and there-
fore the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] advocates it. [Laughter,] Well, I
have great veneration for antiquity, for any-
thing th#t is old, having lived almost all my
life where there is nothing that runs behind
the memory of the present generation. I
have a reverence for anything that is old, but
not to the extent that the gentleman from
Massachusetts goes, not to the extent that I
will put my hand into the Treasury to pay a
claim because it is a claim made in behalf of
an old institution. I do not wish to be under-
stood, however, as placing my opposition- to
this bill upon any ground so narrow as that is,
so exceptional as that is, as that it is William
and Mary college, or a college at all. I base
my opposition to it on the ground that if you
pass this bill there will be no stopping-place
until you have reimbursed everybody who has
lost property by this war.
Sir, I will not occupy more time. I yield
the floor.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I now yield ten
minutes to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
there is a sentiment in the minds of gentlemen
who advocate this bill that meets my most
hearty approbation. Sir, I recollect an in-
stance recorded in the histoty of the battle of
Waterloo of a French dragoon dashing through
the rye that thickly covered the field of battle,
and with uplifted saber was about to out down
a British officer, when, perceiving that his
enemy had but one arm, he at once brought
his saber to a salute and galloped on. There
is something touching in all acts of chivalry.
A proposition to pay $(55,000 to William and
Mary college, an ancient, venerable, and hon-
orable institution, late our enemy, and perhaps
still not our friend, awakens some such sen-
timent of chivalry in the minds of men here,
and that sentiment is entitled to my recogni-
tion and respect. But how far have I a right
to regard it, as a legislator? I fear that gen-
tlemen forget what they are doing when they
set this precedent. I wish to call their atten-
tion to one point in this case. It is proposed
to pay this sum to the College of William and
Mary because some of its buildings were de-
stroyed without the authority of our command-
ers. What will they say of those buildings
destroyed by our authority? Are we not still
more bound to pay for such damage than for
damage done by accident, or done, at least,
without our authority? I beg the House to
remember that every place of public worship,
every public school-house, every public asylum,
every building erected by State, county, or
municipal authority, will come within the prin-
ciple asserted in this measure.
I want to call the attention of gentlemen
who think of voting for this bill to a case that
now comes freshly to my-mind, in contrast
with the case involved in this bill. In the
suburbs of the city of Nashville, Tennessee,
lived a man in 1863 who was once a near
neighbor of my colleague from the Lorain
district, [Mr. Monkoe.] He was an earnest
and fearless Union man, but bedridden and
helpless invalid. He was true in every pulsa-
tion of his heart to the cause of the Union.
And yet the proper defense of that great city
made it the painful duty of our commander to
order his house to be torn d-own. AH the
property this invalid had on earth was con-
centrated in that house and the beautiful
grounds that surrounded it. Before we built
the fortifications which ultimately aided to
save the army of General Thomas from defeat,
and gave that noble officer the victory in the
battle of Nashville, a board of survey was
ordered to make a thorough examination of
the premises and bring in a detailed statement
of iis full value. That statement was made,
signed, and approved by the department com-
mander and forwarded to the War Depart-
ment, to be kept in memory when the time
might come that this despoiled citizen should
have his own again. His house was torn
down, and afterward the great guns of the
Union Army thundered forth their defiance
to rebelliou from the spot where the shadow
of his roof-tree once fell.
Six years ago I tried with whatever ability
I possessed to impress the House with the im-
portance, with the sacred duty, of paying that
man the low price that had been set upon his
house and grounds by the appraisers. But
this Congress has said thus far that it was too
dangerous a precedent to be set for them to
pass such a law in a case so clear as that. And
to this day, if that man be alive, ho is drag-
ging out his existence in the extremest des-
titution and poverty. The Congress of the
United States, for the sake of the general
good, has deemed it unsafe to allow his claims
Now, in contrast with that we are asked tot
give three times the sum that was proposed
to be given to that citizen to pay William and
Mary's college for what we never ordered done
in the way of destruction of its property.
If gentlemen can put these two facts together
and pass this bill, and then go to the country
on their responsibility, I cannot doubt what
the country will say. I do not say that the
popular verdict is always right, but I wish to
call public attention to the two cases I have
named.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] tells us thatthe old king of France, out
of respect to education, once made restitution
to this very institution. lie also tells us what
was done with regard to Harvard College, a
venerable institution in the State of Massachu-
setts, which was taken possession of and held
by our troops'.
Mr. HOAR. No, sir; I said nothingabout
Harvard college.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am quite cer-
tain that the gentleman said that Washington
insisted upon paying something to Harvard
College for an injury that it had suffered at the
hands of our troops under his command.
Mr. HOAR. Not Harvard college, but
Princeton.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. _ Well, let it be
Princeton College. But speaking of Harvard
College, I remember that it was occupied by
our troops during a part of the revolutionary
war. I remember, furthermore, that when
the army of Burgoyne surrendered the British
prisoners were kept in the out-buildings of
Harvard College, or at least there was an order
to that effect; and I remember that when
Harvard College asked the general court of
Massachusetts to pay for the losses and dam-
ages they had sustained, the response came
back from the general court recommending
that the overseers of Harvard College exam-
ine their professors and instructors, and see
whether they had been and still were loyal to
the cause of the Republic. That examination
was made. Professors were examined in re-
gard to their political principles and their con-
duct during the war. Students were thus ex-
amined, and one was expelled from the college
for having spoken disrespectfully of the Con-
tinental Congress while the struggle was going
on for our national independence.
Now, will the gentleman please contrast the
conduct of our fathers in regard to matters of
this sort with the spirt of the policy recom-
mended here to-day? No man would more
rejoice than I to do a graceful and a gracious
act in regard to any institution of learning
North or South, But when I see the vast, lim-
itless body of claims of all sorts that will come
pouring in here for adjudication if this exam-
ple is set, I am compelled t,o ask the House to
pause and reflect before this fatal precedent
be established.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I yield the res
idne of my time to my colleague, [Mr. Stocgu-
ton.]
Mr. STOUGHTON. Mr. Chairman, I have
but a single moment in which to express the
views I entertain on this subject. The report
before us bases this claim not upon any ground
