1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3881
Mr. HALE, Annually?
Mr. SHELLABARGBR. Annually; nearly
three times what England allows, uuder her lib-
eral system of subsidies, to her commerce, the
exact amount of which I am enabled to give
from a statement made by the chancellor
of the exchequer, only a few days ago, to
the House of Commons. He stated (hat he
estimated the budget for the m xt year at
£1.135,000, or 6qual to $5,493,000 in'gold,
and at ten per cent, premium equivalent to
$6,042,000 in currency. '
Now, Mr. Spteaker and gentlemen of the
House of Representatives, this line already has
a subsidy of twenty-five dollars perton. That
is nearly three times the subsidy recommended
by the Secretary of the Treasury (Mr. Bout-
well) to this Congress. It is nearly three times
the subsidy recommended by the Committee
on Commerce. If it extended to our entire
commerce it is three times what England gives
in aid of her commerce.
I am not in favor of adding to the subsidies
which we now give to these lines six times as
much as any gentleman on this floor will pre-
tend that, we are able to give to the entire
commerce of the United States.
Let us, then, be equitable; let ua be judi-
cious; let us, if we are wise, as we ever must
be in the matters of finance, deal with this
subject as one requiring a scrutiny of details
of the relative claims of our entire commerce.
We should at this late hour of the session
postpone this till some time when we may
mature a bill and Set to work agencies that
will watch our commerce, that will see what
lines have commerce and trade, what ones
need our help, and will, in the prosperity of our
entire country, return recompense. This may
be done, this ought to be done; n'ay, I predict
this will speedily be done by the' patriotism,
the courage, and the wisdom of a great peo-
ple which will not permit its great interests
on the seas to either perish or languish. Let
us give our aid to all the lines that we can
afford to keep alive, to the lines that there-
fore ought to be kept alive. Whenever the
commerce ought to be fostered I tell you our
people will protect it, and we will not blindly
and indiscriminately bestow our assistance
upon a few favored lines in excess of what
we can mete out to our vast and equally
deserving interests in other and far more im-
portant seas.
We have not a single American steamer going
to England; we have not a single American
steamer going to Europe, except it be in the last
few weeks in a single line ; yet to England we
send annually of our exports $267,000,000, and
we do not give a dollar to any line ofsteamships
going to that country. Now, I have stated—
and 1 thank the House for the patience with
which I have been listened to—1 have stated
veiy imperfectly in a very general outline the
reasons why we ought not to vote this subsidy,
but ought to do that other and wiser thing, in
doing which we would imitate that mistress of
the ocean and our one great rival; select the
lines, discriminate, watch and aid the best we
can do according to the magnitude and wants
of our vaiious great lines of trade and the
equitable claims of all the interests of the com-
meice of this country.
Mr. PALMER. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. WOOD. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me before be does that.
Mr. PALMER. For how long?
Mr. WOOD. For five minutes.
Mr. PALMER. I will yield to the gentle-
man for five minutes with the understanding
that at the close of his remarks the previous
question shall be ordered.
The SPEAKER. The previous question can
be now seconded and the main question or-
dered with the understanding, it there be no
objection, that the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood,] who submitted the motion that
the House recede from its disagreement to the
Senate amendment shall have the floor for
five ininutfes to close the debate.
No objection was made; and accordingly
the previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. -WOOD. After some years' experience
in this House, I can say what very few m-etn-
bers can say, that I never have voted for the
donation of a single acre of land to a railroad
company, nor for taking one dollar from the
Treasury of the United States as a subsidy fof
anything whatever. And if this proposition
before the House was amenable to all the ob-
jections which have been reiterated against, it
on both sides of the House, I should be the
last man here to cast ipy yote iti favor of it.
I do not know how much respect my col-
leagues and associates on my own side of the
House have either for my sentiments or for
my sincerity. But I have my own record upon
all these schemes, and whether it be good or
bad it will stand a close examination and com-
parison with that of any gentleman who has
spoken either for Or against this proposition.
Now, sir, I declare again that this is in no
sense a subsidy. Although every man who
has spoken against it has repealed from once
to ten titaesthe word " subsidy," yet, whether'
because I am dull in comprehension or defi-
cient in intelligence to see the full bearing of
the proposition, I take exception to the term,
and repeat that there is no subsidy whatever in
the measure before the House.
1 desire the Clerk to read the amendment
of the Senate from which I have moved that
the House recede.
The Clerk read as follows :
Por steamship service between the United States
and Brazil, S 100,000. And tho "Postmaster General is
hereby direotcd to increase tho mail service with
Brazil now in operation under the act approved May
28,1804, so ns to provide for deliveries of the mails
at New York and Riode Janeiro twice each month ;
and he shall require said senn-monthlyservice'to be
performed by steamships wholly constructed m the
United States (two of which shall be of not less than
twenty-five hundred tons burden and tho others of
not less than two thousand tons burden) tor the term
of years provided by tho former contract; and the
Government of the United States shall have tho
right, in case of war, to tako any of said vessels for
itsown use upon payment of a reasonable eorop&n-
sation therefor: Provided, That, the expense of tho
service shall be divided between the Governments
of Brazil and of the United States, and that the Uni-
ted States' portion thereof shall not. exceed $100,t)00
for service twice performed per month.
Mr. WOOD. It will be observed, sir, that
by the provision just read the Postmaster Gen-
eral is authorized to advertise for proposals to
carry these ocean mails. It is an application
to our oeean mail carriage of tlio rule already
adopted with reference to land mail carriage.
The contract is to be awarded to the lowest
bidder. If the service can be performed for
forty or fifty thousand dollars yearly, very
well; but it is provided that the amount shall
in no event exceed a specific sum,
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. Debate on this question
is now closed by order of the House. The
question is upon the motion of the gentleman
lrom New York, [Mr. Wood,] that the House
recede from its disagreement and agree to the
amendment of the Senate respecting the sub-
sidy to the Brazilian line of steamers.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered. ,
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 79, nays 113, not voting
48 ; as follows :
YEAi3—Messrs. Ames. Averill, Banks, Barnum,
Bigby, Bingbam, Brooks, Burdett, Benjamin I1.
Butler, Koderick R. Butler, Coghlan, Conger, Crock-
er, Darrall, Dawes, Dickey, Duell, Bunnell, illliotc,
Henry 1). Foster, Frye, Garfield, lialscy, Harmer,
Harper, Hays. John W. llazclton, Hoar, Hooper,
Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham, Lansing,
Muynard, MeJimkin, McKee, Morphis. Leonard
Myers, Negley, Packard, Perce, Peters. Piatt, Po-
land, Ramey, John Rogers, Sion II. Rogers, Roose-
velt, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyei, Scetey, Sessions. Shel-
don, Sloes, It. jBoardmja SrniLh. John A. Smith,
Wortlni'gton C. Smith. Suapp, !Sn>der, Thomas J.
ij Sneer, Stonghiyn, Stowell, it. John, Swann, Taffe,
il Thomas, Wa^ningtou Town^end, Turner, Twichcll,
Upson, "Waddell, "Wallace, "Walls, Warren, "Williams
of Indiana, Williams of Now York, nod Wood—70.
N A i S~Ittessrs. Acker. Adorns, Alabler,, Aiclter,
Arthur. Barber, Beatty, liefck, Bell,' Biggs, Bird,
Austin Blair, James G. Blair, bright, Buckley, Baf-
fintoii. Burchard, Caldwell, Grtwpbell, Clarke. Co-
burn. Comingo, Cotton, Crebs, Critishe'r, Davis, Don-
nan, Dox, I>u Bose, Bulte, J3ames, Eldredge, Fn'rna-
worth, Finkelnborg, l?«rker, Cb'arleslOaSteJ-,.Wilder
D. Foster, Getz, G Hidings, Goodrich, Griffith; Haldo-
iiian, Hale. H^mbleton. Hancock, jlaadley. Hsy>ks,
George 15. Harris. John T. Harris, Havens, -Hawley,
it ay. Gerry W.Hasolton, Hereford, Berndon, Hot-
map., Kendall, King. Lamison, Lewis, Lowe, JVIan-
sou, Maishall. McClelland, iMfCormick. McCrary,
MeGrew, McIMnry, Melrttyre. McNeely, Merctrr,
Merriam, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell,
Monroe. Morgan, Niblack, Orr, Packer, Palmer,
Hosea W, Parker, Peek, Pendleton, Prindle, Ran -
dali, Bead, Edward1 Y. Rice, Ritchie, Bills II.
Roberts, William R. Roberts, Robinson, Seotield,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Shoemaker, Slater, II, Milton
Speer, Sprague, Steven's. Stevehson( Strong. Suther-
land, Terry, Tyner, Wakeinan. Wnlden, Wnldron,
W'ells, "WitJard, Jeremiah At. Wilson, Winchester,
and Young—118.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barry, Iievoridge, Boles,
Braxton, Carroll, CAbb,'Conner, Cox, Creely, Cross-
land, Be Lai go. Bly, Parwell, Garrett, Gollad&y,
llibbard, Hill, If orr, Ivillinger, Kinsella, Lamport,,
Leach, Lynch, M''Kinney, Moore, Morcy, Isaac C.
Parker, Aaron If. Porry, Ell Pofry, Porter,'Pdtter,.
Price, John M. ltice, Sherwood. Sbober, Sioeom,
Starkweathers Storm, Sypher, Dwight Townsond,
Tuthill, Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, "Wheeler,
Whiteley, Whittborne, and John T. Wilson—48.
So the motion'of Mr.' Wood, that the House
recede from its disagreement, was not agreed
to.
During the rolbcall tlie following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. ROGERS, of North Carolina. I de-
sire to announce that the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, Mr. Gauuett, is detained from the
House by sickness.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I am, pijin-d pn this
question with the gentleman from'-New York,
Mr. Wheeler, who if here would vote "ay,"
while 1 should vote "no."
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. My colleagtip,
Mr. Braxton, is detained at home to-day "by
illness in his family.
Mr. MANSON. I wish to say that my col-
league, Mr. Vooiuiees, who is absent, sup-
posed that a pair had been arranged for him.
If he were here he would vote " no."
Mr. WHITTI-IORNE. The gentleman from
New York, Mr. Cox, with whom I am paired
on this question, would if present vote "ay,"
while I should vote "no." I beg leave further
to say that my colleague, Mr. ,VAuaHAN, has
been compelled by sickness to leave the House
to-day.
Mr. H1BBARD. On this vote I am paired
with the gentleman from New York, Mr. ^
Kinsei.la. If present he would vote "ay," *
while I should vote "no."
Mr. KERR. The gentleman from New
York, Mr. Potter, is paired on this vote with
his colleague, Mr. Perry, who, if present
would vole "ay," while Mr. Potter would-
vote "no." I wish to say further that by an
understanding between the gentleman, from
New York, Mr. T'owksend, and myself, I was
paired for last week. Lest he may have put
a different construction upon our understand-
ing, 1 decline to vote on this question. The
gentlemau from New York if present would
vote "ay," while I should vote "no."
Mr. ARTHUR. .My colleague, Mr. Cross-
land, is detained from the House by sickuess.
If present he would vote "no."
Mr. McKEB. I move that the reading of
the names be dispensed with.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. PALMER. I now move that the bill
be recommitted to another committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes between the two
Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PALMER moved to reconsider the vote
last taken: and also moved that the Motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
