2-46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 12,
Senate,
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr, Carpenter.
42d Cong.... 2d Sess.
for that reason than we could to satisfy the
will and pleasure of the people of Illinois or
Wisconsin, or any other part of the country.
Now, to repeat, we are not here to day to
serve anything but law and our consciences.
If the law entitles this man to his seat, we are
degraded, dishonored men if we do not give it
to hitn, even though it were certain that a
storm of popular indignation would drive us
from these seats forever.
Now, Mr. President, I come to examine
exactly what this case is The difficulty in
arguing such a question in such a place is to
eliminate its immaterial circumstances, and
hold up to the mind only those essential ele-
ments upon which it must be decided. There
are many collateral propositions ) there are
many interesting considerations that taken
into account would only tend to confuse the
mind and to turn the attention away from the
points upon which the judgment must rest.
The case is this:
"That, on the sccond Tuesday of November, 1870,
the chiy prescribed by law. the two houses of the
Legislature of North Carolina proceeded to the
election of a Senator from that State for the term
of six years, commencing on the 4th day of March,
1871, with the following results:
In the house of representatives: Votes
Zebulon B. Vance received.   63
Joseph 0. Abbott received-    $2
Scattering     10
Members present-   105
In the senate:
Zebulon B. Vance received  32
Joseph C. Abbott received- ......    11
Scattering      5
Members present-  48
"That the number of members present at the
time and so voting constituted a quorum of each
house of the Legislature."
1 am reading from the report of the major-
ity ot the committee :
14 The constitution of North Carolina providing
that ' neiiber bouse shall proceed upon public bus-
iness unless a majority of all the members are actu-
ally present/ the numbers so present amounting to
a majority of all the members.
"On the followingdny the twohouses, in theusual
form, declared that Vance had received a majority
of the votes cast in both houses, and that he was duly
elected as?uch Senator for said term ot six years,
commencing on the 4th day of March, 1871.
" It is also further in evidence that said Vance was
not on said second Tuesday of November, 1870, and
at no time since has been. Qualified to serve as such
Senator, owing to disability imposed by the four-
teenth article of amendment of the Constitution.
I continue readingfrora the majority report:
"Itis averred that the members of the Legisla-
ture of North Carolina so voting for Vance, at the
time their votes were cast, had notice of the ineligi-
bility of Vance, but no evtdence on this point has been
prenented to the committee, the memorialist relying-
upon the assumption that this wait a matter of public
notoriety."
That is a misapprehension of the facts which
it is my duty to correct. Of course the Sen-
ator who drew that report was utterly inca-
pable of intentionally misstating any fact,
and I suppose that statement was made through
mere inadvertence.' I send to tbe Clerk to be
read the affidavits which were before that
committee upon that particular point.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Apeil 5,1871.
This is to certify that I was duly elected as a
member of the senatorial branch of the General
Assembly of North Carolina on the first Thursday
ot August, 187U, lor tbe twenty-first senatorial dis-
trict, composed of the countiee of Granville and
Pearson, was duly qualified and took my seat on the
third Monday of November of the same year, and
continued 10 hold tne same until the latter part of
January, 1870, when my seat was vacated by a vote
01* the Democrats in the senate, and a Democrat
sen ted in my place.
Di.iing the time when I held my seat as afore-
rniii, tsie election ot United States Senator was
iH'id ami lion. Z. B. Vance was declared elected,
hdViiiz received a majority of all the votes cast
bv Mid Unnerul Assembly, and Hon. Joseph C.
Abbott rooi'ived the next highest vote cast for Sen-
ator us aiore^.iid. Beioresaid election lor Senator
was held, it was knorn that Hon. Z. B. Vance was
under political disabilities Irom the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United States
And I heard one Democrat, a member of the house
of representatives of said General Assembly,
namely, Jordan, of Pearson oounty, say that he
voted for said Vance as Senator aforesaid, because
he, tbe said Vance, was barred by the Howard
amendment.
ROBERT W. LASSIFER,
Of Oxford, Granville county, North Carolina.
I, Pinkney Rollins, of Asheville, Buncombe
county, North Carolina, depose and say. that I was,
at the regular election held in North Carolina on
the 4th day of August. 1870, elected a member of the
Legislature from the county of Madison ; that I took
my seat as such member November 21,1870. and held
it until the 29th of November, following, wben I
was unseated for alleged frauds in the election;
that I was at Raleigh while the election for "United
States Senator was pending and mingled freely with
the members of both houses; that I know from my
own personal knowledge that it was perfectly well
known to all the members that Zebulon B. Vance
was under disabilities from tbe fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States; that
it was a general sentiment among the Democratic
or Conservative members of said body that they
would elect Vance Senator notwithstanding his dis-
abilities ; and I further declare that on one occasion
I was present with several of the members of the
Legislature, and that they said " "We vote for Vance
because his disabilities have not been removed ; we
have eaten dirt long enough;" and I farther say
that the question of electing a man whose disabil-
ities had not been removed was discussed in the
Democratic or Conservative papers for about two
months prior to the election for United States Sen-
ator, and that it was a matter of common notori-
ety that Governor Vance's disabilities were not
removed.
W. P. Welch, Democratic member of the Legisla-
ture from the county of Haywood, on the floor of
the house of representatives, previous to the vote
for Senator, did publicly declare that said Vance
was under disabilities from the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States, and
that he voted for him because he was the nomina-
tion of the caucus, and under protest.
PINKNEY ROLLINS.
Sworn to before me, this4thday ofMarcb, A.D.1871.
[L. s.] JOSEPH T. K. PLANT, J. P.
To whom it may concern :
We the undersigned, members of the General
Assembly ot North Carolina, duly elected on the
first Thursday in August, in the year 1870, do hereby
certily that the ineligibility of Zebulon B. Vanee to
hold the office of United States Senator by reason
of the restrictions of the fourteenth article of
the United State-* Constitution, was a fact of gen-
eral publicity and notoriety at tbe time of the sen-
atorial election, and was urged by many members
of his own political party, publicly and privately,
as a reason why he should not receive their nomin-
ation and support.
ABIALW. FISHER.
SAMUEL C. BARl\ETT,
GEORGE Z. FRENCH,
[L.S.J R. F. LE11MAN,
JAMES M. JUSTICE,
GEORGE W. PRICE, Sr.,
J.T.HARRIS.
Sworn to and subscribed before me, the 23d day of
March, 1871.
W. G. BAGLEY, Clerk.
By L. G. BAGLEY, Deputy.
In addition to the foregoing affidavit, we further
state that Mr. Welch, member of house of represent-
atives from Haywood county, in voting for Mr,
Vance for United States Senator, desired his protest
entered on tbe journal against the action of those
who nominated and supported a man who was ineli-
gible to take his seat, as was the case with Mr.
Vance, as every one knew.
ABIAL W. FISHER,
rT o 1 Member of House Representatives.
L J GEORGE Z. FRENCH,
Member of House Representatives.
Sworn to and subscribed before me, this 23d day
of March, 1871. WILLIAM II. BAGLEY,
Clerk 8upi erne Court.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. Ransom, who has
since been elected by the Legislature of North
Carolina, and i suppose is entitled to this seat
if Mr. Abbott is not, was also examined at
considerable length before the com'mittee, and
his examination was reduced to writing by the
clerk of that committee, a short-liand writer.
Upon my request the clerk has furnished me
from his minutes the question which I put to
Mr. Ransom upon that subject and his answer
to it. He was speaking of the Legislature that
elected Mr. Vance, and I put this question:
"Is there any doubt that Vanoe's disqualification
was known to all of them?"
He answered:
"No question at all; it was well known. There is
no question that Governor Vance's disqualification
was well known to all."
Mr. THURMAN. I submit to the Senator
that if he reads that, which is undoubtedly
true, he ought to read the whole statement.
Mr. CARPENTER. That is the whole state-
ment on that point. Mr. Ransom, who cer-
tainly exhibits the manners and sentiments
of a gentleman, frankly admitted that there
was no doubt that the disqualification of Vance
was well known to every member of the Legis-
lature who voted for him.
Mr. THURMAN. But he ought to read
what was said farther. General Ransom stated
that it was the universal opinion expressed,
that there couid be no doubt in the world
about it, that his disabilities would be re-
moved.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand that
there is no question of fact that his disability
was then known?
Mr. t'hoR.MAN. Certainly not; but they
thought his disabilities would be removed.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am now simply show-
ing that those who voted for Vance knew ha
was disqualified, and I have read the evidence
which proves it.
Mr. THURMAN. Whether these affidavits
are entitled to be called evidence, I do not
know ; I place no reliance on them; but from
the first in the committee the fact was known,
and nobody ever made a question about it.
Mr. CARPENTER. I was not willing to
let this matter rest on the allegation of public
notoriety, for I think there is an important
point depending on that very question. In
this case knowledge of disqualification did
not rest on public notoriety. It was brought
home to  he actual knowledge of every mem-
ber of that Legislature, and I think that an
important fact in this case; and although the
examination of Mr. Ransom was very pro-
tracted, this is all he said as to the precise
question to which I am now directing the
attention of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I beg the Senator's par-
don. Mr. Ransom made a long statement, and
Mr. Abbott agreed that it might go iato the
record.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let me interrupt my
friend. What I say is this: that upon the pre-
cise question, whether they knew he was dis-
qualified, be says nothing that contradicts what
1 have read. He says they did know of that
disqualification; that all of them knew of it.
Mr. THURMAN. I have not controverted
that at all; but what I say is that yon ought
not to take a part of his statement without the
whole; and the whole of his statement shows
conclusively that so far from intending to
throw away their votes by voting for Vance,
so far from voting in a contumacious spirit,
they voted with the firmest assurance that his
disabilities would be removed, and every man
of them expected that he would be allowed to
take his seat.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am rather gratified
to see the anxiety of my friend from Ohio not
to permit me to dwell for a single moment
upon this fatal fact, without suggesting some
reply. There are a great many other facts in
this case which I shall come to speak of, among
them that to which the Senator has now al-
luded. He was not willing to let the mind of
the Senate rest for a moment upon that one
fact in this case without suggesting what he
intended to suggest somewhere else in the case
as a sufficient reply to it. I am not saying
that the members of that Legislature did not
know other things, or hope other things, but I
am now merely calling the attention of the
Senate to what my honorable friend from Ohio
admits, that whatever else they did know or
did not know, they did know this, that Vance
