2090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April
o
i
Congress agreed to make, was six hundred and
£fty miles in length ; extended to the capital
of Missouri, the distance was increased to
seven hundred and seventy-five miles. Near
three million dollars were spent in building it
to the Ohio river before it ever entered the
State of Ohio.
To complete it to the Mississippi river, Col-
onel Totten estimated it would cost $6,231,254,
distributed in the States as follows:
In Ohio  $638,166
In Indiana  3,144,250
In Illinois  2,448,838
The road was abandoned in its unfinished
condition. What was spent in Indiana and
Illinois has been measurably thrown away.
The road was a bog in rainy weather, the worst
or next to the worst in the State. It was like
tbe cabin the Arkansas traveler entered while
the proprietor was fiddling. Who can forget
his happy philosophy when his attention was
called to his leaky roof? " Stranger, when it
rains I can't fix it, and when it is dry there is
no need of it." And it was so of this road.
Mr. President, it only remains for me to add
that the Commissioner of the General Land
Office has obeyed the law of 1857 in making
settlements with Mississippi and Alabama.
Settlement has also been made with the State
of Missouri utid-er a special act of Congress,
passed in 1659, so that she has realized her
entire two per cent. fund. I have before me
the letter of one of her Senators who was here
in 1859. He says :
" When in the United States Senate, I, with mv col-
loagues, in both Houses of Congress, procured the
passage of a special law for a similar payment of
two per cent. to Missouri; but if we had noticed the
general provision of the second section of the act of
March 3, 1857, wo would have relied alono upon it
without waiting the tardy and uncertain action of
Congress, and I should have felt confident in obtain-
ing the two per cent, to which the State was justly
entitled without any further legislation."
These, sir, are the facts. I have now put
the Senate in possession of the means of form-
ing a conclusion. I have shown the compacts
made with the States ; I have shown that they
have never been executed ; more, I have shown
that in the law of 1857 Congress laid no stress
upon what had been done in building the road.
That law compels a settlement without any
reference to any set-off of the kind. Such
setllement has been made with Alabama, Mis-
sissippi, and Missouri, and those States have
got the benefit of their five per cent, funds
without any deduction for work done in build-
ing roads to them. Imperative ay is the law,
the settlement with Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois
has been postponed by the Commissioner for
fifteen years. It is the object of this bill to
compel him to do this neglected duty.
I said that in the settlement made with Mis-
souri no account was taken of the money
spent by the Government in building the Cum-
berland road. Yet she shared its benefits in
common with the States through which it
passed. Indeed, sir, all the western and north-
western States, Kentucky, Tennessee, and the
whole southwest, shared iu the benefits of
this road until railways came to supersede its
use. It should have been built from the com-
mon fund, for it was what it was popularly
called " the national road." It was ungenerous
in the beginning to tax the new States with near
three million dollars for building a road through
the populous and wealthy States of Maryland,
Virginia, and Pennsylvania. Being built, it
was the height of injustice to surrender i't to
those States to be used by them as a source of
profit, in taxing the travel and commerce of
the West.
Look at the question a single moment. It
is all in a nutshell. Congress requires these
new States to surrender the right of taxation
for five years, estimated as worth $5,000,000,
and in return for this agrees to build, 1 will not
say as the law does, three or two roads, but a
single one. The road is built, or partially
built, and then, instead of remaining a free
Highway, as free as the -untaxed navigable
waters it was to touch, it is surrendered to the
States whore the money has been principally
spent, to be a taxed road, and kept up ot not,
as they shall see fit. Was this executing the
compact in good faith? Has the road been
made through Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois? Let
the estimates of Colonel Totten answer the
question. No, sir. Over six million dollars are
required to complete it. And for a quarter
of a century not a dollar has been appropriated
to that purpose.
Now, sir, I conclude with a summary of the
reasons I have adduced why this bill should
become a law. It should pass, because it
revives and explains what is already on the
statute-book; because the law of 1857, fairly
interpreted, is clear that Congress waived,
and never intended that in the settlement
directed any account should be taken of the
expenditures on this road ; because the work
was a national one, and should have been a
common charge on tbe Treasury ; because it
has never been completed; because it has
been surrendered to the States and passed
beyond the authority of Congress, and is no
longer what it was intended to be, a free
highway for the nation : because, broken up
into sections, controlled by State laws, none
may pass over it without paying tribute;
because an odious discrimination has been
made—the law having been executed as to
Alabama, Mississippi, and Missouri, while its
execution has beeu denied to Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois ill a spirit of sheer injustice; be-
cause, so far as Indiana is concerned, Con-
gress agreed to do for her nothing more than
it had already covenanted with Ohio to do—that
is, to make the road to the east line of the State.
I cannot too often impress it upon the Senate
that ten years after the last dollar had been spen
on the Cumberland road this act of 1857 was
deliberately passed which required the settle-
ment to be made. What settlement? Was the
Comtnissionerto inquire how much these States
should be charged tor expenditures upon this
road? No, sir: the road was not mentioned.
Not a word was said about the expenditures
being taken into the account. They should
not be. The road is a failure—a mere neigh-
borhood affair. The hurrying multitudes who
travel between the Atlantic and the Missis-
sippi never see it. With them it is a tale of the
past—a tradition. In its day it was the high-
way of the nation, and should have been paid
for as such.
Indiana claims that §400,000 of the two per
cent, fund is unjustly withheld from her. Until
this measure of justice I urge to-day is passed
she will never cease to press this claim.
1 cannot close more fittingly than to bring
to the notice of the Senate the report of Mr.
Tappan in the House in 1858, when the State
of Missouri was demanding the same measure
of justice which I am urging to-day.
After setting forth the enabling act of that
State, which, as I have said, is almost identical
in this respect with that of Indiana, the report
says:
" That part of the fund which it is contemplated
by this article shall be a.pplied by the State to im-
proving its internal communications has been duly
paid over by the Government of the United States.
But the two per cent, received by the United States
in trust, to be applied to communications leading
to the State, have not been so applied. The trust
has not, therefore, been duly discharged, and the
money which the article recognizes as the piop-
erty of the State, and to be applied for its benefit,
should be accounted for to the State by the Gov-
ernment of the United States. The two percent,
fund in question belonged to the State, and the in-
terest of the Federal Government was but that of
a trustee, and the sole reason for the arrangement
was, that as i.he Government of the United States
had authority outside of the limits of the State,
which the State did not possess, it could apply that
portion of the fund intended to facilitate communi-
cation to and from the State, and promote its exter-
nal commerce better than the State itself could do.
If the terms of the article itself admitted of any
question that this was the nature of the interest of
tbe State in this fund, theoriginal of this provision,
which is found in the corresponding article of the
seventh section of the act ot 3Uth ot April, 1802, (2
Statutes, page 175,) entitled 'An act to enable the
people of the eastern division of the territory
northwest of the river Ohio to form a constitution
and State government,' &c., iu which it is expressly
admitted that the five per cent, was given to the
State as the consideration for the exemption ol the
lands of the United States within its limits trom
taxation, would be conclusive on the point. This
was certainly a small consideration for the release
by the State of a right to tax forty million acres of
Government lands within its limits, and thero is,
therefore, the more reason why it should be
certainly and fully paid according to the agree-
ment between the parties, or accounted for to the
State, if the purpose to which it was devoted under
the agreement botween the parties has been aban-
doned. That purpose was the construction of a road
(the Cumberland road was intended) to the bound-
ary of Missouri, a purpose which ha  long since been
abandoned, and the Government should therefore
deal with Missouri as it has dealt with Mississippi
and Alabama under similar circumstances—direct
the two per cent, fund, which was reserved for the
purpose thus abandoned, to be paid to the State."
Mr. President, I will not detain the Senate
longer by adducing further reasons for the
passage of this bill. I have already occupied
its attention longer than I had expected. I
thank Senators sincerely for their indulgence.
I now move that the bill be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator desire to ask for its passage, if there be
no objection, at this time?
Mr. PRATT. Not at this time. I do not
suppose the Senate would be willing to act
upon it-now.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had concurred in
the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.
E. No. 48) to settle and quiet the titles to
lands along the boundary liue between the
States of Georgia and Florida.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 357) for the relief of
lioracc B. Shepard, of Indiana;
A bill (H. R. No. 578) to extend the time
for the completion of the military road from
Port Wilkins, at Copper Harbor, in the State
of Michigan, to Fort Howard, at Green Bay,
in the State of Wisconsin ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2186) to amend an act
entitled "An act to regulate the carriage of
passengers in steamships and other vessels,"
approved March 3, 1855 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2187) to confirm the ac-
tion of the board of aldermen and common
council of the city of Washington, designating
a depot site for the Baltimore and Potomac
railroad company, and for other purposes ;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 2192) to establish a west-
ern judicial district of North Carolina.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills ; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President:
A bill (H. R. No. 497) granting a pension
to Frederick A. Garlick, of Cortland county,
New York ;
A bill (H. R. No. 555) for the relief of suf-
ferers by fire at Chicago ;
A bill (H. R. No. 712) granting a pension
to William IT. Bridges ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1024) for the relief of
Thomas B. Valentine;
A bill (H. R. No. 1073) granting a pensioni
to Sarah Whiting;
A bill (H. R. No. 1197) granting a pension
to Captain Henry M. Scott;
A bill (H. R. No. 1330) to amend the thirty-
second section of an act entitled "An act to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,"
approved July 14, 1870 ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2041) for the relief of the
children of John M. Baker.
