2986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
Mr. SHERMAN. Since I have been taken
off the floor when 1 think 1 had a clear right
to it, i insist on going on with the regular order
now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio insists on the regular order, and
the motion is to proceed to the consideiation
of the resolution fixing the hour of meeting.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 must answer the appeal ol
the Senator frora Massachusetts. His man-
ner is so youthful this morning ihat I shall
hardly be deemed discourteous if I say his
appeal to take up the school bill is perhaps
''precocious" at this time; and as it is evi-
dently the desire of the Senate to settle this
question of the time of meeting, if it be not
the pleasure of the Senate to put it into im-
mediate operation we can fix the day upon
which it shall go into operation. I hope it
will be taken up and disposed of now.
Mr. SUMMER. I think we had better not
take it up to-day. We can take it up some
other time when it is desirable to act upon it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust the
Senator frotp Pennsylvania will fix the first
of next week ; say Monday next.
Mr. SCOTL\ We must get the resolution
up before we can amend u.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is not. yet taken up. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following
resolution :
Resolved, That until otherwise ordered the hour
of the daily meeting of the Scnato shall be eleven
o'clock a. m.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
insert "on and air.er Monday next."
Mr. CAMERON. 1 rose for the purpose
of making the same motion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
JUDICIAL DISTitiOT IN NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. POOL, Mr. SUMNER, and others ad-
dressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair rec-
ognizes the Senator from Norih Carolina,
[Mr. Pool. J lie made a report this morning
on a matter local to his State, which he gave
notice lie would ask the Senate to consider at
the close of the morning business.
Mr. CAMERON. A few moments ago I
reported a bill from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, and I gave notice that before the
close of the morning hour 1 .should call it up.
I now make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That bill has
gone on the Calendar. The Chair would like
to recognize several Senators at once, but he
can U'cognize only one at a lime. He lias
recognized the Senator from North Carolina
first, who asks for the consideration of a bill
in which his constituents are interested.
Mr. CAMERON. I thought mine came
first, and 1 gnve notice that I would make the
motion immediately after the close of the
morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota, [Mr. Ramsey,] the Senator
frora Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,J and ihe
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Pool.]
gave similar notices, but the Chair has now
recognized the Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to say that for
three or four consecutive mornings I have
endeavored to get up a bill. Of course 1 give
way to my honorable friend from North Caro-
lina; but I understand the Chair to say re-
peatedly, '• Such a gentleman has risen to his
feet at such a time and has desired to get the
attention of the Chair." Now I file a caveat
in advance. I should like to have the Chair
take notice of the fact that I desire to get uu
a bill and attempted to do so before any of
these gentlemen who have been on the floor
for the last five minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair wdl
take notice of the suggestion of the Senator
from Louisiana; but by parliamentary law he
can recognize only one Senator at a time, and
he endeavors to recognize the first who rises.
When any Senator gives a notice of a desiie
to call up a bill the Chair endeavors to remem-
ber that notice. The Senator from North
Carolina did give such a notice in regard to
the bill which he now desires to call up. The
Chair must state, however, that the bill was
reported to day, and therefore it requires
unanimous consent for its consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a bill creating
a new judicial district in North Carolina. I
am opposed to the bill, and therefore I do not
think it ought to be passed in the morning
hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois objects, and the bill cannot be
considered.
JOHN SEYS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to take up
House bill No. 1194, reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. It will take but
a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When was that bill re-
ported V
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the 2d day
of April.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. lliM) directing
the proper officers in the Treasury Depart-
ment to credit John Seys, of Ohio, with the
sum therein mentioned, ft directs the proper
accounting officers in the Treasury Depart-
ment to audit and allow to John Seys. of
Ohio, formerly minister resident and consul
general ot the United States at Liberia, in the
final adjustment and settlement of his accounls
as such minister, the sum of £1,101 (3-1, it
being the amount of his salary as minister for
the period of one hundred and six days occu-
pied by him in coming to the United States
and returning to Liberia, m 1868.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is just about double
the amount the law allows lor a man to come
home. How is that ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The report accompany-
ing the bill will probably explain it in the
shortest time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
the report read. It may be perfectly right,
but, it is beyond what the law has provided.
Mr. PATTERSON. Here is the report
made by a Representative from Vermont, Mr.
Wii,laud, in the House of Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the Mouse report.
1 he Chief Clerk read the following report
made in the House of Representatives by Mr.
Wlllard, of Vermont:
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to which was
referred the petition of John Seys. of Ohio, formerly
minister resident and consul general atLibena, sub-
mits the following report:
On the 15th of November. 1807, Mr. Seys was
granted leave of absence from his post as minister at
Libeua lor six months. At that time there was no
provision of law toi bidding payment of salaries dur-
ing absences on leave. On the 15th of January, 1808.
Mr. Seys, in acknowledging the receipt of the letter
of Secretary oi Bute, granting him his leave of ab-
sence. stated tli.it lie should not probably avail him-
self ot it until June. Thccorrcapondence shows that
Mr. Seys left Liberia about the middle of May, and
was absent until the 15th of the following December.
On his arrival in the United States in Julv, he was
informed ot the provision in the consular and diplo-
matic appropriation bill, approved March 30. 1808,
prohibiting the payment of salaries to ministers or
consuls during absences from their posts lor more
than sixty days in any one year. In the partial ad-
justment of his accounts, Mr. Seys has been allowed
salary for only sixty days, between the date of his
leaving Liberia and his return to his post. The sal-
ary ot the minister at Liberia is $1,000 annually. In
the consular and diplomatic Appropriation bill, ap-
proved M.irch 3, 1809, the section in the law above
reterred to, respecting payments of salaries during
absences from posts of duty, was repealed, and it was
enacted—
" That no diplomatic or consular officer shall re-
ceive salary for the time during which he may be
absent from his post (by leave or otherwise) beyond
the term of sixty days in any one year; Provided,
That the time equal to that usually occupied in going
to and from the United States, in case of return, on
leave, of such diplomatic or consular officer, to the
United States, maybe allowed in addition to said
sixty dajTs."
Inasmuch as Mr. Seys was not aware of the law
passed m March, 1808, until his arrival in this coun-
try, in July subsequently, and his leave ot absence
was granted to him prior to the passage of that law,
it is unjust to apply to his case the piovisions of that
law; and it seems not only equitable but just to deal
with him as liberally as is provided by the law of
March 3. 1869, and allow him his salary for the
time occupied by him in coming to the United States
and returning to his post, a period of one hundred
and six days, amounting to $1,101 01.
It appearing by a letter from the Fifth Auditor of
the Treasury that the accounts of Mr. Seys, so far
as adjusted, show a balance due trom him to the
United States, the committee report the accompa-
nying bill, and recommend its passage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senate will now
allow me to dispose of the post route bill. It
will not occupy five minutes unless gentlemen
insist on'having it read, which is unusual.
Mr. SUMNER. How long is the bill?
Mr. RAMSEY. It is a long bill, but it is
not usually read.
Mr. SUMNER. How many pages?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It must be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The Senator
from Minnesota moves that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the annual post route
bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1000) to establish
certain post roads.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If any Senator
desires it, the bill will be reported in full.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask that the bill be read
in full.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read.
Mr. RAMSEY. Let the amendments of the
committee be rpad also as they occur.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, as they are reached
in the text of the bill, will be read and acted
on.
Mr. CAMERON. If this big bill is to be
read, it is contrary to the understanding, and
I object.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is too late to object.
The Senate have agreed to enter on the con-
sideration of the bill. It has been taken up
by a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has
been taken up by a vote. R is not, therefore,
subject to objection.
Air. CAMERON. Then I move that it lie
over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
iu order. Pending the reading of this bill, the
Senator from Pennsylvania moves that it be
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. KELLOGG. I withdraw the call for
the reading of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The reading cannot be
dispensed with.
Mr. SPENCER. I hope the bill will be
passed without reading. It is merely naming
new post routes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on postponing the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator from
Vermont, if I may, whether, if the Committee
011 Post Offices and Post Roads assure us that
this bill contains nothing except the post
routes, the Senator then wants it read at large.
^ Mr. EDMUNDS. I do most decidedly, not
that I would doubt in the slightest degree the
word of the committee, but 1 believe it would
be a fatal practice in this body to adopt the
plan ot passing a bill without 1 eadmg it. I do
not care U it is a bill quoted out ot the Scrip-
tures. In tact, in that case it had better be read.
Mr. CONKLING. II quoted out of the
Scriptures, I think it ought to be read on
account of several members. [Laughter.]
