1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3883
the bill I hope the gentleman from Massachu-
setts will explain the leading changes made
by this bill in the existing law, especially in
reference to the coinage. It would seem lhat
all the small coinage of the country is intended
to be recoined.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. This bill
makes no changes in the existing law in that
regard. It does not require the recoinage of
the small coins. On the contrary, I under-
stand that the Secretary of the Treasury pro-
poses to issue an order to stop the coinage of
all the minor coins, as there is now a great
abundance of them in the country. The sal-
aries are not increased. They remain as they
were.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not the salary of the
sub-Treasurer at New York increased?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
it is not increased.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does the gen-
tleman say that no salary is increased by this
bill?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. No sal-
ary is increased by this bill.
Mr. FAUNS W0 RTH. Are there any addi-
tional offices created ?
Mr. SARGENT. The bill dispenses with
some existing offices.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It dis-
penses with certain officers now in the mints,
and the saving on their salaries will more than
pay for the expenses of the new bureau of the
Treasury Department.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the new bureau
called?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The new
bureau is to be called the bureau of mines and
coinage. There is now no general superin-
tendence ; each mint runs on its own hook.
There is really now uolaw regulating the mints,
and no responsibility.
Mr. HOLMAN. How many mints are pro-
vided for by the bill?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. No new
mints.
Mr. HOLMAN. Did the Committee on
Banking and Currency consider the subject
ot discontinuing any of the niiuts?
Mr HOOPER, of Massachusetts. They did
consider it, and did not deem it expedient.
The Secretary of the Treasury has authority
now, independent of this bill, to discontinue
certain mints if he deems it expedient; one at
Charlotte, for instance. This bill does not
change his power at all in that respect.
Mr. MERR1AM. Has this bill been sub-
mitted to the Secietary of the Treasury; and
if so, does it meet his approval?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It has
been submitted to him, and he not only ap-
proves it but strongly urges its passage. He
deems it excedingiy important, as there are
irregularities in the Mint now, which cannot
be controlled by any existing law.
Mr. KERR. Does the nickel clause, so
called, and which led tosome controversy a
month or so ago, remain in the bill as it was
at that time?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It has
been changed. Any nickel to be purchased is
to be subject to bids after advertisement.
Mr. BROOKS. My colleague from the
Westchester district [Mr. Potter] stated the
other day that this bill provided for the recoin-
age of more or less of the small currency of
the country and the creation of a new cur-
rency.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. That is
not, the case with the bill as it now stands.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Iask that
the nineteenth section be again read.
The section was read as follows :
Shu. 19. That upon the coins of the United States
there shall be the following devices and legends:
npon one side there shall bo an impression emblem-
atic ot liberty, with an inscription ot tho word
"liberty," and tho year of the coinage; anil upon
the reverse shall be the figure or representation of
an eagle, with the inscriptions united states ot
America " and " E Pluribus Unuro," and a designa-
tion of the value of the coin ; but on the gold dollar
and three-dollar piece, the dime, five, three, and one
cent piece, the figure of the eagle shall bo omitted ;
and the Director of tho Mint, with the approval of
the Secretary of the Treasury, may cause the motto
" In God we trust" to be inscribed upon such coins
as shall admit of such motto; and any one of the
foregoing inscriptions may be on the rim of the gold
and silver coins.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. What I
wish to inquire of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hooper] is whether, under
the provisions of the nineteenth section the
Director of the Mint is not authorized to re-
coin all the nickel coin of the United States
in order to make it conform to this section ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. He is not.
On the contrary, under the existing laws, as I
stated before, the amount of minor coinage is
so large that the Secretary of the Treasury haa
prepared an order prohibiting any further
coinage until further notice.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I under-
stand that the Director of the Mint says that
it costs the Government almost as much to
coin a five cent nickel piece as it does to coin
a ten-dollar gold piece.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. There
is nothing in this bill to compel a recoin-
age.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Would
the gentleman have any objection to strike out
that section?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Cer-
tainly I would.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does this bill
provide what shall be done with those officers
of the Treasury that are now called Assietant
Treasurers, and who are ex officio officers of the
Mint? By this bill they are evidently sepa-
rated from the Treasury, and belong wholly to
this new bureau which is to be established.
Now, will it not be necessary for us to estab-
lish new offices in their cases, and to give them
a salary appropriate to the duties they will have
to perform in the Treasury?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The Su-
perintendent of the Mint (and that, officer now
exists) takes the place of the sub-Treasurer,
who acted ex officio as an officer of the Mint,
and provision is made in this bill that the sub-
Treasurer, who acted ex officio, shall go back
and confine himself to his duties as Assistant
Treasurer, and disconnect himself from the
Hint.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Go back to the
Treasury ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Yes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will then see that that entails npon us the
necessity of providing a sufficient salary for
those going back to the Treasury.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I beg the
gentleman's pardon; it leaves the Superin-
tendent of the Mint with the same salary as
before.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I mean that the
officers who go back into the Treasury must
have salaries provided for them.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. They
were cx officio officers of the Mint; their sal-
aries were not increased.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I beg the gentle-
man's pardon; theyhadone salary as cx officio
officers of the Mint and another as officers of
the Treasury.
Mr. SARGENT. That was not so except in
one instance.
Mr. McNEELY. As a member of the
Committee on Coinage, Weights, and Meas-
ures, having carefully examined every section
and line of this bill, and generally well under-
standing the subject before us, 1 am satisfied
the bill ought to pass.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope we will now have
a vote.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts, to suspend the
rules and pass the h'll, it, was agreed to; there
being—ayes 110, noes Hi.
MBSSAOM 1'ROM TUB SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. SympSok,
one of its clerks, announced thitt the Seriate
had agreed to the resolution of the House to
provide for printing additional copied of the
report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office for 1871.
The message also announced tbat theScti-
ate had passed a billof the following title J in
which the concurrence of the House'was
requested: ....
An act (S. No. 1054) to reimburse the1 State
of Kentucky for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, subsisting, cloth-
ing, supplying, arming, equipping, paying,
and transporting militia forces to aid in sup
pressing the rebellion.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment House
bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 2866) further regulating
the construction of bridges across the Missis-
sippi river; and
A bill (II. E. No. 1492) to take away the
circuit court jutisdietion of the district court
of the United States for the northern district
of Georgia, to create a circuit court in said
district,, and for other purposes.
The message also annonnced that the Sen-
ate had passed House bills of the .following
titles with amendments; in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested :
An act (II. It. No. 255) confirming to the
Port, Huron and Lake Michigan Railroad
Company the lands heretofore granted to the
State of Michigan to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Grand Haven to Flint and
thence to Port Huron, and providing for the
manner of issuing patents therefor, and for
other purposes; and
An act (H. R. No. 2411) granting a pension
to A, Schuyler Sutton.
st AT 15 WAIi, claims of 1812.
Mr. TERRY. I move to suspend the rules,
that the bill (H. It. No. 2354) to provide for
the recomputation of the accounts between
the United States and the several States grow-
ing out of moneys expended by said States in
the war of 1812 may be reported by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and passed.
The bill was read. It authorizes and in-
structs the proper accounting officers to Exam-
ine the accounts between the United States
and the several States growing out of moneys
expended by such States for military purposes
in the war of 1812 with Great Britain, and
apply in each examination the provisions and
principles of the twelfth section of the act of
March 3, 1857, entitled "An act making ap-
propriations for certain civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1858," and that there be paid to sueh States
any sum that shall be found to be due them
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that a measure of
this kind, involving an expenditure of millions
of dollars, will not be taken up out of its order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Terry] move a
suspension of the rules?
The SPEAKER. That is the only way the
bill can come in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will consent to a postponement ol the
bill until next December.
Mr. PETERS. I know enough of this bill
to know that it could never pass upon proper
discussion. It contemplates an expenditure
of millions of dollars.
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly it does.
Mr. PLATT. What is the difference in
principle between this bill and the one which
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Peters] advo-
cated and voted for, which gave Massachusetts
a recomputation of a claim which the State ot
Maine assigned to assist in building a rail-
road ?
