1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2091
POTOMAC RAILROAD DEPOT.
Mr. CAMERON. I did not hear the title
read from the desk of tlie bill which I believe
the Clerk of the House of Representatives
brought in soma time ago fixing a depot site
in the city of Washington. Has that bill been
read ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in ihe chair.) It is on the table,
and has not been read.
Air. CAMlfiRON. I rise to say that I wish
that bill to lie on the table until to-morrow
without action.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reserved until the Senate meets to-morrow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations
desires. I believe, to degrade the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds by referring
a bill which properly belongs to them to another
committee. I have no objection to waiting
until to-morrow morning until he can muster
his forces.
Mr. PATTERSON. I think the gentleman
is mistaken. lie wishes to degrade another
committee by referring the bill, to which allu-
sion is made, to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me tp say, in reply
to the Senator from Vermont, that I have no
desire to degrade anybody, especially him, but
that was an unfortunate speech for him be-
cause he has been trying to degrade the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, which is
entitled to the charge of this and which is
properly the guardian of everything belonging
to the city. I am very sorry he made that
remark, and I trust the Senator will remember
it when that question comes up to-morrow.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
wish to go into a discussion now as to which
is the proper committee; but I have no objec-
tion to accede to the request of the Senator
from Pennsylvania on the subject of allowing
the bill to remain until to morrow morning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state that the Vice President will present
the bill at the opening of the session to-mor-
row, and at that time the question of reference
will bo properly before the Senate and will be
disposed of.
INDIAN Al'PKOI'RIATlON BILL.
On motion of Mr. COLE, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. li. No. 1192) mak-
ing appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and
ior fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes for the year ending June 30,
lSYo, and for other purposes, the pending
question being on the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, to add as an addi-
tional section the following:
Sec. —. That the President of the United States
and the Secretary ot' the Interior :ire hereby author-
ized to make ail appraisement of the Cherokee lands
lying west of the ninety-sixth meridian of west
longitude, and west of the lands of the Osage In-
dians, in the Indian territory, and south of the
southern line of the State of Kansas, ceded to the
United States by the Cherokee ludians under their
trcuty of July 19,1866, ior the settlement of friendly
Indians, and report the same to Congress.
Mr. POMEROY. When we adjourned last
night an inquiry was made for the law that
authorized this appraisement, and I then bad
the honor of handing the statute-book which
contained the law to the Senator from Nevada,
[Mr. Stjswaut.] He is not now in his seat;
but the Senator from Iowa, the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, has the
statute, and if it is desired it can be read. It
simply authorizes the President, in case the
parties cannot agree upon the price of these
lands, to fix the price. This appropriation is
to enable the President to have it fairly ap-
praised. I handed the statute to the Senator
from Iowa, and if it is desired by the Senate
he can read the law.
Mr. COLE. I will state that there is no
appropriation in this section; and the point
I made against it yesterday was that it was
not properly a portion of an appropriation
bill. It is simply a matter of legislation, and
it had better be considered by itself or in con-
nection with some other than an appropriation
bill.
Mr. HARLAN. The sixteenth section of
the treaty between the United States and the
Cherokee Indians reads as follows:
"The United States may settle friendly Indiansin
any part of the Cherokee country west of 9i>°, to be
taken in a compact form, in quantity not escc-ediner
one hundred and sixty acres for each member of
each of said tribes thus to be settled ; the boundaries
of each of said districts to be distinctly marked, and
the land conveyed in fee-simple to each of said tribes
to be held in common or by their members m sever-
alty as the United States may decide.
" Said lands thus disposed of to be pnid for to the
Cherokee nation at such price as may be agreed oil
between the said parties m interest, subject to the
approval of the President; and if they should not
agree, then the price to be fixed by the President."
It will be perceived from this provision that
the parties both contemplated that the Indians
to be settled on these lauds would be able to
pay lor them at a fair price, and that they and
the Cherokee Indians would settle that matter
themselves whenever they were able to agree ;
if not, that the President of the United States
should act as umpire between them. But
in making a treaty with the Cheyennes and
Arapalioes, the United States ceded to them
a large proportion of this district of country.
The Cheyennes and Arapalioes have no vested
fund, are unable to pay for the lauds. This
treaty with the Cheyennes and Arapalioes was
approved and went into force, I think, in 18(37
or 18GB. The Cherokee Indians, therefore,
have parted with the possession of tho land,
have received no compensation for it, and have
been lying out of tho use of the mousy or the
interest on the money from that date down to
the present time, and have been continuously
urging payment by the United States. As the
United States parted with the land without
consultation with tliem to Indians who are
unable to pay for it, the committee contem-
plated at first a provision making an appropri-
ation to pay for these lands. No one, I think,
who will consider these facts can doubt for one
moment that the United States is in duty bound
to pay them a fair price for the lands that it
has taken without consultation with the Chero-
kees, and given to parties who arc unable to
pay for them. But on reflection the commit-
tee thought it not wise to propose an appro-
priation until an appraisement, of tlie land
should be made, and they therefore report this
amendment providing that the land should be
appraised by the Secretary of the Interior and
the President, and a report made to Congress,
when the whole subject will eome up for con-
sideration.
I hope the honorable Senator, the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations, will not
object to it. It is certainly a great wrong to
these Indians to deprive them of their lands
and refuse to take the first step toward ascer-
taining their value with a view to return pay-
ment.
Mr. COLE. The fact that this amendment
asks for no appropriation is to my mind a
sufficient reason, as I have said before, why it
should not be considered on this bill.
A remark made by the Senator from Iowa,
who has just taken his seat, leads me to be-
lieve that there is another strong reason why
it should not go on this bill. It is a proposi-
tion for an appraisement of these large tracts
of land, the appraisement to be reported to
Congress. Now, sir, we know what that
means. We know that that proceeding will
be claimed, at all events, to be a recognition
of the rights of some tribes, some Indians, to
all these lands, and for which Congress will
be called upon to make some large appropria-
tion. That will be the next step, and I do not
think a matter of that magnitude should be
disposed of in this manner.
1 am of the opinion that the Committee on |
Indian Affairs had better bring in a bill on
this subject, when all the facts may be pre-
sented to the Senate, and in order that we"
may act advisedly regarding it. That, it seems
to me, is the better course; and it would be,
in my judgment, ill-advised for the Senate to
pass this proposition 1o appraise these lands
and have a report made to Congress, which
will be claimed after that as a recognition of
the rights of these Indians to the lands.
I may add here that I have grave doubts
about any tribe of Indians having any exclu-
sive right to any large tract of land on this
continent. That they are entitled to their
farms or their possessions I can readily con-
cede ; but that they are entitled to vast tracts
of land that should be devoted to the settle-
ment of white people, or those who will exer-
cise the ordinary industries upon them, is not
iny opinion. I do not believe in conceding
that any tribe of savages or half-civilized peo-
ple are entitled to these large tracts of land,
nor do I believe in the policy of paying them
large sums for these pretended claims. I hope
this amendment will be rejected.
The PRESIDING OimCER. Thequestion
is on the amendment proposed by the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs. A
division is called for.
Mr. HARLAN. I think perhaps we had
better have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I hardly think
the Senate would be suspected of taking a
very lively interest in this question, because
it relates to the rights of Indians. Neverthe-
less, I have never yet- seen the Senate, when
its attention was called to the subject, refusa
to recognize the importance of doing some-
thing like justice to tho Indians. This is a
very simple proposition as I understand it.
In 18GG we did make a treaty with the In-
dians owning these lands. It became import-
ant afterward to settle the plains Indians, the
wild Indians, with whom we had no treaty rela-
tions, upon these lands, and we availed our
selves of the stipulations of those treaties,
winch were in effect that we should have a right
to settle other tribes of Indians tipon these
lands. Now, those who have been in the Sen-
ate since 18G7, since what is termed the new
Indian policy originated, will remember that
since that time we have been endeavoring to
gather certain of the Indian tribes, many of
those on this side of the Rocky mountains,
and I hope in the end all of them, upon this
Indian country, and to take them out of the
States. So the Indian tiibes in Kansas have
been from time to time removed from Ilansas
into the Indian territory. The Cheyennes and
Arapalioes, and some others that were called
plains ludians, have also been removed under
this new policy into this country under these
treaties.
The treaty stipulations provided that when
Indians were moved upon these lands the
Indians owning them would ta.ke such price
for the lands as they could agree on with the
Indians removing. That is to say, the Indian
tribes with whom we had treaty stipulations
having reservations and annuities coming to
them were able, it was presumed, to make pay-
ments for lands thus stipulated for in the trea-
ties. But it turned out in the progress of our
policy that we wanted to put on these lands
Indians who had no lands, and who had no
money and no treaty stipulations with us for
motley. They were vagrants. We found them
upon tlie plains. We made arrangements with
them that they should go upon this Indian coun-
try. They are there. We forced them to go
there. We had the right to put them there by
the treaty stipulations of 18fiG with the Indians
owning the lands. They are paupers ; they are
living entirely upon our bounty. They cannot
pay the first shilling of the consideiation of
the treaty stipulations of 1860. They are there
by force of our authority superiorto thatofthe
Indian tribes. And now, when the chairman
