1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1195
the committee has not power to entertain any
such motion to extend the debate, as that can
only be done in the House.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to say a word.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I movethecom-
mittee rise.
Mr. DAWES. In a moment. I have not
pressed for the floor for the purpose of pre-
venting the committee having charge of this
bill from being heard. I do not know that I
have anything to say which is worth occupy-
ing the attention of members. I wanted the
floor, however, to say a few words, and 1
thought the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Perce] was not quite generous to me. I
recognize the right of the committee to close
the debate. It is for them to say when it
shall be closed. But if it is the desire of the
committee that I shall speak for half an hour,
I am willing to do so at any time when it will
best suit the convenience of the House.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I move that the
committee do now rise.
Mr. DAWES. If it is the desire of the
committee to rise, I have no wish to speak at
present, and I yield to the gentleman from
Georgia to take the sense of the committee on
that question.
The motion that the committee rise was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
ScoriELD having taken the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. L. Myers reported that,
pursuant to the order of the House, the Com-
mittee of the Whole had had under considera-
tion the Private Calendar, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. GAIiFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House now adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
SESSION OF TO-MORROW.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By order of
the House, the session of to-morrow will be
for general debate only, in the House as in
Committee of the Whole, no business what-
ever to be transacted. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Upson] will occupy the chair as
Speaker pro tempore.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
tmder the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BECK: The petition and accompany-
ing papers of Silas Wolverton, of Lexington,
Kentucky, for compensation for horses cap-
tured by the confederates on mail routes Nos.
9527 and 9659, Kentucky, in 1863, , 1864, and
1865.
By Mr. COBURN : The petition of soldiers
of Morgan county, Indiana, asking the passage
of an act providing for a land warrant for one
hundred and sixty acres of laud to the soldiers
of the war of the rebellion.
By Mr. COGHLAN: The petition of G.
W. Beard and C. W. Christopher, asking
relief.
By Mr. ELDREDGE: The petition of George
0. Mills, of Chippewa Valley, Wisconsin, that
persons known as publishers and dealers in
in newspapers and periodicals may receive by
mail such quantities of either as they may
require, in bulk, whether wholly or in part
printed, and pay postage thereon as received,
at the rates pro rata as regular subscribers
to publications weighing four ounces who pay
quarterly in advance.
By Mr. GETZ: The petition of 84 citizens
of Berks county, Pennsylvania, for the passage
of an act to license distilleries according to their
actual capacity, such capacity to be ascertained
by practical men understanding distilling in
all ita details.
By Mr. HARPER : The petit'-on of James
R. Love, of Jackson county, North Carolina,
asking the removal of his political disabilities.
. By Mr. HOLMAN: The memorial of Dr.
George C. Heckman, president of Hanover
College, Indiana, and Professors S. IT Thom-
son, J. B. Garrett, Edward J. HamilYn, and
John Hussey, and J. H.Thomson, esq. .mem-
bers of the faculty of the college, in fa"ror of
the establishment of a college by the United
States in China with the Chinese indem^ty
fund, to facilitate diplomatic, scientific,
commercial intercourse between the two coun-
tries.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The memorial ov
Mrs. Adelaide W. Howard, asking compensa-
tion for services rendered by her husband, the
late Captain William A. Howard, of the United
Statea revenue marine.
By Mr. McJUNKIN: The petition of Wal-
ter L. Graham, publisher of the Butler Eagle,
setting forth that it has become a custom in
the past four years for a large number of news-
paper publishers to unite in printing one side
of their papers at some central union effice
from whence they are transported to the local
publishing offices and printed on the other side
and sent to subscribers, &c., and praying the
passage of an act declaring papers so printed
on one side to be legal mailable matter and
subject to postage only at the minimum rate
of weekly newspapers and packages to news-
cl c^lcrs
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of John
T. Brewster, publisher of the Sullivan Free
Press, in the county of Sullivan and State of
Pennsylvania, praying that publishers and
dealers in newspapers may receive by mail
partially printed newspapers in such quantities
as they may require, and pay the postage
thereon at the same rate as regular subscribers
who pay in advance.
By Mr. MERRIAM: The petition of X. A.
Willard, president. New York State Dairymen's
Association and Board of Trade, and others,
of Herkimer county, New York, protesting
against the reduction of the duties on foreign
salt.
By Mr. MORGAN: The petition of Ferdi-
nand Haack and 5 others, soldiers of the war
against Mexico.
Also, of W. E. Beebe, asking postal relief.
Also, of Emery A. Thompson, asking relief
from the operation of the sixth section of the
act of July 4, 1864.
By Mr. L. MYERS: The petition of Jacob
IS. Schiedt, late of company F, one hundred
and nineteenth regiment Pennsylvania volun-
teers, praying the passage of an act granting
him arrears of pension.
By Mr. PERRY, of Ohio: The petition of
George Leetz and 67 others, soldiers in the
late war, praying an equalization of bounties
and amendment of land act.
By Mr. PETERS: Numerous petitions of
citizens of Penobscot and Aroostook counties,
Maine, in favor of the bill to extend the lim-
its of the Bangor customs district.
By Mr. POLAND : The petition of Wil-
liam Deegan and 75 others, soldiers of the
State of Pennsylvania, praying an equaliza-
tion of bounties, and also for a land bounty
to soldiers.
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of Richard
T. Sale and others, citizens of Virginia, pray-
ing Congress to pass a law for the relief of
poor and active loyalists who were confined
in rebel dungeons, health destroyed, and
robbed of liberty and the means of earning a
livelihood; and for the relief of the widows
and orphans of those who died for their Gov-
ernment in rebel prisons.
Also, the petition of Samuel R. James, of
Hanover county, Virginia, a second lieutenant
without commission in battery A, fifth United
States artillery, commanded by Lieutenant
Ames, now United States Senator from Mis-
sissippi, from October 25, 1861, to February
27, 1862, praying that Congress allow him a
just and reasonable compensation for his ser-
vices, equipments, &c.
By Mr. POTTER: The petition of 0. H.
Miller as to postage on patent outside news-
papers.
By Mr. RICE, of Kentucky: The petition
of W. W. Culbertson and 90 others, citizens of
Boyd county, Kentucky, remonstrating against
any change in the existing tariff abating duties
on such articles as are successfully produced
in this country.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia: The memorial
of Marion Bethune, of Georgia, asking ®ay as
a member of the Forty-First Congress.
By Mr. STORM: The petition of Richard
\ Sandys, publisher of the Democrat, a news-
paper in Wayne county, State of Pennsylvania,
r-sking that papers printed on one side be made
legal mailable matter at the minimum rate fixed
by Congress on weekly newspapers and pack-
ages tn news-dealers, and that section one
hundred and sixty-two of the codified postal
laws no-"! pending in Congress be so amended
that publishers and dealers in newspapers and
periodicals >my receive by mail such quantities
of either as they may require in bulk, whether
wholly or in part printed, and pay the postage
thereon as received s-t the same rates pro r<Ra
as regular subscribers to publications, &c.
Also, the petition of James A. Dony, pub-
lisher of the Milford I?".raid, in the county of
Pike and State of Pennsylvania, asking that
papers printed on one side trs made legal mail-
able matter at the minimum late fixed by Con-
gress on weekly newspapers and packages to
news-dealers, and that section one hundred
and sixty-two of the codified p.-s'al laws now
pending in Congress be so amended that pub-
lishers and dealers in newspapers period-
icals may receive by mail such quartHi-ss of
either as they may require in bulk, whether
wholly or in part printed, and pay the postage
thereon as received at the same rates pro reus
as regular subscribers to publications, &c.
By Mr. SWANN: The petition of F. Y
Richardson and others, heirs for the coheirs oi
Buchanan & Young, praying relief.
By Mr. THOMAS: The memorial of F. P.
Haywood, of North Carolina, asking payment
of cotton claim.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Martha Ann Hoyt,
of Pitt county, in the same State, asking rernim
eration for loss of property sustained during
the year 1793 by vessels of France.
By Mr. WAKEMAN: The petition of Lev-
erett Seward, a soldier of the war of 1812, for
an increase of pension.
By Mr. WALLACE: A joint resolution of
the Legislature of South Carolina, for the
relief of Beaufort county for tax on real estate
in 1863, 1864, 1865, and I860.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 24, 1872.
The House met at twelve o' clock in. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ORDER Off BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Upson
in the chair.) By order of the House the ses-
sion of to-day is for general debate only, in
the House as in Committee of the Whole, no
business whatever to be transacted. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Lamport] is
entitled to the floor.
THE TARIFF ON WOOL.
Mr. LAMPORT. Mr. Speaker, I- ask the
indulgence of the House for a short time while
1 shall endeavor to discuss a question of vital
importance, and one that necessarily enters
iuto the estimate and affects the resources of
our system of political economy.
That was no unmeaning announcement to
the world by our forefathers, who said:
"We, the people of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect Union, establish justioe, insure
