300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
the revenue lost by business mismanagement,
neglect and violation of duty, such as would
bankrupt in a year the wealthiest commercial
bouse in the country—a loss which falls upon
the entire people and contributes to make the
burden of taxation more grievous. The civil
service commission say, in their recent able
report, that—
" It is calculated by those who have made a careful
study of all the facts, that one fourth of the revenues
of tlie United States are annually lost in collec-
tions."
One fourth of our entire revenue, or say,
$90,000,000 a year! And I am led to believe
they do not overstate the case.
In this connection, I am happy to acknowl-
edge the distinguished ability with which that
commission have presented the evils of the
present service, and the promptness which
the President, manifested in accepting their
recommendations. But civil service reform is
entitled to all this, and even more. The abuses
of oar system have been growing for a long
time, and now strike deep into our national
life. To remove them, we need not only great
care and labor, but more incisive and thorough
treatment than any which has been adopted.
National and individual prosperity for a
long time diverted popular attention from these
abuses. They appeared trivial to the thriving
citizen forgetful of the terrible results to which
they were tending. It is also probable that the
corruptions of the local government in New
York had a malign influence upon every insti-
tution within its scope. But, be the causes
many or few, they have conspired to present a
marvelous combination of everything opposed
to a creditable and economical civil service in
the New York custom-house.
The real evil of our present system is deep-
seated and far-reaahing. It relates to the
scramble for place, to the uses to which pat-
ronage is put, to the uncertainty of tenure, to
the constant struggle for control, and to the de-
moralization and corruption which grows out
of such a condition of political subserviency,
uncertainty, and strife. At the foundation of
the curse is patronage, not so much because it
gives us bad men. as because it corrupts our
politics. It should never be so much a ques-
tion of who shall hold the offices, though it is true
they should be men of good faith and fidelity,
and profitable servants of the people. For
every office adequate qualifications should be
exacted from the candidate, and there should
also be general confidence in his character and
integrity. When appointed, if his suitability
in these respects remains unimpaired, he should
not be removed during the usual period of his
commission. In such reflections, I mean no
unjustdisparagement, What I say is prompted
not by the spirit of hostile criticism: I recog-
nize the deserts of our patv in the adminis-
tration of public affairs with more eagerue&s
than I perceive and deplore its mistakes. The
former is a grateful pieasure, the latter is an
unpleasant duty. But we must meet this ques-
tion of reform now. or the pernicious brood
of corrupting influences, now warming into
strength and power, will soon be too strong for
us to grapple with and overthrow. Allow the
present practices for yet a period, and the
danger is real that other departments of the
social structure will also become subservient
to whatever is degrading and corrupting in
publio affairs.
Borrowing a simile, employed by the dis-
tinguished Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Suuxes] upon a memorable occasion, like
the fabled magnetic mountain on the face of
the deep, which drew one by one the strong
iron bolts from the stately ship ; so the nobler
qualities of manhood, which serve to exalt and
adorn our politics, are gradually withdrawn, 'i
until at last we become a confused and helpless ,!
wreck. It is idle to expect that a high tone will ;j
pervade the circle of politics when members !j
ot the party are not even at liberty to act an J
independent part as to the mode of promoting si
the same common principles and attaining the
same eomraon end.
It is not to be successfully denied that offi-
cials have been removed in numerous instances,
by the Administration that appointed them,
without any change in their character or quali-
fications, not for any dereliction of duty or
infidelity to party principles, but because they
were not acceptable to some, whose advice was
potent with the appointing power, and because
it was supposed certain political results could
thus be secured. In other words, it is gener-
ally believed that the patronage of the Govern-
ment is used as a mere reward for partisan
service, and as an agency for promoting per-
sonal ends. Whether this is true or not, it
may at least be said that the extent and fierce-
ness to which the prerogative of appointment
and removal can be exposed has been severely
tasted—a prerogative which has been at all
times, with a brief interruption, in the hands
of the Executive to measure and control.
The honor and safety of the nation cannot
be indifferent to the least, tendency toward par-
tisan perversion, or mischievous personalism,
in the bestowment of office, nor permit the
insidious influence of patronage to impair the
integrity of the public service. The higher the
officer in default, orin defiance, the more neces-
sary to guard the power he wields and to check
every outcrop of abuse. I know many good
and sagacious people believe that already this
protruding evil gravely threatens to undermine
our greatness and glory as a nation; but I have
unfailing confidence in the virtue and courage
of the people, and as the danger is more and
more apparent I do not doubt we shall avert
whatever peril impends. It. is therefore that
I speak, not as one having nothing better thau
hopeless complaint, but in sober warning and
earnest entreaty.
I am awar,e that principles must be enforced
in a large measure through party organization,
and in no step toward civil service reform would
I commit a wrong against the former or impair
the latter. The very essence of popular gov-
ernment lies in associated political action, and
the cause which, embarrasses the one strikes at
the other. But it is no less true that the be-
neficent operation of this principle is greatly
impaired or wholly destroyed if used to sub-
jugate qualified opposition, silence friendly
criticism, advance personal aspirations or the
triumph of special party interests.
I hope I have not wearied Senators; but, after
closing my review of the business features of
this bill, I felt impelled to say what has fol-
lowed in support, and, if need be, to justify my
convictions that a genuine and thorough re-
form in our civil service, and especially in the
customs department,has become indispensable.
I submit that those who hold positions under
the Government should be faithful servants
of the Republic and her laws, and not sup-
pliant tools of the appointing power. I desire
that they be incited to the utmost fidelity
to the country and to her interests, rather
than to the public servant who discharges an
official responsibility in appointing or nomin-
ating them. The doctrine, that "tothe victors
belong the spoils of the vanquished," may
once nave been applicable to the bestowment
of official places, but if so, I am sure it is ap-
plicable no longer. The patronage of the
Government is so vast, the offices to be filled
are so many, that the public interest forbids
that they be filled and reBlled as ambition or
party caprice may dictate. I plead in the
name of the people for the adoption of a purer
and nobler system, under which the political
morality of the nation will be elevated, offi-
cial integrity cherished, and the public safety j
assured.
The VICE PRESIDENT. What course
does the Senator propose the bill shall take ?
Mr. FENTON. I suppose that I cannot
ask that, this bill shall retain its place after
the desire expressed by other Senators in
regard to the amnesty bill, which has been
passed*^>ver; but if it is agreeable to Sen-
ators, I will move that the bill be postponed
to and made the special order for Tuesday of
next week, the 16th instant.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SBHSIO.N'.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. {Mr. Wilson'
in the chair.) The bill (II. It. No. 380) for
the removal of legal and political disabilities
imposed by the third section of the fourteenth
article of amendments to the Constitution of
the United States is now before the Senate,
the pending question being 011 th  amendment
moved by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. scmxer.]
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After twenty minutes spent in exec-
utive session, the doors were reopened, and
(at two o'clock and forty-two minutes p. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
MoNDiT, January 8, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Thursday, December 21,
1871, was read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order during the morning hour
is the calling of the States and Territories fur
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
for reference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into the H"uge by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures may be presented for printing and
reference. The morning hour now begins, at
five minutes after twelve o'clock.
I'ROFKSSQKb OF MATHEMATICS
Mr. HALE introduced a bill (II. R. No.
780! to establish the rank ot professor of mathe-
matics in the United States Navy; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
LCCY A LUCK.
Mr. FRYE introduced a bill (11. R. No.
781) granting a pension to Lucy A. Luce:
which was read a fir.st and second t'm®, and
referred to the Committee on invalid Pen-ion<=.
fcAJlt'KL u UOD^OV.
Mr. FRYE also introduced a bill (H. K. No.
782) granting a pension to Samuel H. IIo l-< n :
which was read a first and second time, aad
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Pi LOT* OK.
Mr. LYNCH introduced a bill ill H. No.
783) prohibiting the collection of pilotage and
harbor dues byState or municipal authorities;
which was read a first and second time, re
ferred to the Committee* on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
CURRENCY.
Mr. LYNCH also introduced a bill fH. R.
No. 784) to provide against undue expansion
and contraction of the currency; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Banking find Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
ROCNTT
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
785) in relation to bounties; -which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
civil skuvick.
Mr. WILLARD introduced a bill (H R.
No, 7801 regulating appointments and removals
