2092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
of the Committee on Indian Affairs comes
here and tells the Senate that as these Indians
tahom we forced there cannot pay it is proper
that we should pay, the Senate seems to turn
a deaf ear toHt, and my honorable friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
thinks he is in duty bound to resist it. Well,
to a certain extent he is; that is to say, he is
bound to have a prudent supervision over the
appropriations of this Government to see that
the proper thing is done ; but he is not bound,
and if he feels himself bound the Senate is not
bound to follow him, in resisting a proposition
so manifestly just as I think every Senator who
examines this will find it to be.
These Cherokee Indians parted with their
lands. We have put savage tribes upon them,
forced them upon them, and we provided in that
treaty that we would pay for those lands. The
simple proposition here introduced by the chair-
rnau of the Committee on Indian Affairs is to
raise a com mission, a commission of our own—
the Indians are to have no voice in it whatever—
to allow the President of the United States to
appoint persons to go upon that land and see
what is a fair consideration for it and report to
Congress. Is there any peril in that? Are we
doing any injustice to the Government of the
United States in that? We are acting to a
certain extent in harmony with the treaty stip-
ulation of 1866, but we are not paying, we are
simply taking the preliminary steps, that is to
say, appointing a commission of our own men
to go and see what, under the circumstances,
we ought to pay to these Indians and report
it to Congress. If Congress is satisfied with
it, very well, it can pay. If not, it goes for
nothing. It does not appropriate a dollar. It
simply takes these preliminary steps. I submit
to the sense of the Senate whether that is a
thing which ought to be resisted by anybody.
It strikes me not.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 14 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn*, Ames, Caldwell, Cooper,
Corbett, Cragin, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of
Michigan, G-ilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Hitch-
cock, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Norwood,
Nye, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Robertson, Tip-
ton, Viokers, Windom, and Wright—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Cameron. Cole, Conkling,
Edmunds, denton, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Pool,
Sawyer, Stockton, and West—14.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Boreman,
Brownlow,Buckingham, Carpenter, Casserly,Chand-
ler, Clayton, Davis of Kentucky, Ferry of Connec-
ticut, Flanagan. Frelinghuysen, Goldthwaite, Howe,
Johnston,Kellogg, Ivclly, Lewis,Pratt, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Sehurz, Scott, Sherman. Spencer, Sprague,
Stevenson, Stewart, Sumner, Thurman, Trumbull,
and Wilson—33.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer the following
amendment, to come inunder the miscellaneous
head at the close of the first section of the bill:
For the removal of the Flathead Indians to the
general or Jocko reservation, set apart for said
Indians by the treaty of July 16,1855, according to
the order of the President, made November 12,
1871, $tf,000.
Mr. COLE. Has that been sent to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations?
Mr. HARLAN. I think it has.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not recollect any
such amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. The amendment;^self will
show. If the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations desires an explanation, I have
letters here from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs and the Secretary of the Interior which
will perhaps explain the matter sufficiently.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let them be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., April 2,1872.
Sir: Ihave the honor to transmit herewith a copy
of a letter of this date from the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, recommending that Congress be re-
quested to appropriate the sum of &6,0f)0. or so much
thereof as may be necessary, to defray the expenses
of the removal of the Flathead Indians from the
Bitter Root Valley to the Joeko reservation, in Mon-
tana, as provided by the second article of the treaty
with said Indians of July 16. 1855; and in view of
the President's "order" of November 14.1871.
The subject is commended to the favorable con-
sideration of Congress.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
C. DELANO, Secretary.
Hon. James Harlan, Chairman Committee on Indian
Affaire, United States Senate.
Department of the Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs,
Washington, D. C„ April 2.1872.
SiR: In view of the order of the President, of
November 14.1871, for the removal of the Flatbeads
from Bitter Root Valley to the Jocko reservation,
in Montana, as provided by the second article of the
treaty with said Indians, of July 16, 1855, I have
the honor to recommend that Congress be requested
to appropriate the sum of $6,000, or so much thereof
as may be necessary for the expenses of such re-
moval.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
F. A. WALKER,
Commissioner.
Hon. C. Delano, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
clause in the treaty referred to before we vote
on this. It may be perfectly right, but I am not
able to find in the statutes of 1855 the thing
referred to.
Mr. HARLAN. The treaty is in volume
twelve of the Statutes, page 975. The articles
are number two and number eleven, to which
this amendment is applicable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There does not appear
to be either in the second or eleventh articles
of the treaty of 1855, confirmed by the Sen-
ate and promulgated in 1859, any provision,
so far as I am able to see on a casual examina-
tion, by which the United States undertakes
to pay the expense of the removal of these
Indians.
They by the first article of the treaty ceded
a certain tract of country to the United States,
but reserved out of that ceded, and over which
they have dominion for the use and occupation
of their own tribe and their confederates as
an Indian reservation upon which may be
placed other friendly tribes and bands of In-
dians, a described territory within^ the gen-
eral cession. Then the next paragraph, in the
second article, provides* that the whites shall
not reside thereon, (the usual provision,) and
also a provision that the confederate tribes
agree to remove and settle upon the - same
within one year after the ratification of the
treaty, and in the mean time they may reside
upon the ceded ground. Then they are enti-
tled to their improvements, and so on.
Then when you turn to the eleventh article,
it is provided—
44 That the Bitter Root valley above the Loo-lo
fork shall be carefully surveyed and examined, and
if it shall prove, in the judgment of the President,
to be better adapted to the wants of the Flathead
tribe than the general reservation provided ior in
this treaty, then such portions of it as may be neces-
sary shall be set apart as a separate reservation for
the tribe. No portion of the Bitter Root valley
above the Loo-lo fork shall be open to settlement
until such examination is had, and the decision of
the President made known."
All that seems to provide for is that out of
the genei*al territory which they ceded, and
over which they had dominion and over which
they were settled, if you can say an Indian is
settled anywhere, they reserved a certain part
for their own exclusive occupation, to which
the confederated tribes agreed to go ; and that
is all. We are under no obligation to provide
for the expense of their going, whatever the
distance they move, from where the tribe hap-
pens to be located on to this particular reser-
vation which they save out of the general grant.
If it is necessary under the general policy of
the country, independent of any treaty, to pay
the expense of getting them there, that is
another question ; but so far as our being
under any obligations by this treaty to pay the
expense of their collecting themselves together
upon this reservation, part of their own lands,
there is nothing of the kind in either of these
articles, as the Senate will see, as I have read
them, which warrants our expending money
for the purpose. But if it is put upon the
ground of their general necessity, of course
that is another thing.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
has stated the facts I believe with sufficient
clearness with this exception—and he is not
at fault on that point for the information has
not come to him, perhaps: these Indians
did cede a large part of their country to the
United States, and reserved what is known in
that country as the Jocko reservation for the
tribe. Provision was made that a part^ of
them, four or five hundred of them, might
remain in the Bitter Root valley and have a
reservation set off for their use in that valley,
if in the opinion of the President it would be
proper that they should occupy any part of
that valley. On careful examination of the
subject, the President decided that it would
not be for the public welfare to set off to them
in that valley a reservation, but it would be
best for them all to live on the one reservation
which was indicated in the treaty. It is on
that account that it becomes necessary to re-
move them to the reservation indicated in the
treaty which has been read. I have here a
letter from the Delegate from that Territory
which had perhaps as well be read. It states
the facts clearly, and I will ask the Secretary
to read it.
The Secretary read as follows:
Sir: I respectfully request that when the Indian
appropriation bill comes up in the Senate for con-
sideration that you will offer At the end of line six
hundred and fifty-eight the amendment introduced
by you a few days ago appropriating $(>,000 tor the
removal of the Flathead Indians from the Bitter
Root valley, in the Territory of Montana, to what is
known as the Jocko reservation, and for the follow-
ing reasons:
3. The Flathead tribe, by a treaty made with the
United States July 16, 1855, ratified by the Senate
March 8, 1859, agreed to so remove whenever tho
President should so order. (See Statutes-at-Large,
volume twelve, page 975, articles two and eleven.)
2. By the eleventh article the Flathead4! were to
remain in the Bitter Root valley until the President
should have determined whether a separate reserva-
tion should be allowed them therein. Upon failure
of the President to give them this separate reserva-
tion they would be obliged by the second article to
remove to the general (or Jocko reservation.)
3. The President took no notion under the eleventh
article of the treaty until November 12,1871, when,
after a careful consideration of ail of the facts in the
case, and upon the recommendation of the Governor,
superintendent of Indian affairs, the Flathead In-
dian agent, and the missionaries stationed among
the Indians for the last thirty years, we refused by
an executive order to set apart any portion of the
Bitter Root valley as a reservation, and directed the
removal of tho Indians as provided in tho second
article of the treaty.
4. A reccnt census of tho Flathead tribe show3
that there are four hundred and forty-six members
thereof, and this appropriation is asked for to carry
out the order of the Piesident.
I have the honor to be.truly, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM H. CLAGETT,
Delegate from Montana.
Hon. James Harlan, Chairman Senate Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How far do these Indians
live from this reservation ?
Mr. HARLAN. I can only make a guess
at the distance from rny memory of the dif-
ferent locations from looking at the map. I
should judge it to be two or three hundred
miles from their present location to the Jocko
reservation. It may not be so far.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Taking that to be so, of
course the sum of $6,000 for four hundred and
forty-six Indians ^ould not perhaps be exces-
sive for the actual expense of removal j but
under the articles of the treaty that we have
had our attention called to, there is not any
obligation on our part to do anything of the
kind. But under the fourth article, to which
the Delegate from that Territory has kindly
called my attention, it is provided that—
44In consideration of the above cession, the United
States agree to pay to the said confederated tribes
of Indians, in addition to the goods and provisions
distributed to them at the time of signing this treaty,
the sum of $120,000, in the following manner, that
is to say: for the first year atter the ratiiication
hereof, $36,000, to be expended under the direction of
the President in providing for their removal to the
reservation, breaking up and fencing farms, build-
ing houses for them, and for such other objects as he
may deem necessary."
So that if they had chosen to remove within
the year provided, we, as a part of the con-
sideration of the purchase, agreed to pay a
