1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1197
of these wonderful pastures, where the grazing
season is peroetual spring. The tender herbage
following up the constantly receding snow-
line through the summer, furnishes to Hooks
succulent pasturage till the snows appear
again, when the grass of the valleys, undis-
turbed during the later months of the summer,
yields a rich pasture of uncut hay,' on which
herds and flocks luxuriate by thousands dur-
ing the winter months. The resources of
Australia and La Plata appear from the recent
descriptions to be outrivaled here. The in-
creasing consumption of mutton, the enhanced
value imparted to wool by the proximity of
factories, and the extensive tracts of avail-
able land in the older States, must, however,
cause sheep husbandry to form one of the
most important, permanent, and profitable
branches of their rural system.
Mr. Speaker, this is no fancy sketch, but a
sublime reality, that challenges our admiration
and expands our estimates of the richness as
well as the vastness of our domain. Can any
enlightened citizen of this country hesitate for
a moment to contribute, by his acquiescence
and influence, such protection and encourage-
ment as may be necessary to utilize and make
available these vast fields, so ready to yield
up their abundant supplies, which we can
avail ourselves of so cheaply?
Mr. Speaker, I feel constrained to say that
no speculative theories or fanciful sophisms
should cast any obstacle in the way of sheep
husbandry until we produce every pound of
wool necessary to clothe every man, woman,
and child in the United States and Territories
of America, together with the corresponding
amount of healthful animal food.
Mr. Speaker, I am not so stinted in my
estimate of particular interests as to leave out
of consideration other and equally as import-
ant branches of industry. I cannot well leave
this subject without connecting it with the
great woolen manufactures of our country which
hold an equal and mutual interest with sheep
husbandry. The wool-growers must have a
market, and, as I have'endeavored to show in
the commencement of my remarks, it must be a
home market. Mr. Speaker, I can hardly
think that man sane who would advise the
wool-grower of America to send his wool
across the Atlantic to market to compete with
the wool-grower of Europe, and give employ-
ment to the operatives of that land of sur-
charged population, while that large class of
our artisans and mechanics would be driven
to the field, which would stultify that inventive
genius and skill of our country which now
commands an equality with, if not superiority
over the civilized world, also to defray the ex-
pense of transportation to and from foreign
lands, and pay into foreigu pockets the cost
of manufacture. This proposition seems too
simple to be entertained for a moment. But,
Mr. Speaker, the advantage of home man-
ufacture presents an argument in its favor that
is unanswerable. The interest of the producer
can only succeed in connection with the man-
ufacturer.
The success of woolen manufactures in sup-
plying the vestiture demands of the country
to so great an extent gives hope for the
future. At an exposition of the products of
our woolen manufactures held in the city of
New York, October 1869, under the auspices
of the American Institute, the following state-
ment was made:
"We supply with cheap and sound clothing the
great mass of the people—furnishing the great pro-
portion of cassimeres, the tricots and cheviots for
business suite, the beaver, moscows, and cloakings
lor outer garments, and supply the great bulk of the
fabrics worked up in the vast ready-made clothing
establishments in our cities, which employ quite m
many operatives as our manufactures. We^ furnish
the great bulk of knit goods for underclothing, and
the flannels and blankets for bed-covenngs. We fur-
nish all the ingrain carpets consumed here, which
are produced from twice the number ot looms
employed on those fabrics in England, making the
American workman's parlor and bed room the most
cheerful and attractive that labor ever found for
repose. Eor the more luxurious we make half tho
Brussels and tapestry, and a part of tho Axminster
carpets consumed here, we supply nearly all the
delaines, the most extensively consumed of the
cheaper fabrics for female wear—such as eobjirgs,
worsted poplins, serges, cloaking, .printed cash-
meres, alpaca, mohair lusters and braifls, as well as
lastings for shoes, which have been produced with
such success as to reduce in two years the price of
the foreign article from $1 10 to 60 c.ents per yard.
We contribute for furniture purposes all-wool and
union damasks, and silk cotelines and reps of
tasteful designs and eolor. And finally have removed
from our ships and ports the signal of national
dependence—a British bunting."
With this most interesting exhibit, Mr.
Speaker, which reaches beyond the particular
industries I have barely alluded to, opening a
wide and healthful field of remunerative em-
ployment, providing so large a supply of the
actual necessities of the people, at the same
time bringing into requisition the inyentive
genius of the American mind, and yet reserv-
ing to all the advantages and elevating influ-
ences of a general system of education, I con-
fidently submit, sir, that it would not only be
unwise and fallacious, but impolitic and mani-
festly unjust, to disturb that economic and pro-
tective provision of our present tariff on wool
and woolens from which we have derived so
great an advantage, and without which we must
be humiliated to a state of national dependence
and proximation to European pauperism.
CHICAGO TIRK.
Mr. SUTHERLAND addressed the House
in opposition to the Chicago relief bill. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
STATE RIGHTS.
Mr. BRAXTON. Mr. Speaker, if the rule
that resolves the House of Representatives
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union has heretofore existed without
reason to support it, the present condition of
the Union furnishes abundant proof of its
necessity and wisdom. The state of the Union,
considered only in regard to those subjects
brought to the attention of Congress by Presi-
dents in their annual messages, is a much too
limited view within which to detect evils that
the hand of corruption in time has introduced
into the workings of our Government; for a
pet scheme of a President, measures intended
for partisan purposes, references to accompany-
ing reports, Congress and the country congrat-
ulated upon the prosperity of things generally,
and a stereotyped prayer to the Creator for a
continuance of his blessings, often make up the
messages sent to Congress by the Presidents
of these United States. In considering the
state of the Union we should not be confined,
in my judgment, Mr. Speaker, to those sub-
jects which seem to the Presidents to be of
paramount importance, for errors growing out
of their mismanagement of the Government,
or that of their political adherents, would nover
be brought to the attention of Congress, and
thereby escape correction and censure ; nor
should we be satisfied with the seeming pros-
perity of this Union, and upon it speculate as
to its future greatness: but we should look to
see whether the Constitution is intact, and
whether the cardinal virtues which only can
give permanency to a republic, and upon
which our revolutionary fathers erected this
Government, are still in existence, or whether
they have been lost in the swift race for na-
tional supremacy.
It matters not, Mr. Speaker, by what name
you call the Government of a country so far
as the happiness of the people who inhabit it
are concerned. The people we represent in-
herit, as they suppose, a republican form of
government with granted powers defined by
constitutional limitations. The party now in
possession of the reins of power proclaim
from this Capitol they are administering the
Government in accordance with the_ Constitu-
tion, and in consonance with its original purity
and simplicity. Yet, sir, the constant presence
of the governing power, the hourly demands
for the support of the Government, the per-
petual inquisition into the affairs of individ-
uals, the untold wealth of Government officials,
the childish ' movements of a self-indulgent
Executive—all of which are leading charac-
teristics of monarchy—seem to question the
sincerity of the party which declares the Gov-
ernment -at Washington to be republican in
form, and administered within constitutional
limitations, and in simplicity and purity.
Sir, the simplicity of otir Government has
gone, and with it I fear has- fled that purity
and superiority which once marked and ele-
vated men to high places, where their great
intellects, their bright integrity, and their
patriotism, undiminished by selfishness, were
given to their country, and their country's best
interests.
This Government, sir, one of limited pow-
ers and administered within ebnstitutitional
restrictions! The recent display of the war
power proves it bo be, when in the hands of
the so-called Republican party, one of unlim-
ited power. That the Constitution has been
knowingly disregarded is frankly admitted on
this floor, the excuse assigned being to save
the life of the nation. The legislative de-
partment of this Government has not only
disregarded the Constitution, but has curtailed
the powers of the judicial department, whose
high duty it was to review, to apply constitu-
tional test to, aad if need be to annul legisla-
tive enactments.
If the Constitution then is to be disregarded
when in the opinion of the Republican party
the life of the nation is in danger, why not
disregard it when the life of the Republican
party is in jeopardy? Surely, the being of
that party, which claims the wisdom to say
when the Constitution shall and the power to
say when it shall not operate, must be, if the
wisdom and power claimed be admitted, of
more importance to the people than the Consti-
tution. If the Constitution is to be set aside by
thepartyinpossessionof the Government when
it regards the life of the nation to be in danger,
why should not the same party make the safety
of the Union depend upon the inauguration
of one rejected by the people at the polls as
their President? In other words, if any party
perchance in possession of the Government
chooses to retain it, they have but to declare
that the life of the nation is in danger, substi-
tute their will instead of the Constitution, and
hold on to the Government in defiance both
of the people and of the Constitution.
Had the people of this country been told
when the Federal Constitution was submitted
to their several Legislatures for adoption or
rejection, that the powers specified in that
instrument were to be parted with, and no
power remained with the States or the people
to protect the rights and powers reserved,
nobody can doubt but that the Constitution
would have been rejected by every State
which had been a party to the Articles of
Confederation. To have said to the General
Government, "Your powers are limited, but
there is none to prevent your ti'anscending
them; the States have certain reserved rights
with no power to maintain them,"' would
have conceded to the General Government
powers on the exercise or non-exercise of
which the rights of the States would have
depended. And such, sir, is the unequal
division of powers between the governments
within this Union that there is not a right, a
privilege, or power exerted by the States which
cannot be struck down by the General Govern-
ment without rendering an account to any
tribunal on earth. .
Where, I ask, resides the power which can
protect the rights of the States and of the
people, if assailed by the party m possession
of the General Government/ Ihis question
the fathers of the-Constitution reluctantly con-
sidered. They trusted so fully to the wisdom
