1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
301
in the civil service of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the select Committee on the Civil Service, and
oriered to be printed.
Mr. WILLARD also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 787) for an act to preserve the inde-
pendence of the several departments of the
Government; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the select Committee on
the Civil Service, and ordered to be printed.
SOUTHERN TRANSPORTATION COMPANY
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 788) to establish a southern
transportation company in New Mexico and
Colorado Territories ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be
printed.
BROTHERHOOD OF LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEERS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 789) to incorporate the
Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Education and Labor, and
ordered to be printed.
SEWALL B. CORBBTT ET AL.
Mr. DUELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
790) for the relief of Sewall B. Corbett, Wil-
liam D. Lacy, and Lott W. Crocker; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
TAX ON DEPOSITS IN SAVINGS BANKS.
Mr. DUELL also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 791) to repeal so much of the internal
revenue act as imposes a tax upon deposits in
savings banks ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
ARSENAL AT ROME, NEW YORK.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 792) to authorize the sale of the
arsenal at Rome, New York, and to appro-
priate the proceeds; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
RECOGNITION OF CUBA AS A BELLIGERENT.
Mr. COX introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. GG) for the recognition of belligerent
rights between the kingdom of Spain and the
so-called republic of Cuba ; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. ELDRTDGE. I call for the reading of
the resolution at length.
The preamble and resolution were read. The
preamble states that the inhabitants of a por-
tion of the kingdom of Spain, to wit, the island
of Cuba, have been waging war against Spain
for their independence for a period of more
than three years, the existence of which war
has been and is acknowledged by Spain in sun-
dry public acts and documents; that during
this war Spain has been allowpd to supply her
armies and navv from the factories, dock-yards,
and arsenals of this country with every mate-
rial requisite of warfare, while the Cubans, in
direct opposition to a fair spirit of neutrality,
have been denied similar advantages to vessels
freighted wi'h arms and ammunition destined
for the Cubans, in accordance with the legal
light of American citizens to trade in arm3 with
peoples and Powers who are at war, in the exor-
cise of what has been declared by the Executive
and a Federal court to be a legitimate voyage,
which vessels have in violation of law and equity
been detained and subjected to delays by an
unfair pel-version of justice, to the detriment of
the interests of American citizens; that meas-
ures should be adopted to protect the rights
and interests of American citizens engaged in
legitimate commerce and to prevent the recur-
rence of losses which may arise from the fact
that this Government, has not yet acknowl-
edged the existence of the republic of Cuba;
that a majority of the independent republics
of this hemisphere have recognized the belli-
gerency of Cuba, which acts have tacitly been
admitted by Spain to be not incompatible with
a spirit of amity toward Spain; that Spain
herself, by acknowledging the independence
of sundry republics on this continent, once
her colonies, has acknowledged the rights they
had to wage war for their independence, as
Cuba is to-day fighting for hers; that by the
principles of international law an inherent
right is vested in the sovereignty of every
independent nation to declare when conven-
ient the existence of belligerency betweenany
other nations, or between the inhabitants of
any integral portion of any such nation; and
that the rendering assistance to all peoples
struggling in this hemisphere for the rights of
self government by all just means not in con-
travention of international law is a thorough
American policy consonant with the principles
on which our own independence is based. The
resolution provides for the recognition of a state
of war between the kingdom of Spain and the
so-called republic of Cuba, and declares both
parties to the conflict entitled to the rights con-
ceded to belligerents by international law.
The joint resolution was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
TELEGRAPH LINES
Mr. COX also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
793) supplemental to an act entitled " An act
to aid in the construction of telegraph linei,
and to secure to the Government the use of
the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses," approved July 24, 1866: which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post tto ids,
and ordered to be printed.
A GROSS OF MATCIIKS.
Mr. MERRIAM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 794) to define a gross of matches, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Manufactures, and ordered to be printed.
LICENSING PILOTS.
Mr. NEGLEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
795 ) to provide for the better security of life
on board of vessels, &c., in relation to licens-
ing pilots ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to theCommitteeon Commerce,
and ordered to be printed
RBPUAI. OF INCOME TAX.
Mr. L. MYERS introduced a joint resolu
tion (H. R. No. 67) to repeal the income tax;
which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution, which was read, states
in the preamble that, by an act of Congress
passed July 13, 1806. it was provided that the
tax on incomes should be levied in each year
until and including the year 1870, and no
longer; that by act of Congress passed March
2. 1867, it was reaffirmed and enaced thai the
tax on incomes should be levied until and
including the year 1870, and no longer; and
that by the act of July 14, 1870. the tax upon
incomes was levied for the year 1871 as well as
for 1870, and the time fixed by law for the
collection thereof has not yet arrived, and the
immense surplus of the Government receipts
above its expenditures proven that there is no
necessity for such eoliection ; the resolution
provides" that nil taxes upon incomes after the
year 1870 shall be repealed.
The joint resolution was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
NAVAL OFFICERS, SEAMEN, ETC.
Mr. SWANN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
796) for the relief of petty officers, seamen,
ordinary seamen, mechanics, firemen, coal-
heavers. musicians, and boys in the United
States Navy, which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
CHARLES BROWN.
Mr. DUKE introduced a bill (H. R. No. 797)
to extend letters-patent granted to Charles
Brown; which was read a first and second
time, and with accompanying papers referred
to the Committee on Patents, and ordered to
be printed.
ROBERT CLARICE.
Mr. PL ATT introduced a bill (H. ft. No.
798) tp reimburse Robert Clarke, of Peters-
burg, Virginia, for rent of stables by the Uni-
ted States ; which was read a first ".and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
CATHERINE GERHARDT.
Mr. PORTER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
729) granting a pension to Catherine Gerhardt;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
PUBLIC BUILDING.
Mr. WADDELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No 800) to provide for a building for the use
of the post office and United States district
court at Washington, North Carolina; which
was read a fii-st and second time, referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and ordered to be printed. ,
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. SLOSS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
801) for the removal of political disabilities of
Thomas T. Sibley and others therein named,
citizens of Franklin county. Alabama ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
EDUCATION.
Mr. PE11CE introduced a bill (H. R. No._
802) to establish an educational fund, and to
apply the proceeds of the public lands to the
education of the people ; whi ch was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Education and Labor, and ordered to be
printed.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. BARRY introduced a bill (H. R. No,
803) for the relief of the civil and political
disabilities of certain citizens of Mississippi,
therein named; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SYPHER introduced a bill (H. 11. No.
804) to relieve certain citizens therein named
of their legal and political disabilities ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
JOSEPH COFFMAN.
Mr. SYPHER also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 80S) to relieve Joseph Coffman, of Louis-
iana; which was read a first and second time,
and with accompanying petition referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. SHELDON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 806) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide a national currency secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for
the circulation and redemption thereof," ap-
proved June 3, 1864; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Csmmitte-e
on Banking and Currency, and ordered to be
printed.
CALCASIEU SULPHUR MINING COMPANY.
Mr. SHELDON also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 807) to allow the Calcasieu Sulphur
Mining Company to import certain machinery
free of duty ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
COUNTERFEIT BANK NOTES, ETC
Mr. MONROE introduced abill (H. R. No.
808) to prevent the circulation of counterfeit,
