1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2093
certain sum, so far as it should be necessary,
to liquidate the expenses of the removal. I
am informed by the honorable Delegate from
the Territory that that clause in the treaty has
never been carried into execution, and that
no part of the $36,000 has ever been ex-
pended. Taking that to be so, I confess it
would seem to me to be equitable to allow
whatever sum now may be necessary to ac-
complish the purpose for which the treaty was
made. Of course I have no other informa-
tion than that which the honorable gentleman
gives me ; but assuming him to be correct in
the fact that this $36,000 has not been appro-
priated to the benefit of the Indians, aud has
not been paid, as the tribe have since been
diminished, this sum for the removal would
be just enough. Assuming that to be so, 1
myself shall vote in favor of the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer the following
amendment, to come in as an additional sec-
tion :
Sec. —. That all title or interest which the Sis-
seton and Wahpeton bands of Sioux Indians claim
to have, to any portion of tile iaiid mentioned and
particularly described iu the second article of the
treaty made and concluded with said bands of In-
dians, outthe 19th day of February, 1867, and after-
ward amended, ratified, and proclaimed on the 2d
day of May, of the same year, or by virtue of any
other law or treaty whatsoever, excepting such
rights as were scoured to said bands of Indians, by
the third and fourth article of said treaty, as a
"permanent reservation," is hereby extinguished,
and all tile lands mentioned and described in the
second article of said treaty, after the passage of
this act, shall bo subject to existing laws applicable
to public lands.
Skc. —. That it shall be the duty of tho Secre-
tary of the Interior, as soon as may be after the
passage of this act, by the report of threo judi-
cious commissioners by huu to be appointed, to
ascertain whether any or what compensation ought,
injustice and equity, to be made to said bands of
Indians, respectively, by reason of the passage of
this act; and the said Secretary shall report the
same to Congress, with his recommendation as to
the manner in which tho amount so found shall be
invested or disposed of, so as best to promote the
welfare and true interests of said bands of Indians.
Mr. POMEROY. Where is this reserva-
tion ?
Mr. RAMSEY. West of the Red river.
Mr. POMEROY. If this reservation is now
restored to the public lands, in case there should
be any grant to railroads before they locate
their line, they will get these lands. I do not
know whether there is any such grant or not;
I have not "looked into it; but all railroad
grants, when made, except these reservations.
If you restore them to the public lands before
the road is located, they become public lands
and the railroad company gets them. I do
not know anything about the state of facts
here.
Mr. HARLAN. Perhaps I ought to explain
this in a word or two. The treaties were ex-
amined carefully by the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and I believe they were unanimous in
the opinion that the Indians had no title to
these lands ; they are not included in any res-
ervation.
Mr. POMEROY. Then they are not excepted
out of any grant.
Mr. HALILAN. There were two reserva-
tions set apart to them two or three hundred
miles apart. These Indians claim that they
have rights to these lauds as hunting grounds.
If they have any right, of course it ought to be
extinguished. 1 suppose they are in fact public
lauds under existing laws. It seemed to the
committee that there was no necessity that a
a tract of land three or four hundred miles
square should be lying there without any occu-
pancy by any parties whatever. The Indians
are not on the lands, and the white people are
excluded under the terms of the law. The
honorable Seuatois from Minnesota can ex-
plain the reason for this proposition more
fully than I can.
Mr. WINDOM. I will state very briefly
what the condition of this country is. Thei e
is a very large tract of country lying on the
western boundary of Minnesota within the
Territory of Dakota, two hundred miles per-
haps north and south by one hundred miles
east and west, over which the Indians have no
rights whatever, except what rights they may
have had by occupany, by the roaming title
which Indians have to all the territories of the
United States that they once occupied.
In 1867 a treaty was made setting aside two
permanent reservations for these Indians, one
at Devil's lake, in the northern end of this
general territory that I have been describing,
referred to in article two of the treaty of 1867,
and another at Lake Travers, in the southern
end of this Territory. These Indians have, had
large appropriations, which I will refer to iu
a moment, made for their support on these
permanent reservations, and there is a clause
in.the treaty which prohibits white settlers from
going upon this general territory. The object
of this amendment is simply to open it to set-
tlement and cultivation. There are already
from three to live thousand people on this
territory, described in article two of the treaty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. By what authority?
Mr. WINDOM. They have gone there
partly by the authority of tho United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How?
Mr. WINDOM. I will state how. The
Indian department, the General Land Office,
and the Interior Department have recognized
this territory as Government land. They have
carried that recognition to the extent of mak-
ing surveys over a considerable portion of it ;
and tho people of the United States, Indiug
this land surveyed as Government land, have
gone upon it, several thousand of them, and
only recently my colleague and myself re-
ceived a dispatch from the Governor of our
State informing us that in the severest weather
of this winter these people had been driven
from this reservation simply because it is now
claimed that the Indians have the light to
exclude white settlers from it.
I wish to state a little more fully what we
have done for these Indians, that the Senate
may see that there has been no wrong done
them thus lar, and will be none by the passage
uf this amendment.
There are, according to the report I hold in
my hand from the Interior Department, two
thousand one hundred and filty-six of these
Indians. Their permanent reservations that I
have referred to in the northern and southern
ends of this Territory, cover 1,527,200 acres
of land, which gives to each Indian seven
hundied and twenty-six acres of laud, or to
every family of five Indians thirty-six hun-
dred acres and over. We have by various
appropriations under the treaty of 1867, and
within the last five years, appropriated in cash
for these twenty-one hundred and fifty-six
Indians, including the present bill, $825,000,
making in cash to each Indian $380. We
also appropriate by the treaty $30,000 annu-
ally, which is equal to a permanent fund to
them of $600,000, which, added to the cash
already given, gives to each of these Indians
$660, or to every family of five, big and little
Indians, papooses aud all, $3,300.
We have given to each family of Indians of
five, three thousand six hundied and thirty
acres of land and $3,330 in cash. It does
seem to me that we ought not permit them to
exclude from the settlement and occupation
of the white people of this country a territory
larger than the great State represented by my
friend from Vermont. There are iu this ter-
ritory over twenty thousand square miies. It
is the richest part of Dakota. The people of
this country want it. As we have provided so
liberally for these Indians, it does seem io me
that we should now make some provision that
the lands which they do not use, and which
white settlers are excluded from going on
simply that Indians may have an inducement
to hunt over it, should now be made part of
the public lands of the country. That is a
brief statement of the facts.
Mr. RAMSEY. In addition to what my
colleague has said, I have only a very few
words to say. It must have been a great over-
sight on the part of the Senate that in the
treaty of 1867 they conceded to these Indians
as much of a title as is in that treaty set forth.
With an examination of their rights, certainly
no such title could have been conceded to
them, probably the weakest of all the Indian
titles, weak as they are in these United States.
The Sisseton and Wahpeton Sioux only occa-
sionally hunted over these lands. Their vil-
lages, their homes, their women, their chil-
dren, and they, through eleven months of the
year, were down upon the Minnesota river
within the borders of the now State of Minne-
sota, and it was only occasionally that they
hunted up that river and into the Territory of
Dakota and through these lands. It was a
country rather in dispute between the sur-
rounding tribes, the Chippewas on the north-
west aud the Sioux of the Missouri on the
southeast; and they had the weakest of ail
claim to that country of any tribe to any coun-
try which they claimed. Hence, there should
be no reluctance, I think, on the part of the
Congress of the United States in this kind of
legislation. The Senate will recollect that two
or three years ago, m just such a bill as this, it
was provided that hereafter no treaty should
be formed with any of the Indian tiibes.
Hence, we are driven to this kind of legisla-
tion.
As my colleague Says, a large number,
probably ten or twelve thousand white people,
are upon this tract of country on the west side
of Red river and bordering upon the pro-
jected Northern Pacific railroad. Now, to
stop these people and diive them out with
their families away from their homes, simply
for a mythical title like this, will be a hard-
ship that I think the Senate of the Dnited
States will not impose upon a people. These
Indians are well provided for. It is no haid-
ship to them. Tlie sympathies of the Senator
need not be excited at all. They have large
special reservations set apart by the treaty of
1867, one on the south shore of Devil's lake,
a well-tnnbered country, with fine water and
line timher, and one at Fort Wadsworth, or
Lake Travers, also a line reservation. They
make no use of this territory at all; they
engage in no agriculture upon it; scarcely an
Indian of all these bauds will see this country
once in a twelvemonth.
There is nothing, then, in the character of
their title or their attachment to the country
or its value to them that should draw out any
sympathy on the part of the Senate, whereas
there are upon these lauds now ten thousand
people, men, women, and children, having
made such homes as they hastily can in a new
country, and you cannot dispossess them, and
you ought not to do it. It would be gross
hardship to do it. There is nothing in the case
of the Indians that requires it, and it would be
a great wrong to the white people who are
there. Hence 1 hope the Senate will receive
this amendment on this bill and accept it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, one of
the best commentaries upon the impropriety
of undertaking, on an appropriation bill, by
an amendment which has nothing to do with
the expenditure of the money that you appro-
priate, to determine a question of this kind,
is this very amendment. Here you are, sud-
denly, and without any notice or information
whieli the Senate has had an opportunity upon
the report of a committee by a bill on the
specific subject, to know of in advance, you
undertake, as it appears to me, (and any Sen-
ator east of the Mississippi aud a great way
west of it who will look at this treaty will agree
with me in saying so,) to violate the mo^t
sacred promises you have made to these In-
dians and to dispossess them of their lands
which you recognized as belonging to them,
and which you intended by your agreement to
suffer them to occupy in peace, iu order that
