250
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 12,
Senate.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Carpenter.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
acts; any other language means nothing; any other
act is null; his duty is to assist in making an cleetion.
If he dissents from the choice of A, who is qualified,
he must say so by voting for some other also quali-
fied j he hag no right to employ his franchise merely
in preventing an election, and so defeating the ob-
ject for which he is empowered and bound to attend.
And this is a wise and just rule in the law. It is
necessary that an election should be duly made, and
at the lawful time; the electoral meeting is held for
that purpose only; and but for this rule the interest
of the public and the purpose of the meeting might
both be defeated by the perverseness or corruption
of electors, who may seek some unfair advantage
by postponement. If, then, the elector will not
oppose the election of A in the only legal way, he
throws away his vote by directing it where it has no
legal force; and in so doing he voluntarily leaves
unopposed, i. e., assents to the voices of the other
electors." ********
" It follows from these observations that the true
ground of the decision is that stated by Lord Mans-
field in the case first cited: "whenever electors are
present and do not vote at all they virtually ac-
quiesce in the election made by those who do."
*******
" In case of Taylor vs. Mayor of Bath, the counsel
in argument, took the distinction between not voting
at all and voting for the disqualified candidate.
They admitted that silence might well be held to
give consent, but that voting for the other candi-
date was an express negative; it was the only way,
they said, of voting asainst one to vote tor the other.
But the court overruled the distinction. To vote
for a person not qualified, they said, was the same
thing as not to vote at all; which, it was admitted,
would have been a constructive assent. It will not
escape observation that, in all these cases, the law
required the concurrence of a majority of the elect-
ors present to make the election good. In none of
them could it be stated as a tenable proposition that
the minority could bind the majority, or makea good
election against their votes. In all of them, too,
the numerical majority were de facto opposed to the
election made. Yet this fact was never considered
as rendering the election in law other than by an
actual majority."
Kyd on Corporations, volume two, sajs;
" Two requisites are necessary to make a good
election : 1. A capacity in the electors. 2. A capa-
city in the elected. And unless both concur the elec-
tion is a nullity. With respect to the capacity of
the electors, their right is this: they cannot say
there shall be no election, but they are to elect;
therefore, though they may vote and prefer one to
fill an office, they cannot say such a one shalf not be
preferred ; or by merely saying we dissent to every
one proposed, prevent any election at all. Their
right consists in an affirmative, not a negative dec-
laration. Consequently, there is no effectual means
of voting against one man but by votingforanother;
and even then, if such other person be unqualified,
and the elector has notice of his incapacity, his vote
will be thrown away." *
In King vs. Parry, (14.JSast, 559,) decided
in 1811, it was ruled:
" "When a candidate is disqualified for sitting in
Parliament, and notice thereof is given to the elect-
ors, all votes given for such candidate will be con-
sidered thrown away, and the other candidate, with
a minority of votes, will be in a position to claim
the seat on proof of the existence of the disqualifi-
cations."
In Queen vs. Coax, (28 Eng. L. & E., 307,)
decided in 1855, Lord Campbell said :
" Now, it is the law—both the common law and
parliamentary law—and it seems to me also common
sense, that if an elector will vote for a man who be
knows is inelligible, it is as if he did not vote at all,
or voted for a non-existent person; as it has been
said, as if he gave his vote for the man in the
moon."
Rogers on Elections, ed. 1847, cbap. 7;
Heywood on County Elections, 535 ; Roe on
Elections, 256j Male on Elections, 336; Clerk
on Elections, 156; Grant on Corporations,
109; Arnold on Corporations, 141 ; the case
of Rex vs. Blissell, before Lord Mansfield;
Oldknow vs. Wainwright, 2 Burr, 1017; King
cs. Monday, 2 Cowp., 538, before Lord Mans-
field; Regina vs. Hiomes, 7 Adolph. & E.,
960; Regina vs. Pancras, 7 Ellis & B., 954;
all support, illustrate, and vindicate the prin-
ciples of the cases from which I have quoted.
Every American writer of established repu-
tation lays down the same principle. Cashing
on Parliamentary Law,thebest American work,
lays down the rule as follows:
" Section 111. Of elections of, and votes given for,
disqualified persons:
"175. If an election is made of a person who is
ineligible, that is, incapable of being elected, the
election of such person is absolutely void, even
though he is voted for at the same time with others
•who are eligible and who are accordingly elected,
<seeMaleon Elections, 336;) and this is equally true,
whether the disability is known to the electors or
not; whether a majority of all the votes or a plu-
rality only is necessary to the election; and whether
the votes are given orally or by ballot.
"176. The principle above applies equally where
the constitution or law points out, among other eli-
gible persons, the particular candidates to be voted
lor; in which case votes given for other persons afe
void. Thus the constitutions of Maine and Massa-
chusetts, providing that, in case of a failure to
elect senators at the general election, the deficiency
shall be supplied on the day of the meeting of the
Legislature by such senators as shall be elected,
and the members of the other branch from among
the persons voted for and not elected as senators.
All votes given on such occasions for any other than
the candidate designated by law, though otherwise
eligible, are thrown away.
" 177. In England, where a plurality only is neces-
sary to an election, and where the votes are given
orally, it is also held that if electors have notice of
the disqualification of a candidate, every vote given
for him afterward will be thrown away and consid-
ered as not having been given at all, (King vs. Mon-
day. L'owper's Reports, 537; Rex vs. Hawkins, 10
East. Rep.,211, and cases there cited; 2Dow'sRep.,
124; Claridge vs. Evelyn, 5 Barnewall and Aid. Rep.,
81; Bex vs. Coe, Hey wood on County Eleotious, 538;
Douglas' Rep., 398, n.; Rex vs. Blissell, Heywood,
537; Rex vs. Parry, 14 East., 549; Rex vs. Bridge,!
Maule and Selwyn's Rep., 76.) The effect of this
rule is that not only will the election of a disquali-
fied person be held void, but if such election takes
place after notice of the disqualification is given to
the electors, the candidate having the next highest
number of votes will be elected, (Fife, 1 Luders,
455; Cockermouth, 18 Commons Jour., 672; Flint-
shire, 1 Peckwell, 526; Southwark, 2 Clifford, 130;
Canterbury, 2 Clifford, 353; Kircudbright, 1 Luders,
72; Radnorshire, 1 Peckwell, 496; Leominster, Cor-
bet, and Daniel, 1; Leominster, Rogers, App. IX;
Cork county, Knapp and Ambler, 406; Belfast, Fal-
coner, and Fitzherbert, 603; Rogers on Elections,
224. See also Male on Elections, 336; and Abing-
ton, 1 Douglas, 419.) This doctrine, however hard
it may seem, is founded in the familiar principle
that every man is bound to know the law with ref-
erence to any act which he undertakes to do; and
consequently that when an elector is apprised of the
fact ot disqualification of a candidate, and notwith-
standing gives his voto for him, the elector takes
upon himself the risk of losing his vote, if hi? con-
struction of the law turns out to be wrong, (Rogers
on Elections, 226.)
*'178. In this country it is equally true tnat the
election of a disqualified person is absolutely void;
and in those States where a plurality elects, and
where the votes are given orally, as in Eugland,
votes given for a candidate after notice of his dis-
qualification are thrown away, and the candidate
having the next highest number of votes is elected.
"179. In reference to elections by ballot, in which
secrecy is the distinguishing feature, and in which,
consequently, neither the returning officers nor the
electors themselves are supposed to know for whom
the votes are given until the result is declared, it
seems not unreasonable to consider the votes for
ineligible candidates to be thrown away in all cases,
and the oppo&ing candidate elected, where the elect-
ors know, or must be presumed to know, the disabil-
ity; and in all eases where there is no such actual or
presumed knowledge, to hold the whole proceeding
merely void.
"180. In reference to elections in which an abso-
lute majority is requisite to a choice, and in which,
consequently, the whole number of votes received
is first to be ascertained, votes given for ineligible
persons must, of course, beexcluded from the enum-
eration, for the reason that, as the whole balloting
would be void, and all the votes excluded, if they
were all for such candidates it would be preposter-
ous to enumerate such votes where they constitute
a part only of the votes given in. If, in consequence
of such exclusion, the result of the election would
be different from what it would otherwise be. the
whole proceeding must, perhaps, be held void or
valid, according as the electors have actual or per-
sonal knowledge of the ineligibility of the persons
for whom the excluded votes are given."
Wilson's Parliamentary Law, pages 107 to
114, lays down the same principle.
Angell and Ames on Corporations, page 98,
No. 3, say:
^ "If the assembly be duly convened, and the ma-
jority vote for an unqualified person, after notice
that he is not qualified, their votes are thrown away,
and the person having the next majority, and not
appearing to be disqualified, is duly elected."
This subject has been much discussed in the
Legislature of Massachusetts, and the English
rule approved.
In Slade's case, in the Massachusetts Legis-
lature, the subject was discussed in the report
of the committee, from which I read :
"The policy of the law requires that such a con-
struction should be put upon all proceedings at elec-
tions as to make such proceedings valid, rather
than nugatory. An election is always attended with
trouble, inconvenience, and expense, and should not
beset aside for light or frivolous causes. If votes
cast by mistake lor persons not eligible are to be
counted, then the intention and will of the voter
is defeated; if, on the other hand,such votes aro
willfully put into the ballot-box, the person thus
indicates so clearly his disregard of the value of the
elective franchise that it is only a deserved punish-
ment for his delinquency to deprive his vote of all
weight and influence at such election. By so doing
a voter is not deprived of any legitimate exercise of
his right, because hecan always manifest his opposi-
tion to any one candidate by voting for gome other.
(Rext?*. Monday, Cowper, Lord Mansfield said the
only way of voting against one was to vote for
another.)
"Finally.it seems to the committee that there is
no reason why a person who votes for an ineligible
candidate should not be put upon the same footing
with one who does not vote at all, as in both cases
the parties show a disposition to prevent an elec-
tion, and both of them show an unwillingness to
perform their duty by aiding to promote thp&e elec-
tions which are absolutely essential to the existence
of the Government. For if every voter refrained
wholly from voting, or voted for an ineligible can-
didate, the result would bo tho same—no choices
and although it is true that no penalty is attached
by law to a neglect of this obligation of voting, yet
the obligation is not the less plain for that; and the
committee believe it to be a duty too important to
be neglected, and too sacred to be trifled with, by
voting for fictitious persons or ineligible candi-
dates." * * * * "The voter who puts
into the ballot-box a blank piece of paper as clearly
indicates his opposition to all the candidates as he
who puts in a vote for an ineligible candidate; and
there seems to be no reason why the opinion of the
one should not beentitled to consideration as well as
that of the other."—Report agreed to April 10, 1849;
see Gushing's Reports Contested-Election Vases, Massa-
chusetts, page 576.
In two well-considered cases the supreme
court of Indiana have applied this rule to a
popular election by ballot. The cases are
Gulick vs. New, (14lnd., 927,) and Carson w.
McPhetridge, (15 Ind., 327.) In the former
case the court say:
" It being conceded that the votes cast for Wallace
were powerless and fruitless in effecting the main
end arrived at, that is, in electing him, we are still
asked to decide that they were so far effective as to
prevent the election of any other person; that they
were, so lar as affirmative results were involved,
thrown away, but that negatively they were oper-
ative. We are reminded that in our form of gov-
ernment the majority should rule, and that if the
course indicated is not followed, a majority of the
voters may be disfranchised, their voice disre-
garded, and their rights trampled under foot, and
the choice of a minority listened to. True, by the
constitution and laws of this State, the voice of a
majority controls our elections; but that voice must
be constitutionally and legally expressed.
"Even a majority should not nullify a provision
of the constitution, or be permitted at will to disre-
gard the law. In this are the strength and beauty
of our institutions. Suppose a majority should per-
sistin voting for a man totally ineligibleto take the
office of sheriff, what would be the result? As he
could not hold the office, either the one capable of
holding, receiving the next highest vote, would, as
contended by the appellant, be entitled to the office,
or there would be a vacancy, as insisted by the ap-
pellee. Suppose the proceedings should result in
creating avacancy, then it would remain, greatly to
the detriment of public and private interests, or it
would, under the statute, have to be filled by the
action and choice of perhaps two men, which might
be, possibly, in direct conflict with the choice of that
majority in every respect. Then, while it is true
that the votes of a majority should rule, the tenable
ground appears to be that if the majority should
vote for one wholly incapable of taking the office,
having notice of such incapacity, or should per-
versely refuse, or negligently fail to express their
choico, those, although a minority, who should
legitimately choose one eligible to the position,
should be heeded. Suppose that eight years ago, at
the first election under our new constitution, when
nearly all the offices in the State were to be filled, a
majority of the voters in the State and in the sev-
eral districts and counties had voted for persons
wholly ineligible to till the several offices, would
those offices have thereby remained vacant? Could
that majority, by persevering in that course, have
continued the anarchy which might have resulted
from such action? Or, rather, is it not the true
theory that those who act in accordance with the
constitution and the law should control even a ma-
jority who may fail so to act? Whether the same
reasoning should hold good where the ineligibility
should arise out of some cause other than a consti-
tutional prohibition, is a question we are not now
called upon to decide."
The majority of the court held that the voter
must take notice of the disqualification of the
candidate, and that votes cast for a candidate
in fact disqualified must be thrown out, whether
the voters had knowledge of the disqualifica*
