2094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
the people of Minnesota, and of the Bast who
have occupied Minnesota, and have driven
them out from the Minnesota river still further
West, may go over and push them off that.
I say in the first place, therefore, that an
amendment of this kind has no business to be
brought in upon a bill appropriating money.
It ought to be carefully considered by the
committee as a bill, go upon the Calendar
with a written report, so that Senators can
have their attention brought to it and be able
to act upon the question understanding^.
Now, sir, what is this treaty? It seems from,
this treaty that a part of these band of Indians
were friendly and loyal to the United States
always ; another part of them were unfriendly
and disloyal. This is the treaty made with
the true tribes who remained friendly and
loyal, and not with people who had ever been
guilty of any wrong to the Government of the
United States. It begins with this paragraph,
and the Senate must pardon me (if we are to
try questions of this kind on such bills) if I
take some time to read it and explain it:
"Whereas it is understood that a portion of the
Sisseton and Wahpeton bauds of Santee Sioux In-
dians, numbering from twelve to tii'teen hundred
persons, not only preserved their obligations to the
Government of the United States during and since
the outbreak of the Medavvakantonsand other bands
of Sioux in 1862. but freely periled their lives dur-
ing that outbreak to rescue the residents on the
Sioux reservation, and to obtain possession oi white
women and children made captivcs by the hostile
bands; and that another portion of said Sisseton
and Wahpeton bands, numbering fiom one thousand
to twelve hundred persons, who did not participate
in the massacre ot the whites in 1832, fearing the in-
discriminate vengeance of the whites, fled to the
great prairies of the Northwest, where they still
remain; and
" Whereas Congress, in confiscating the Sioux an-
nuities and reservations, made no piovision for the
support ol these, the friendly portion of the Sisseton
and Wahpcton bands, and it is believed [that] they
have been suffered to remain homeless wanderers,
frequently subject to intense suffering from want of
subsistence and clothing to protect them from the
rigors of a high northern latitude, although at all
times prompt in rendering service when called upon
to repel hostile raids, and to punish depredations
committed by hostile Indians upon the persons and
property of the whites: and
"Whereas the several subdivisions of the friendly
Sissetons and Wahpetou bands ask, through their
representatives, that their adherence to their former
obligations of friendship to the Government and
people ot tile United States be recognized, and that
provision be mado to enable them to return to an
agricultural life, and bo relieved from a dependence
upon the ehase tor a precarious subsistence : There-
fore."
This treaty is made. Now, what does it
provide? Does it provide that the people of
Minnesota and of Vermont may make a road
from the States into that, their country, and
dispossess them, take up the lands themselves
or turn them over to a railroad corporation?
Not precisely; quite the reverse:
" Article I. The Sisseton and Wahpeton bands
of DakoU Sioux Indians, represented in council,
will continue their friendly relations with the Gov-
ernment and people of the United States, and bind
themselves individually and collectively to use their
influence to the extent of their ability to prevent
other bands of Dakota or other adjacent tribes from
making hostile demonstrations against the Govern-
ment or people of the United States.
"Art. 2. The said bands hereby cede to the
United States'
Not this territory, mark it—-
"cede to the United States the right to construct
wagon roads, railroads, mail stations, telegraph
lines, and such other public improvements as the
interest of the Government may require, over and
across the lands claimed by said bauds (including
their reservation as hereinafter designated)"—
And you will see presently what that reser-
vation was for—
"over any route or routes that may bo selected by
authority of the Government, said lands so claimed
being bounded oil the south."
Then it goes on to give the boundaries,
which I need not take time to read.
"Art. 3. For and in consideration of the cession
above mentioned, and liiconsideiaLion o[ thef,,ithiul
and important services said to have been rendered
by the friendly bands of Sissetons aud Wahpeton
Sioux here represented, and also in consideration
®f the confiscation of all their annuities, reserva-
tions, and improvements, it is agreed that there
shall be set apait for tho members of said bands who
have heretofore burreudered to the authorities of
the Government, aud wero not sent to the Crow
Creek reservation, and for the members of said
bands who were released from prison in 18(36, tho
following described lands as a permanent reserva-
tion."
That is to say, that as to the friendly portion
upon their broad territory, if you call it broad,
not so great as the State of Minnesota by any
means, their territory should be held sacred
for them, with the right of way and traverse
over it by us for public purposes, and for the
hostile members of their bands who could not
be left at freedom to make raids upon the
whites, there should be a specific reservation
where they should be kept. That is the bar-
gain we made with them, as the text plainly
reads. It provides that these misbehaving
people, not the people with whom we made
the treaty, but that, portion of their people
who had been guilty of hostility and atrocities
toward the United States, should be collected
upon a particular reservation, which is de-
scribed.
Mr. WINDOM. I presume the Senator
wishes to understand distinctly what this treaty
does provide for.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think I am able to
understand it from reading it.
Mr. WINDOM. The Senator has probably
read it but once, and I have read it several
times. I think if the Senator will read it care-
fully he will find no such provision for hostile
Indians. The Indians with whom this treaty
is made are to go on this permanent reserva-
tion of which he is reading, and not the hostile
Indians at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very likely my friend
may be right tiom the Minnesotian point of
view. That State is so cramped for popula-
tion at present that it is necessary that some
portion of it should be allowed to flow over
into this Indian country, no doubt.
Mr. RAMSEY. If the Senator will allow
me 
Mr EDMUNDS. Not yet. I have not yet
quite finished with my other friend from Min-
nesota.
That may he so, but it is a very extraordin-
ary treaty for the United States to make,
who are supposed not usually to get the worst
of it in an Indian treaty, that we, in considera-
tion of the fact that these people with whom
we treat are said always to have been friendly
at the peril of their lives, have released them
fiom prison and will put them on a reserva-
tion. It was not, Mr. President, with all re-
spect to my honorable friend from Minnesota,
the people whom we released from prison in
18G6, and who were caught as having made
these hostile raids upon the people of Min-
nesota and upon the people who live beyond
its borders, with whom we were making this
treaty, but we were making it, as the text
says, with those of them who stood by the
Government, and who maintained their friendly
relations at the peril of their own lives by
resisting the atrocities of tbeir fellows. Then,
in order that their fellows might be provided
for somewhere, unless you say we were mak-
ing a treaty with the people who were in prison
for something which does not correspond with
the first pait of the treaty at ail, they say that
the people who surrendered, not those whom
the preamble states fled because they were
friendly and did not participate in the mas-
sacre, and went upon the western prairies,
but those who having been pursued in connec-
tion with these atrocities, surrendered and
were brought in, and those who were seized
in connection with the atrocities and put in
prison and released iu 186G should go upon
this reservation.
Now, Mr. President, is it to be said that
there is an agreement to be drawn from this
language that all these people should go upon
this reservation? What, then, is to be done
with the rest of the land? Do we not receive
by the treaty a grant from them as the lords
of the soil of the right of way over this terri-
tory? So the treaty says; aud if this were
a treaty with a civilized Power, with her
Majesty's Government of Great Britain, or
the emperor of Russia, or the emperor of
Germany, or the republic—or whatever it may
be, no man can tell—of France, or even with
Spain, I do not think we should bear any
gentleman saying here that thereby we had
acquired a title to that land which Spain or
Great Britain or Prance or Germany had
authorized us to build a railroad over, and
that the people of that nation had become
bound by such a treaty to depart from that
territory and go upon some specific portion
of it which had been reserved for a special
purpose.
The boundary of this reservation is then set
out. Then the treaty provides that—
"It is further agreed that a reservation be set
apart for all other members of said bands who were
not sent to tho Crow Creek reservation, and also for
the Cut-Head bands of Yanctonnais Sioux"—
Which is entirely another thing—
" beginning at the most easterly point of Devil's
lake," &c.
That is a provision for an entirely different
set of Indians stiil from those with whom we
were making this treaty. Then it provides in
the fifth article how the reservations for these
purposes shall be apportioned out, in farms
or tracts of one hundred and sixty acres.
Then it provides for expenditures on reserva-
tions for the benefit of the Indians ; for an
agpnt at Lake Traverse; for agricultural im-
provements ; the usual restriction about trade
and reservations; the guarantee by the In-
dians of the safety of the travel and mails
over those routes in respect to which they
have granted the right of way. Then it pro-
vides that the members of these bands may be
organized as scouts in order to make good the
obligations by which they undertake to pro-
tect the passage of the munitions and people
of the United States in the right of way across
their territory. And yet the honorable Sen-
ators say they give up the territory altogether
and agree to be put on a reservation as a part
of the prisoners of 1866, instead of being the
friendly people who make the treaty, while at
the same time they have engaged to protect
our passage over this territory and have on-
gaged to organize bands and police, &c., in
order to see to it that the unfriendly ones do
not escape from the reservation and roam
about and destroy the people and property of
the United States as they go over the country.
Now, sir, in the face of this treaty—and my
friend, I think, cannot successfully put any
other construction upon it—in the face of the
suffering and wrong that these people, even
before this treaty, had been subjected to because
they were our friends, and not because they
were our enemies, we propose, because squat-
ters have rushed over from the over-crowded
State which my triends from Minnesota rep-
resent, and because a great, railroad monopoly
is pushing its operations in that quarter, against
the will of the people to whom we have thus
pledged our faith, to take away the land from
them. That may be justice. I have no doubt it
isfrom thepointofviewofmy friendsfrom Min-
nesota, because I cannot question their hon-
esty or integrity ; I should be the farthest from
it possible ; but looking at it from my point
ot view, on a fair consideration of this treaty,
and especially as undertaking to put, it upon a
bill which has nothing to do with the subject,
and we ate forced thus to come suddenly to
its consideration. I think it altogether wrong.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator from Vermont
misapprehends entirely the character of the
population on the western bank of the Red
river and in the country now under consider-
ation. They are not Minnesotiatis by any
means. We have no desire to lose our popu-
lation. We have no desire to open countries
west of us and have our population depleted.
The population that I speak of. and there are
about ten thousand of them there, is drawn
from all the States of the Union, a small
fraction possibly from Minnesota, and a larger
