1198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
and patriotism of those who were to come
after them to keep good faith between the
States and to the binding force of constitu-
tional limitations, that they deemed it barely
possible other guaranties could be needed to
protect the people and the States in their
rights.
But two sources of remedy were ever looked
to by the people of this country to furnish
relief against Federal usurpation. A large
party regarded the Supreme Court as the final
adjudicator of rights claimed by individuals
and States under the Federal Constitution ; a
second party believed that the States had the
right to withdraw from the Union when their
rights, in their opinion, were not respected by
the General Government. But now, when
the Supreme Court has no power to decide
political questions, and when the power of a
State to withdraw from the Union has been
successfully denied, I again ask, where is
the tribunal which gives protection to the
people, when the party in possession of the
General Government transcends constitutional
authority?
It may be said, Mr. Speaker, that the ques-
tion put has been often asked before. True;
but never answered. The want of an answer,
the want of an agreed-on tribunal to finally
decide questions of political power claimed both
by the States and the Federal Government, has
deluged one section of this country in blood.
It is a mistake to attribute the late civil war
to animosities existing in different sections.
It is a mistake to say the institution of slavery
produced it. It is a mistake to charge that
certain politicians, failing to obtain possession
of the Government, withdrew from it, while
they held the power to control it. Sir, the
parties to that unhappy conflict contended and
fought for the final arbitership, which the
fraraers of the Constitution and the latter-day
statesmen, when the question became practi-
cal, failed definitively to provide, to place
beyond question where the Federal power
ended and the rights of the States began.
To allow the exercise of powers not dele-
gated was regarded by one party as destructive
of the rights of the States. A failure to exer-
cise the powers denied was considered by the
other as fatal to the existence of the Federal
Government. That there was good ground for
this difference of opinion the history of this
country, as read in its public debates for the
last sixty years, clearly shows. These differ-
ent views were not confined to sections until
after the strife had commenced. Then the
prevailing sentiment of localities there be-
came universal. Neither of the parties to
the contest sought to destroy existing rights.
The victorious party acquired new powers.
Had the defeated party succeeded it would
only have retained powers never relinquished.
This issue thus made up has been called a
rebellion, and the unsuccessful parties to it
traitors—harsh terms of ignominy and re-
proach—terms that charge unfaithfulness to
country and to truth—terms, the concomitants
of war and not of peace.
Mr. Speaker, ambition may lead men and
organized governments to dissolve and throw
ofi' ancient political associations in order to ex-
ercise new, higher, and larger powers. Such
was not the case with my State in the recent
troubles. Her ambition had been fully realized
in the grandeur of the American Union, to
which she had contributed some little in talent
and territory. There were no posts of honor in
the government of eleven States that she had not
again and again filled in a Union of thirty-six
States. There were no powers to be hers in the
now Government which she had not and did
not exert in the Government of her choice, the
Government she had nursed in its infancy, and
whose growing fame only increased her own.
There was no hatred in her bosom to the Fed-
eral Government, unless the feeling which
draws the offspring to the mother's breast and
commends it to Heaven's protecting care be
hatred.
Let it not be supposed, Mr. Speaker, that I
am apologizing for the sons of Virginia who
acted in obedience to the behest of their ven-
erated mother. That mighty conflict, deplored
by the good men of all countries and all sec-
tions, has passed and gone. It has left no
tinge of shame on Old Virginia's cheek, and,
so long as its dire results are met with brave
hearts and unsullied honors, her sons will
have no cause to blush.
Mr. Speaker, the people of Virginia believe
and admit the late civil war has established
two facts, and that a third may result from it:
first, that no State has the power to withdraw
from the Union; second, that the States will
in the future look only to pacific means to pro-
tect their rights. Withthese views they are
here again to take part in the affairs of this
Union. They come back in no spirit of
shamed-face disobedience, but feel they can
truly plead "not guilty" in the high court of
Heaven to an infraction of the Federal Consti-
tution. They are here to tread the path of duty,
whether it be one of choice or necessity. They
do not admit that the loss of power to protect
their rights takes with it their rights under the
Federal Constitution; but, clinging to their
long-cherished convictions, so well expressed
by the "only peer" of George Washington,
as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabar-
gerJ has been pleased to call the late Mr.
Lincoln, they insist—
"That the maintenance inviolate of the right of
the States, and especially the right of each State, to
order and oontrol its own domestic institutions ac-
cording to its own judgment exclusively,is essential
to the balance of power on which tho perfection and
endurance of our political fabric depend."—Mr. Lin-
coln's Message to the. Thirty-Eighth Cunoress.
If the rights of the States are maintained
inviolate, the third effect apprehended from
the war will not follow, that is, a centralization
of all power in the General Government.
But, Mr. Speaker, when the fact is remem-
bered that the Republican party still holds
possession of this Government, and I find
among its records such sentiments as I now
read from the speech of Mr. Julian, a former
member of this House and of the Republican
party, delivered in 1862, who says:
"Cases may arise in which patriotism itself may
demand that we trample on the most vital principles
of the Constitution; and this has been done already
by the prosent Administration under tho exigencies
of the war power."
And further:
" Should both Congress and the courts stand in the
way of the nation's life, then the red lightning of the
people's wrath must consume the recreant who re-
fuses to execute the popuJarwill. Not even tho Con-
stitution must bo allowed to hold back the uplifted
arm of the Government."
Sir, when I find such sentiments, am I not
justified in doubting whether the rights of the
States, which they have no power to protect,
will be maintained inviolate, and in denying
that the Government at Washington is ad-
ministered in accordance with constitutional
authority?
The exigencies of the war are thought to
have justified the sentiments expressed by Mr.
Julian; but what is the testimony of Mr. Farxs-
worth, of Illinois, another distinguished mem-
ber of the Republican \party, uttered on this
floor in the spring of 1871. He says:
"I know wo have done things during the war, and
during the process of reconstruction, to save the Be-
public, which could not be defended in times of peace.
We were obliged to do some things, because of the
bad influence of Andrew Johnson's administration,
which will scarcely bear the calm light of peaoe and
constitutional law. We passed laws, Mr. Speaker,
• and the country knows it, which we did not like to
let go to the Supreme Court for adjudication; and I
am telling no tales out of school. Since the adop-
tion of the fourteenth amendment, bccause of scru-
ples in regard to the constitutionality of the civil
rights bill, wo have reenacted it. We have done
things under the necessity of the case, and under the
war power, and X am ready to do them again to save
the nation's life, which may be a little beyond the
verge of the constitutional power possessed by Con-
gress."
These are the sentiments of one of the frank-
est, bravest, and truest members of the Re-
publican party—I mean true to principle and
country as he understands them j who adds to
the exigencies of war cases of necessity which
justify members of Congress in overstepping
the bounds of the Constitution, and who con-
sidered the scheme of reconstruction and oppo-
sition to the bad influence of Andrew Johnson
as two such cases of necessity. Sir, if the
party in power find necessity springing from
the influence of their own President which
authorizes a disregard of the Constitution, how
easy it will be to find necessities arising from
the action of a President not of their choosing.
The reconstruction scheme was commenced
when this Government was entirely in the
power of the party which has the control of
it now. Not an armed soldier was to be
found within the limits of the old Union, save
the Federal Army. There was no power to
oppose the action or the will of that party.
There was no scarcity of time. The conquered
people of one section were down and disarmed.
And yet the necessity is here found and plead
as an excuse for the violation of the Consti-
tution.
Sir, is this a constitutional Government or
not? If it is, let the Constitution be the
supreme law of the land. Respect it, observe
it, and legislate within its provisions in times
of peace, and times of war will never come.
But, sir, if it is to be obeyed only when its
restraints are not felt, and disregarded when
they are, by the party in possession of the
General Government, it is a mockery to talk
about constitutional rights and constitutional
Government.
Nothing contributes more to give content-
ment and quiet to a people than the certain-
ties of the laws to which they are required to
conform their action. And when our people
arc told that the Federal Constitution is the
supreme law of this land, but cases of neces-
sity may arise, not only in times of war, but
in peace, to be determined by the party that
happens to hold the Government, when the
Constitution is to be disregarded, they will
cease to look up to it for protection, believ-
ing, and rightfully believing, that every right,
political, social, and iudividual, is adrift upon
the uncertain waves of party passions, preju-
dices, and power.
I am well aware, sir, coming as I do from
one of the so-called rebellious States, that
some may attribute the sentiments here avowed
to a fault-finding disposition, restless because
in a minority, and reluctant to submit to the
powers that bo. It matters not; so long as I
am here the records of this Government shall
be read in defense of my people, and when
they show that the party which has had pos-
session of this Government for the last twelve
years has again and again declared that Con-
gress, the courts, and the vital principles of the
Constitution must be trampled on when they
think the life of the nation is in danger, the
treason proved upon the parties charged is
opposition to the Republican party and not to
the Constitution of this Union.
Mr. Speaker, I have referred to past events
and their confessed results with no purpose
or desire to reopen questions of discord. I
have deemed it due to my State that her feel-
ings and expectations should be publicly ex-
pressed, to prevent in after years her silence
from being construed as an admission of her
guilt, and a confession that she had, and
claimed, no rights under the Federal Constitu-
tion, though one of the States of this Union.
And, sir, the high and sacred duty is mine to
the people of the seventh congressional dis-
trict of Virginia, whose daily walks are aronnd
the homes of Washington, Madison, Marshall,
and Monroe, to see that the charge of treason
to the Government, roared by these mighty
men, should be met and repelled on this floor.
No, sir, we have no traitors in Virginia. Her
