1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2095
portion doubtless from the State of Vermont.
They are men seeking new lauds, a fine coun-
try, and ail that; and I have no doubt a large
portioti of them are from the Senator's own
State.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So I said.
Mr. RAMSEY. But what wrong is intended
to be done these Indians ? By the provision
of a former law we have concluded ourselves
against making treaties with Indians, and yet
the Senator seems to assume that we are going
to acquire more Indian lands, and not to be
hemmed in and curbed in by the lines we have
already acquired.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have not by any
former law bound ourselves to violate the trea-
ties we have heretofore made.
Mr. RAMSEY. We have concluded our-
selves and said we shall not hereafter make
any treaties for the acquisition of territory.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But we have not declared
that we will violate old ones.
Mr. RAMSEY, We do not propose to vio-
late any rights of the Indians. The propooi
tion now is to ascertain the value of these
lands and to compensate the Indians for thein.
By any treaty you would make with them, no
matter what the formalities might be, you could
do no better for them than that. They do not
require this territory. It is not necessary for
them at all.
The treaty says that but twelve or fifteen
hundred Indians were parties to it, and the
idea that twelve or fifteen hundred Indians
are to hold for their benefit a country or.e
hundred and fifty miles long and about a
hundred miles wide, in one of the best por-
tions of the North American continent, is
absurd. It is larger than that, probably. The
Senator now, in behalf of these Indians, who
are for the lirst time in all their history well
cared for, well housed upon fine reservations,
fed by the nation, clothed by the nation—the
Senator, in behalf of the people thus sumptu-
ously cared for beyond anything they or their
ancestors ever dteamed of, would despoil the
people of his own blood and race who have
gone into possession, ten thousand of them
there, and drive them out from the face of tlje
country.
If this was a proposition to deprive these
Indians of whatever right or interest they
have got in-this large tract of country, and^de-
spoilthem of it without making compensation,
then I should see something in the speech of
the Senator from Vermont; but there is no
such purpose. This proposition comes from
as good friends to these people as the Senator
is himself or as his people can be. But when
they cannot occupy this land, when they do
not require it, when they do not want it, why
should we hesitate, when our people do want
it and are in possession of it, to make some
kind of arrangement with the Indians? That
is all there is of it.
Mr. WINDOM. I wish to say a word or
two in answer to the Senator from Vermont.
My honorable Iriend's sympathies seem to be
very much aroused for these twenty-one hun-
dred and fifty-six Indians because they are
so circumscribed in their territory. I have
already shown the Senate that by the per-
manent reservation set aside for them each
and every Indian, big and little, has now per-
manently reserved tor him seven hundred and
twenty-six acres of land. This country to
which the amendment refers has never be-
longed to these Indians. They have no title
to it whatever, unless the fact that Indians
roamed over the soil and hunted the buffalo
here and there gives them a title to the land.
There is not an act of Congress or a treaty,
there is nothing anywhere m the history of
this Government that gives to these Indians
a shadow of title to this vast territory, over
which it is proposed by the Senator from
Vermont that they shall torcver and eternally
roam. It is true in this treaty they claim
this territory ; but so they have claimed the
whole United States. I believe it is well rec-
ognized everywhere that the Indians have
no title to lands unless it is derived from
the Government. The Government of the
United States owns all the land within its
boundaries unless it cedes it or gives it away
in some way to somebody else. In this in-
stance nobody desires to interfere with the
Indians upon their reservations. The amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Indian
Affairs does not touch their reservation. It
simply provides that when they have thus
nearly a thousand acres apiece to live upon,
and have received §660 per head, they shall
not exclude from settlement forever a terri-
tory larger than the State represented so ably
by my friend from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the honorable Sen-
ator mean to say that the Government of the
United States is the proprietor of all the land
in this country until it cedes it to somebody
else?
Mr. WISDOM. I mean to say that the
Government is the proprietor of the land.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does not the honorable
Senator know that it has been decided over
and over again by all the judicial tribunals of
this country, both State and national, that the
Indian title was the first title? And does he
not know that the history of the country shows
that from 1770 to this day the Government of
the United States has always recognized the
Indian title, and has acquired it either by con-
quest or treaty as it acquires it from other
people and nations?
Mr. WINDOM. I think it is not so recog-
nized. Let mo read a sentence from the
decision in the, case of the Cherokee nation
vs. Georgia, where Chief Justice Marshall,
delivering the opinion of the couit, said:
"Tho Indian territory is admitted to eomposo a
pait of the United States. In all our geographical
treatises, histories, and laws, it is so considered."
These words are quoted by the court in a
late case which I have before me in the eleventh
volume of Wallace's Reports, upon a ease in
which the Congress of tho United States had
legislated over Indian territory, and th
Supreme Court of the United States held that
they had the power to do so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly. Has it legis
lated in the way of taking the Indian title
away from them, or only in regulating the
conduct of the people who live on the soil?
Mr. WINDOM. Not in this case; but here
there was an express treaty provision which
prevented certain legislation, and Congress
did legislate in that way, and the court held
that it was perfectly good. So that Congress
has entire jurisdiction over this country, I
have no doubt.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me ask my friend a
question about the law. 1 want to understand
him, because I thought I had a pretty clear
impiession about what had been decided.
Do I understand my friend to say that the
Supreme Court has anywhere decided that
the Indian title to the soil was not, a good title,
and that the Congress of the United States
had a right to legislate it away?
Mr. WINDOM. I do not moan to say that
they have in this decision.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does my friend mean to
say that thev have in any other decision ?
Mr. WIN DOM. I cannot point to any other
now, but I know this to be the fact: the Con-
gress of the United States have always as-
serted their power over the Territories of the
United States. Now, let me ask my friend a
question. We have decided by act ot Con-
gress that no more treaties shall be made with
Indians, have we not?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir, we have not.
Mr. WINDOM. In the sixteenth volume
of the Statutes you will fiud it is declared that
the Indian tubes are not nations or Powers
with whom treaties can be made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Exactly; that they are
subject, like other citizens or inhabitants of the
United States, to the general laws of Congress
which shall regulate their conduct; but it does
not follow from that, let me suggest to my
friend, (and it is scarcely necessary to suggest it,
because he is a better lawyer than I am,) that
we can take away the property which belongs
to them, either individually or collectively.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask the Senator if we
have not by act of Congress declared that the
Indians arc not a Power to be treated with?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; we have not de-
clared that they are not a Power to be treated
with, but we have declared that we will not
authorize the President and Senate to make
any further treaties with them, and we will not
carry them out unless we please. Myfiiend
will permit me to suggest to him that that is
very far, as far as the cast is from the west,
from declaring that therefore we have obtained
any right to take their lauds without their eon-
sent.
Mr. WINDOM. I was going to follow that
with another question.
Mr. RAMSEY. With the permission of
my colleague, I will read the section of the
law. It, will be found on page 500 of the six-
teenth volume of the Statutes at-Large :
"Provided, That hereafter no Indian notien or
tribo nitluii the territory of tho United States shall
be recognized as an independent nation, tribe, or
Power with whom the United States may contract
by treaty."
Mr. WINDOM. That being the fact, I
desire to ask the Senator from Vermont what
he is going to do with reference to these large
territories m the West over which this roam-
ing Indian title exists, if we cannot now make
treaties with them? Is the laud in this coun-
try to be forever a hunting ground?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think, if it were,
it would be any great harm to the country
until we occupy what we have; but that is
apart from the question. Now, 1 will answer
the question specifically and in tho good faith
with which my fiiond proposes it, because we
both desire the right in this matter. My an-
swer is this: the laws of the United States do
riot, allow a treaty to be made with any citizen
of the United States. He is the subject of the
law. If he, as some corporations and citi-
zens, is the owner of a million acres of land
in one single body, covering square miles, are
he and his children forever to exclude every-
body from that? 01 course not; but if you
are to take his land from him, if it is his,
you must get his consent, unless you mean to
commit robbery, and of course you do not.
How are you to get his consent? Not by treaty
in the technical sense that the statute speaks
of it; not by proceeding with him as if he
were an independent nation or Power, but you
are to get it by a contiact.
If, theiefore, there are two thousand com-
mon owners of the territory now under con-
sideration, and the United States wish to obtain
it, they can obtain it by contract with the pro-
prietors in common, and it would not be a
treaty, in the technical sense, any more than
it would be if we desired to get the title ot
certain western men and certain eastern cor-
porations and capitalists over land owned by
them, not wholly in a square form, but still
greater in amount, than this, and we should
get it not by treaty, but by contract, which
would accomplish the same purpose.
But if my friend will pardon me, while I
am up, the question is not exactly how we are
to get this land; but assuming it, or it being
proved to be the land of the Indians, the ques-
tion is not how you are going to get it, but
whether you are going to take it against then'
will, whether you are going to commit rob-
bery on them because they are savages and
defenseless, which you would not dare to
commit against anybody else?
Mr. WINDOM. It is very well understood
here and throughout the country that this mat-
ter of Indian treaties is at an end, and i' ought
to have been ended long ago. The deputa-
tion of the statute read by my colleague simply
