1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1199
climate is too warm and congenial for such
cold, selfish monsters to exist. She is too
rich to produce and too poor to purchase so
poor a thing. She has some of the precious
metals, but none of the baser sort which take
the stamp of traitors. Her jewels are her
daughters, and as they cultivate the virtues
which give dignity, grace, and Christian hope
and confidence, so they rear their sons to love
truth, to love their country, to contend for the
right, and to die in defense of principle.
No, sir, the people of Virginia are not trai-
tors, nor is that large class of her citizens under
political disabilitiesby reason of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution " perjured
men," as asserted by the President in his
annual message to this Congress. I read, sir,
from the President's annual message (Exec-
utive Document No. 1, page 14 :)
" It may be said that the former violated an oath
which the latter did not. The latter did not have
it in their power to do so. If they had takon this
oath, it cannot be doubted they would have broken
it, as did the former class."
The former class here referred to embraces
every individual who held an office under the
Federal or State Government down to the year
1861; a class in my State which will compare
favorably with any set of men called to fill
posts of trust and responsibility in this or any
other country. Look to her judiciary. " The
noblest Roman of them all'' was given to this
Government. Who ever heard of a corrupt
Virginia judge? Look to her native-born
members of Congress. The door has yet to
be cut in this magnificent Caj>itol to let out
an expelled member from Virginia. Look to
the foreign ministers furnished to this Govern-
ment. Where was there one who ever betrayed
the trust confided to his keeping V
Sir, look to the Presidents, all of whom, with
the exception of General Washington, to their
honor and glory be it said, died poor men,
having less when their term of office expired
than when it commenced, but who contributed
to the wealth of their country by an example
of unselfishness and fidelity to duty. These
are the men and the sons of such of whom
the President says, "it may be said that the
f'oimer violated an oath." I deny, Mr. Speaker,
that one ol' the privileges of high position is
to insult and wound the feelings of those of
less importance, and less favored by chance,
accident, or political arrangement; and when
done, it only proves the uutitne3S of the party
for the office he holds.
Whether the parties charged by the Presi-
dent with having violated their oaths are guilty
or not remains an open question, and until a
court of competent jurisdiction passes upon it,
only represents differences of opinion; and,
while my people will submit to and carry out
in good faith the laws passed by Congress
and approved by the President, they do not
concede to the President or to the Republican
party the high censorship to pass judgment
upon their fidelity or infidelity to their moral
obligations.
Mr. Speaker, good sense and good taste, if
kind feelings are deemed of value in adminis-
tering the atfairs of this Government, suggest
that all odious and censorious terms should
be dismissed from the debates in this House.
The use of such display the unmanly spirit
of an exultant conqueror; they detract
from the dignity which should grace the delib-
erations of the American Congress. Stay
your charge of treason, and memory will not
light up the old homesteads rendered dear by
parental affection, the tombs of ancestors, the
playmates of youth, the fond wife, the smile
of the unconscious infant which went down to
dust and ashes at the blast of your bugle.
If there is much to remember, there is more
to be forgotten. Your victory gave you power.
Your people have grown rich. The congrat-
ulations of the world, which attend upon suc-
cess, are yours. What additional price, what
additional advantage, is to be found in pursu-
ing with .terms of infamy a depressed and dis-
tressed people, who have little left them bat
their capacity to think and to feel. Sir, men
are never won by abuse; they are by kind
words and sympathy. Silence the tongue of
censure, and the murmurings of discontent will
cease; and, having learned from war that we
are to have no more war, let us yield to the
judgment of Heaven, which counsels not only
peace, but good will to man, so that we may
exclaim, "Behold how good and joyful a
thing it is for brethren to dwell together in
unity."
I yield what remains of my time to the gen-
tleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Bird.]
the tariff.
Mr. BIRD. I desire to call the attention
of those members of the House who may honor
me with their attention to the subject of a
" free breakfast." Since this is the order of
the day, a little examination into the subject
will perhaps conduce to the benefit of the poor
people of this country. But a few days since,
this House, by a decided majority, voted to
repeal all the duties on tea and coffee. This
is claimed as being one important step toward
securing "a free breakfast." Although, for
the best interest of the people in my judg-
ment, considering the immense revenues to be
raised for the support of Government and the
advantages sought to be and too often ob-
tained by wealthy monopolists under the plea
of "protection to home industry," I voted
against the repeal, yet I accept the result as
an honest expression of the Representatives
of the people, and propose under this banner
of "a free breakfast" to march on to the
consideration of other interests which to the
minds of the generous have a greater or less
bearing on the same subject.
And thus, if revenue reform cannot be ac-
complished to the extent and in the manner I
desire, and as I think will best promote the
interests of the poor burdened tax-payer, and
answer the ends of good government, it will
in part. I have been prompted by the belief
that a genuine and practical reduction of the
tariff in the interests of labor would not be
effected, nor indeed seriously regarded by those
who in reality control legislation in Congress ;
but since many urge that we have taken a long
stride in the advance, and admit, as I have no
doubt, that the revenues should be reduced
many millions more, it occurred to my mind
that we could go on in the interest of the poor,
and without any doubt add to his comforts and
enjoyments a thousand-fold when he sits at his
breakfast sipping his tea and coffee. I was at
once impressed with the fact, or what I believe
to be a fact at least, that man's happiness does
not consist in the use of tea and coffee alone.
I think all will agree that by no art can these
gentle and exhilarating beverages be made a
substitute for fuel, light, lumber, knives and
forks, crockery-ware, cooking-stoves, and other
kitchen furniture; hats, pants, coats, vests,
shirts, shoes and stockings, calicoes, muslins,
spool-cotton, blankets, and many other import-
ant items.
Now, sir, since the House is in this favor-
able mood, I trust these aiticles last enum-
erated shall be reached also. If justly the
ear of the House has been open to the poor
laborer, mechanic, and farmer, let it not bo
closed until more ample though tardy justice
be done, by greatly reducing all if we cannot
repeal some of the heavy duties now resting
on so many of the articles consumed by them.
I hope this work will be pressed with the ut-
most zeal and judgment.
Mr. Speaker, thinking it desirable to move
right forward while the mind of the House
favors it, I concluded to inquire somewhat
closely into the nature of the taxes on the ma-
terial things that go to make up the tempo-
ral happiness and comfort of the American
laborer, find him where you will. Having
been hastily arranged, my thoughts will be per-
haps not very clearly expressed, but I trust
sufficiently so to lead to reflection and fortu-
nate results.
It is very desirable, I admit, that all tariff
duties should bo reduced to the minimum
standard, that all may be fed at as little ex-
pense as possible. Besides the tea and coffee
which are used by the poor man, I find in my
investigation of the subject that there is an
acid—some may say insignificant—which the
poor man also uses, which is extensively used
in manufacturing baking-powders—I mean
tartaric acid—used in making bread, which,
it is well understood, is quite as essential an
element of life and health and well-being as
tea or coffee. Now, this acid is taxed at the
rate of sixty-seven per cent, ad valorem; and
while the amount of duty received by the
Government on tea and coffee exceeds nine-
teen million dollars per annum, the amount of
duty received from this acid is $57,707 only.
Why, if we do not make this article free, should
we not rcduce very greatly the ad valorem
duties on it ? Manifestly it would result to the
benefit of the poor man, and cheapen his
breakfast. Who will regard that as insig-
nificant ?
Let the monopolists of the country answer.
They have in their own pockets, thanks to
their own ingenuity, a happy way of solving
these interesting problems, more satisfactory,
I admit, to themselves than to the poor man
when he comes to take his breakfast.
But if it be thought unworthy to consider the
duties on the acid mentioned, let me say then
in my further investigation I find that it is
necessary for the poor man and his family,
when they take their breakfast, to be clothed.
Now, if it is permissible for his wife or daughter
to wear an alpaca dress, I would ask why not
relieve alpaca of the onerous duty imposed on
it; or if it be not practicable to make it free,
why not reduce greatly the burden imposed
on it?
If this article can be bought in Europe for
seventeen and a half cents in gold per yard,
at New York the poor man, if he would clothe
his wife and daughter in it, would be obliged
to pay forty-five cents per yard. Now, I ask
the advocates of the repeal of the duty on tea
and coffee, if we should not put our shoulders
to the wheel and insist upon it that there should
be a great reduction on this particular article
also, the ad valorem duty on which to-day is
sixty-nine per cent. ? Would not a reduction
of one half this amount be in the interest of
the laborer without greatly reducing the actual
revenues of the Government?
What fairness or consistency is there in this
House insisting upon the maintenance of a
duty like this, when we want to give to the
poor man a cheap breakfast, and propose to
do it by simply relieving him of the duty on
tea and coffee? But, again, I find on further
investigation into this subject that it is useless
for the poor man to seek for a cheap breakfast
unless he can be protected from the cold dur-
ing the days and nights of these long winters,
and therefore it becomes us to ask what duty
is imposed on blankets. Shall he not be re-
lieved of this duty also? If we protect him
in his breakfast, if tea and coffee add to his
comfort during the day, will not blankets add
to his comfort during the night ?
Now blankets can be purchased in Europe
for sixty cents per pound; the ad valorem
duty is one hundred and fifty, and in New York
they cost $1 50 per pound—nearly two thirds
more than they can be purchased for in Eu-
rope. The amount consumed of this article
in this country is $18,000,000 worth; the whole
amount imported is only about nine thousand
dollars' worth. May I not ask, with great pro-
priety, why should we not also look to this
item; and if you would add to the comfort of
the poor man, do so by relieving him from the
burdens now imposed on the article of blank-
ets? Will it not become some gentleman to
ask a suspension of the rules on Monday next,
in order to instruct the Committee of Ways
