m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 12,
Senate.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Carpenter.
42  Cong 2d Sess.
the case we are now arguing. When we speak
of a case being on all fours, we mean in exact
identity as to essential elements. The imma-
terial circumstances may be different; the
essentials moat be the same.
Now, what is the principleof all those cases?
That in making an election the majority have
th° right to elect; but if they w'!l not, and do
not, and permit the minority „o do it, that
minority makes a good election. How does
thati,violate any principle of American law,
or how does it conflict with the theory of
American institutions? Are not the American
and English institutions, so far as this thing
is concerned, identical? Is it not the theory
of English law that a majority of electors should
and do elect a member of the House of Com-
mons ? Nobody ean question that; but if
they, having the right to do it, will not do it,
and permit the minority to do it, then the
minority man is to be seated. That principle
applies here as well as there.
The report then proceeds to say :
" There is also another very strong reason why the
English authorities relied upon by the memorialist
are not applicable in the present case, even if the
spirit and fundamental idea of our institutions were
insufficient to show this.
The third section of tho fourteenth amendment of
the Constitution, .which imposes the disabilities in
question, abo contemplates and provides for the
removal thereof by Congress. There is no such
feature in the English law."
I should like to ask my honorable friend
from Ohio what that meins. "There is no
such feature in the English law" as removing
a disability to hold office! Why, Mr. Presi-
dent, instead of there being no such feature,
there is no exception to the feature. There is
not a disability to day existing in England
that cannot be removed by an act of Parlia-
ment in an hour. Non-age is a disability.
Could not Parliament say that boys of fifteen
might sit in the House of Commons or hold
office ? It is only because Parliament has said
they must be twenty ■ one years of age that that
qualification becomes necessary. The dis
ability has been created by the law and can
be removed by the law. A statute wasin force
there some time ago that no man should hold
an office who had not partaken of the sacra-
ment in the Established Church of England
within one year. Could not another act of
Parliament repeal that act? What disability
of an Englishman cannot be removed by the
English Parliameut ? And why is it, and how
is it, and by what method of reasoning is the
distinction to be established here, because in
this case the disability may be removed, that
the English cases do not apply to it?
Why, Mr. President, what is the effect of
this provision in the Constitution authorizing
Congress to remove disabilities? It certainly
does not help the disabled man until Congress
removes the disabilities. These men say they
elected Vance knowing, that he was disquali-
fied. They knew the Constitution forbade
them to elect him, but they thought Congress
would intervene and take away the disability.
Suppose they did so believe; that would not
have entitled Vance to a seat, because the elec-
tion was void the very hour it closed, and could
not be validated by any subsequent act of an-
other government. Putting the case m the most
favorable light, the fact remains—and I invite
theattention of every Senator once more clearly
to this—that after you have said everything
you can say on behalf of the expectation which
that Legislature indulged in that Congress
would act, still my honorable friend must
admit that when these men cast their votes
for Vance they knew, as the fact and the law
then stood, that their votes were thrown away;
they knew that, as the law and fact then were,
the votes they cast for Vance might just as
well have been cast irv blank, or might just as
well have been thrown in the stove; and up
to the present moment of speaking those
votes which were cast for Vance are as void
of any effect, as utterly worthless and useless
to produce any effect as though they had been
thrown in the stove.
My honorable friend from New-York [Mr.
Coxkling] suggests this case: by the present
law a woman cannot be elected to the Senate ;
but. suppose the Legislature of some State be-
lieving that the Constitution would subse-
quently be amended so as to include female
suffrage and officeholding. should proceed
to. elect a female to the Senate, and she
should come up here and claim her seat on
the ground that the Constitution would be
amended by the people, could she hold on
and wait and if the amendment should happen
to be made three or four years after, then
claim her seat ?
I am not certain that the law at present
would prevent a female citizen from occupying
a seat here. But conceding that the law does
exclude females, the. illustration is an apt one.
Mr. President, it comes to this: those
men when they cast their votes for Vance,
knew they were casting them away, and there
is no escape from it, and they remain cast
away up to the present time.
Mr. HILL. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. CARPENTER. I want to get through
as soon as I can, and would prefer not to be
interrupted.
Mr. HILL. It is a very short question. I
ask the Senator if, before he examined the
English authorities himself, his own mind had
come to a positive conclusion of the right of
the applicant to a seat in this body under those
statutes? I ask him that with a view to show
that it was impossible that that Legislature
should know, because the Senator himself did
not know, good lawyer as he is.
Mr. CARPENTER. As it will not inter-
rupt the line of my argument any more, and
may be gratifying to the Senator to know, I
will tell him some things about myself that are
just as pertinent as the question he puts, and
two of those things are: I have been both
baptized and vaccinated, [laughter;] and at
one time of my life I did not know what the
law was upon any subject. I recollect that up
to about tB clve years of ag'e my mind was as
complete a blank in regard to what the law was
as any man's could be. [Laughter.] And I
do not profess now to any instinctive knowl-
edge of what it is or what anything is. I only
profess to know what I have investigated and
learned. Up to the time when I began to
investigate the law of this subject, I did not
know what it was, and I was laboring under
precisely the same impression that, I think, the
great majority of other men who have not ex-
amined it are laboring under, that the law was
against Mr. Abbott. But, sir, ignorance of
the law does not excuse.
If I commit murder, I cannot be permitted
to say I thought I "had a right to." If I
violate a statute or incur a penalty, it is no
defense to say, "True, I committed the act,
and I know it is forbidden by the statute, but
I hoped the Legislature would repeal the stat-
ute." This Legislature caDnot be permitted
to say that they voted for a person known to
be disqualified, but did so m the hope that
Congress would subsequently remove the dis-
ability, and make an election valid which was
void when made. The rights of Vance and
Abbott respectively, growing out of that elec-
tion, were fixed by the election, and vested the
moment the election was concluded. The
utmost that can be claimed in this direction
with any plausibility, in view of the law appli-
cable to the case, is that Vance was elected,
provided Congress should remove his dis-
abilities before the commencement of the term
for which he was elected, and if Congress
should not, then Abbott would be entitled to
serve for the term. This is the most favor-
able suggestion that can be offered on behalf
of Vance ; because without such action of Con-
gress the votes given for Vance would remain
ineffectual and void as they were when given ;
and Abbott having a majority of all the legal
votes cast, would be entitled to a seat on the
commencement of the term. In other words
the most favorable view of the case for Vance
is, that he would become entitled to a seat if
the disability should be removed, and that
Abbott would be entitled to a seat if the dis-
ability was not removed.
But even this principle, the soundness of
which I should doubt, would not prejudice
Abbott's claim, because the disability of Vance
has not been removed. I think this, however, is
conceding too much to the opposite argument.
The Legislature either did or did not elect
Vance on that day. If they did, then he is
entitled to his seat; from which it must follow
that, as Vance is not entitled to his seat, he
was not elected on that day, and no subsequent
act, except an election by the Legislature,
subsequent to the removal of his disabilities,
could entitle him to a seat in this body. As
the case stood that day Abbott had the highest
number of legal votes cast, and even conced-
ing that the effect of a subsequent removal of
Vance's disability would have been to make
the votes given for him valid, yet this effect
has not beeu produced, because his disability
has not been removed, so that the case remains
to-day as it was on that day; that is, in the
two houses of the Legislature, a quorum of
each house being present, and an election
being proceeded with, Abbott received the
highest number and a majority of all the legal
votes cast in both Houses.
Had the members of the Legislature believed
that Vance was eligible, although the fact had
been otherwise, or had they believed that
although Vance was disqualified by the four-
teenth amendment, yet that Congress had al-
ready removed his disability, though in fact
Congresshad not done so,then Vance would not
have been elected, but Abbott aould not have
claimed the election. But there was no mis-
apprehension as to the then existing facts of
the case. Vance was disqualified ; they knew
he was. His disqualification had not been
removed; they knew it had not. And the law
declares that the votes cast for Vance were
void, and that Abbott was entitled to the office;
and it is wholly immaterial whether the Sen-
ator from Georgia or myself knew what the law
was or not; or when either of us first learned
what the law upon that subject is.
Mr. HILL. I ojaly interrupted the Senator
because I thought in charity he ought not to
suppose that the Legislature of North Caro-
lina were as familiar with those English au-
thorities as he has made himself.
Mr. CARPENTER. Turning again to this
majority report, I read as follows :
" The English law in question does not obtain in
the United States, as is clearly shown from the fol-
lowing considerations:
" !\rzt. The judicial decisions are against it, there
being bat one decision which sustains it. namely, the
Indiana case of 14 Indiana, page 927, while^on
the other hand are the decisions in Maine, New
Jersey, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and California,
to which, your committee would refer, and Irom
which the following quotations are made," &c.
The report then refers to the case of the
State vs. Anderson, 1 Coxe, New Jersey
Reports, 318; State vs. Giles, 1 Chandler,
Wisconsin Reports, 112; State vs. Smith, 14
Wisconsin, 497; Commonwealth vs. Cluley,
66 Pennsylvania, 270-; Saunders vs. Hayes. 13
California; Whitmans. Maloney, 10 Califor-
nia, as establishing the opposite doctrine by
the American courts. If my strength does not
fail me, and the patience of the Senate is not
