mm
HIE'- COKfGKlgSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
and Means tQ bring in a bill for this particular
purpose ? Bed-ticking may be added to the
same category; the sanje remarks are appli-
cable. While this article can be purchased
in Europe for thirty-seven cents per yard, we
aye charged in New York city at wholesale
rates seventy cents per yard, because of the
ad valorem duty of forty per cent.
Now it may not be permitted to the poor
man to enjoy the luxury of bathing-towels.
It may be decreed that he must sweat on in
dirt and filth and rags because of the high
tariff and of the necessities of maintaining our
great monopolies. But these articles, if he
should choose to use them, which he may pur-
chase in Europe at three dollars a dozen, we
say to him he shall be charged seven dollars
for in New York. Our desire is to show our
patriotism by legislating in the interests of the
poor. There is one thing that our friends on
taoth sides of the House will coneur in, and
that is that calico is essential to the poor man's
interests and comforts. If you do not .compel
him to live in nakedness or rags, you cannot
carry him beyond or below the point of wear-
ing calico. Nothing is cheaper. Our law now
requires him to pay twenty and a half cents
per yard in New York for that kind of calico
which he might purchase in England for nine
and a half cents per yard, because of the ad
valorem duty now imposed upon all importa-
tions of this particular class of seventy-eight
per cent.
Let those who desire to harmonize the in-
terests of labor and capital join with me in
giving cheap clothing to the poor man's wife
and daughters, and we will iave made a
glorious advance.
I am enumerating a few items only. It
appears that cotton cloth in weight less than
five ounces per square yard maybe purchased
in Europe at seven and a half cents per yard,
but because of the ad valorem duty of thirty-
seven and one eighth cents the poor man has
to pay twelve or thirteen cents a yard in the
city of New York. The same kind of goods
bleached may be purchased in Europe for
seven cents per yard, but because of the duty
of forty-seven and five eighths per cent, the
poor man is required to pay fourteen and a
half cents per yard in the city of New York.
There are other items in the same category
which I propose to submit with my remarks.
There is an item of cotton spool-thread, the
tax upon which is a tax upon the poor, for to
them it is an absolute necessity, and it be-
comes us to inquire if we cannot to some
extent benefit the poor laboringmen and poor
needlewomen in this country, those who toil
from early in the morning until late at night, by a
large reduction of the enormous duties imposed
on cotton spool-thread. In Europe it may be
purchased for thirty cents per dozen spools;
but because there is a duty of seventy-five
cents ad valorem, we must pay from seventy
to eighty cents per dozen spools. If I under-
stand the wants of labor at all, the cry comes
up to us from every quarter for cheaper cotton
thread. Who will say that this branch of the
question does not appeal to us aa loudly and
forcibly as that of tea and coffee? How-can
the needlewoman earn her tea and coffee with-
out cheap thread? It may not be amiss to
inquire if some great monopoly interest does
not stand between the seamstresses of our land
and cheap thread; if so, I despair of relief, but
we will labor on.
I do not desire to repeat, but I ask again,
can we not safely make a reduction here, in
order that while we give the poor man a free
breakfast as to coffee and tea, we may also give
him an opportunity to clothe himself and his
i'amily with a moderate degree of respectabil-
ity at a greatly reduced rate? Mr. Speaker,
will you allow the poor man a carpet of the
commonest kind? Shall he be permitted to
tread softly upon his floor, or wiil you deprive
him, by your enormous duties, of even the
commonest ingrain carpet ? If you would
allow him to entertain his friends for even the
shortest period of time which in his poverty
and destitution he may desire to do, then I
ask you to consider the propriety of reducing
the duty upon ingrain carpets, so that the
article which may be purchased in the foreign
markets -for eighty cents a yard, may not cost
him here $1 40 a yard. I do not say that a
common ingrain earpet is a necessity, but
who would deprive the poor man of so slight a
comfort?
Mr. WHITTHORNE. Will my friend yield
to me for a word?
Mr. lillil). . I will yield for a question.
Mr. WHITTHO'RNE. A word first, and
then a question predicated upon it. I was one
of those here who voted the othfer day to put
tea and coffee upon the free list; and I may
be allowed to add that if I could do so I would
put every article upon the free list that it is
possible to put there. Now, sir, I concur in
what my friend from New Jersey [Mr. Bird]
«ays, and I will strike hands with him, and will
put the- poor man at the breakfast-table not
only with his teaand coffee free, but with his
hat, shoes, his clothing and blankets free; I
will join hands in that with him. Now I ask
the gentleman this question : if I cannot give
to the poor man all 1 could desire to give him,
shall I refuse to give him what I may or can do?
Mr. BIRD. I am exceedingly obliged to
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Wiiit-
thorne] for his inquiry. The question suggests
the very reason why I voted against repealing
the duties upon tea and coffee. It was because,
in my humble judgment, thereby there was an
effectual bar to the reduction of the duties
upon those items which are quite as essential
for the comfort and happiness of the poor
man.
Mr. WHITTHORNE. Will the gentleman
explain why?
Mr. BIRD. The votes given by the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Whitthorne] and
others, accomplished the very purpose which
the monopolists of this country have been
laboring and prayingfor fbrthe last ten years.
And they hope to carry this idea further, and
get us to reduce the duties upon sugar and
upon other commodities, so that there may be
no demand made for the reduction of the
duties upon iron, and upon all those particular
modifications of iron which enter into the con-
struction of our railroads, and which are used
by our mechanics, our blacksmiths and car-
penters, by our farmers in plowing and har-
rowing, in harvesting and wagoning, and one
great and vital purpose of the protectionists
has been accomplished.
Indeed, there was abundant proof of this in
the glee manifested in this House the other
day, when we were entrapped, as I think, upon
this side into this vote by the cry of "the poor
man's breakfast table." We deceived our-
selves and the country, if it is supposed that
a genuine work of reformation is seriously
contemplated. The protectionists desire to
allay agitation. They know that inquiry will
turn the public mind against them. Their
cry will be, " Have we not made teaand coffee
free?" And here, I fear, they will elose the
door against reform. Hence, I think it was a
fatal mistake for those who desire t<J benefit
the poor man in voting to place tea and coffee
on the free list, for the poor man can do without
his tea and coffee, but he cannot do without
bread; he cannot do without his cooking-stove;
he cannot do without his knife and fork; he
cannot do without clothing for himself and
family; he cannot do very well without his table
linen and his table ; he must have a house to
shelter him; in that house there must needs be
windows; he must have light. Yet all those
articles are heavily taxed; yes, very much
beyond the revenue standard, and to that
extent unfair and unjust to the poor laborer
of every class. - If tea and coffee may be
classed among the necessaries of life, how
much more salt, fuel, light, and clothing!
Will the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Wihmhorne] consider this important ques-
tion, and ask himself the result of the vote he
gave the other day? Why, sir, these Repub-
lican monopolists of this country will clasp
hands with him every-time he eomes up and
casts such a vote, and they will pronounce bim.
a clever enough gentleman for them. Never was
a greater charm to monopolists than when we
here voted to reduce the duty upon tea and
coffee. What was the amount of the burden
thereby imposed? At the utmost not over
fifty cents for each person in the eountry,
every penny of which goes into the Treasury
of the United States. Yet, upon the other
hand, where we may possibly obtain a dollar
for the Treasury from the duty imposed upon
iron, steel, and cotton and woolen goods in
their various modifications, we give three, and
in many instances perhaps four or five dollars
to the monopolists of the country.
I insist upon it that the greatest burden
comes from this direction; that no genuine
relief -will ensue until we reduce the tariff on
those articles which are taxed enormously
high simply to prevent foreign competition ;
and that such reduction" will not be tolerated
by the great monopolists of the country until
the last moment. In other words, it has be-
come apparent to the iron manufacturers and
to other great manufacturers that the revenues
of the G-overnment are now so great that the
people will not be satisfied without a reduction
of many millions. They at once begin to in-
quire what articles can be relieved from the
payment of duties besides those which they
manufacture. They insist upon it that the
pruning-knife must not be applied to their in-
terests. With great emphasis they tell us that
they are the salt of the country. Therefore,
to save these individual interests they urge the
repeal of the duties on tea and Coffee, striking
at once about nineteen million dollars from
the revenues of the country.
Sir, does not the statement of the case ex-
plain to the gentleman the real nature of the
interest exhibited by the protectionists ? Does
he not perceive that to the extent that other
articles yielding a large revenue are placed on
the free list, thereby approaching the amount
of reduction which all concede must be made,
to that extent the tariff on iron, steel, cotton
goods, and woolen goods will be left un-
changed ? Mr. Speaker, I arose for the pur-
pose of urging upon the attention of the
House the necessity of carrying on this work
of reform. If we cannot give the laborer a
free coat, is it not our duty to give him a
cheaper one? His coffee was taxed thirty and
seven eighths percent, and we have resolved to
remove that; his coat, though of the commonest
kind, is taxed forty per cent.; will he not rejoice
if we reduce that at least one half? Would he
not enjoy his "free breakfast" much more,
if he had shoes moderately taxed, instead of
thirty-five per cent., and a hat taxed twenty
per cent, instead of seventy? Shall we forget
that he pays a duty at the rate of at least one
hundred per cent, on salt? Can we not render
aim essential service by greatly reducing this
burden ; or when we come to that will there
be many who will turn their backs upon us?
Who will then cry "free breakfast?"
As the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Whitthorxe] rose to ask me another ques-
tion, I will, if he still desires to do so, give
him permission now.
. Mr. WHITTHORNE. I do not desire spe-
cially to ask a question, but if my friend will
indulge me in a remark or two I should be
glad, though I do not wish to trespass upon
the courtesy of himself or the House.
As I said before, Mr. Speaker, I am, by my
political faith, by all the political training
which I have received, against monopolies,
and I stand here to-day ready to cooperate
with every gentleman who may propose any
measure that will take off the burdens now
resting upon the tax-payer of the country. I
