9888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
RECONNOISSANCE OP ARIZONA AND NEVADA.
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported back the following concurrent
resolution of tile Senate; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That four thousand additional
copies of the reconnoissance of Arizona and Nevada
be printed in quarto form and bound, one thousand
copies of which shall be for the use of the Senate,
two thousand seven hundred and fifty copies for the
use ot the House ot Representatives, and two hun-
dred and fifty copies for distribution by the chief
of engineers United States Army.
ABSENCE OF A MEMBER.
Mr. STEVENSON". I desire to announce
that the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
is detained from the House to-day by indis-
position.
Mr. PERCE. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
motion ot' the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farksworth] that the House do now adjourn.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to; and the House (at four o'clock and
forty minutes p. m.) adjourned.
PKTITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. FORIvER: The petition of Robert
Sinnickson, requesting an amendment to sec-
tion two hundred and sixteen of the postal laws
of the United States.
By Mr. MERCUK: The petition of Henry
C. Lea, Henry C. Baird, William W. Harding,
and 22 others, publishers and booksellers of
the city of Philadelphia, praying the reen-
aetment of a law imposing a specific duty by
weight on books.
By Mr. PLATT: The petition of steamship
owners and others, for building two light-
houses on James river, Virginia.
_ By Mr. PARKER, of Missouri: The peti-
tion of 0. E. Paul, publisher and editor of
the Andrew County Republican, at Savannah,
Andrew county, Missouri, asking a modifica-
tion of the law in regard to the transmission
through tbe mails of newspapers and period-
icals by publishers.
By Mr. ROGERS, of North Carolina: The
petition of Josiah Turner, jr., praying an act
of Congress regulating the selection of jurors
in the Federal courts.
By Mr. SLOSS : Resolutions adopted by a
public meeting of citizens of Walker county,
Alabama, asking for prompt action by Con-
gress in granting public lands to aid in the con-
struction of the Elyton, Corinth, and Tennes-
see River railroad.
Also, tbe memorial of W. II. Key, president
of the North Alabama Agricultural and
Mechanical Association, the directors of said
association, and other citizens of Lauderdale
county, Alabama, asking Congress for an
appropriation to adyance the science of
meteorology.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 27, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. Newman,
D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of the proceedings of Saturday last.
Mr. COLE. I suppose nobody wants to
hear the Journal read, and I should like to
have the fortification appropriation bill taken
up. subject to the morning business.
Mr. POOL. I ask the Senator from Cali-
fornia to give way to me 
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Iwillinquire
if the reading of the Journal has been fin-
ished ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not quite.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I prefer
that it should bo read through.
The Secretary resumed, and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
Mr. POOL. I now move that the Senate
take up House bill No. 2192.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from North Carolina asks unanimous consent
that the bill (H. R. No. 2192) to establish a
western judicial district in North Carolina be
taken up, subject to the morning business. Is
there objection ? The Chair hears none, and
the bill is taken up.
JOHN POTTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 908) for the
relief of John Potts, chief clerk of the War
Departmen t.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to substitute for the bill the following
words:
That the sum of $2,000 be paid to John Potts,
chief clerk of the War Department, for services as
disbursing cleik, at the ra.te of $200 per annum, from
the 15th of February, 1861, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Provided,
That it shall be lawful hereafter to pay for such
services at such rate, whether such clerk shall have
been appointed from class four, or from a higher
grade, any existing law to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I move to
concur in the amendment of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
J. W. PARISH AND COMPANY.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 159) conferring
upon the Court of Claims power to hear and
determine the claim of J. W. Parish & Co.
for damages, for the alleged violation of their
qontract with the United States for the de-
livery of ice.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to add to the bill the following:
Resulting solely from the violation of the con-
tract in tho refusal of the Government to receive
the entire thirty thousand tons named in said con-
tract.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate con-
cur in the amendment of the House.
Tbe motion was agreed to.
D JAY BROWN.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 197) for the
relief of the widow of D. Jay Brown, deceased.
The CbiefClerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out the words "and for alleged
losses in consequence of his recall at the expi-
ration of one year from his appointment."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have the
bill read with that amendment, so that we
uiay understand it.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
That there is hereby appropriated thesura of 8250,
which sum the Secretary of the Treasury is directed
to pay, out ot any moneys not otherwise appropri-
ated, to the widow of D. Jay Brown, intull compen-
sation for the claim made by thedeceased against the
United States for services rendered as their agent m
visiting various partsof JSurope to collect informa-
tion on the production, manufacture, and commerce
of tho flax and wines of that country, and to obtain
seeds, cuttings, <fcc., under instructions from the
Commissioner of the Patent Office dated April 16.
1861.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate con-
cur in the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
DISTRICT PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 299) amending
an act entitled "An act directing the convey-
ance of a lot of ground for the use of the
public schools of the city of Washington."
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before
the Senate the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 298) direct-
ing the conveyance of certain lots of ground,
with the improvements thereon, for the use of
the public schools in the city of Washington.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that those bills,
with the amendments of the House, be referred
to the Committee on the Districtof Columbia.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on
Claims:
A bill (H. R. No. 2885) for the relief of
John Milone, postmaster at Uhrickville, Ohio ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1902) for the relief of
David Sergeant;
A bill (H. R. No. 2886) for the relief of
Margaret Fillebrown;
A bill (H. R. No. 2887) for the relief of
William Johnson, of Ripley county, Indiana ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2890) for the relief of
Dwight J. McCann ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2888) for the relief of
Simeon Stansifer;
A bill (H. R. No. 2889) to refund to Silas
F. Field certain moneys belonging to him ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1310) for the relief of
George W. Sturtevant;
A bill (H. R. No. 2893) for the relief of
Mary Love;
A bill (H. R. No. 2212) for the relief of
Alonzo Snyder, of Livingston county, New
York;
A bill (H. It. No. 2908) to refund to Thomas
C. Magruder certain moneys stolen from him
in 1859:
A bill (H. R. No. 2894) for the relief of
Nicholas Jos6 Merriinet;
A bill (H. R. No. 2900) for the relief of
S. D. Cochran;
A bill (H R. No. 2259) for the relief of
James M. Hagar;
A bill (H. LI. No. 2895) for the relief of the
owners of the schooner Robert Corson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2896) for the Alief of
Frances A. Robinson, administratrix of the
estate of John M. Robinson, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 1383) for the relief of
James McGinnis;
A bill (II. R. No. 289.7) for the relief of
C. C. Spaids;
A bill (H. R. No. 40) for the relief of Joseph
A. Clay, of Philadelphia;
A bill (H. R. No. 2898) for the relief of
John W. Phelps, of Vermont;
A bill (H. R. No. 2902) for the relief of the
estates of Abel Gilbert and William Gerrish,
late copartners in business under the style of
Gilbert, & Gerrish;
A bill (H R. No. 2909) for the relief of
Joseph L. Heywood and others ;
A bill (IT. R. No. 2903) for the relief of
James F. Casey, collector of the port of New
Orleans;
A bill (H. R. No. 2904) for the relief of
George Reber;
A bill (H. R. No. 2905) for the relief of
John McMath;
A bill (H. R. No. 2906) for the relief of
John II. Norman and Samuel Facer, of San-
dusky, Ohio;
A bill (IT. R. No. 1382) for the relief of
Alexander McArthnr, of the city of Corunna,
in Lhe State of Michigan;
A bill (H. R. No. 2907) for the relief of
the Omaha National Bank:
A bill (H. R. No. 21G2) for the relief of T.
P. Robb, of Savannah, Georgia ;
A bill (II. R. No. 2373) for the relief of
Edwaid C. Garlick ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2910) for the relief of
Orville J. Jennings ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2911) for the relief of
Moritz Augenstein ; and
A bill (II. R. No. 2892) for the relief of
John Clinton, of Brownsville. Tennessee.
The bill (H. R. No. 400) for the relief of
Jane Allen Birckhead and Virginia Camp-
bell, sole heirs at-law of Alexander Watson,
deceased, was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill will
