2096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
expresses what I believe to be the almost
unanimous opinion of both Houses of Con-
gress, that no more of these treaties should be
made; that the Indians should be recognized
as the wards of the Government, controlled by
its laws; and I have no doubt such will be the
policy hereafter.
Now, sir, so far as this territory is concerned,
as I said before, these Indians have no shadow
of title to it except this mere roaming pos-
sessory title for I do not know how many
years. I ask whether the Senate is willing to-
day to forever give over this territory as a
hunting-ground simply because these Indians
desire or may desire it—I do not think they
do—but because there is a technicality which
prevents white settlers from going upon it.
The only reason why the provision which pre
vents this was inserted is given in the treaty
itself, arlicle nine:
"And it being desirable that no encouragement be
afforded them to rely upon the ehtiso as a means of
subsistence, no person will be permitted to trade
upon either of the reservations nor within the limits
of the land claimed by said bands as designated in
the second article of this treaty.'*
Now, sir, why are white settlers excluded
from this territory? Simply that the Indians
may not be induced to roam over it. The only
claim they have is to exclude white persons,
and that exclusion is made for the purpose of
holding out no inducement to the Indians to
roam over it.
The Senator says they have granted the right
of way by this treaty across this territory, and
argues from that lhat they have a right to it. If
the Indians owned ibis territory why did they
take from the Government the cession of two
small reservations, one at the north and one
at the south end of itV If the whole of it
belonged to them, if they really claimed the
whole ot it or understood that they had a right
to the whole of it, why did they accept from
the Government a permanent reservation of
part of their own territory as provided in this
treaty ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas and
nays upon it.
Mr. COLE. Is it too late to move to amend
the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us try it on the flat
question first.
Mr. COLE. I move to strike out the second
section. That seems to me to be the most objec-
tionable section in the amendment. It author-
izes a commission to go and estimate the value
of these lands with the idea that the Govern-
ment is afterward to pay for them. They are
to ascertain facts by which the amount is to
be found, which amount is afterward lo be in-
vested or disposed.of for the welfare and true
interests of these bands of Indians. If this
territory is so extensive as has been stated, to
wit, one hundred miles by two hundred miles,
and of the value represented, we shall find
ourselves here under a claim against the Gov-
ernment, by virtue of to-day's legislation,
amounting in all probability to millions of dol-
lars. If the land is worth only ten cents an
acre, it would amount, I should say, to several
million dollars ; I do not know how many.
I disagree with my colleague on the com-
mittee, the Senator from Vermont, as to the
right of these Indians to this vast territory.
I believe that it belongs first to the Govern-
ment of the United States, and primarily to
the white people of the United States who
are willing to go upon the lands and improve
and cultivate them, and not to these roaming
savages who would make no use whatever of
them. I should like lo see the second section
stricken out, and then I would support the
amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand my
colleague to wish to put it on this bill ?
Mr. COLE. I wish to have it amended
first. I do not want to put it on this bill par-
ticularly, but I desire the second section to be
stricken out.
Mr. WINDOM. I hope that section will
not be stricken out, because it is the provision
which is intended to prevent any injustice
whatever being done to these Indians. The
Indian Committee, which is supposed to look
as carefully after the interests of the Indians
as any other committee in this body, have
unanimously, I think, agreed to this amend-
ment, and they have provided this section as
a means of doing justice to the Indians if they
have any claims there. All the claim they
have is the right to exclude white settlers
from certain portions of it, and whatever that
is worth to them they ought to have. I hope
it will not be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California to the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If this act of gross in-
justice is to be perpetrated, then, of course,
the second section ought to stand. If .we are
to take this property from these people against
their will and devote it to the uses of a rail-
road corporation, who now are not entitled to it,
and the people whom the building of railways
may bring in, or may have already brought
in where this right of way is to be granted,
then by all means we ought to do the justice,
if you can call it justice, we ought to make the
amende, if you can call it an amende, of pro-
viding some way of making compensation to
the Indians. So that I hope the second sec-
tion will not be stricken out. •
In the next place, if this land, to which now
no railroad company or anybody else has any
right except the right to go through it, is to be
taken from these Indians, then it ought to be
taken for the benefit of homestead and pre-
emption settlers and for private purchasers,
and let those to whom we have made land
grants for the building of railroads take their
lands in the places where at the time we made
the grants they were entitled to take them. So
that if this amendment is to pass, the first sec-
tion ought to be amended by providing, not
that the lands shall be subject to the existing
laws applicable to public lands, which is to say,
to exi-sting land grants, but by providing that
they shall be subject to preemption and entry,
and sale to private purchasers uuder existing
laws, and for no other purpose.
But, Mr. President, before these amend-
ments are made, in order to test the sense of
the Senate on putting on an appropriation bill
this proposition and doing this act of injustice,
I move to lay the amendment on the table.
Mr. BLAIR. On that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Cole,
Conkling, Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds,
Fenton, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton
of Texas, Hamlin, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Norwood, Robertson, Sawyer, Sprague, Viek-
ers, and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Caldwell, Corbett, Ferry of
Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock,
Howe, Kelly, Nye, Obnrn, Pratt. Ramsey, Stewart,
Tipton, Windom, and Wright—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Casseriy, Chan-
dler, Clayton, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky. Ferry of
Connecticut,Flanagan, (Joldthwaite, Johnston, Kel-
logg, Lewis, Logan, Morton, Patterson, Pomeroy,
Pool, Rice, Saulabury, Schurz, Scott, Sherman,
Spencer, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman,
Trumbull, and West—34.
So the amendment was laid on the table.
Mr. HARLAN". Iam directed by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs to offer the following
amendment, to come in at the olose of the first
section :
For the purpose of enabling the Secretary of the
Interior to pay to the parties entitled there to the
balances due the creditors of the Upper and Lower
bands of Sioux Indians, on account of supplies fur-
nished said Indians prior to the 3d day of Decem-
ber, 1860, $65,812 47, orso much thereof as the Secre-
tary of the Interior may find to be justly due after
an examination of the various items thereof.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I hope the chairman
of the Committee on Indian Affairs will ex-
plain that amendment. That is a very large
sum to be appropriated without a full explana-
tion.
Mr. RAMSEY. These claims arise under
a treaty made with the principal bands of the
Sioux Indians in the year 1858; I think on
the 19th of June, 1858. Upon that occasion
the Indians recognized their indebtedness and
desired that provision should be made in the
treaty for its liquidation. The traders who
were present were unable to fix the specific
and certain sum. It was approximated to as
nearly as it could be, and §70,000 fixed in the
treaty for the payment of this indebtedness.
The accounts were examined carefully, as is
usual in such cases, by the proper officers
from the Indian agent up to the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs himself, and the claims were
approved; but the $70,000 did not fully com-
pensate nor fully extinguish the indebtedness.
The Indians on two subsequent occasions rec-
ognized this indebtedness and desired its pay-
ment, and the. Secretary of the Interior, on
the 13th of June, 1870, addressed a communi-
cation to Congress, which I shall be very glad
to have the Secretary read.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, June 13, 1870.
Sir: On the 19th day of June, 1858, treaties were
concluded between the United States and the upper
and lower bands of Sioux Indians in Minneeota.
Each of these two treaties, in the third article, con-
tains a stipulation that an amount not exceeding
470,000 shall be paid out of the proceeds of the sale
of the lauds mentioned m the second article of said
treaties to satisfy the just debts and obligations of
said Indians.
The treaties were negotiated in this city, and sev-
eral of the creditors ot the Indians were present.
The different bands weredesirous that all their obli-
gations should be canceled, and the sum named in
the third article of the treaties wa.s based upon an
estimate which, at that time, was thought to besufii
cient to cover all demands that might be made
against them; but upon an examination ot the
accounts, which, alter examination and abatement
by the Indian department, were allowed, it was
ascertained that alter the payment of the amount
provided by the treaty to satisfy the indebtedness
of the Indians at ihu date of the treaties a balance
of $57,616 35 remained against them.
In 1862 the Indians, parties to the treaties, com-
menced hostilities against the citizens of the United
States, known as the Sioux Indian mas^aeie, which
resulted m the abrogation of all treaties with the
Sioux, their removal from the reservations m the
State of Minnesota, and the confiscation of their
annuities.
There is also due by the lower bands of Sioux
Indians the sum of $8,196 12, being a balance of
claims against them arising subsequent to the treaty
of 1858.
Mr. Secretary Smith, on the 31st day of May, 1861,
after a consideration of the subject, directed the
payment ot the debts of the Indians to the extent
named in the treaties, namely, $140,000, wnich
amount was to be paid, pro rata, to the claimants in
full satisfaction of all demands against them.
The money was accepted by tne creditors under
£rotest, and application was afterward made to the
'epartment for the balance due by the Indians,
and it appears that Mr. Secretary Usher was inclined
to direct the payment of the same, but there was no
appropriation within the control of this Department
applicable thereto.
In the treaty of 19th February, 1867, with the
Sioux Indians, (upper bands,) provision was made for
the payment of the balances due by them to their
traders; but the Senate struck out of said treaty
articles six to fourteen, inclusive, which embraced
the provision referred to, and the matter has since
that time remained unacted on.
The parties to whom the balances are due are now
applying to be paid.
An examination of the case satisfies me that the
claims are probably just and should be paid; but
there are no funds at the disposal of this Department
that could be applied to their payment.
I therelore respectfully invite the attention of
Congress to the propriety of making an appropria-
tion to meet these claims, for which the sum of
$65,812 47 would be necessary, to enable the Secre-
tary of the Interior to pay to the parties entitled
thereto the balances due the creditors of the upper
and lower bands of Sioux Indians, on accoui.t of
supplies furnished said Indians prior to the 3d day
oi December, 1860.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
J. D. COX, Secretary.
Hon. James G. Blaine,
tijJiaker of the House of Itepreventatives.
