1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2993
ing commissioners to inquire into depredations
on the frontiers of the State of Texas ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 141) to amend
the resolution for the relief of James Keenan,
late consul at Hong Kong, China, approved
February 18, 1867.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. 0. E. Babcock, his Secretary,
announced that the President had yesterday
approved and signed an act (S. No. 1014) to
amend an act entitled "An act to authorize
the construction of a bridge across the Mis-
souri river at or near St. Joseph, Missouri,"
approved March 5, 1872.
The message also announced that the Pres-
ident had this day approved and signed the
following acts:
An act (S. No. 856) granting a pension to
Eliza Whiting;
An act (S. No. 878) granting a pension to
the minor children of Amanda M. Kitchey;
An act (S. No. 879) granting a pension to
Mary Armstrong;
An act (S. No. 894) granting a pension to
the minor children of EYederick F. Dayton,
deceased;
An act (S. No. 989) granting a pension to
John Carbaugh. a private of company A, forty-
sixth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers; and
An act (S. No. 954) granting a pension to
William Hutchison,' minor son of Joseph
Hutchison, deceased.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in obedience to the requirements
of the act of Congress of February 22, 1867,
the report of the inspector of the national
■ cemeteries for the years 1870 and 1871; which
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
message pjtom tub house.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the bill (S. No. 988)
to provide homes lor the Pottawatomie and
absentee^ iSliawnee Indians in tiie Indian ter-
ritory, with amendments; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills ; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate :
^ A bill (H. R. No. 1469) to authorize the
Secretary ot the Interior to open negotiations
with the Indian nations, tribes, or individuals,
tor the purpose of commuting all annuities
now payable in kind, arid to report his doings
to Congress for its adoption, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1585) to abolish the tribal
relations ot the Miami Indians, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1914) to authorize the
secretary ot the Interior to negotiate with the
chiefs and head-men of the Shoshone and
Bannock tribes of Indians for the relinquish-
ment of a portion of their reservation in
Wyoming Territory;
A bill (H. R. No. 2334) to confirm to the
ireat and Little Osage Indians a reservation
"i the Indian territory ; and
A- bill (H. R. No. 2623) to provide for the
removal of the Flathead and other Indians
ja? B'tter Root valley, in the Territory
of Montana.
elbctron cn louisiana.
l ^rj ^^^LOGG. Before the doors are
closed 1 ask that Senate bill No. 58, contain-
ing only six lines, be read. The last proviso
tne only portion the committee have left;
w e rest, they strike out.
nf ^PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fjbbbt,
Michigan, in the chair.) The Senator from
^ks unanimous consent to consider
Tu by him. Its title will be read,
fiftf ^HIEF. Clerk. It is the bill (S. No.
) to prescribe the time for holding the elec-
42d Cong. 2d Sess.— No. 188.
What is the motion in
tion for electors of President and Vice Pres-
ident in the State of Louisiana, and for other
purposes. The Committee on Privileges and
Elections report the bill with an amendment to
strike out all after the enacting clause down
to and excepting the proviso at the end of the
second section 
Mr. CASSERLY.
regard to that ?
Mr. KELLOGG. I have asked that the
bill be taken up, and the bill is taken up and
before the Senate. I ask that it be now con-
sidered. I do not think there will be any objec-
tion to it.
Mr. CASSERLY. That bill will lead to
considerable debate. I do not know anv rea-
son why the State of Louisiana should be made
to differ from the other States of this Union as
to the day of holding the presidential election.
Mr. KELLOGG. After the bill is read
I will 
Mr, CASSERLY. I thought we had voted
to go into executive session, and I desire to
say. though not with auy special reference to
this business, that I can conceive of no time
more unfit for Senators to bring forward
important measures here, than after we have
voted to go into executive session, and before
the doors are actually closed. I was com-
pletely taken by surprise when 1 heard the
title of this bill read from the desk, which
brought to my attention the character of the
bill. _ It is a very important, bill in some of its
bearings, and ought to be discussed before it
is passed.
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well. There are
only six lines of the bill. If the Senator
objects I will not insist upon it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I object now in advance.
I have read it, and I suppose it has not been
changed since I read it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
i will observe to the Senator from California
| that the bill was to be read subject to objec
tion, not waiving the right any Senator had to
object.
Mr. CASSERLY. But I understand the
Senator from Louisiana to be pressing it to its
passage.
Mr. KELLOGG. I do request if there is
no objection that it be passed. I asked that
the bill be read subject to objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order
was that the bill should be read subject to
objection by any Senator. Does the Senator
from California persist in his objection to the
reading of the bill?
Mr. CASSERLY. The Chair will pardon
me. I was not impeaching anything that, had j
been done by the Chair in the slightest degree. !
1 was simply speaking of the only thing I :
heard, that is, the action proposed by the Sen- ;
ator from Louisiana. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill i
will be read subject to object'on. i
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. CASSJiRLi. Now, I should like to j
inquire from the Chair, or fiora some Senator I
who has had experience, how it happens that I
after having voted to go into executive ses-
sion we are still sitting here in open session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
stated that if there was no objection the bill
would be taken from the table and read, sub-
ject to objection, as it. had been customary to
do ; and the Chair heard no objection to that.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask that the order of
the Senate to go into executive session be
enforced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor objects by demanding that the order be
executed. The Sergeant-at-Arms will clear
the gallery and close the doors.
executive session
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business. After two
hours spent in executive session, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 2, 1872.
The House met at eleveu o'clock a m
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
bed of beaver lakk.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take
from the Speaker's table the message of the
Senate asking for a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes on a bill (S. No. 616) to
release to the State of Indiana the lands known
as the bed of Beaver lake, in Newton county,
in said State, which has been returned to the
House with the amendments of the House dis-
agreed to, and a request for a committee of
conference. I move that the request of the
Senate for a committee of conference be
agreed to.
There was no objection ; and the motion wag
agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed, as managers of
such committee on the part of the House,
Mr. Townsexd of Pennsylvania, Mr. Dtokell,
and Mr. McCormick, of Missouri.
correction.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I am recorded as
absent on the qufcotiorx of adjournment which
was_ taken by yeas and nays at the evening
session yesterday. I was present and voted
in the affirmative and desire that my name shall
be so recorded.
There was no objection ; and the correction
was accordingly made.
The SPEAKER. The fact that the Journal
does not record the gentleman finm Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Buffixtox] as voting on any
yea and nay call is sufficient evidence that it
is not correct. He is always present.
madison jjiijkary association, iowa.
Mr. MeCRARY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a resolution which was objected
to the other day, but on examination the ob-
jection is now withdrawn and I do not, believe
there will be any further objection to it.
Mr. DAWES. 1 will not object if the res-
olution does riot give rise to debate. If it does
j, give rise to debate I hope the understanding
| will be that the resolution will be withdrawn.
Mr. MeCRARY. I do not think the reso-
i lution wili give rise to debate.
| The Clerk read as follows:
j Whereas there is due to Hon. Daniel J?. .Miller, for
; expenses incurred by him in pi osecutmg his claim
[ to a seat in the Ilou.se from the lirst diftiiet of Towa
j in 1850. the sum of $1,000, allowed by vote of the
: Houhe ot' Representatives ot July 29, 1850; and
i whereas the said Miller has assigned his claim tor
said sum to the Madison Library Association, nt-
; uated at Fort Madison, Lee county, Iowa, and has
1 requested that the same be p.-id in public docu-
1 ments: Therefore,
j Jlenolvrd, That the Clerk of the Hou.-e of Repre-
! sentativetN he, and he is herebv, directed to furnish
| to the said Madison Library Association public
j documents of the value ot $1,000. including one com-
; plete set of the Congressional Globe, to be paid out
j of the contingent Jund of the House.
1 The preamble and resolution were agreed to.
! Mr. MeCRARY moved to reconsider the
! vote by which the preamble and resolution
were agreed to ,* and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid ort the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
supply of arms to montana.
Mr. COBURN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. £To. 2ot>7j to authorize
the issue of a supply of arms to the authorities
of the Territory of Montana, with leave to
report at any time, to report the same back
with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. KERR. Has the morning hour begun ?
The SPEAKER. It has not. This is a priv-
ileged report.
'i'he bill was read. Tt instructs the Secre-
tary of' War, without delay, to cause one
thousand effective breech-loading riiled mas*
