1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
305
II. "How many buunty-land warrants bave been ,
issued to soldiers of the war of 1812, and under what !
law; and, as near as conveniently practicable, in
what years were they issued ?"
To give the figures accurately under the headings
• desired would require a large fores of clerks and
longer time than appears to iiave been anticipated.
I have therefore made, very hastily, an approxim-
ation to what has been requested.
Number of warrants issued to soldiers of 1812, under
the—
Act of 1812..,  29,000
Act of September 28,1850  22,500
Act of March 3,1855 129,500
Total..
..181,000
III. '' How many bounty-land warrants have been
issued to widows of soldiers in the war of 1812?"
Under the act of September 28, 1850 14,850
Under the act of March 3,1855 67,340
Total 82,190
To give the years in which the above warrants were
issued would involve more time than I am permit-
ted to take. I can merely state that in the few years
immediately following the passage of each act, the
great maj ority of warrants under the same w as issued.
IV. "IIow many persons served in the Indian
wars of the Northwest, commencing with the battle
of Tippecanoe, and what was the length of service ?"
The necessary data to reply to this question not
being in my possession, it has been referred to the
Adjutant General. On receipt of his reply a supple-
mental report touching this point will be made.
V. "How many bounty-land warrants have been
issued to the soldiers, and to the widows of soldiers
in that Indian war ?"
To give the information desired would require an
examination of nearly the whole work of the divis-
ion—an undertaking of almost impracticable mag-
nitude. I therefore omit an answer to this question
unless further requested by the honorable committee.
VI. "How many pensions have been granted
under the law passed at the last Congress giving
pensions to thesoldiers of the war of 1812?"
Survivors' pennons granted under the act of Feb-
ruary 14, 1871, to December 31,1871  10,371
Widows' pensions granted under the same act
during that period    1,349
Total 11,720
VII. "How many applications have been made
for pensions under that law by soldiers; by widows
of soldiers?"
Applications for pensions received under the act
of ITebruary 14, 1371, to December 31, 1871:
Survivors  26,058
Widows  7,783
Total  33,841
VIII. "What number of pensions will probybly
be granted upon the applications now on file in your
Department under the law; and what are your
reasons for your estimate of the number?"
Of 26,058 claims filed under the act of February
14,1871, bv survivors of the war o'"1812. 11,482 were
adjusted from the organization of the division, May
1,1871, to December 31,1871. Of these, 10,371 were
admirted and 1,111 were rejected, or 10.7 per cent, of
the disposals. It is our experience in this class of
claims, that the percentage of rejections gradually
enlarges as time elapses. An estimate made on the
15th of Octobcr, shows but 8.1 per cent, of disposals
rejected to that date. From observation touching
this point, and the operation of legitimate causes,
such as an increase in the number of claims abated
by reason of the death of claimants, &c., I am led to
believe the average proportion of rejections in sur-
vivors' cliims will be one sixth of the whole num-
ber. Assuming tins to be correct, of the 26,058 claims
filed to the eiose of last year 4,514 will be rejected,
and 21.544 will be admitted ti> pensions.
Of 7,783 chums filed by the widows of soldiers
during a corresponding period, 1,730 had been ad-
judicated up to the 31st ultimo. Of these 381 were
rejected, and 1,319 admitted: showing the percent-
age of rejection? to be 23.2. In these claims we also
find an increase in the ratio of rejections to admis-
sions, as we piogress in our work, but not in as great
a degree as in the survivors' claims. ^
Assuming thirty-three and one third per cent, as
the average proportion that will be rejected of 7,782
applications on file, 5,189 will be granted pensions
and 2,594 will be rejected.
Uniting these classes, and we will have a total ot
admitted claims of 26,733.
It is'proper to add tnat this office has estimated
the number of persons probably entitled to tho ben-
efits of the act of Kehmary 14,1871, at the date of
its passage to be 40,133, thus leaving 6,292, less the
number who have deceased since that date, yet to
apply. Thet-e applications are still being received
at an average daily rate of twenty-six, as shown by
the receipts during the month of December.
Very respectfully,
J. H. BAKER, Commissioner.
Hon. C. W. Willard, Chairman Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions and War of 1812, present.
BAUK ALICE TARLTON.
Mr. TWICHELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 71)
authorizing the American register of the Dutch
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 20.
bark Alice Tariton ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
dkake's patent fuse.
Mr. HOAR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 879) authorizing the
Secretary of War to purchase Drake's patent
fuse ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
officers of new york custom-house, etc.
Mr. SLOCUM. I ask unanimous consent, to
offer the following resolution of inquiry.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to inform this House whether or not the
con due l of the pi incipal officers of the custom-house
at New York, and the collectors and assessors of
internal revenue in nearly all the districts of the
State of New York, in absenting themselves from
their duties and visiting Albany for the purpose of
influencing the action of the State Legislature in its
organization is consistent with the civil service pol-
icy recently adopted by the Treasury Department,
and avowed to be the policy of the present Adminis-
tration ; and if such conduct is not deemed consist-
ent with said policy, whether such officers, or any of
them, have beep reprimanded or in any manner
punished for their offense.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
increaskof pensions.
Mr. SESSIONS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 880) allowing totally
disabled soldiers and seamen increased pen-
sions; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
captain alonzo j. marsii.
Mr. SESSIONS also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 881) restoring Captain Alonzo J. Marsh
to his position in the Army, and providing that
he be honorably mustered out the service as
of the date of the muster out of his regiment;
which was readafirst and second time, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
CATlIltON AND MAGUIIUS
Mr. DU BOSE, by unanimous consent,intro-
duced a bill (H. R.'No. 882) relieving Cathron
& Maguire, bankers and brokers of the city of
Rome, Georgia, from the payment of internal
revenue taxes ; which was read a first and
second time, and, with the accompanying
papers, referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
UltHAT AND L1TTLK WABASH RIVERS
Mr. CRBBS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 883) for the improve-
ment of the Great Wabash river, and for a sur-
vey of the Little Wabash river ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee ®n Commerce.
BOUNTIES TO COLORED SOLDIIIHS.
Mr. PLATT, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be requested to inquire into the propriety of so
amending existing laws for the payment of bounties
to colored soldiers as to permit the payment of
bounties to men who were slaves at the time of en-
listment, under the same rules and regulations as
govern the payment of bounties to other soldiers of
the late war.
PENSIONS
Mr. PLATT also, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to ;
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be requested to inquire into the expediency of -u
amending existing pension laws as to permit pen-
sions to be paid to the widows of soldiers of the war
of 1812, married during the time of service of said
soldiers, but after enlistment.
amendment op the rules.
Mr. POLAND. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution for reference
to the Committee on the Rules :
Resolved, That every resolution calling upon tho
President or the head of any Department for lruorui-
ation tobe laid before Congress shall first be referred
to the appropriate committee, and all committees
are authorized to report such resolutions at any
time.
Mr. WOOD. I object to that.
Mr. POLAND. I only ask that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on the Rules.
Mr. WOOD. 1 do not object to its refer-
ence, but I do object to its adoption.
The resolution was received by unanimous
consent, and referred to the Committee on the
Rules.
outfit of men in the navy.
Mr. NEGLEY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 884) authorizing an
outfit of clothing to men in the Navy; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
election contest boles vs. edwards.
Mr. McCRARY presented the petition and
affidavit of Hon. John Edwards in the con-
tested-election case of Boles vs. Edwards;
which were referred tar the Committee of Elec-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
jail in the district of columbia.
Mr. CHIPMAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Reiolveti, That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to communicate to this House such inform-
ation as he may possess relative to the legislation of
Congress with regard to the construction of a jail for '
the District of Columbia, and his action, or that of
his predecessors, or other persons, pursuant thereto ;
and that he also communicate to this House inform-
ation as to the condition and capacity of the present
jail structure, tho reasons for constructing a new
building, and such plans or suggestions as he may
desire to submit relative to the same, together with
any information in his Department showing the
neoossity for a penitentiary in the said District.
AMENDMENT TO THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. SNAPP, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 72) to
amend the Constitution of the United States ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
that all references made by unanimous con-
sent after the morning hour on Monday the
Chair holds to be subject to the rule of thw
morning hour, which is that they shall not be
brought back by motions to reconsider.
agricultural colleges.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be.
and ho is hereby, requested to furnish this House
with a statement showing what States bave adopted
the provisions of the act of July 2,1862, entitled "An
net donating public lands to the several States and
Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit, of agriculture and the mechanic arts." the
date of such acceptance, the amount of land scrip
issued to each State, and to whom the same was
delivered.
interference op federal officials.
Mr. COGHLAN. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution :
Revolved* That the Judiciary Committee be, and
are hereby, instructed to ascertain and report to the
House at an ewrly day whether any United States
commissioner or other civil officer of the United
States has, under color of any act of Congress, or
otherwise, interfered with or attempted to obstruct
the organization or business of the Legislature of
tho State of Louisiana; and that said committee have
power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 object.
Mr. COGHLAN. X move to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. There is a mot-ion to sus-
pend the rules pending, and the Chair cannot
entertain anything until that motion is disposed
of, except by unanimous consent.
KliPOItT OF SUPERVISING ARCHITECT.
Mr. PLATT, by unanimous coiwent, submit-
ti.'dthef'ollowingresolulion; which wasreferred
to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, Thattwo thousand copies of thereportof
