1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1201
am in favor of every measure that will lighten
the burdens of the laboring men of this land;
and I think I may say to my friend from New
Jersey that not only myself, but the great body
of Democrats who voted with me the other
day in lavor of the proposition to put tea and
coffee on the free list, will be found ready to
cooperate with him in the direction I have just
indicated.
But, sir, I have found, in considering the
best way of advancing the interests o'f the poor
men of this country, that our only hope of suc-
cess in measures for their relief lies in'divid-
ing if possible those who represent these sep-
arate interests of the country. For instance,
when the people clearly see and feel that by
reason of the duty upon iron they are paying
an enormous tax upon that single commodity
which enters into almost every brancli of in-
dustry and every article of domestic use, which
tax for protection enriches the few at the ex-
pense of the many, then that monopoly will be
stricken down.
I repeat, that the great body of those who
think as I do—the great body of Democrats
upon this side—will be found cooperating with
the gentleman in securing for the people of
this country cheap blankets, cheap calico,
cheap alpaca. I do not care so much about
soda and saleratus, except so far as principle
is involved. I think that many jioor men in
this country do not use those articles; but I
would cheapen every article entering into gen-
eral use or consumption by the people. This
is my position. Whether propositions of this
kind be put together in the aggregate or pre-
sented singly, the gentleman will find me voting
according to this principle.
I thank the gentleman from New Jersey for
his kindness in yielding to me, and beg par-
don for having consumed so much of his time.
Mr. BIRD. Mr. Speaker, since the gentle-
man has made a speech instead of asking a
question, and consumed about all the time left
me by the courtesy of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Braxton",] I will not detain the
House longer.
william and mary college.
Mr. HAWLEY addressed the House in
opposition to the appropriation for the Col-
lege of William and Mary. [His remarks will
be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. GOODRICH obtained the floor.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Goodrich] to yield to me for
a few minutes.
Mr. GOODRICH. I will yield to the gen-
tleman for five minutes, or for such further
time, if not too long, as he may require for the
remarks he desires to make.
aid to agricultural colleges.
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, the remarks
I propose to submit, by the courtesy of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Goodrich,] are
perhaps not entirely foreign to the general
subject which has been immediately under
consideration. When the educational land
bill was before the House, a short time since,
1 took no part in the debate upon it. I was
content to listen in silence to the very instruct-
ive discussion that was had upon both sides,
and to express my individual sentiments by
the votes I thought proper to give upon the
several amendments, and upon the bill itself.
Since that discussion, however, a document
has been placed in my charge, coming from
my own district, from the city of my residence;
the memorial of the trustees of the Bast Ten-
nessee University, praying a further appropri-
ation of the public lands for the support of
agricultural schools. The document is of such
a character and it comes indorsed with such
names that I have thought it proper to embody
it in our discussions here, in order that it may
stand on record among the other reasons which
operated for the passage of that important bill.
The original manuscript memorial, which I
hold in my hand, I will refer, under the rales
42d Cong. 2t> Sess.—]^"o. *78.
of the House, to the Committee on Education
and Labor. I believe there has been forwarded
to each member of this House a printed copy
of the same memorial. By permission I will
read it:
To the honorable the Congress of the United States :
At a meeting of the board of trustees of the East
Tennessee University, holden atKnoxville, Tennes-
see, on the 1st instant, the undersigned wore ap-
pointed a committee to memorialize your honorable
body for a turthcr appropriation of public lands in
aid of the agricultural colleges which have been
established under and in pursuance of the act of
July 2.1S62.
In discharge of the duty thus imposed upon them,
your memorialists beg leave 1 espcctlully to invite
the attention of Congress to this most interesting
and important subject. No better disposition, in
the judgment of your memorialists, could be made
of the public lands belonging to the Government
than to devote the whole of (hem to educational
purposes. But your memorialists will not under-
take to state the reasons which induce this belief,
or indicate tho details of the enactment through
which this object can bebest accomplished.
Your memorialists would, however, suggest that
the appropriation heretofore made for this purpose
is adequate to the endowment and permanent main-
tenance of first-class institutions. The amount re-
ceived is just enough to demonstrate the necessity
of more. This is especially true of the small and
sparsely populated States.
Your memorialists, therefore, in furtheraneeof the
views of those they represent, respectfully ask your
honorable body to take this matter into considera-
tion, and make such other and further appropria-
tions of the public lands in aid of these institutions,
established in the interest of agriculture and of the
mechanic arts, as will be commensurate with the
present and future wants of the country.
JOHN BAXTER,
W. A. HENDERSON,
GEORGE ANDREWS.
THOMASA.lt NELSON,
JOHN J. REESE,
0. M. McGHEE,
JAMES PARK,
WILLIAM RULE,
0. P. TEMPLE.
Knoxville, Tennessee, February 5,1872.
I may be pardoned, if in referring to this
institution, whose trustees offer the memorial
I have just presented, I characterize it as one
of the oldest and most successful educational
establishments in our State—an institution of
which many of our principal citizens, includ-
ing one of my colleagues upon the other
"side of the Chamber, [Mr. Wiiitthorne,] have
been students and graduates. The committee
who prepared this paper in behalf of the board
of trustees are gentlemen representing diverse
opinionsin religion, politics, andindeed almost
everything excepting education ; upon this one
question they are united. I call attention es-
pecially to a proposition which appears in the
memorial, and which they have regarded as of
sufficient importance to italicise it both in the
manuscript and the printed copy. Their lan-
guage is this:
"No better disposition, in tho judgment of your
memorialists, could be made of the public lands be-
longing to the Government than to devote the whole
of them to educational purposes."
I regard this, sir, as a representative opin-
ion—an opinion of representative men ; and
as such I have thought proper to place it in this
permanent form among the discussions of the
House in connection with that most important
piece of legislation.
william and mary college.
Mr. GOODRICH addressed the House on
the bill in relation to the College of William
and Mary. [His remarks will be found in the
Appendix.]
ship-canal
Mr. SHANKS. I do not rise to address
the House on tho subject which has been
before it for some time past, but to speak
briefly on another subject which has no politics
in it.
I had the honor last Congress, and again
during this Congress, to introduce a resolution
providing for the surveying of a ship-canal from
the south end of Lake Michigan to a point
at or near the mouth of the river Ohio. By
looking at the map gentlemen will fiud that a
line drawn from the mouth of the Ohio river,
past Cairo, in the southern extremity of Illi-
nois, to the south end of Lake Michigan,
almost in a straight line, represents a distance
of about two hundred and forty miles. All
that distance, excepting eighty-six miles, is
traversed by the Wabash and the Ohio rivers,
so that there is a distance of only eighty-six
miles from tbe south end of Lake Michigan to
be caualled until you strike the northwest bank
of the river Wabash. I believe, from observa-
tions which I made when I was a younger man
in traveling through that country, working
through that country, wading through that
country, [laughter,] (more working than wad-
ing,) that the waters from the north once
passed through Lake Michigan, across the
country south of Lake Michigan, and down
into the Mississippi river. I believe the ob-
structions in that direction are only temporary,
and that by the expenditure of a reasonable
amount of money a ship canal can be con-
structed connecting Lake Michigan with the
Mississippi at the mouth of the Ohio river. By
so doing we open a direct line of trade between
all the States upon our southern border and
all the States upon our northern border, con-
necting, as it may under the treaty recently
made with Great Britain, with the waters lead-
ing to the St. Lawrence, so that we may enter
the mouth of the Mississippi with steam vessels,
and pass through this canal and come out at
the mouth of the St. Lawrence. We can use
this canal in time of peace for purposes of
commerce, and in time of war for the passage
of armed vessels.
The proposition I have introduced asks a
survey by Government officers with a view to
ascertain the cost of this canal from the south
ol Lake Michigan to the Ohio river, near the
city of Cairo, i do not wish, sir, to occupy the
time of the committee, but I desire to call
the attention of the country to the fact that
such a proposition ban been introduced, and
to say to the House that the work is one of
great national importance, and one which must
be constiucted one day, if not now. I put the
fact upon record so that members may know
there is a proposition of this kind, and may
examine the map and see for themselves its
importance.
My colleague [Mr. Cobubn] wishes to talk
a little about the ship-canal, and therefore I
will yield to him.
Mr. COBURN. By his indulgence I unite
with my colleague in talking upon this sub-
ject. I think the country haidiy appreciates
the importance of this work. My colleague
has suggested that in view of the possibility
of war it may be of great advantage. I
think that in view of the arts of peace it will
be of much greater advantage. The enorm-
ous developments in the iron mines of Lake
Superior, and the more recent developments
in the coal mines of Indiana, show that
the region connected by this ship canal can
cheapen the production of iron and also of
steel in a wondeiful degree beyond anything
that has been known in the history of the
country.
The coal mines of Indiana, which will be
connected by this ship-canal immediately and
directly with the iron mines of Lake Superior,
produce the very finest coal for manufacturing
iron in the world. The coal is almost pure
carbon, and is free from sulphur and phospho-
rus. Almost all the other coal used in manu-
facturing iron has to be coked, but the Indiana
coal, which is found in vast abundance, can be
used without coking, so that we have the cheap-
est possible material for making the best qual-
ity of iron. When I say ''the best quality,
I am not bragging about it. The iron has
been subjected to mechanical and chemical
tests, and for tenacity and malleability _ com-
pares with the finest Russia iron, and is the
best iron in the world tor the manufacture of
Bessemer steel. Heretofore the Lesseuier
steel made m this country has been made in
large part from iron impoited from England.
No American pig was found fit for this use.
