306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
the supervising architect of the Treasury be printed
for the use of Congress, arid one thousand copies of
the same for the use of the Treasury Department.
repeal of income tax.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House will proceed to the con-
sideration of a resolution, which comes over
from the last Monday the House was in ses-
sion, offered by the gentleman from Connecti-
cut, [Mr. Kellogg], and upon the adoption of
which he has moved a suspension of the rules.
The Clerk will report the resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
he requested to report a hill for the consideration
of this House, as early in January next as practica-
ble, for the immediate repeal of the provisions for
the collection of the income tax.
The pending question wan upon suspending
the rules and adopting the resolution.
Mr. DAWES. If the gentleman will modify
the resolution by striking out the words "in
January next" I will not oppose his reso-
lution.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will do so.
Mr. DAWBS. And I will ask the yeas and
nays in order to get the sense of the House.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is it in order to mod-
ify the resolution now ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent, pending a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I object.
Mr. KELLOGG. Can I offer a substitute
for the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules and pass the resolution cuts off all amend-
ments.
Mr. KELLOGG. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] will withdraw his
objection.
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman intro-
duced his resolution as he wanted it.
Mr. KELLOGG. Yes, last December. I
hope the gentleman will not take advantage of
such a small technicality as that.
Mr. DAWES. I desire a vote of the House
by yeas and nays, so as to ascertain the senti-
ment of the House on this subject.
Mr. COX. Report a bill and let the House
vote upon it.
Mr. DAWES. I shall myself vote for this
resolution.
Mr. KELLOGG. I withdraw the motion
to suspend the" rules, and I also withdraw the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not
before the House.
Mr. KELLOGG. I now offer a resolution
which I send to the Clerk's desk.
Mr. COX. I ask consent to introduce a bill
to repeal the income tas.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Kellogg] has been recognized
by the Chair.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
he requested to report a bill for the consideration of
this House as early as practicable for the immediate
repeal of the provisions tor the collection of the in-
come tax.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the resolution adopted.
Mr. DAWES. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that ihe reso-
lution be laid on the table.
TheSPBAKER. Thatmotion isnotin order
pending the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken ; and there
were- -yeas 71, nays 81, not voting 86 ; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Archer. Arthur,
Banks, Bo'-k, Boveridge, Bird, Austin Blair, Jaines
8. Blair, George M. Brooks, BulBnton, Coghlnn,
Cox, Croely. Dawos. DuBose, Duel], Ely. Frye, Gar-
field, Getz, Goodrich, liarmer, John W. Hazlecon,
Ilcrndon, Hoar. 11 ooper, Houghton, Kolley, Kello^tr,
Ketcham, Killimjcr. Lamport, Lynch, McClelland,
Mcllenry, Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroe,
Leonard Myers, Negley, Niblack, Peek, Peters,
Potter, Randall. Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, William
R. Roberts, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sessions, Sheldon,
Shell abarger, Sherwood. Sloeum, H. Boardman
Smith,Snapp, Snyder, Starkweather, Strong,Swann,
Twicbell,Upson, Wakeman, Waldron, Wells,Wheel-
er, Williams of New York, and Winchester—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Averill, Barber, Barry,
Beatty, Bright, Buckley.Burchard.Burdett.Benjamin
F. Butler,Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Coburn,Con-
ner, Cotton, Crebs, Cropland, Donnan, Box, Bake,
Bunnell, Eldridge/Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Wilder
D. Foster, Garrett. Hale, Hancock, Hand ley. Harper,
John T. Harris, Havens, Hay, Gerry W. Hazleton,
Hereford, Hibbard, Holman, Kerr, Leach, Lewis,
Lowe, McCormick, MeCrary, McKee, Mercur Mor-
gan, Orr, Packard, Palmer, Hoses W.Parker, Isaac C.
Parker, Perce, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Read, Edward
Y.Rice, JohnM.Rice,Rusk,Seeley, Shanks, Slater.
Sloss, John A. Smith, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague.
Stevens, Stevenson, Terry, Turner, Tyner, Van
Trump. Waddell, Walden, Walls, Whitthorne, Wil-
lard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
John T. Wilson, and Wood—81.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Barnum, Bell,
Bigby, Biggs, Bingham, Braxton. James Brooks,
Campbell, Carroll, Clarke. Cobb, Comingo, Connor,
Critcher, Darrall, Davis, Oe Large, Dickey, Barnes,
Edwards. Elliott, Farwell, Forker, Charles Foster,
Henry D. Foster, Golladay, Griffith, Haldeman,
Halsey, Hambleton, Hanks. George E. Harris, Ilaw-
Iey, Hays, Hill, Kendall, King, Kinsella, Lamison,
Lansing, Manson, Marshall, Maynard. McGrew,
Mclntyre, Mcjunkin, McKinney, McNeely, Mer-
rick, Mitchell, Moore, Morey, Morphis, Packer,
Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Price, Prin-
dle, Rainey, Robinson, Sawyer, Seofield, Shober,
Shoemaker, Worthmgton C. Smith, R. Milton Speer,
Storm, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, Sutherland,
Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Wash-
ington Townsend, Tuthill, Vaughan.Voorhees,Wal-
lace, Warren, Whiteley, and Young—86.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the motion to suspend the rules was not
agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BRIGHT said: I would like to make
an inquiry in relation to the resolution now
pending. I have been somewhat embarrassed
in regard to the vote which I ought to give.
The SPEAKER. The roll-call cannot be
suspended for debate.
Mr. BRIGHT. I would like to make a
statement, and I will put it in the form of a
question of order. I understand that by the
provisions of the act of July 14 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BRIGHT. I vote "no."
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
APPOINTMENTS TO CIVIL SERVICE.
Mr. UPSON. I move to suspend the rules
in order to adopt the following resolution :
liesnhed, That the select Committee on theReform
of the Civil Service be directed to report a bill pro-
viding, so far as practicable, for the admission to the
civil service of a number of persons from each State
in proportion to its population, and also giving the
preference to those candidates who have rendered to
the Government honorable service as soldiers and
sailors.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to, and the resolution was adopted.
subsidies to railroads.
Mr. MOORE. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of adopting the resolution which
I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas, under an act of Congress of July 2,1S62,
a subsidy in lands and bonds was made, among
others, to iho now Kansas Pacific Railroad Com-
pany and to the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad
Company, and by the act of Congress of July 23.
1866, a grant of laud was made to Lkt^State of Kan-
sas for the use and benefit of the St. Joseph and
Denver City Railroad Company ; and whereas it is
claimed by the Atchison and Pike's Peak Railroad
Company, now called Central Branch Union Pacific
Railroad Company, that the Hannibal and St. Joseph
Railroad Company made in 1865 an assignment to it
of all its rights and franchises created by said act of
Congress of 1862; and whereas it is claimed by the
two other said companies that said assignment is
absolutely null and void, and that it was fraudu-
lently made, and that improper and corrupt means
were employed to secure the making thereof : and
whereas the said Atchison and Pike's Peak Railroad
Company now known as the Central Branch Union
Pacific Railroad Company, is now claiming a large
part of thclands grant,ed^to each of said otlier com-
panies. and demanding United States patents there-
tor from the Secretary of the Interior: Now, there-
Be it resolved. That the matters herein set forth
are hereby referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary for examination and report: that said com-
mittee is hereby empowered to send for persons and
papers, and to examine witnesses under oath 
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the considera-
tion of this proposition at the present time,
and raise the point of order that no notiee has
been given.
The SPEAKER. This is a House resolu-'
tion offered under a motion to suspend the
rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I object to that por-
tion just read, proposing to authorize the com-
mittee to send for persons and papers.
The SPEAKER. The whole question will
be settled by the House. The pending motion
is to suspend the rules. The point of the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] is made
under the rules.
The Clerk continued the reading of the reso-
lution, as follows:
And is hereby directed to examine into all the cir-
cumstances touching the alleged assignment afore-
said ; and further to examine into the question of
the validity of the claim of the said Atchison and
Pike's Peak Railroad Company, now called Central
Branch Dnion Pacific Railroad Company, to any of
the lands as afoi esaid, and report by bill or other-
wise.
And be it further resolved. That a copy of this
resolution be delivered to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior; and he is hereby requested to suspend any
and all action within the Department of the Inte-
rior touching the issuing of patents to either of
the aforesaid companies to any of the lands about
the right of which any controversy exists, until
after the said Committee on the Judiciary shall
have made its report to this House upon the mat-
ters herein specified and the report shall have been
finally acted upon.
Mr. RANDALL. Is it not in the power of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Moore] to
give us some explanation of this resolution?
1 have no doubt it is all right; but still we
lack information.
The SPEAKER. An explanation can only
be made by unanimous consent.
Mr. RANDALL. I hopo unanimous eon-
sent will be given, so that the gentleman may
make an explanation.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Moore] can
address the House.
Mr, HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman will
be permitted to explain the object of the reso
hid on.
Mr. MOORE. I suggest that the portion of
the resolution which empowers the committee
to send for persons and papers be struck out,
and then itwill he a mere resolution of inquiry,
directing the Judiciary Committee to examine
and report to this House whether any of these
transactions have been fraudulent, or whether
patents for lands which ought not to be issued
are likely to be issued.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the gentleman strikes
out that portion of his resolution, understand-
ing that this is a mere controversy between
these two companies, and that the committee
is to report on nothing else, I certainly have
no objection to it myself.
Mr. MOORE. I am willing to modify the
resolution in that way.
Mr. COX. Why has not this controversy
been settled by the courts?
' Mr. MOORE. I cannot tell.
Mr. COX. Why has it not been brought
before the judiciary of the country?
Mr. MOOBE. I understand patents are to
be issued, mid it is a question of propriety
whether they should be issued or not. This
is a matter to go before the Committee on the
Judiciary lor investigation and for report by
that committee <>_v oil! or otherwi.se.
Mr ELDRIDGE, As I understaud the
resolution now from having hearditread—and
1 wish to inquire ot' the gentleman from Illi-
nois whether my understandingis not correct
this is a resolution simply to suspend proceed-
ings in the Department while this investigation
is being made by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. MOORE. Yes, sir; that is all.
Mr. RANDALL. But the gentleman pro-
vides in the resolution for instruction to the
Committee on the Judiciary to introduce a
bill. The committee will have that discretion
