254
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 12,
Senate.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Carpenter.
42d Gong....2d Sess.
Hiorns, (7 Adolphus andEllis's Reports,) and
liex vs. Bridge, (1 Maule and Selwyn's He-
ports.) I have both those cases before me, and
in both the court put the judgment precisely
and exactly upon the ground that the notice
of ineligibility had not been properly given at
the election. I was astonished when 1 for the
first time fell upon that declaration of Judge
Strong, for it seemed to be in the face of all
the English cases; that is to say, it seemed
that there were two English decisions standing
out in naked notoriety, and facing all the cur-
rent of English law; but when I came to turn
to the reports, and i have them both here if my
friend from Ohio wishes to see them, I found
that both cases went on the ground that notice
of ineligibility was not given, and the electors
had no knowledge of the man's incapacity.
Then ihis case proceeds :
44 Under institutions such as ours are there is even
greater reason for holding that a minority candi-
date is not entitled to the office if he who received
the largest number is disqualified. We are not
informed that there has been any decision strictly
judicial upon the subject, but in our legislative
bodies the question has been determined. It was
determined against a minority candidate in the
Legislature oi Kentucky, in a case in which Mr.
Clay made an elaborate report and was sustained.
In 1793 Albert Gallatin, elected a Senator from this
State, was declared by the Senate of the United
States disqualified, because he had not been a cit-
izen of the United States nine years, and his elec-
tion was declared void for that reason, but the seat
was not given to his competitor/'
Then, speaking of the English rule, he says:
"There is more reason for this in England, where
the vote is viva voce, and the elective franchise be-
longs to but few, than here, where the vote is by
ballot, and the franchise well-nigh universal. In
those cases the notice was brougut home to almost
.every voter, and the number ol electors was never
greater than tiiree hundred, and generally not more
than two dozen."
And here I wish to call attention to tliis
opinion of the Pennsylvania court:
"Besides, a man who votes for a person with
knowledge that the person is incompetent to hold
the office, and that his vote cannot therefore be
effective, that it will be thrown away, may very
properly be considered as intending to vote a blank,
or throw away nis vote."—Commonwealth vs. Gluley,
6 Pennsylvania State Reports, 274.
To overturn the settled course of English
law for three hundred years our brethren on
the committee bring among others this case,
which in us reasoning and philosophy instead
of conflicting with that doctrine proves it, and
in the case we are now considering it must be
admitted that it is entirely within the reasoning
of the court in the Pennsylvania case. They
say that such a rule is reasonable where you
have a viva voce election by a limited number
of electors. Had you not a viva voce election
by a limited number of electors in the Legis-
lature of North Carolina? Did not each mem-
ber rise in his place and answer to his name,
so that the record shall show which one voted
for each candidate? Judge Strong says that
in such a case the mau who votes for a candi-
date who is known to him to be ineligible may
very properly be held to have voted a blauk,
or to have thrown away his vote.
How many such cases would it take to over-
throw the law? How many such cases would
it be necessary to bring here to overthrow the
law of England for centuries? So that I say
this very Pennsylvansa case, in its reasoning,
when you come to apply it to the case now
before us, is a full authority. That doctrine
of the English law grew out of the English
system, of viva voce flections. It belongs to
it; it ia part of it; and it may very well be held
that in our general elections by ballot such a
rule ought not to be adopted, because it could
not be carried into practice. You could not
prove notice, carried home to the elector. It
would be impossible to apply such a law, and
therefore the House of Uepresentatives may
•very properly have the opposite rule. But we
are considering an election to the Senate, which
is required to be viva voce, and must be by a
limited number of men ascertained by law, and
where if they have notice that the man for
whom they vote is ineligible, Judge Strong says
they may very properly be held to have thrown
away their votes and consented to the election
of the minority man.
In the case of the Commonwealth vs. Bead,
reported in 2 Ashmead, decided in the common
pleas in the city of Philadelphia in 1889, will
be found a full examination of this subject.
I will state the case, s  that it can be under-
stood.
If I remember aright, there were twenty
persons acting as a county board for the county
of Philadelphia, with power to elect a county
treasurer. Nineteen of the twenty when their
names were called voted viva voce. One man
protested that the election should be by bal-
lot, that the law required it, and he insisted
upon voting by ballot, and voted for another
man. The question of the legality of that
election came before the court. The court
held that by law the election must be by bal-
lot; that the votes of the nineteen men who
had voted viva voce were not votes, because
they had not cast* them in the form the law
required, and that the one man, who had cast
his ballot as the law required, had carried the
election, and they gave the office, or at least
they charged the jury if they found the facts
to be so, that tue man who had received
the one vote cast according to law was duly
elected, instead of the man who had nineteen
votes not cast according to law. The court
say:
" We concur in opinion with the relator's counsel,
that the county board is a quasi corporation, and as
such it is governed by the fundamental rules which
the common law has provided lor the better govern-
ment of corporate bodies and for the proper exercise
of the corporate function". The rule immediately ap-
plicable to the case before us, is that found in the
case of Rex vs. Eoxcroft, (2 Burr, 1017,) decided in
1760. There the elective body consisted of twenty-
five, and out <^f this number twenty-one assembled;
nine of these persons voted for Thomas Seagrave as
town clerk, but twelve of them did not vote at all,
and eleven protested .against any election at that
time. The question arising whether Seagrave was
or was not elected, it was held by the court of King's
bench that he was duly chosen; that the protesting
electors had no way to stop the election when once
entered ou but by voting for some other person than
Seagrave, or at least against him; and that when-
ever electors are present and do not vote at all, they
virtually acquiesce in the election made by those
who do. Again, it has been held thatif the corporate
assembly be duly convened, and the majority vote
for an unqualified person alter notice that he is not
qualified, their votes are thrown away and the per-,
son having the next majority and not disqualified
is duly elected. (1 Willeock on Corporations, section
547; Claridge vs. Evelyn, 5 Barn, and Aid., 81.) The
New York cases cited in the argument rest on the
same principles, which are also alluded to and recog-
nized by our own Supreme Court in the recent case
of Commonwealth vs. Green, (4 Whart. 531.")
41 The doctrine of these cases I do not understand
to be contravened by the relator's counsel; who,
however, contends that although electors who
refused to vote are considered as assenting to the
doings of those who do vote, yet that, to make such
an election effective, a quorum of the elective body
must be present, and that the presence of such a
quorum can only be evidenced by a number equal
to such a quorum actually voting. To authorize the
county board to proceed to the election of treasurer,
it is necessary tnat at least eleven members of the
twenty comprising it should be present; but, if
the majority of those present either reluse to
vote, or vote in a manner different from that pre-
scribed by law (as by voting viva voce, when the law
requires them to vote by ballot,) we are of opinion
that a minority composed even of a single member
is sufficient to make an election, and that conse-
quently the presence of a quorum, when such an
election is said to have taken place, is not required
to bo proved by the legal votes actually given, but
may be established by other proof like any other
fact in the cause. The widson of the rule is mani-
fest, and without it, it would be difficult, if not im-
possible, to transact the businessof a large delibera-
tive assembly, If a majority of the elective body
in a corporation, or quasi corporation, such as the
eounty board is on all hands regarded to be, could
prevent an election, either by refusing to vote, or,
what is the same thing, refusing to vote in the man-
ner provided by law, the business of such bodies
could not progress, and their legal existence would
be put in jeopardy."
" In all our public elections, those who neglect or
refuse to vote according to law, are bound by the
votes of those who do vote, no matter how small a
minority those who vote are of the whole constitu-
ency. It is a historical lact that about forty thou-
sand electors who voted for one or the other of the
candidates for Governor at the late election did not
cast any vote for or against the amended constitu-
tion, and yet that instrument has, by a compara-
tively small minority, become the supreme law of
the land. The result of our opinion is thatif you
are satisfied from the evidence that Abraham Mil-
ler tendered a vote by ballot for the defendant, and
that his vote by ballot was received as *-uch, then
has the defendant sustained his plea of having been,
on the 1st of April last, duly elected county treas-
urer,"
In the report I have of that case is a note
which I presume will be referred to by my
honorable friend from Ohio, and if I can have
his attention I wish to call it to this precise
subject. He called my attention, in the first
place to a note at the foot of this case, as fol-
lows :
'1A modern case has somewhat restricted this doc-
trine in the English courts; for in Regina vs.
Guardians of St. Martin's in the Fields, 5 English
Law and Equity, 361, the court of queen's bench
determined that where the law required the election
to be by a majority of the guardians present, and
the meeting at which the election of a clerk was
held consisted'of the chairman and twenty-one
members of the board, an election by the votes of
eleven members (the chairman not voting) was in-
valid, Lord Campbell saying that the judges were all
of opinion that the chairman must be considered
present at the election, and consequently the person
declared elected had not a majority of the twenty-
two guardians present."
Now I wish to call my honorable friend's
attention to my examination of this note. In
the first place, when he and I examined it we
had before us the fifth volume of English Law
and Equity Reports. That series of reports
is not official. It was published as a private
enterprise in London, and is not the most
accurate work in the world. It is not the
official report. Turning, however, to the au-
thorized reportof thecase, which is in 17 Adol-
phus & Ellis's Reports, new series, page 10-4,
it appears that the election in that case was
made under chapter 76 of4 and 5 William IV.
Turning to that, section 46 provides:
" And be it farther enacted, That it shall be law-
ful for the said commissioners, as and when they
shall see fit, by order under their hands and seal, to
direct the overseers or guardians of any parish or
union, or of so many parishes or unions as the said
commissioners may in such order specily, and declare
to be united for the purpose only of appointing and
paying officers, to appoint such paid officers with
such, qualifications as the said commissioners shall
think necessary tor superintending or assisting in
the administration of the relief and employment of
the poor, and for the examining and auditing, allow-
ing or disallowing of accounts in such parish or
union or united parishes, and otherwise cai ryingthe
provisions of this act into execution, and the said
commissioners may, and they are hereby empowered
to define and specify and direct the execution of
the respective duties of such officers, and the places
or limits within which the same shall be performed,
and direct the modeot the appointment, and determ-
ine the continuance in office or dismissal oi such
officers."'
So that,-turning from the case in 5 English
Law and Equity to the statute, I found that
the law had not declared the manner of the
election at all, but left it to the commissioners
to declare. And turning to the official report
of this case in the 17 Adolphus & Ellis, new
series, I found what is not stated at all in the
report in 5 English Law and Equity, and
that is:
" It appeared, on affidavit, that the thirty-eighth
article ot the order of the Poor Law Commissioners,
(reterred to in the last case,) dated 8th December,
1847, was as follows; 'Every question at any meet-
ing consisting of more than three guardians shall be
determined by a majority of the votes of the guard-
ians present thereat and voting on the question.'
17 Adolphus & Ellis's Reports in Q. IS. 104 (Neio
Series.)
Substantially the language of the resolution
in Yulee's case, to which 1 shall presently re-
fer. This was the order made by the commis-
sioners under the statute of 4 and 5 William IV,
section seventy-six, and upon which that de-
cision turned. Now, when you come back to
