2994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
kets and two hundred thousand cartridges to
be forwarded and placed at the disposal of the j
Governor of the Territory of Montana and !
delivered at Virginia City, in said Territory, for j
distribution among the settlers of the Gallatin
valley and other exposed valleys in said Ter- 1
ritory for home defense against Indian raids.
It further provides that the Governor of said
Territory, in making said distribution, shall
take from the parties to whom the arms may
be distributed good and sufficient security for
the return of said arms to the United States j
after the necessity for tbeir use has ceased.
Mr. COB[JRN. I wish to say only a few
words in relation to this matter. The Com-
mitte on Military Affairs had this bill referred
to them a day or two since. They have reli-
able information that many raids are made
by the Indians of Montana upon peaceful set-
tlers there, that large amounts of property
have been taken, and that there is great in-
security for life and property. These raids are
made by predatory bands. No notice is given.
Without any war being openly made, and with- j
out hostilities being declared or imagined,
persons are robbed in great numbers of large
amounts of property, and in some instances
they have been murdered in cold blood.
The object of this bill is to put in the hands
of the scattered settlers good breech-loading
arms suflicient to enable tlvem to take care of
themselves. There are some twenty-eight thou-
sand treaty Indians, and about twelve thousand
not bound by treaties in Montana—a dangerous
population. These arms are to be given into
the possession of the Governor, who is to use
his discretion in distributing them. A thou-
sand stand is to be distributed for this purpose.
I now yield to the gentleman from Montana,
[Mr. Clagett.]
Mr. CLAGETT. Since 1860 to this day,
periodically every year these predatory bands
of Indians have been in the habit of making j
incursions into the Gallatin valley. And here
I desire to state for the information of the
House that, this Gallatin valley is among the
most fertile portions of Montana, is the granary
for one half of the Territory, and is a section
of country almost as densely populated as
the country immediately beyond the suburbs
of this city. For years past the settlers (in
conjunction with the military authorities) have
been compelled from time to time, at great
expense to themselves, to maintain to the east
of the Gallatin valley and other exposed local-
ities, lying upon our eastern frontier, sentinels
and patrols to guard the mountain passes day
and night, for the purpose of keeping these
predatory bands out of the settlement.
I have information that these Indians have
already commenced their depredations this
season. They made a raid a few days ago
on the settlement on Deep creek, adjaccnt
to the Gallatin valley. I received informa-
tion this morning that twenty-five men on their
way from Whoop Up, in British Columbia, to
Montana, encountered and were surrounded
by a band of these Indians, and that a con-
siderable fight ensued. Although we do not
anticipate an Indian war in that Territory, and
although the territorial and Federal author-
ities and people are all very properly labor-
ing to avoid the possibility of a conflict, there
will still continue to be in the future as in the
past difficulties with these border bands,which
belong nowhere, who owe allegiance to no
tribe so far as we know, and who are contin-
ually threatening our border and robbing and
murdering our citizens.
Now, so far as this bill is concerned, the
distribution of arms among the settlers is no
longer an open question. The people already
have arms, furnished them in 1867. But these
arms are the old muzzle-loading Springfield
rifles, which are comparatively worthless. The
bill provides lor the distribution of arms bet-
ter adapted to the purposes of defense.
One word more in conclusion. These bands
of Indians come in small numbers, from fifteen
to fifty, sweep like wild-fire over the country,
killing settlers along their route, driving off
stock, and imposing thousands of dollars of ex-
penses upon the settlers there ; and before tne
military authorities can be notified and troops
be set in motion they will be from one hun-
dred to one hundred and fifty miles distant.
The consequence is that in case any defense
at all is to be made, it must be by the settlers
themselves upon the ground where the depre-
dations are committed, and before the Indians
get out of the country; and in order that
they may be able to do that it is necessary
that t.heir inferiority in numbers shall be equal-
ized by superiority of arms. The truth is that
many of the Indians in Montana Territory are
better armed than are the white settlers, and
many of their arms have been put in their
hands in past years by the authorized agents
of the United States.
I hope that this bill will be passed. It does
not impose any expense upon the Government
except the cost of transportation to the Terri-
tory. There is no danger that the arms will
be diverted from the purpose which Congress
contemplates by this bill. As I have stated,
arms are already distributed in the same way
in which it is proposed to distribute these. It
is proposed to place them subject to the dis-
position of Governor Potts, one of the most
prudent and cautious men t£ie Government
ever sent into a Territory to exercise the du-
ties of such an office, and whose control of
them is a perfect guarantee against the possi-
bility of abuse. It is a matter of absolute
necessity for the purposes of self defense, and
all we ask is that we may be placed in a posi-
tion where we can defend ourselves in those
eases where the Government, from the nature
of the situation, cannot afford us protection.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHANKS. I ask my colleague to yield
to me for a brief statement.
Mr. COBURN. I will yield to my colleague.
Mr. SHANKS. It strikes me that, if this
thing is to be done, it had better be done just
the other way—-that we had better take the
guns from the Indians than to put arms in the
(lands of white settlers simply because the In-
dians are now armed. If the Government has
furnished arms to the Indians, the proper step
is to take the arms from them, so that they
will not use them in committing depredations.
But if you give the white men arms, so that
they may attack the Indians simply because
the Indians are now armed and the whites are
inferior to the Indians in numbers, you wili be
taking the surest steps to inaugurate an Indian
war. 1 think the step should be in the other
direction, to take the arms away from the In-
dians instead of putting arms in the-hands of
the white settlers. It will be impossible to
keep peace if you arm both sides, and espe-
cially if you put better arms in the hands of
the white men so that they may the more suc-
cessfully contend with the Indians.
Mr. COGHLAN. How can you get arms
from the Indians if you give none to the white
men ?
Mr. SHANKS. The gentleman from Mon-
tana [Mr. Clagett] says none but these pred-
atory bands are doing this.
Mr. CLAGETT. The gentleman is mistaken.
There are of treaty Indians in the Territory
twenty-eight thousand two hundred and ninety.
In addition to them there are some fifteen thou-
sand of the Teton, Yancton, and Santee Sioux,
who, m violation of their treaties with the
United States, have come into Montana within
the last year. It is the predatory bauds of
these and other Indians, who do not belong to
the treaty tribes, and that the Government
cannot control, that commit the depredations
I have referred to.
Mr. SHANKS. I certainly did not misun-
derstand the gentleman when he said these
depredations were committed by small bands
of from fifteen to fifty Indians. He certainly
asserted that definitely; if he wishes to be un-
derstood differently now, I am not respons-
ible for it. But I say that when you arm white
men to contend with Indians, you inaugurate
war ; you bring expense upon the country, and
death upon the frontiers. It is certainly wrong,
in fact, to put arms in the hands of Indians,
and better arms in the hands of white men.
Mr. SARGENT. I wouid suggest to my
friend, the chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, [Mr. Shanks,] the necessity of
inquiring into the facts and providing legisla-
tion, if necessary, to prevent the distribution
of arms to Indians; that certainly would be a
very important duty on the part of his com-
mittee. It seems to me that if arms are really
distributed to Indians there ought to be some
steps taken to put a stop to it. I concur en-
tirely with the gentleman from Montana [Mr.
Clagett] and the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, [Mr. CoBtJRir,] that
where our citizens are upon exposed frontiers,
especially like those of Montana, where the
lines we hold over the Indians by means of
treaties are of the frailest character, where
they are liable at any moment, from passion,
jealousy, or any other cause, to be attacked
by the Indians, it is right and proper that
arms shall be put in ttie hands of settlers,
scattered as they are about in thinly populated
districts, so that they shall not be surprised aud
murdered by these bands of Indians. For
that reason, and to remedy the mischief
alluded to, I hope this bill will pass.
Mr. SHANKS. The gentleman refers to
the Committee on Indian Affairs as reporting
this matter. That committee has taken no
steps toward furnishing arms, and I only call
attention to the fact that it was not a matter
which came before us.
Mr. COBURN. I only wish to say that
these settlers are very much scattered, and ■
furnishing them with arms will not be an en-
couragement to hostility on the part of the
Indians, but rather a movement toward the
continuance of peace. The evil is this : that
the Indians go to the homely cabin and the
scattered settlers. They are not carrying on
a war, but marauding. If this thing pro-
gresses further on the frontier they will be-
come bolder and bolder if they are not stopped,
and it is the highest wisdom and economy to
put the means of defense in the hands of men
who are interested in preserving the peace
there. If we do not put arms in the hands
of these men we shall have to send Sheridan
and his men there at an enormous expense.
Let me say five wagon load3 of powder com-
ing in from British possessions were captured
last fall in the Territory of Montana. I move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and tha
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time,and passed.
Mr. COBUKN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
alaska indians.
On motion of Mr. SHANKS, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, the bill (S. No. 966)
authorizing the President of the United States
to take jurisdiction over the people of Alaska,
called Indians, and for other purposes, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
elt moore.
Mr. DUNNELL, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Public Lands, re-
ported a bill (H. 11. No. 1298) for.the relief
of the heirs of Eli Moore; which was recom-
mitted, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DICKEY. I call for the regular order
of business.
