1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1203
be almost free from phosphorous and sulphur, and
fitted to make the highest qualities of bar iron and
steel. The experience of the iron masters of north-
en Ohio and western Pennsylvania has been that it is
better to use these pure and rich ores from a dis-
tance than the leanand impure ores from the imme-
diate vicinity. The result has been that the mining
of these ores now reaches nearly a million tons a
year, which, by the furnaee yield, nearlv equals the
entire product of the United States in 1861. No fact
could be more gratifying to the development of the
iron industry of the country.
"The Iron mountain ores of Missouri are of the
same genera,1 character, and are equally accessible
to the coal fields of Indiana; in fact, there are por-
tions of' the coal field wherethey will hold a monop-
oly. In both districts occur the haemetatic ores
which have proved of great value for the purposes
of admixture. There „are also in both districts
manganisiferous ores which are absolutely essential
to the production of spiegeleisen, on which the Bes-
semer process depends for its success. Considering,
then, the abundance and purity of the crude mate-
rials, and the ease with which they can be united, it
requires no prophetic vision to foresee the time when
the block coal region of Indiana will be the great
sito of the iron industry of the United States."
Here, then, we have the great central States
of Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, and
Missouri looking to the block coals of Indiana
for fuel for their great iron-works. The ship-
canal proposed will carry this material north
to the lower lake ports, and to the iron mines
of Lake Superior, and south and around to the
iron mountains of Missouri, and the great fur-
naces, workshops, and forges on the Missis-
sippi and Missouri. The nation has not yet
learned to estimate properly these great and
recent developments which will place in the
midst of the finest agricultural region on the
continent the grandest exhibitions of mechan-
ical success.
I thank my' colleague [Mr. Shanks] for
yielding to me so much of his time that I might
make this statement.
Mr. SHANKS. I am glad my colleague
[Mr. Coburn] has felt interest enough in this
matter to say what he has just said. I was
afraid that no interest was felt by others m
this subject, which I regard as one of very
great importance, not only to our own State,
but to the entire uoithwest and southwest
portions of our country. I have not prepared
iuyself to make a speech upon this subject. I
simply wished to advertise it somewhat; and
as no one else seemed to desire to advertise it,
I thought I would take this occasion to call
attention to it.
I now yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Bigby.]
william and mary collegk.
Mr. McNEELY. Will the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Bigby] yield to me for one or
two minutes only ?
Mr. BIGBY. I will yield for a brief time
to the gentleman.
Mr. McNEELY. I thank the gentleman
for his courtesy. I desire merely to read a
few lines from the letter of Major General
Meade, injustice to himself, and also to Pro
fessor Ewell, whose loyalty seems to be called
in question here. General Meade Writes:
"I am satisfied, on examination of the facts of the
case, that the destruction of the buildings of Wil-
liam and Mary college by our troops was not only
unnecessary and unauthorized, but one of those
deplorable acts of useless destruction which occur
in all wars. In this view, and believing that its re-
construction under the direction and superintend-
ence of Professor Benjamin iS. -Ewell will tend to
cement and strengthen the bonds of union, and to
give encouragement to the growth and spreading of
sound Union principles, I take great pleasure in
recommending the appeal of Professor Ewell to all
those who ma,y have the means and the disposition
to assist him in the good work in which he is engaged.
Processor Swell's protest, recently published, against
sectional text books, is evidence of his views on this
important question of education."
congressional reconstruction.
Air. BIGBY. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
devote the time that I shall occupy to the con-
sideration of Georgia affairs and the restora-
tion of that State to the sisterhood of States
under congressional reconstruction. It is not
an uncommon thing to hear upon the floor of
this House from the Opposition denunciation
of all of the governments in the late insurrec-
tionary States as carpet-bag governments, and
those who shared in their formation and have
participated in their administration as thieves
and robbers. Indeed, so habitual has become
this custom that gentlemen do not pause to
consider its injustice, nor do they take the
trouble to ascertain whether there is, in point
of fact, any foundation for such wholesale
abuse. They assume to be true what they
want to believe, trusting rather to rest their
charges upon the idle notions of a distempered
fancy than the solid foundations of immutable
truth. Their course aptly illustrates the force
of habit, and demonstrates the persistency with
which erroneous conclusions are clung to, when
sucli conclusions will neither bear the analysis
of scrutiny nor the test of investigation.
That the government of Georgia is not as
perfect as its friends would have it be, and
that those who have administered its different
departments are not as pure as an exacting
morality would require, I presume no one will
pretend to deny. Still, I apprehend that the
most searching and remorseless investigation
will fail to disclose any great moral turpitude,
or to discover anything more than occasional
blunders in the policy pursued. Looking to
the circumstances under which the organiza-
tion of the new government was accomplished,
and it is more a matter of astonishment than
otherwise that it is so perfect in all its parts.
Its organic law was made under the most try-
ing embarrassments and the most untoward
circumstances.
The convention that framed it met at a time
when passion ruled the hour, and its members
in the performance of their high duty encoun-
tered every obstacle that ingenuity could sug-
gest or malice devise. It was the ardent wish
of the enemies of the Government that the work
of reconstruction should prove a failure , and
for the accomplishment of that end they levied
contribution upon their entire resources. They
brought to the work the most splendid talents
of their leaders, and, with an industry worthy
of a better cause, pursued their purpose until
the friends of the Government discomfited
them, and achieved a success that will stand
as a monument of their liberality, wisdom, and
statesmanship through all coming time.
When delegates were to be chosen to that
convention, its adversaries adopted as their
line of policy non-action, and no device was
left untried to prevent men of character, ca-
pacity, and social position, from becoming
candidates for the same. Some of the best
citizens of the State who desired her relations
to the General Government adjusted, and who
would have become candidates for election to
the convention, were deterred from so doing
by the pressure invoked for that special pur-
pose. It was a favorite idea with the enemies
of reconstruction to have it, if possible, break
down of its own weight. Finding, however,
that such an issue was not probable, it was
then hoped that the constitution to be f amed
would in its essential characteristics be so
prescriptive and obnoxious that when sub-
mitted to the people it would fail-of ratifica-
tion, and all the appliances supposed to be
useful for such a result were freely used.
Much to the surprise of the enemies of
reconstruction, however, after three months
of earnest, honest, laborious work, a consti-
tution was adopted, and upon its submission
to the people was ratified, which in point of
merit was not only equal to, but very much
excelled all previous State constitutions. Its
framers, discarding all prejudice, and with a
liberality of feeling not anticipated under the
circumstances, invested every citizen of the
State with all of the rights, privileges, and
immunities enjoyed by any one of them.
There was no restriction placed upon the
elective franchise, save as to persons convicted
of treason, embezzlement of public funds,
malfeasance in office, crime punishable by
law with imprisonment in the peuitentiary, or
bribery, and idiots and insane persons. The
right to hold office was not denied to any one
except for the reasons before enumerated.
The road to preferment was thrown wide open
to every citizen of the Commonwealth. In
letter and spirit it gave equal rights to all, not
grudgingly, but freely and cheerfully. Indeed,
such was the magnanimity and generosity
exhibited toward the enemies of reconstruc-
tion and the foes of the Government, that'
they themselves were dumb with astonish-
ment, and from their reluctant and unwilling
lips was wrung the concession that it was a
most excellent piece of workmanship. They
admit that in many of its distinctive features
it is a decided improvement upon the old con-
stitution. The judiciary, especially, met the
approval of the legal fraternity throughout the
State. They cheerfully granted that it pos-
sessed marked advantages over former judicial
systems in that State.
Under this constitution an election was held,
a Governor elected, membeis o.' the Legisla-
ture chosen, and all of the machinery of gov-
ernment. put in motion. The Governor, when
installed into officio, proceeded to appoint, in
accordance with the provisions of the consti-
tution, the judicial officers of the State, includ-
ing supreme court, judges, the superior court
judges, notaries public, &c. The appointments
in the main were good. And these officers of
the law, by their fair and impartial administra-
tion of justice, soon won the esteem and con-
fidence of all of the just, and fair-minded peo-
ple.' In every instance appointments were
made from natives of the State, or persons
who had long been residents, and were closely
identified with her interests. Many of them
in former days had held positions of honor
and trust under either the State or Federal
Government, and no one could truthtuliy say
that they were in any respect inferior to those
who had been their predecessors. The same
may be said generally of those chosen to fill
places in the new government.
The Governor had entered upon the func-
tions of his office but a shoit time until appli-
cations for pardons of persons completing
sentences imposed by the courts began to
claim his attention for executive clemency.
That he used the pardoning power quite lib-
eral ly I shall not pretend to dispute. Never-
theless, much of the complaint against him on
that score is without just cause. Doubtless
in a few cases he blundered, and it may be
that he is open to censure for the grant of
executive clemency. There was not that
abuse of the pardoning power, however, that
is commonly supposed. Many convicts re-
ceived pardons, and it was right that they
should. The facts of their cases entitled them
to them.
Immediately after the close of the war society
was in a state of excitement, the minds of
men were feverish, much prtjudice existed,
especially toward the newly-emancipated race,
and convictions were had with wonderful
facility. Slight circumstances in the then dis-
tempered and unnatural state of the public
mind were regarded as conclusive of guilt, and
in many instances verdicts of guilty were re-
turned upon testimony which afterwaid, in a
inure sober hour, would have appeared quite
unsatisfactoiy to the minds of those who ren-
dered them. And it was not an uncommon
occurrence to find those who had been eager
for convictions, petitioning, in behalf of those
whose convictions they sought, for executive
clemency.
In some cases, the judges who presided at
the trial, the solicitors general who represented
the Commonwealth, the parties who appeared
as prosecutors, the jurors who returned the
verdicts, and the. best citizens of the country,
men of intelligence and substantial worth,
would petition for the pardon ot a convict, and
if the Executive yielded to their wishes, he
did that only which an enlightened public
sentiment approved and the justice of the case
absolutely demanded. In my own judicial dis-
