fi
1872.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
299&
TERRITORY OF OKLAHOMA.
The House, as the regular order of business,
resumed the consideration of the bill reported
last evening by Mr. Parker, of Missouri, from
the Committee on the Territories (H. R. No.
2635) for the better protection of the Indian
tribes, and their consolidation under a civil
government, to be called the Territory of
Oklahoma.
The question was upon postponing the fur-
ther consideration of the bill until the second
Tuesday of December after the morning hour.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I would say
that this bill came before the House as a sub-
stitute for the original bill.
The SPEAKER. It was treated as an ori-
ginal bill.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion was agreed to.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the motion was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BECK. I call for the regular order.
REMOVAL OF FLATHJiAD AND OTHER INDIANS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour begins
at twenty minutes to twelve o'clock, and the
House resumes the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 2624) to provide for the removal of the
Flathead and other Indians from the Bitter
Boot valley, in the Territory of Montana.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to move to amend
that bill in the second section by striking out
"$30,000" and inserting in lieu thereof
" $20,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BURDJBTT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OSAGE INDIAN RESERVATION.
Mr. BURDETT, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, reported back the bill (H. R.
No. 2334J to confirm to the Great and Little
Osage Indians a reservation in the Indian ter-
ritory.
the preamble to the bill ia as follows: j
Whereas by the treaty of 1866 between the United I
atates and the Cherokee nation of Indians said
nation ceded to the United States all its lands west ,
01 the ninety-sixth meridian west longitude, for !
the settlement ot friendly Indians thereon; and |
whereas by act of Congress approved July 15, 1870, ;
the President was authorized and directed to re-
tnove the Great and Little Osage Indians to a loca-
uon m the Cherokee country west of the ninety-
mxth meridian, to be designated for them by the
ji ires authorities; and whereas it was pro-
vided by the same act of Congress that the lands of
toe usages in Kansas should be sold by the United
otates, and so much of the proceeds thereof a? were
s"°uld be appropriated for the payment
OcT,! °kee.s f?r the lands set apart for the said
sages west ot the ninety-sixth meridian ; and
un(^er the provisions of the above-men-
treaty and act of Congress and concurrent
thlni ■, authorities of the United States and
fV/?™,!61'- nation, the said Osages were removed
  r - or£ner homes in the State of Kansas to
ritnr, ? 2n s-et aPart for them in the Indian ter-
wo^r, V^r ■ J1™0 ot tlje removal supposed to be
rm thi e^ai, ninety-sixth meridian, and bounded
. e? thereby, and upon which said Osages
un.i J? substantial and valuable improvements;
nf =eas hy a recent survey and establishment
'(; ninety-sixth meridian, it appears that the
'■valuable portion ot said Osage reservation,
•itp,l ! -11'-,!1 Hii their improvements are situ-
the said meridian; and whereas it
lip,. '?'? became necessary to select other lands, in
those found to be east of the established
whjj'sis meridian, for said Osage Indians; and
s a^raet has accordingly been selected,lying:
hprJflei" western boundary of the reservations
t 'i s,et "fart for said Indians and the main
of th o, the Arkansas river, with the south line
thJ°' Kansas for a northern boundary, and
north lme of the Creek country and the main
channel of the Arkansas river for a southern and
western boundary ; and whereas the act of Congress
approved July 15,18i0, restricts the said reserva-
tion for said Osage Indians to " a tract of land in
compact form, equal m quantity to one hundred
and sixty acres for each member of said tribe-"
and whereas in a letter of the Cherokee delegation,
i1lldrf3eV,,> Secretary of the Interior on the
8th day of April, 1872. on behalf of the Cherokee
nation, containing their approval of and assent to
the proposition to provide for the settlement of
the Usage and Kaw Indians on that portion of the
Cherokee country lying west of the ninety-sixth
degree west longitude, south of Kansas, east and
north of the Arkansas river.
Therefore the bill provides—
j That in order to provide said Osage tribe of In-
dians with a reservation, and secure to them a suffi-
cient quantity of land suitable for cultivation, the
following described tract of country, west ol" the
established ninety-sixth meridian, in the Indian
territory, be, and the same is hereby, set apart for
and confirmed as their reservation, namely; bounded
on the east by the ninety-sixth meridian, on the
south and west by the north line of the Creek coun-
try and the mam channel of the Arkansas river, and
on tho north by the south line of the State of Kan-
sas; Provided. That the location as aforesaid shall
be made under the provisions of article sixteen of
the treaty of 1886, so far as the same may be applica-
ble thereto.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I wish
to inquire of the gentleman who reports back
this bill if it does not propose to locate these
Indians upon the lands in the Cherokee
nation, which lands have been patented by
the Government of the United States to the
Cherokee Indians?
Mr. BURDEi'T. I would say, in reply to
the question of my colleague, that the location
proposed by this bill is upon such of the Chero-
kee lauds as lie west of the ninety-sixth par-
allel, and that it is expressly provided by
treaty stipulations that the United States shall
have full authority so to do.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I wish to
ask another question. It is known to my col-
league and to the committee that the Osage
Indians are required by the provisions of the
act under which they parted with their lands
in Kansas to pay to the Government of the
United States at least $1 25 an acre for all the
lands they may acquire on this new settlement.
Now, does this bill propose to give these peo-
ple any right whatever to those lands further
than the right of occupancy?
Mr. BURDETT. The treaty and the law
expressly provide for all those things. It is
provided in the treaty and in the law that this
right of occupancy shall accrue, and that the
Osage Indians out of the funds realized to thein
by the sale of their former reservation in the
State of Kansas shall pay to the Cherokee
nation an amount which shall be agreed upon
between them ; and in case of disagreement
between them, the President of the United
States is to step in and decide the matter.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. But this
bill makes no provision for vesting in these
Osage Indians any right whatever to these lands
which they are required to pay for except the
right of occupancy. 1 desire to see justice done
in this matter. These people are required to
pay for these lands and to extinguish the Cher-
okee title to the lands out of the proceeds of
the sales of their own lands; but the bill does
not secure to them any right whatever to the
lands further than that of occupancy.
Mr. BURDETT. The difficulty with my
colleague is that he ignores the provisions of
the treaty which provide for all these things.
Whenever the Indians themselves shall consent
to this transaction, thereupon full right of oc-
cupancy and possession accrues to the Osages
by virtue of the treaty and the law. \
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. But only !
the right of occupancy, nothing more. Besides, j
the Cherokee council, the legislative body of j
that tribe, has never consented to the sale of \
these lands. Their leading men have come j
here, and upon agreement with them the lands j
are taken by the Government of the United |
States and sold to other parties, who are re- j
quired to pay for the lands ; yet the Govern- j
ment declines to give any title or vest any abso- j
lute right of property in these Osage Indians. 1
Mr. BURDETT. My colleague is again in
error. Under the provisions of the treaty and
the law, these Indians were some time ago
located, as was supposed, west of the ninety-
sixth parallel, with the full knowledge and
approbation of the Cherokees. But upon a
definite location of the ninety-sixth parallel it
is found that the Indians were unfortunately
located east of it. Hence it becomes necessary
to disturb the former location, which was sup-
posed to be correct, and to push the Indians
over upon the lands provided for them under
the treaty. That is all there is in the matter.
I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the oper-
ation ihereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BURDETT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
T. R. CURTIS AND J. II. RICHMOND.
Mr. SMITH, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do not pass, a bill (H. R.
No. 547) for the relief of T. R. Curtis and J.
H. Richmond, and moved that the bill be laid
on the table, and the accompanying report in
writing be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MIAMI INDIANS.
Mr. SMITH, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported back, with amendments,
the bill (H. R. No. 1535) to abolish the tribal
relations of the Miami Indians, and for other
purposes.
The bill, which was read, in the first section
provides that the tribal relations of the Miami
tribe of Indians be dissolved and cease at the
end of two years from and after the date of
the passage of this act, and that then and
thereafter the individual members of said
tribe of Indians shall be treated and regarded
as citizens of the United States.
The second section provides that the laud.i
reserved for the future homes of the Miami
tribe of Indians by the first article of the treaty
of June 5, 1854, and which remain unallotted,
together with the school section mentioned in
said article, shall be disposed of in the fol-
lowing manner, to wit; each person, being
the head of a family or over twenty-one years
of age, who has settled and made improve-
ments upon said unallotted lands, or in case
of his death, his heirs, and who shall occupy
the same at the date of the passage of this act.
shall be entitled to purchase the land so settled
upon and occupied in quantities not exceeding
one hundred and sixty acres, according to the
legal subdivision of the public surveys, on pay-
ment therefor, within one year from the date
of the passage of this act, in such manner as
the Secretary of the Interior shall direct, of
the amount at which said land was appraised,
in the year 1860, by W. J. Howard and A. R.
Boone, commissioners, appointed under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior to
appraise the same preparatory to a proposed
sale thereof, and an amount in addition thereto
equal to twenty per cent, of said appraised
value; and all of sa"d unallotted lands not dis-
posed of under the foregoing provisions shall
be sold under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior in parcels not exceeding one
hundred and sixty acres each, to the highest
bidder, for cash, atnot less than the appraised
value thereof, increased by twenty per cent, as
hereinbefore provided; such sale to be ma-ie
upon sealed proposals, to be duly invited by
public advertisement, m such manner as the
Secretary may prescribe. The school section
referred to, shall, within sixty days from the
passage of this act, be appraised by a com
missioner, to be appointed by the Secretary
