1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,255
42d Con<}.... 2d Sess.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Carpenter.
Senate.
Mr. Brightly, for I believe he is the author of
this book, g.nd find how handsomely he sails
into Judge Strong for the blunder he made,
it is a little compensation to find that Mr.
Brightly made just as great a. blunder by rely-
ing upon the unauthorized report and not going
to the original source; because if he had done
so he would have found that those decisions,
instead of modifying or changing the rule,
confirmed it. That was a case where the com-
missioners had ordered the specific method of
election, and the election clearly did not con-
form to that order, and of course was not
effective—precisely the case of Yulee, and the
language of the order is almost identical with
that ot the resolution which had been passed
by the Legislature of Florida.
Mr. President, I wish to refer for a moment
to the cases which have occurred in the Senate.
The honorable Senator from Illinois, who ad-
dressed lhe Senate yesterday, claimed and
insisted that this question had been three times
decided by the Senate. Now, I assert that
the cases he referred to do not touch the ques-
tion now before the Senate. Neither of the
three cases to which he .referred involved the
question. The Senate could not have decided
this question in any judicial sense whatever in
those cases, because it was not involved in
them.
Gallatin's case was this—I have not the
strength to read it, but I can state it accurately
enough for the present purpose. When the
caucus first met to select a candidate, Mr.
Gallatin seemed to be everybody's choice, but
he said, "My name is out of the question on
account of my citizenship," without specifying
what the trouble was. Subsequently it ap-
peared in the testimony that Mr. Gallatin, at
first, was under the impression that the Con-
stitution of the United States required that to
be a Senator he must have been nine years a
citizen of the State from which he was elected.
Having that erroneous impression corrected,
he declared himself eligible; he had been a
citizen of the United States for more than
nine years, as he thought, and the testimony
then is that he was immediately nominated.
They had held fire upon it after he in-
formed them that he was not eligible, and
were casting about for another candidate;
but as soon as he discovered what he thought
was his mistake and became satisfied that he
was eligible and told them so; they instantly
nominated'him. What is the inference? Ir-
resistibly that they believed just as he did that
he was eligible. Now, then, as the Senator
said yesterday, Mr. Gallatin was ousted of his
seat because it turned out upon examination
by the Senate that he had not been even a
citizen of the United States for nine years;
but, says the Senator, nobody claimed that the
minority man could have his place. 0 f course
not; there was no ground for claiming it, no
pretense that the men who elected Gallatin
knew that he was disqualified at the time he
was elected.
Shields' case is precisely .the same. There
is not a single element of resemblance be-
tween Shields' case and this. There was no
pretense in Shields' case from beginning to
end that the Legislature knew he was disquali-
fied ; no claim of that kind was set up any-
where.
Now, coming to the case of Yulee. The
Legislature in Florida had passed a resolution
which required that to make an election the
candidate should have a majority of all the
persons present. Although the validity of
that resolution was questioned, yet the com-
mittee in that case (and the report was drawn
I think by Mr. Bright, and although very brief
it is a very able one) say that the resolution
was passed, it was in force, it had never been
repealed, it was entirely constitutional, it was
a fair exercise of the power which the Con-
stitution gives to the States of regulating the
time, place, and manner of electing Senators ;
and of course it was conclusive against Mr.
Yulee. The blanks in that case had to be
counted, or, what comes to the same thing, if
you threw the blanks out, still Mr. Yulee had
not received what, by that resolution, he must
have received to be elected, the votes of a ma-
jority of the electors. So that neither of these
cases has the slightest application to this.
The Senator from Illinois also dwelt largely
and considerably in detail on the decisions of
the House of Representatives on this ques-
tion. I believe there is but one case in the
House of Representatives where there was any
pretense that the electors knew of the dis-
qualification of the candidate.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the Sen-
ator allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes. sir. •
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is an-
other case in the Senate upon which I should
like to have the views of the Senator. I under-
stand the Senator is now leaving the eases
which have occurred in this body.
Mr. CARPENTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It is a case
which it seems to me bears on this subject,
and as we are all judges here, I ask for light
in reference to it. What I state I do not do
by way of argument. The Legislature of New
Jersey in 1865 had an election for Senator.
The joint meeting passed a resolution that a
plurality should elect. The joint meeting
consisted of eighty-one members; forty mem-
bers voted for Mr. Stockton, thirty-seven for
Mr. Ten Eyck, and four scattering, so that
Mr. Stockton lacked one of having a major-
ity. That subject was brought before the Sen-
ate and discussed at length, and the Senate
decided that Mr. Stockton was not lawfully
elected Senator.
Now, my point of difficulty which I want to
call attention to is this: whether that decision
does not have two effects; first, that one to
be elected Senator must have a majority of
the quorum; second, that he must have it by
actual votes, not by silence, not by throwing
votes away, not by implication of law, be-
cause the strongest possible implication was
made there by the affirmative resolution which
was passed by a majority that a plurality
should elect. That seems to me a case that
at all events is entitled to consideration, and
I would like to have the views of the Senator
upon it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, upon
the case to which the Senator has referred I
can give him no light. I know nothing about
it, and never have heard of it before.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not want
information on the facts; I have stated the
facts correctly. *
Mr. CARPENTER. Assuming the case to
be precisely as the Senator states it, as it un-
doubtedly is, it seems to me that it does not
touch this question at all. It is suggested to
me that that case turned upon the theory that
the joint assembly had no legislative authority
to pass that resolution, and a law of New Jer-
sey required a majority to elect. If so, that
half answers the case, and the other half is
right close to it, which is this : all the candi-
dates voted for were eligible. Of course, if
that resolution was not effectual to repeal the
law,no man could be elected who did not have
a majority of the legal votes cast. I admit
that if Abbott did not receive a majority of
the legal votes cast he is not elected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state, as I was
here and voted on that case, and examined it
with great care, because I was in great doubt
how I ought to vote, that the ground upon
which I think a majority of the Senate acted
was that it was absolutely necessary under our
Constitution that a man to be elected Senator
must have a majority of the votes cast, which
in that case the claimant did not have. It was
held that the Legislature of the State of New
Jersey had no power to make an election by a
mere plurality; that that was not an election.
Mr. HOWE. The Legislature ill joint con-
vention?
Mr. SHERMAN. Thejoint convention had
no right to prescribe a plurality rule.
Mr. CARPENTER. That seems to me to be
perfectly sound. I certainly never did con-
tend, and never shall, that an election properly
held by a competent legal body can produce
a result in favor of a man that has not had a
majority of the legal votes cast. So that, so
far as 1 can see, that case does not at all con-
flict with the doctrine I am contending for.
Now, about the decisions in the House of
Representatives. In the first place, the facts
of the two cases are so different, that is to
say, the circumstances under which a mem-
ber is elected to the House differ so widely
from the conditions under which a Senator
is elected, that there may well be different
rules applied to the two cases. Here, for
instance, you have in the election of a Sen-
ator a case where it is perfectly easy to apply
the rule. Your Senator must be elected by a
viva voce vote of a limited number of persons
known before the election takes place. They
must rise and answer to their names, so that
you have a record showing what candidate
each senator and member of the house of the
Legislature voted for. You can therefore
ascertain whether or not the electors knew of
the disqualifications with perfect certainty.
But turn now to the election of a member
to the other House. Here you have half a
dozen counties ; you have a large population
scattered over a vast extent of country, and it
is absolutely impossible to prove in that elec-
tion conducted by ballot, whether the eleciors
who voted for the successful candidate had
notice of his ineligibility. In the first place
not only because you have so many eleciors
to deal with, scattered over so large a coun-
try, but the very nature of an election by bal-
lot excludes the operation of this rule, and it
ought to exclude it; because in that case you
have no means of ascertaining whether the
elector had such knowledge or not; it is
utterly impossible to say that you can prove
that notice was given to so many thousand
people. That cannot be done, and you cannot
call the men themselves and compel them to
swear, because a man's ballot is his secret,
and you cannot compel a man m any court, in
any legal proceeding anywhere, before a grand
jury or in any otherplace, to testily for whom
he voted. That is his secret. Therefore you
cannot call him and compel him to swear
whether or not he, having this notice, voted
for the man who received the certificate, and
this might result, for instance, that five hun-
dred men desiring to del'eata certain candidate
would vote against him at the poll. If it
turned out afterward, after he was elected,
that he was ineligible, they could get their
man" in to the seat by simply showing that he was
elected by them, they knowing that he was
ineligible. Five hundred mightswear that they
- voted for the man they had voted against, and
had the knowledge, and it would be utterly im-
possible for you every to convict any of them
for perjury, because you cannot compel any
man to swear for whom he voted ; you would
be feeling in the dark in the whole pioceeding;
you open the way, therefore, to perjury which
you could not punish.
For these reasons it seems to me that the
House of Representatives might welt hold
that they will never apply this rule, because it
seems to me absolutely impossible of applica-
tion there. But every argument that can be
urged against applying the rule to the election
of a member to the House of Representatives,
