1204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
triet, during the entire administration of Gov-
ernor Bullock, I never heard of but two par-
dons of persons convicted of crime, and I am
quite sure that the propriety of neither one
could be seriously questioned.
■ Under the government established in Geor-
gia in accordance with the proclamation of
President Johnson in 1865, a savage and
bloody criminal code was adopted. Crimes
which previously had been felonies only were
made capital. Burglary in the night-time,
horse-stealing, arson of old unoccupied out-
houses, which before had been felonies, were
all made capital offenses, and individuals con-
victed of any of these crimes were to be pun-
ished with the extreme penalty of death,
unless the jury trying the case graciously rec-
ommended imprisonment for life in the peni-
tentiary of the Slate. The Governor, upon his
accession to power, therefore, found many per-
sons under sentence of imprisonment for life
where the crime committed consisted in break-
ing and entering some smoke house or corn-
crib, and stealing therefrom a few pounds of
bacon or a trifling quantity of corn, and, in
some cases, under strong mitigating circum-
stances.
When the hour of passion had passed, when
the people had returned to their sober judg-
ments, it was not astonishing that a more
Christian sentiment and a higher regard for
the teachings of an enlightened humanity sug-
gested the propriety of a modification of these
sentences, and in some cases of asking for a
free and full pardon. It is not surprising,
therefore, that the Executive of Georgia lib-
erally dispensed the pardoning power. He
was not only yielding to the popular will, bat
conforming his action to the voice of con-
science and the dictates of common humanity.
Enlightened reason and impartial justice de-
manded it, and to have denied it under the
circumstances would have been to have trifled
with duty and trampled under foot the plain
requirements of acknowledged justice.
Whatever, therefore, may have been the
shortcomings of the Executive of Georgia,
and doubtless he had his share of them, he
did not, after all, so grievously offend in this
particular. In some instances parties were
pardoned before trial, but many of them had
been under indictment for a dozen years or
more; the witnesses upon which the State re-
lied for convictions, as well as those for the
defense, had moved away, or, in some cases,
slept ihe long sleep of death upon some battle-
field of the war; the parlies had become
reconciled, and a further prosecution was not
required for the vindication of the majesty of
the law, and would have resulted often only in
a verdict of acquittal. Let it be remembered,
also, that the exercise of the pardoning power
was not confined to members of his own polit-
ical party, but extended to every case where
the facts and circumstances rendered its use
advisable.
It cannot be said, therefore, that the Gov-
ernor was influenced by partisan spirit, or
acted for the benefit of his political friends.
In some instances pardons were granted for
good behavior to those who had nearly com-
pleted the term of confinement imposed upon
them. In such cases they took effect only a
day or two before the expiration of the term
of confinement imposed by the sentence of the
court, and had the effect to restore the party
thus pardoned to the civil rights of a citizen.
But then, again, it is charged that the people
of Georgia have been robbed and swindled
under Radical rulers, and taxed until their
burdens are too grievous to be borne. While
there has doubtless been mismanagement upon
the part ot some officials, and in some in-
stances peculation, yet the wholesale corruption
charged is not supported by the facts;' nor has
theie been that amount of extravagance which
the Opposition would have the country believe.
For the purpose of arriving at the truth, let us
look to the figures. At the close of the fiscal
year in 1860 the public debt of the State was
$2,670,750. The State was also pledged toarail-
road subscription of $500,000, making the actual
and contingent debt of the Stale §3,170,750.
In 1865 the debt had increased to §5,706,500,
besides the debt contracted in aid of the war,
which was $15,104,726 50, which latter debt
was repudiated, leaving the increase of the
debt, apart from the war debt, $2,585,750.
The public debt of the State in 1868, at-the
inauguration of the reconstructed government,
was $6,544,500, showing an increase of the
debt under a Democratic administration, be-
tween the close of the war and the adoption
ot' the new constitution in 1868, of $838,000.
These figures demonstrate the fact that the
public debt under Democratic rule was in-
creasing with fearful rapidity. The expense
of administering the State government from
the 16th of October, 1866, to the 16th of
October, 1867, under Governor Jenkins, a
Democratic Governor, was $2,689,363 85.
The expense of administering it under Gov-
ernor Bullock from January 1, 1869, to Jan-
uary 1, 1870, was $1,857,825 98, and from the
1st of January, 1870, to 1st of January, 1871,
$1,470,021, showing the expenses of Governor
Bullock's administration to be for the year
1869, $831,037 87, and for the year 1870,
$1,219,342 85 less than those of Governor
Jenkins for the year ending 16th of October,
1867. It will be borne in mind, also, that the
period of time covered by the administi'ation
of Governor Bullock was one of unusual excite-
ment; the voting population had about doubled
in number, much disorder prevailed ; and these
circumstances combined to create an actual
necessity for an increase in expenditures for
the purpose of keeping the machinery of gov-
ernment in motion. And yet we find the most
expensive year of Governor Bullock's admin-
istration, $831,537 87, less than that of his
predecessor, Governor Jenkins.
Now conceding, for the sake of the argu-
ment, that Governor Bullock managed badly,
that he was extravagant and did not properly
care for the public funds, that the public debt
increased under his administration, and the
taxes were onerous; and conceding further,
that Governor Jenkins was all that his parti-
san friends claimed for him ; conceding that
he was a pure patriot and an incorruptible
statesman; nay, more, granting that he was
what the Democracy declared him to be, the
soul of honor and the representative of all
that is commendable in action and praiseworthy
in life—admitting all of this, admitting that he
was irreproachable in character, and possessed
splendid abilities, yet we find that the ex-
penses of his administration for a given period
of time exceed those of Governor Bullock's
administration for a like period of time—a
year being taken as the standard—by the sum
of $831,537 87; and that, too, when the neces-
sity for heavy expenses was in favor of Gov-
ernor Bullock, and the most expensive year
of his administration having been taken for
the comparison. The figures, after all, are
not so damaging to the administration of Gov-
ernor Bullock and the Republican party in
Georgia; and if they show extravagance,
they further show that Democratic rule in
Georgia is obnoxious to the same charge—
just as vulnerable, and rather more so.
On the 1st of January, 1872, the debt of the
State was $8,618,750. At the same date the
contingent liabilities of the State were $7,083,-
400, in which is included a railroad subscrip-
tion, made under Governor Jenkins's adminis-
tration, of $400,000 to the Macon and Bruns-
wick road, making the actual and contingent
debt of the State $15,702,150. The contingent
liabilities cannot properly be considered as a
part of the State debt, as it is hardly probable
that they will ever become a charge upon the
State, she being fully and amply protected.
The State never indorses the bonds of any
road until the extent, of road indorsed for is
actually constructed and in operation, and
then only for a sum equal to one half of the
cost of construction, with a prior lien upon
the entire property of the road, and the right
to take possession to save herself harmless
at any time when the road fails to meet its
obligations.
It is not true, therefore, that the actual in-
debtedness of Georgia is thirty or forty million
dollars, as has been asserted upon the floor of
this House, but her real debt is represented
by the figures $8,618,750. And of that por-
tion accruing under Republican rule a consid-
erable sum was for property purchased by the
State, of absolute necessity and great value.
Persons, therefore, whs assert that Geor-
gia is bankrupt, deal more in fancy than fact.
Nor has there been that extravagance that the
enemies of the new government would have
us believe. It is, no doubt, true that the
expenditures have been much larger than an
economical administration would justify: still,
the larger portion of them have been spent in
the State, and help to swell the individual
wealth of the people.
It is true that the taxes have increased, and
in the very nature of things it could not have
been otherwise. For white the necessity for
revenues has increased, the taxable property
from which they are to be collected since 1860
has greatly diminished. The valuation of tax-
able property in 1860 was $672,292,447; in
1871 it was $240,000,000. The assessed value
of slaves in 1860 was $302,694,855; now, a
total loss. And the results of the war had the
effect to depreciate property otherwise. It is
not wonderful, therefore, that taxation has
increased. Indeed, it is the legitimate effect
of the war with its consequent, desolations.
I presume none of Governor Bullock's
friends will claim for him that he was a great
financier, nor were his ideas of statesmanship
as comprehensive as those of some of his
predecessors. Still, his purposes in the main
were good, and under the policy of his admin-
istration the resources of the State were
largely developed. During his administration
three hundred miles or more of railroad were
built, and a marked stimulus given to the
diversified interests of the country. Even the
construction of the railroads, to which the
State lent its aid, and on account of which
the contingent liabilities of the Slate to the
sum of $7,083,400 exist, had the effect to in-
crease the value of property along their lines
since 1868 to the amount of $14,000,000.
The administration of Governor Bullock
could not in any just sense be styled a carpet-
bag administration. The more important
offices of the government were filled either by
native Georgians or persons fully identified
with the government by long residence and
citizenship. His secretary of State was an
old citizen of Georgia; his treasurer was an
old citizen of the State; his comptroller gen-
eral wa3 a native of the State. The judges of
the supreme court and the superior court judges
were old citizens of the State, enjoying the
confidence of the people, selected with ref-
erence to their capacity and fitness for their
positions, and who have discharged their re-
spective duties with an ability and fidelity
creditable to themselves and honorable to the
State. And like praise may generally be
bestowed upon the officers in the other depart-
ments of the government.
While the Governor remained loyal to the
Republican cause, I believe the most rigid
investigation into his official conduct will fail
to discover on his part any criminal transaclion
whatever. It was not until he began to coquette
with Democracy that divergence from the line
of official rectitude became apparent. For
twelve months or more preceding his depart-
ure from the State we had regarded him as a
convert to the heresies of Democracy. All of
his appointments were Democratic. He gave
his official patronage to members of that party.
When a vacancy occurred upon the supreme
court bench by the resignation of Chief Jus-
