2100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i l 2.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But you were a State out
of the Union for some time.
Mr. POMEROY. "We were not a State out
of tbe Union. No organization has authority
as a State out of the Union..
Mr. EDMUNDS. But you exercised the
authority under the name, as a so-called State.
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; therenever was
a tax collected off these people, never a dollar
collected except what was authorized and col-
lected under the territorial government, and
it could not liave been under any other. We
had not a State government that was recog-
nized that could collect and levy taxes.
Mr. MOIiRILL, of Maine. Now, allow me
to ask the Senator whether it is not true that
the State succeeded to all these liabilities of
the Territory?
Mr. POMEROY. It succeeded to some of
the liabilities, but did not succeed to the crimes.
This was a crime.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. It was no crime.
I am sure the honorable Senator will hardly
put it in that light, because, since the State
has been a State, they have had that identical
question before the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, where the State of Kansas con-
tended that it had a right—-
Mr. POMEROY. That was the Shawnee
case ; not this case.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. But the same
principle precisely. Now, I submit to the hon-
orable Senator whether it is not time that they
did succeed in this particular instance?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir. In the first place
the territorial government did not assess the
lands of the white people; the lands are not
assessed under a territorial government, and
they could not have been assessed upon white
people for two reasons. The first was the want
of patents. We did not have surveying done;
the patents did not pass. The territorial gov-
ernment can assess the improvements; it can
assess the houses, but it cannot assess the
lands until the title passes from the Govern-
ment to the person occupying and holding
the lands. No railroad company pays any tax
on its lands until after the patent issues. That
is the reason why, if these assessments had
been upon white people, they would have
been illegal and void, because the patent had
not passed from the Government. But these
poor Wyandott Indians had a prospective citi-
zenship. The treaty provided that upon the
happening of certain events they might be-
come citizens, and they had a title to these
lands which the territorial government under-
took to assess. They did not have an indi-
vidual patent issued to them, but tiiey had a
patent, in common. These Wyandotts bought
this tract of land many years ago when they
left Sandusky, Ohio, and they held under that
patent, and the territorial government under-
took to assess them under that patent, and
they did assess them, and they paid it, aud it
was done wrongfully and illegally, and the
Government should refund the money. It was
not paid to the State government; it was paid
to the territorial government, to a government
ail the legitimate expenses of which should
have been borne by the General Government.
It did assess these poor Wyandotts, and they
paid $11,000. That is the item I want paid
back.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I think the
Senator is right, that if the Government of the
United States were bound to pay the expenses
of the territorial government, as I suppose
they were, and they alloyed that government
to assess these Indians, and force them, con-
trary to their treaty stipulations, to pay a tax,
in equity and good conscience the Govern-
ment of the United States is bound to pay
that back; but there is still this question,
which as a matter of fact does not seetn to be
quite clear, whether this Was the territorial
government or the State government. As
recited in the Ueaty, it would seem to be the
State government. If so, the honorable Sen-
ator would not contend that the Government
of the United States should pay. It turns to
me, therefore, rather on a question of fact
whether this tax was assessed during the ter-
ritorial period or during the State period.
Mr. POMEROY. If my colleague will read
again that report, he will see what year these
taxes were assessed.
Mr. CALDWELL. The taxes were assessed
for 1859 and 1860.
Mr. POMEROY. We were admitted as a
State in 1861.
Mr. CALDWELL. They could not have
been assessed by the State of Kansas ; they
were assessed by the territorial government
of Kansas.
Mr. COLE. I hope we may have a vote on
the motion of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. CALDWELL. From the very statement
of the Senator from Vermont I almost thought
that I had got hold of some bogus claim. His
speech was very sweeping, and, as my colleague
very aptly said, covered almost anything; but I
do not think it applied at all to this case. I
looked into this case very carefully, and I was
of opinion that the whole amount of $66,000
should have been paid. The Senator says it
has been reduced some forty-three thousand
dollars. Now, does he know what the items
are that were disallowed ? I think the}'were
items that should be paid. 1 will call his
attention to them for a moment:
" By the seventh article of the treaty of 1855 it is
provided ' that the sum of $100,000, invested under
tbe treaty of 1850, together with any accumulation
of said principal sum, shall be paid over to the
Wyandotts m like manner with the $380,000 men-
tioned in the next preceding article, but in two
equal annual installments, commencing in one year
alter the payment of the last installment of the said
above-mentioned sum.'"
Instead of paying this over to the Wyandotts
in money, it was paid over to them in depre-
ciated bonds. I have a memorandum of the
bonds here:
" By the statement of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, now before us, it appears the Government
did not pay these installments in money"—
Recollect, the money was on deposit and
belonged to the Indians, but the Government
declined to pay them in money—
"but in lieu thereof delivered to the Wyandotts,
(who received them under protest,) on the 13th of
.ilnv, 185S>, $52,000 in Tennessee six per cent, bonds;
$1,000 in Missouri six per cent, bonds; R>91 53 m
United States six per cent, bonds ; and on tbe 21th
of March, 1860, $53,000 in Tennessee five per cent,
stock."
These bonds and this stock were sold by the
Wyandotts and converted into cash at a loss
of $18,547. Now. 1 maintain that inasmuch
as the Wyandotts had the money in the Treas-
ury, the United States had no business to pay
them in depreciated stocks and bonds, and
they should in justice be reimbursed for this
loss of $18,547. But the committee of the
present Congress thought otherwise, and that
amount has been stricken out. The other
item that was taken out was interest on de-
ferred payments ; these payments were to be
made at specified times. In addition to that,
there was a sum of $380,000 tha,t was to be
paid to these Indians at specified times. The
money was not paid as stipulated, and the
Wyandotts claimed interest upon the money,
amounting to $11,612. These are the items
that were stricken out; items that I think
should have been allowed to them. The items
that the committee have allowed are, as my
colleague stated, justly due to them.
One item of $3,844 was cash on hand, cash
that belonged to these Wyandotts, that was to
their credit on the books. Another item was
$5,000 in cash. That was stipulated to be
paid by the treaty of 1867 and never paid. I
do not think there is anything bogus about
these claims, and I think the very fact that this
justice has been denied, that this money has
been withheld for these many years, is a reason
why it should now be paid, and I hope the Sen-
ate will take a vote upon the question and that
they will vote to do justice to these Indians.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator had noticed what I said lie would have
remarked lhat I did not make any imputation
at all upon the Senator as to whether this was
a bogus claim or not. I merely alluded to the
practice that had prevailed some years ago. 1
now renew my motion to lay the amendment
on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays-were ordered'; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorm Cole, Conkling, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, denton, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hamilton ot Texas, Kelly, Lewis,
Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Nye, Osborn, liob-
ertson. Stewart, and Vickers—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Caldwell, Clay-
ton, Corbett, Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen,
Harlan, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Patterson, Pome-
roy, Ramsey. Sawyer, Stevenson, Stoekton, Tip-
ton, Wilson, Wmdom, and Wright—20.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Boieman,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Oameron.^Carpenter, Ous-
serly, Chandler, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky. Ferry
ot Connecticut, Flanagan, Gilbert, Goidtiiwaite.
Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock, Howo, Johnston, Kel-
logg, Morton, Pool. Pratt, Rice. Saulsbury, Schura.
Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Sumner, Tllur-
rnan, Trumbull, and West—35.
So the motion Was not agreed to.
Mr. ROBERTSON. It is quite evident to'
my mind that this bill canriot be disposed of
this afternoon. My friend to my right [Mr.
Hitchcock] has four or five amendments
that he wishes to offer. I move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator Will with-
draw that motion until we can get the bill
reported to the Senate.
Mr.' ROBERTSON. I cannot withdraw the
motion, because we have a bare quorum, and
I want a vote on the pending amendment in a
full Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from South
Carolina, that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After six minutes spent in executive
session, the doors were reopened, aud (at five
o'clock and six minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 2, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday, and read a portion of it, when
Mr. DAWES said : If there be no objection,
I move that the further reading of the J ournal
be dispensed with.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. DaWES. I demand the regular order
of business.
RICHARD B. CRAWFORD.
Mr. MOORE. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts yields to me for the purpose of moving
that the House take from the Speaker's table
the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.
R. No. 622) granting a pension to Richard B.
Crawford, in order that I may move a lion-
coucurrence and ask for a committee of con-
ference.
There was no objection, and the House took
from the Speaker's table the Senate amend-
ment; which was read as follows:
In line six of said bill strike outallowanoe of liis
pension byrhePension Bureau," andin lieutbereof
insert " passage of this act."
Mr. MAYNAR1). I should like to ask the
gentleman a question, whether there are not
cases coming before his committee where ap-
plication was made in time to save the pension
Iruin the date of the application, and which
were rejected from some technical defect or
other not affecting the merits of the case, and
whether it is not necessary iu order to do jus-
