808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 8,
Slater, Slosg, Thomas J. Speer, Starkweather, Ste-
veais.Stevenson.Swann, Terry,Van Trump,Waddeil,
WalUen, Wells, Whiteley, W hittborne,1ft illiams ot'
Xcw York, Winchester, and Wood—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Aid bier, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Barry, Beveridtre. Austin Blair, George .M. Brooks,
Buffinton, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Coburn,
Dawes, Donnati. Wilder D. Foster, Garfield, Hale,
George E.Harris,Oerry W. Hazleton, John \V.Hazle-
ton, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Lewis, Lowe,
Maynard, MeCrary, McKee, Mercur, Merriam, Mon-
roe, Moore, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard,
Packer, Palmer, Peek, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Ritchie,
Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sessions, Shanks, Shellabar-
ger, II. Bo and man Smith, John A. Smith, Snapp,
Sprague, Turner, Twiehell, Tyner, Upson, Wake-
man, Waldron, Walls, Wheeler. Willard, Williams
of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wil-
son—65.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Barnnm, Bell,
Bigby, Biggs, Binstham, James Brooks, Campbell,
Carroll, Clarke, Cobb, Co mi n go. Connor, Crebs,
Qreely, Critcher. Darrall, Davis, DeLarge, Dickey,
Duel!, Eames, Edwards, Elliott, Farwell, Forker,
Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Grnlladay, Griffith,
Haldeman, Halsey, Hambleton, Hanks, Harmer,
Havens, Hawley, Hays, Hill, Kellogg, Kendall,
Keteham, Killinger, Kinsella, Lamison, Xamport,
Lansiug, Manson, McGrew, Melntyre, McJunkin,
AleKinney, MeNeely, Merrick, Mitchell, Morey,
Morphis, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron I.Perry,Eli Perry,
Price, Prindle, Rainey, Robinson, Sawyer, Scofield,
£eeley, Shober, Shoemaker, Slocum, WorthingtonC.
Smith. Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Storm, Stoughton,
Stowell, Strong, St. John, Sutherland, Sypher,Taffe,
Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend,
Tuthill, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wallace, Warren,
Washburn, and Young—92.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. McKEE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose of putting upon its
passage a bill to remove the political disabili-
ties of certain citizens of Mississippi.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask the gentleman to
modify his bill so as to make it include every-
body. We have worked away at this thing
long enough. Let us finish up the business
now. The sense of'the House is that way.
There certainly can be no object in keeping on
peddling out amnesty in this way.
Mr. McKEE. If the gentleman will permit
me. I will tell him that these are men who
were candidates for office, and most of them
are Democrats.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I thmk they are
probably the worst men we can grant am nesfy to.
Mr. McKEE. I think so. too. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to see this thing
ended, so that there may no longer be any con-
troversy on the subject.
Mr. McKEB. The House has already passed
a general bill, and every Republican from
Mississippi is in favor of general amnesty, and
votes for it. But, in this case, these men have
been elected to office, but they cannot take
office unless their disabilities are removed.
For that reason we ask this House to pass this
special bill, because we cannot wait for the
slow movements of the Senate on a general
amnesty bill.
Mr. BECK. Is not the purpose of this bill,
in regard to at least one gentleman named in
this bill, Mr. Edmondson, to carry out a bar-
gain that if he has his disabilities removed he
shall not contest the seat of his opponent in
the election ?
Mr. McKEE. Neither of the parties has
presented his credentials. As to a bargain
abotit this matter, the only bargain there is in
Mississippi is this: that if any gentleman, be
he Republican oc Democrat, is elected to office,
all the .Mississippi Republicans will favor a
removal of his disabilities.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I think if the House
will, by a two-thirds vote, pass a general meas-
ure of amnesty and send it to the Senate, that
body cannot refuge to vote for it.
Mr. McKEE, I will vote for general amnesty
with the gentleman every time.
Mr. KLURSRGK. Let us keep sending such
a measure to the Senate until they shall pass it.
Mr. McKEE. As soon as this is passed I
will vote with the gentleman.
The questioa was upon suspending the rales
and passingthe bill (H. R. No. 885:) and being
taken, it was agreed to, upon a division—ayes
ninety-five, noes not counted, two thirds voting
in favor thereof.
Mr. DAWES moved that the House now
adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
cob and whale kishkiuk8.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion: which was read, considered, and adopted :
Jieeolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House the usual number of copies of the report of
Thomas Jefferson, Secretary ot State, to the House
of Representatives, February, 1791. on the subject
of the cod and whale fisheries; also Executive Docu-
ment Ho. 23, of the second session of the Thirty-
Second Congress, on the same suhiect.
payment of bocnties.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask unanimous consent
to submit for consideration at this time the
following preamble and resolution :
Whereas the President, by his proclamation dated
May 3,1861. called for forty-two thousand and thirty
tour volunteer troops for the defense of the Union
, and the enforcement of the laws of the United
States ; and whereas about one hundred and twenty j
thousand troops were accepted by the President and | .... „ ,
\ mustered into the service under said proclamation; i bill for the relief of rrancis A. Eastman, post
i and whereas the Supreme Court of the United States j| master at Chicago, Illinois.
| have decided that the persons who enlisted under M - ---- -
j said proclamation and were honorably discharged !
has been indulging variolic reijoesta for unani-
mous consent.
Mr. ACKER 1 have been endeavoring for
some time to obtain the floor.
The SPEAKER If the gentleman's propo-
sition is one which will create no discussion,
the Chair will be very glad to entertain it.
Mr. COX. I suggest thatto-dayis theanni-
versary of General Jackson's victory at New
Orleans, and we ought to adjourn in honor of
the occasion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Acker] axks unanimous consent
to introduce a bill, the title of which will be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
A bill to remove legal and political disabilities, and
to grant general amnesty.
Several members objected.
Mr. ACKER. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn
takes precedence.
kuan cis a. eastman".
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce, for reference to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, a
from service are entitled to $100 bounty, without t.
reference to the time served by any such persons: i
and whereas the Second Comptroller of the Treasury 1;
has decided that not exceeding forty-two thousand is
and thirty-four persons are entitled to bounty under
i said proclamation as construed by the Supreme ;j
j Court: Therefore, _ :
\ Revolved. That the Committee on Military Affairs !i
I be instructed to report a bill providing fur the pay- !j
| ment of the bounty promised in said proclamation ,,
i to all persons who were mastered into the military
| service of the United States under it, and have not j
1 already received that bounty. j
Mr. DAWES. That instructs the commit- l!
tee to report the bill without making any
inquiry into the fact. Let the gentfeman
make his resolution one of inquiry, and 1 will
not oppose it.
Mr. XIBLACK. I much prefer the per-
emptory form, for the reason that this matter
has already been delayed two years, awaiting
the action of Congress, and none has been
taken. All the claims are suspended until
Congress shall take some action.
Mr. DAWES. I understand the whole mat-
ter is now before the Committee on Military
Affairs. I do not thick it is proper to instruct
them to report a bill without inquiring into the
facts.
Mr. NIBLACK. I will modify my reso-
lution so that it will read "be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of reporting a
bill,'' &c.
The resolution, as modified,was then adopted.
silver coinage.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Revolved, That the Committee on Coinage, Weights,
and Measures be instructed to inquire and report
whether the intrinsic value of the silver coinage, as
compared with the gold coinage, is not above that of
other nations, and greater than is necessary in coins
designed for subsidiary purpose-: only, and to be
retained permanently in the country; also whether
it would not be proper to exact scignorage from the
silver coinage equal to the cost of fabrication, dis-
tribution, and recoinage at the public expense of
coins worn by natural abrasion below the legal
standard weight, and whether the requiring of such
a. seignorage would not reduce the standard of the
silver win to an extent, sufficient to prevent their
exportation as bullion in the ordinary fluctuation
of the bullion market, and give the public the advan-
tage of a metallic currency for purposes of change,
such coinage to be limited as to the amount of legal
tender and issue.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. ACKER. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of passing the bill which I send
to the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain a motion to suspend the rules, as there is
now pending a motion to adjourn. The Chair
Mr. RANDALL. 1 object to the reference
of that bill to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads. It isan application for relief,
and should go to the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnswohth] consent to that, ref-
€f6fic6 ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir. The bill
properly should go before the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. RANDALL. It is nothing but a claim
for relief.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. .Very well; I with-
draw the bill for the present,
indian affairs.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
RrKolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be authorized to investigate and report in writing at
any time to the House the condition and the man-
agement, by Government officials and other persons,
of Indian afi'airs with the Choctawa. Chickas&we,
Cherokee?, and other tribes, nations, bands, or in-
dividual Indians, touching the subject of annuities,
pensions, bounties, bounty lands, and the moneys
paid under treaties and laws of Congress, and that
the committee have power to send for persons and
papers, and to take testimony to enable it to make
such investigation and report.
isaac v. d. iikevb.
Mr. COBURN. by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 8.%) for the relief
of Isaac V. D. Reeve, of the United States
Army: which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
execution of stcdf.nts in ccba.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
message from the President, of the United
States; which, with the accompanying letter
of the Secretary of State, was read as follows:
To the House of Reprexcntatices:
In answer to the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives ot the 6th instant, reque^hnt? informa-
tion m regard to certain measures mlh reference to
the &pauish West Indie*. 1 transmit reporia iVuiit
the becretary of State and of the Navy, with the
documents by which they are accompanied.
v $ txKANT.
Executive Mansion', imctmbtr 20. iHi.
To the President:
The Secretary of State, to whom basbe^n referred
that part ot^ the re?< lution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 0th ins? ant which re^tif^t* informa-
tion relating to the execution of medical students
and the failure of the Spanish Government to carry
out in us W es*t India colonies the reforms volun-
tarily proimscd by the statesmen of Spain. bi*4 the
honor to lay betory the President the paper* specified
in the hubjoined list.
Respectfully submitted,
n , HAMILTON FISH.
jukl'artmknt of bt1tk 
Washington, JMvnnlrr 20, 1871.
