'2996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
of the Interior for that purpose, and shall be
sold at not legs than the appraised value, in the
same manner as the residue of the unallotted
and unoccupied lands herein provided to be
sold. The proceeds of all tLie sales here-
inbefore provided for, after deducting the
expenses of such sales, and of the appraise-
ment of said school section, shall be paid to
said Miami Indians in the manner prescribed
in the third section of this act.
The third section provides that all the money
found to be due, or to become due, to the
said Miami Indians under existing treaty stip-
ulations, including the balance ot the twenty
annual installments provided by the third arti-
cle of the treaty of June 5, 1854; the §50,000
directed by the third article of said treaty to
be invested for educational purposes or objects
of a beneficial character; the commutation of
the permanent provision for the support of a
blacksmith shop and miller, (being the sum
of $30,800,) as provided by the fifth article
treaty of October 6, 1818, the fifth article
treaty of October 23, 1834, and the fourth
article treaty of June 5, 1854, together with
all sums of money that shall be ascertained
by the Treasury Department to be due said
Miami tribe of Indiana on account of unex-
pended appropriations, and the net proceeds
of the sales authorized and provided for in
the second section hereof shall be consoli-
dated, and within eighteen months from the
date of the passage of this act shall, under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
be paid per capita, share and share alike, to
the members of said Miami tribe of Indians
residing in Kansas at the date hereof, includ-
ing those persons of Miami blood or descent,
for whom provision was made by the third
section of the act of June 12, 1858, and their
descendants; provided that no portion of said
consolidated fund shall be paid to any mem-
ber of said tribe or person of Miami blood or
descent, who has drawn annuities or money or
received allotments of land from any other
tribe or tribes of Indians at any time since
the removal of the Miami tribe of Indians to
Kansas.
The fourth section provides that within sixty
days from the passage of ihisactthe President
shall appoint, a commission, not to exceed
three persons, whose duty it shall be to exam-
ine and report to the Secretary of the Interior,
for confirmation and final adjustment, the
amount, if anything, due the Miami tribe of
Indians on account of any or all of the follow-
ing items, namely: first, the difference between
paper and gold in payment of interest on in-
vested funds due said Miamies ; secondly, the
amounts due on errors made in fixing the
sums in ihe treaty of 1854 for the cession of
lands therein, on account of deficiency in
quantity of land, and tenure of the Indians in
the lands ceded thereby, and also on account
of mistakes in the sum stated in the said treaty
as commutation of the perpetual annuity fund
of $25,000 per annum.
The fifth section provides that the sum of
$10,000 be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated to reimburse the Miami Indians of
Kansas the expenses incurred by them in
sending delegations to Washington from time
to time, by order of the Indian department,
to make treaties with the Government; pro-
vided that no greater sum of this appropria-
tion shall be paid than has been actually ex-
pended by the said Indians.
The sixth section provides that the pay-
ments provided to be made by this act shall
be in full discharge of all obligations on the
part of the United States arising out of the
various treaties made with, or laws of the
United States in favor of, said Miami tribes
of Indians.
The seventh section provides that the pro-
visions of this act shall not in any way affect
the rights or claim* of those individual Miamies
or persons of Miami blood or descent who are
named in the corrected list referred to ia the
Senate amendment to the fourth article oi the
treaty of June 5, 1854, or their descendants.
The Clerk read the amendments of the com-
mittee as follows:
In the first section, line seven, after the word
44 States'* insert ''but the dissolution ot the tribal,
relations and acceptance of citizenship snail not
impair or destroy any rights or claims ot saici
Indians in any property or estate not mentioned m
this act." ^ ,, A
In the third section, twenty-first line, after the
word " hereof,"strike out the word ' including, and
in lieu thereof insert the words "and also.
In section three, lino thirteen, after ^ the word.
"since," btrike out the remaining portion, ot the
section, and insert these words: 4> the ratification ot
the treaty of June 5, 1854, or to any persons or their
descendants named in the corrcctcd lists referred to
tn Senate Amendment to the fourth articlo oi the
treaty of June 5,185-1: Provided oho, That before the
distribution of said consolidated luudasm themnn-
ner hereinbefore specified, the Secretary of the In-
terior is herebv directed t,o deduct therefrom a sum
of money equivalent to the aggregate amount re-
ceived by tho^e persons of Mi<i,tni blood and doscent
for whom provision was made bvtlie third section of
the act of June 12,1858, out of the annual annuities
paid since the passage of said act to individual
Miamies referred to in the corrected lists of the
Senate amendment to said treaty of June 5,1854,
and to pay the same to the said Miami Indians em-
braced in said corrected lists."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Illinois. 1 ask permission
of the gentleman from Ohio, who reported
this bill back from the committee, to offer an
amendment.
Mr. SMIfH, of Ohio. I must decline to
yield for that purpose, and will call the pre-
vious question.
Mr. RICE. of Illinois. I should like to
have the amendment read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. —. That nothing in this act contained shall
bo of any force or validity if, m tbe opinion of the
Attorney General, it is contrary to or in conflict
with tbe treaty between the United States and the
said Miami tribe of Indians, dated .June 5, 1854.
and Senate amendments thereto, or other treaties
between the same parties, it being the object aDd
intention of tho tjovsrnmeut to observe its con-
tracts with the Indians in good faith, and not allow
them to be violated.
Mr. RICE. of Illinois. Will the gentleman
let me explain why I want to offer that amend-
ment ?
Mr. SMITH, of Ohio. I will yield to the
gentleman for five minutes.
Mr. RICE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, the
object, of the amendment is for the purpose
of protecting the treaty rights of the western
Miami Indians, who, according to their view
and the view of those who have given atten-
tion to the question, are jeopardized by the
provisions of this bill.
Not wishing to propose any amendments
that are merely captious, I desire to put such
a qualification in the bill as will preserve the
treaty rights of the western Miamies accord-
ing to the construction of the Attorney Gen-
eral, referring the question to him rather than
to the Indian Office. That is the whole object
of my amendment.
I understand that these lands, these reserved
lands belonging to the western Miamies, are to
be sold by this bill, and that the proceeds of
the sale are to be distributed, not only to the
western Miamies, who are now the tribe proper,
but that other persons are to be included, who
by the terms of the treaty, as we understand
it, have no right to participate in that fund.
Then there is another objection to the bill
as it stands, which the amendment will meet.
Certain persons claim the right to participate
in the proceeds of the sale of these lands,
who are Indians belonging to that portion of
the tribe remaining in Indiana, and who were
never admitted by the terms of the treaty,
according to the corrected list of the Indiana
Indians, to be entitled to the funds distributed
to them by the Government. I insist, that no
persons known as Indiana Indians, who never
emigrated West with the tribe to this reserva-
tion, are entitled to draw from ttie fund, ex-
cept those who are included in the corrected
list referred to in this bill and in the treaty;
and that if other persons are to be added it
cannot be done by a decision of the Depart-
ment 01' the Indian office, but that by the
terms of the treaty they are to be added by
the council of the tribe, or what remains of -
the tribe in the State of Indiana ; that if they
wish to draw from the fund appropriated to
the Indiana Indians, or from the fund appro-
priated to the western Miamies, it can only be
done with tho consent of these tribes, or parts
of tribes ; and th-it under the treaty no person
can properly be on that list to participate in
this distribution who is not put on by the con-
sent of these Indians in council.
The object of this amendment is that this
bill shall be operative to all intents and pur-
poses, except where it comes in conflict with
the provisions of the treaty of 1834. or the
treaty theretofore made between the Govern-
ment, of the United States and the tribe of
Miami Indians. There are two points in
which I desire to protect the rights of the
western Miami Indians: first, that the pro-
ceeds of the lands which belong to those who
emigrated, not those who remained in Indiana,
shall go to them; and secondly, that no per-
son shall be allowed to draw from these funds
who have never been recognized by the tribes
themselves in council as belonging to the
tribes.
Now, I understand that on the list in the
Indian office there are persons who are really
French, who have very little Indian blood in
them, and also persons who belong to the
Pottawatomie trioe, who were never recog-
nized as belonging to the Miami tribe. Will
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Smith] accept
the amendment or allow the House to vote
upon it?
Mr. SMITH, of Ohio. Icannotconsenttoit.
Mr. RICE, of Illinois. I hare evidence,
although it is not now in my deek, that these
persons have never been recognized as a part
of the tribe, either by the Indiana Indians or
by the western Miamies. I do not see that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Smith] can have
any objection to allowing this bill to operate
to its lull extent, with the qualification that it
shall not operate to the violation of the prop-
erty Secured to these Indians by treaty, and
that that question shall be referred to the
Attorney General, who is the proper officer
t,o decide the question of law for the Govern-
ment.
Mr. SMITH, of Ohio. This bill was framed
for the express purpose of meeting to some
extentthe very objections which thegemleman
from Illinois [Mr. Rice] has presented. We,
by the terms of the bill, exclude the Miami
Indians of Indiana, and others not belonging
properly to the tribe, and we divide the wnol#
proceeds among the western Miamies, who,
under the treaty of 1854 and the statute of
1858, received an allotment. As an evidence
that those who are placed there under the
statute of 1858 are members of that branch
of the western Miamies, they hold allotments
of two hundred acres each in the lauds re-
served. And by a treaty which was proposed
in 1869, but not ratified by the Senate, provis-
ion was made for the final disposition of all
their property. The Miamies proposed then
to recognize, and did recognize those tribes
placed out West by the law of 1858 as part or
their tribe, by providing, in the treaty of 1869,
that their children should share with the chil-
dren of the rest. This was sanctioned by the
head-men oi the tribe. The bill therefore pro-
tects both points tbe gentleman has referred
to. The Miami Indians of Indiana are ex-
pressly excluded by the terms of the treaty,
and this bill is framed m accordance with said
provision of the treaty.
Mr. SHANKS. I wish to call the attention
of the House to the fact that by the treaty of
1840 the Miami Indians of Indiana were to
move west of the Mississippi river. In ac-
cordance with a law passed in 1850 they were
allowed six years to go, and in 1846 they were
provided with territory by the executive
