256
APPjB&DIX to the congressional globe.
[April 12,
Senate.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Carpenter.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
only strengthens the argument in the case of
the election of Senators. The difficulty in
applying it there is the vast extent'of territory
and the great number of electors. Here you
have a few electors sitting in a place estab-
lished by law. There you have no possibility
of proving the electors voted, for what candi-
date, no possibility of carrying the notice home
to them, because there is so large a numberto
deal with. Here you have but a few men who
must make the election, at a place and on a
day fixed by law; and whether they knew or
did not know of the disqualification, you can
positively' ascertain. So that every argument
that may be made for the House of Bepre-
sentatives, establishing a different rule, is au
argument here- in favor of the Senate estab-
lishing this rule.
I will now very briefly refer to what I think
is the strongest point made against Mr. Abbott,
and a point which at first sight hSs some
strength and is entitled to be considered; and
that is, that this Legislature had a right to sup-
pose that Congress would remove Mr. Vance's
disability, as Congress had in other cases
removed the disability of men who had been
elected under these State governments. I
recollect now I have already alluded to that.
The answer and the reason why it is not a
valid argument is, that the mistake is not any
mistake at all in a legal sense, it was mere
hope and expectation on their part, which has
turned out adversely to them, and which does
not entitle them to be relieved.
In the next place, in regard to this legisla-
tion, it was a part of the reconstruction of
these-governments ; like, for instance, the case
of North Carolina, to remove the disabilities
of her Governor and her judges was an abso-
lute necessity to put that government into oper-
ation. Now, legislation by Congress clearly
within its constitutional power at the time and
growing out of emergencies of revolution and
civil war, which rendered such action abso-
lutely necessary, ought not to be pressed by
analogy to control the ordinary decisions of
the Senate in times of peace. The reason of
the rule fails, and the law should stop where
its reason stops.
The matter was a good deal discussed in the
convention that met after calling the king to
the throne, at the restoration of Charles II.
Some astute men in Parliament discovered
that Parliament itself was illegal because they
had not been summoned by writs signed by
the king. There was great commotion on the
subject, and a great disposition to throw up
their hands and go home. It was replied to
that, that if they were Parliament enough to
call the king to his place, they ought to be a
Parliament for all other purposes. It is said
that a very distinguished lawyer put this illus-
tration : their act in coming together was rev-
olutionary, no doubt about that; they came
without the legal formality of a writ from the
king ; but he said that was a necessity of the
case, and the necessity vindicated it. He said
the argument that was made ou the other side,
that there could be no Parliament to call a
king back to the throne until they could be sub-
penaed by a writ signed by the king, was just
as absurd as it would be for a man lost in the
woods to say he never would take a step to-
ward home except upon the king's highway ;
he must go a certain distance betore he could
strike the highway.
So an important revolution like that through
which we have passed, where the State gov-
ernments wheeled out of the Union, and
formed another government and were finally
overthrown by force of arms, and you had to
reconstruct over au unfriendly constituency,
you had to do things that you would not do
ordinarily. It was an abnormal condition of
things; it was a trammeling up of the conse-
quences of a civil war not to be accomplished
by the ordinary course of civil administration.
So that these acts of Congress ought not be
pressed as precedents.
All that was done in those cases was for
Congress merely to remove the disability.
Noboby doubts they could do it. Congress
never decided that those men who had been
elected and whose disability was removed
should take their seats in the House. The
Senate never did that. That was a question
for the House of Representatives to determine
after the disability was removed, whether they
would treat the election as void or valid. The
Senate had nothing to do with it. The Senate
never attempted to express any opinion on the
subject. The House sent a bill to us and asked
us to remove such a man's disability. The
Senator says you knew perfectly well that it
was to let him take a seat. Yery well, it was
a mere act of courtesy toward the House. They
are the judges of the election and qualification
of their own members. If they establish a
rule in the teeth of our rule and in the face of
our convictions, they are to be respected in
executing it, and we may help them to execute
it. That is their business, not ours. But we
are not bound to follow their precedents against
our own judgment in regard to this election
of our own members, because that would make
them the judges of our elections as well as of
their own.
All that we have done, then, was constitu-
tional. We have removed disabilities from
these men. If the House has seated them,
that, is the business of the House, not the busi-
ness of the Senate, and we have no right to
criticise it, no right to examine it, and the
other side of this discussion, it seems to me,
have no fair right to draw any analogy from
it, or any argument from it as applicable to
this case.
I will turn now to the statute, and call
attention to it very briefly, and with that con-
clude.
In the first place, by the Constitution of the
United States the Legislatures of the several
States have the power to elect Senators, and to
regulate the time, place, and manner of such
elections, subject, however, to the authority of
Congress. Under that provision of the Consti-
tution Congress passed this act in 1866, and
it is claimed that under this act it is necessary
that to be elected a man should have a major-
ity of all the voters present. I shall not take
time to read the statute, but can state what it
is. It provides for two things. It provides
for the election of a Senator on a day fixed,
by the two houses sitting as branches of the
State Legislature. It simply provides that, aB
to that election, the man shall be declared
elected who has. received the greatest number
of votes cast. The distinction between that
and the other case, and the reason why in one
case they did not regulate it, and in the other
did, I gave before ; at least my understanding
of it. In the first instance they were dealing
with bodies existing by law ; they were deal-
ing with bodies that iu the different States
would have conflicting rules as to a quorum.
For instance, in Massachusetts one third may
be a quorum; in Wisconsin it is necessary
to have a majority; so that the act of Con-
gress in that respect does not pretend to inter-
fere with the election at all if accomplished
by the Legislature on the first day, bat leaves
it entirely to the Legislature to be regulated
by the law and practice of the Legislatures in
the several States.
It might happen, for instance, in Wisconsin,
under our law as to a quorum, that there must
be a certain proportion of the body, and in
Massachusetts a smaller proportion to make
the election; but Congress dealing with the
Legislature did not mean to tamper with it,
did not mean to regulate its practice, did not
mean to interfere with it, but simply to say on
what day they should elect and that they
should do it by viva voce vote. But as the two
houses might disagree, and in some of the
States the joint assembly was unknown in
practice, Congress provided that if the Legis-
lature acting in the ordinary way and under
the State law should not effect au election
on the first day, then a certain other tribu-
nal shall be organized to effect an election.
This part of the act was dealing with a new
subject, that is, new in some of the States.
They passed from the Legislature, which they
leave to be regulated by the State law as to
quoram and practice on the first day; but if
they fail on that day to make an election, Con-
gress creates the tribunal which shall make it.
That tribunal being a new one, it was neces-
sary to regulate the practice of it; it was ne-
cessary to fix the quorum of it; it was neces-
sary to determine what portion of the members
present must vote for a man in ordei; to elect,
and they did so.
It is one of the well-settled and universally-
conceded canons for construing a statute that
every phrase and sentence is supposed to have
been used for the purpose of giving the statute
some meaning it would not otherwise have. I
have cited in the minority report from Dwarris,
who lays down the rule as follows:
"It is a safe method of interpreting statutes to
give effect to the particular words of the enacting
clauses. For when the Legislature in the same sen-
tence uses different words, the courts of law will
presume that they were used in order to express
different ideas. So, if there be a material alteration
in the language used in the different clauses, it is to
be inferred that the Legislature knew how to use
terfas applicable to the subject-matter. ' The several
inditing and penningof the different branches,' said
the judges in Edrick's case, 'doth argue that the
maker did intend a difference of the purviews and
remedies.'"
Of course I might with an hour's examina-
tion cite fifty eases to the same proposition.
It is unnecessary to do so, because it is a well-
settled canon of construction. If the Legis-
lature dealing with two subjects provide one
thing as to one, and as to the other a different
thing, or provide more things in regard to one
than the other, especially when it is in the
same statute aud both subjects preseut at the
same time in the legislative mind, the pre-
sumption is that every sentence was used for
the purpose'of giving it Some meaning that
the act would not have had without that sen-
tence. Now, when you take this statute and
apply to it this rule, you find that iu regulating
the election by the two houses on the first
day all it requires is that the man should have
a majority of the votes cast, be they few or many,
be they half a quorum or three fourths of a
quorum, or any number, whatever votes are
cast the man who has the majority of them on
that day is elected ; always provided there is a
quorum, according to the law of the State,
present.
But when you come to the other provision
you find a different provision, that is, " aud a
person having a majority of all the votes of
said joint assembly," not the highest number
of votes cast, as in the other case, but "hav-
ing a majority of all the votes of said joint
assembly, a majority of all the members
elected to both houses being present and vot-
ing, shall be declared duly electedthat whole
sentence is added when treating of the second
election, and is not found at all in regard to
the first. Now, why was it added? Was it
added not to make any difference between the
two cases? The courts all say it was added
for the purpose ef requiring in the latter case
what might not be necessary in the former
case. As to the case of an election by the
two houses acting separately whether it would
be necessary to have a majority of the quorum
or not depends on the practice in the States,
because Congress left that matter to the Legis-
latures. In the other case Congress erected a
new tribunal, and they regulated its practice,
