1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1205
t,ice Brown, we find him filling that place with
Judge Lochrane, a gentleman who in 1868
was the Democratic nominee for Congress in
the fourth congressional district of Georgia.
When a vacancy occurred in the judgeship of
the Tallapoosa circuit, we find him filling that
position with Hon. W. F. Wright, Democratic
nominee for Congress in 1871 for the third
congressional district of Georgia. In the
Fulton circuit we find him placing upon the
bench Hon. John L. Hopkins, a distinguished
member of the Democratic party, who, in the
gubernatorial contest, canvassed with telling
effect against the Governor's own election.
It is said that of the two hundred employes
upon the State road a large majority of them
were Democratic; and the same tale might
be told of all the appointments made through-
out the entire State. If guilty of malfeasance
in his administration it must have occurred
after his defection from the Republican party ;
and while all of the presumptions are in favor
of innocence until guilt is shown, yet his de-
parture from the State under the circum-
stances which occurred affords some gi'ound
for such belief. It may be very safely said that
the transactions involving his official honor
were bad after he got the consent of his mind
to align himself with the Democracy, a thing
for which the Republican party is in no meas-
ure responsible.
Allowing the past to have its full weight,
every conscientious and reflecting mind must
doubtless come to tbe conclusion that the ma-
terial prosperity of the State depends upon the
ascendency of Republican principles. The
Republican party is essentially a party of
progress. Under its rule, education is dis-
seminated among all the children of the land.
It would erect a school-house in every com-
munity, and for a reign of ignorance, substitute
one of intelligence. Recognizing the dignity
of labor, it would extend encouragement to
all the toiling sons of industry. Where it holds
sway school-teachers and ministers of the gos-
pel can go in the performance of their high
missions without harm or injury—invaluable
auxiliaries in the march of progress and civil-
ization. Guaranteeing all the rights of citi-
zenship to every one, and clothing every man
with all the privileges of a freeman, it throws
wide open the avenues to preferment, and
recognizes merits only as the passport of the
man. Congressional reconstruction in Georgia
has been an acknowledged success under the
Government to which it has given birth; the
desolations of the war are rapidly disappear-
ing, and a people whose energies were par-
alyzed and hopes dismayed are realizing con-
stant accretions to their wealth and prosperity!
Upon the sites of burnt towns magnificent
cities are springing into existence, and where
were to be seen barren fields a generous agri-
culture presents its bountiful harvests. The
murmurs of the stream which but a few years
ago rolled along in silent grandeur is now
hushed by the music of the busy factory.
Under the influence of their beneficent sway
all the noble impulses of a generous humanity
are called into action, and every one, feeling
that freedom is his inheritance, strives for a
higher place in the scale of an honorable man-
hood. In this contest the colored man is not
indifferent to the claims which society has upon
him, nor does he underestimate the boon
which the friends of freedom have bestowed
upon him. Right nobly has he acted his part
sinco the manacles of slavery were stricken
from his limbs, and he sent forth upon the
mission of life with all the rights of a citizen
and an equal before the law. Nor is his mind
vailed in the night of darkness which the ene-
mies of human liberty would fain have the
country believe.
It is true, that in the arts and sciences, in
polite literature and classic lore, the colored
voting population have not yet made much
advancement; but they are keenly alive to all
the duties of good citizenship and fairly com-
prehend the principles of government upon
which the substantial prosperity of the nation
depends. Nor has he, as a general thing, been
immodest in his aspirations for positions of
honor and trust. In many instances he has
been compelled to seek position because there
was no one of the more favored race who
would consent to become the exponent of the
principles of his party. It is not strange,
therefore, that he has been found in conven-
tions which made organic law, and in Legis-
latures which enacted the needful laws for the
government of the country. That he is worthy
of the elective franchise is abundantly shown
by the care and fidelity with which he has ex-
ercised it. And that party which conferred it
upon him, and which would secure him in its
peaceful enjoyment, deserves to live forever in
the memory of a grateful people.
Mr. Speaker, I have said thus much, not
in vindication of Governor Bullock, for I
aspire to no such task, but to aid the cause
of truth, and to relieve Georgia, in so far as I
can, from the circulation of a slander that
must inevitably damage her credit, cripple
her resources, exclude from her borders the
emigrant with his capital and enterprise, and
exert a blighting influence upon all of her
prospects for wealth and prosperity. I speak
for Georgia and her government, feeling as-
sured that every one who makes her his home,
may enter the race for wealth, prosperity, and
happiness with a fair prospect of achieving
success.
Mr. WHITELEY. If no other gentleman
desires to address the House at this time, I
will move that the House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CROCKER : The petition of E. Mur-
doek and 11 others, citizens of Winchendou,
Massachusetts, for reform in civil service.
Also, the petition of Rodney Wallace and
23 firms and individuals of Fitchburg, Massa-
chusetts, for reform in civil service.
By Mr. MONROE: The petition of A. H.
Johnson and 12 others, citizens of Lorain
county, Ohio, praying Congress to make an
appropriation for improvement of the harbor
of Black river. Ohio.
_ By Mr. WHLTTHORNE: The memorial of
citizens of Stewart county, Tennessee, for a
post route from Dover to Tobacco Port, &c.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 26,1872. •
The Vice President resumed the chair.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Friday
last was read and approved.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of February 12, a list of the military
reservations in and near the city of San Fran-
cisco, California, giving the name and approx-
imate extent in acres of each; which was
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of War, transmitting, in obedience
to law, additional information comprised in
the report of Lieutenant Colonel W. F. Ray-
nolds, regarding a recent survey of the Missis-
sippi river opposite the mouth of the Missouri;
which was referred to the Committee oil Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Postmaster General, transmitting, in response
to a resolution of the Senate of the 30th ultimo,
the names of persons claiming compensation
for mail service in Louisiana prior to 1861;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented_ the
memorial of the Legislature of the Territory
of Montana, asking compensation for equip-
ments, horses, arms, and ammunition furnished
to maintain a military forcc called into service
in the year 1867; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Virginia, requesting Congress to take
up and at once act upon tbe question of the
tax upon tobacco, by enacting a uniform rate
of tax upon all kinds aud descriptions of man-
ufactured tobacco and snuff, at the lowest pos-
sible rate consistent with the interest of the
General Government; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Virginia in favor of the passage of a
law refunding to the people of the cotton-
growing States the amount of tax collected
on cotton during the years 1865, 1800, and
1867 ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of South Carolina, asking Congress to
remove the political disabilities of Thomas
Crymes, of Anderson county, South Carolina;
which was referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the Territory of Montana, praying for the pas-
sage of the supplementary civil rights bill ;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. COLE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of California, asking the abolition
of the duty oil quicksilver; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California, asking the establishment
of a post road from Shasta county to Lake
City, Siskiyou county, California; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. MORTON presented apetition of eighty-
four soldiers of Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Indi-
ana regiments, praying for the passage of an
act granting a bounty of $8 33£ a month to
all honorably discharged soldiers and sailors
for the entire time served, and for an amend-
ment to the twenty-fifth section of the act ap-
proved July 15, 1870, so as to permit soldiers
or sailors to enter the amount of land therein
allowed without the requirements of settle-
ment and cultivation ; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce, of New Orleans,
in favor of an appropriation of $150,000 for
the improvement of Red river; which was
referred to the select Committee on the Levees
of the Mississippi River, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
James Johnson, of Brooklyn, New York, pray-
ing that a pension of thirty dollars per month
be granted to him ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a memorial of Samuel
Townsend and others, citizens of Baltimore,
Maryland, asking an amendment of the Con-
stitution of the United States, to provide that
no candidate shall hereafter be eligible to any
Federal office who is addicted to the use of
intoxicating liquors as a beverage; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CRAGIN presented the memorial of
Rear Admiral Charles W ilkes, United States
Navy, protesting against, the construction of
tbe act of 1870, regulating the pay of naval
officers, adopted by the Fourth Auditor of the
