1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2103
ments a bill (H. R. No. 873) for the relief of
settlers on the Osage lands in the State of
Kansas.
The hill, which was read, provides in the
first section that the Osage Indian trust, and
diminished reserve lands in the State of Kan-
sas shall be subject to disposal, for cash only,
to actual settlers, in quantities not exceeding
one hundred and sixty acres, or one quarter
section to each, in compact, form, in accord-
ance with the general principles of the pre
emption laws, under the directiou of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Claimants are to file their declaratory state-
merits as prescribed in other cases upon un-
oifered lands, and to pay for the tracts, respect-
ively, settled upon within one year from date
of settlement, where the plat of survey is on tile
at that date, and within one year from the filing
of the township plat in the district office where
fruoh plat is not on hie at date of settlement.
The second section provides that any actual
settler upon these lands who may have failed
to pay tor and enter the land settled upon by
him under the act of July 1-5, 1870. prior to
the 15th of November, 1871, as required bv the
instructions of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Laud Office, shall have three months from
the date of this act m which to file his declara-
tory statement, and shall be required to prove
up his claim and pay for the land before the
1st day of January, 187-3. In case of failure
of any party to comply with the provisions of
this act., the land claimed by him or her is to be
subject to the settlement and entry of any other
qualified person. The third section provides
that the saie or transfer by any settler of his or
her claim upon any portion of these lauds, prior
to the issue of the Commissioner's instructions
of April 20, 1871, shall not operate to preclude
the right of entry under the provisions of this act
upon another tract settled upon subsequent to
such sale or transfer. But satisfactory proof
ofgood faith is to be furnished upon such subse-
quent settlement. The restrictions of the pre-
emption laws relating to previous enjoyment
ot the preemption right, to removal from one's
own land m the same State, or to the owner-
ship of over three hundred and twenty acres,
ate not to apply to any settleractually residing
on his or her claim at the date of the passage
of this act.
The amendments reported by the committee
were read, as follows:
In line four of section one, aftci the word " Kan-
sas, " insert " except the sixteenth and thirty-sixth
sections in each township."
At the end ot section two add the following:
J'/ovidcd, That all the persons availing them-
selves of the provisions of this section shall be re-
quired to pay, and there sh: II be collected from
them at the time of m;i king payment for their lands,
interest on the total amounts paid by them respect-
ively, at the rate of five per cent, per annum from
the date at which they would have to make pay-
ment under the act ot July 15, 1870. until theda/c
ot actual pavnient: Provided jiotlfr, That the
twelfth section of said act ot July 15, 1870. is hereby
so amended that the aggregate amount of the pro-
ceeds of sale loceivcd pi u>r to the 1-1 dij of Mai eh
of each year shall be the amount upon which the
payment of interest shall be based.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. This bill has been pre-
pared so as to fnlbll our legal and treaty obli-
gations to the Osage Indians, and m pursuance
of the views of the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs and the Commissioner of the General
Land Office. I ask that the letters on_ this
subject from those two officers maybe printed
in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
it will be so ordered. •
There was no.objection.
The letters are as follows:
Department or the Tntetuor,
(tknkual Land Office.
"Washington, 1). 0., January^, 3872.
Sir: In accordance with your verbal request I
havo the honor to inclose the draft of a bill, which,
should it receive conoressumnl sanction, it is be-
lieved will afford relief to a lur^c class of settlers on
th'- Osase la.nds m Kansas.
This bill has been prepared after a careful con-
sideration of all the points involved, and with a
view of granting to the settlers tho largest la,titudo
compatible with the laws and rules governing this
branch of the public servicc. The interests in-
volved, as well as the pressing wants of tho class of
settlers seeking aid, prompt me to urge your early
and earnest action in favor of the measure.
Very respectfully,
WILLIS DRUMM0ND,
Commissioner*
Hon. D. P. Lo\ve,
House of Representatives, Washington, D. C.
—•
Department of the IntkrioRj
Office of Indian Affairs.
Washington, D. C , January 19, 187*2.
Sin: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy
of House bill Isrtf. 873, entitled "A bill for therohef
of the settlers on the Osage lands in the State of
Kansas," and submit the following to be added as a
proviso to the second section thereof, namely :
Provided, That all the persons availing themselves
of the provisions of this section shall bo required
to pay, and there shall be collected from them at the
tune of making payment for their lands, interest on
the total amounts paid by them respectively, at tho
rate of five per cent, per annum, from the date at
which they would have been required to make pay-
ment under the act. of July 15,1870, until the date of
actual payment,: Provided further. That the twelfth
section of said act of July 15, 1870, is hereby so
amended that the aggregate amount of the proceeds
of sale received prior to thelst day of Mai ch of each
year shall be the amount upon which the payment
of interest shall be based.
This provision is for the payment of interest at the
rate of five per cent, for the benefit of the Osage
Indians, while the extension provided for in this bill
will probably be an advantage of twelve to twenty
per cent, to the settlers.
With this addition to the bill there is no reason
known to this office why the sameshould not become
a law.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
F. A. WALKEtt,
Commissioner.
lion. J. II. KrcrouvM. Chairman Committee on Public
Lands, House oj tlppi exentalivev,
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engiossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVIGATION OF THE MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
Mr. DUNNELL, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, reported back with amend-
ments a bill (H. H. No. 1027) to perfect navi-
gation on the Mississippi liver.
The bill, which was read, provides that in
the selection of lands granted by an act enti-
tled "An act making a grant of lands to the
State of Minnesota to aid in the improvement
of the Mississippi river," approved July 28,
1868, pine lands may be selected and sold with-
out reference to the conditions of selection and
sale in that act set forth, except that they shall
be situated in the Slate of Minnesota, and that
each acre of double minimum land selected
shall count as two in the satisfaction of the
grant; that the lands shall be sold at public
auction, and all the proceeds, both of such
sales and of the sales to settlers, as provided
by law, in excess of $250.000, shall be paid
into the Treasury of the United States; and
that the lock and dam provided for shall be
constructed within four years from the passage
of this act. But nothing herein is to be con-
strued to increase, or in any manner enlarge,
the grant heretofore made.
The amendments reported by the committee
were read, as follows:
Strike out in lines eleven, twelve, thirteen, four-
teen, and fifteen, those words:
That said lands s hall be sold at public auction,
and ail the proceeds, both of such sales and of the
sales to settlers, as provided bylaw, in excess ot
5-250,000, shall be paid into the Tieasuiy of the
United State*.
And in-ert in lieu thereof the following:
To at sitid pine lands shall be sold at public auction
to tho highest bidde), and the agricultural land to
actual settlers onb\ 111 Quantities not exceeding one
hundred and sixty acres to one person, and at a rate
not exceeding ^1 25 per acre; and when from all
such sales the sum ol <250,000 has been realized, s:iid
saie shall cea se, and the land remaining unsold sh ill
levert to the United States.
At the end tif tho bill adit the following:
And provided further, That when the State shall
have accepted this act. any rightsunder the original
act of which this is "amendatory, inconsistent here-
with, shall be considered relinquished,
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN". The bill is a short one,
and as there was some confusion when it was
read, I ask that it be again read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. HOLMAN. The original act is not
before the House, and if the only effee* of thia
bill is to allow the State of Minnesota to select
pine lands id lieu of grants already made, I
do not know that it, is subject to very great
objection.
Mr. DUNNELL. That is the effect, of it.
There is a report accompanying the bill.
Mr. HOLM AN. I hope it will be read.
Jt appears from the report, which was read,
that the act of July, 1808, was intended to
secure construction of a " free lock and
dam," to perfect navigation of the Mississippi
river over the rapids between Foit Snelling
and St. Anthony's Falls, a proper subject for
United States construction, either by money'
or by allotment of land; that Congress pre-
ferred to grant two hundred thousand acres
for the accomplishment of said work, the
State of Minnesota to be the trustee to raise
from the State thereof a fund to be spent
under the supervision of the engineering de-
parunent of the United States; that it was
provided that the land should all be sold to
settlers at §1 2o per acre; that while the
committee arc in favor of such restrictions
upon agricultural land, ill this instance, by
reason of its generality, it opeiates against
the interests of settlers by compelling the
State to select altogether agricultural lands,
because for that only can a settler be found
as a purchaser. The modification proposed
by tho amendment allows pine lands, not
agricultural, to be sold by the State, as it is
by the General Government, to the highest
bidder at public auction. Thus, pine land,
unfit for settlement, can be selected instead
of agricultural, adapted to homesteads. It is
also provided that when sufficient lands have
been sold to realize a sum sufficient to meet
the estimates for the woik, that sales shall
cease and land remaining unsold revert to the
United States. The time of four years pro-
posed in the amendment fixes definitely the
time of construction, which seems quite de-
sirable, as by existing law tho work can be
done within two years after acceptance and
disposition, and as tho lands have not yet
been selected, and the time not yet, com-
menced to run,it might be indefinitely extended.
A similar amendment passed this House
during the last session of the Forty-First, Con-
gress, was favorably reported upon by the
Committee on Public Lands in the Senate,
but, owing to lack of time, did not receive
consideration in that body.
The amendment does not it) any manner
enlarge the grant, and the committee therefore
recommend its passage, believing such to be
both for Ihe interest of this public work and
for tiie benefit of the homestead setilers.
Mr. flOLMAN. I suggest to the gentleman
from Minnesota that this bill should also pro-
vide that the moneys arising fiom the proceeds
of these lands should be disbuised under tjie
direction of the Government officers. If it
provides that the money shall be applied by
the Government engineers, it will avoid the
objection which I urge. I think it is proper
that it should provide that the proceeds of
these lands should not be applied by any pri-
vate corporation, but should be applied directly
either under the authority of the State or by
the proper agency of tho Government. It it.
proposes the money shall be applied under
the direction of the Government engineers, it
will obviate all objection.
Mr. DUNNELL. That is in the law.
Mr. HOLMAN. In the original act; but
will it be understood to be in the other act?
