260
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 19,,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Read.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
cost of the Department the sum of $4,634,852;
add that to the $8,808,710, and we have the sum
of $13,443,562, which ought to be the total cost
or expenditures for carrying the mail for the
yearending June 30,1872, though the whole ex-
penditures, as shown by the report of the Post-
master General was the sum of 824.390,104,
and his estimates for the year ending 1873 he
makes §27,489,750, and the bill that passed the
House a few days since appropriated about
twenty-eight million dollars.
We have already seen that the increased
number of miles traveled in carrying the
mail for the year 1871 over that of 1860, in-
creases the cost of the service $4,634,852 ;
that added to the cost of 1860 makes the sum
of $13,443,562; that is what the whole sum
ouglit to cost now ; but to make it a certainty
and give the Department ample means I will add
$3,000,000, which is then in the aggregate the
sum of $16,443,562; subtract that from the
$28,000,000 appropriated or estimated and it
will leave the sum of $12,666,438: or subtract
it from the reported costs for the year ending
June 30, 1862, it would leave an excess un-
expended of $7,946,542. Now, where does all
that moqey go ? It cannot be that it was legit-
imately spent. I suppose it has gone where
the " woodbine twineth," and may, for aught I
know, have entered the corrupting fund.
I will now ask the House to indulge me
while I examine the enormous sums collected
annually in the nature of
TARIFFS AMD IXCOME TAX,
and expended, squandered, and wasted by the
present Administration.
There was collected and expended the year
1869, ending June 30, 1870. the first year of
President Grant's administration, the sum of
$309,653,560; for the year ending June 30,
1871, the sum of $'290,062.920; for the year
ending June 30,1872. the sum of $320,418,000;
making in the aggregate the sum of $920,134,-
480 that has been collected otf the people the
last three years, and spent by the Grant ad-
ministration. By an economical administra
uon of the Government a little over one half
that amount would have been ample and suffi-
cient for all practical purposes. Then there
should be added to that amount the sum of
$102,813,869, one fourth of the expenditures
for the year ending June 30. 1869, the total
sum for the year being §411,255,477, Mr.
"•Grant having been installed President on the
4th of March of that year, which aggregates
the amount expended by the present Adminis-
tration since it ivent into power the sum of
$1,022,948,349, (a war debt of itself!) Now,
all this money has been spent in a time of
profound peace with all the world, and no
extra expenses have been incurred outside of
the ordinary expenses of the Administration,
except the payment of the interest on the
public debt and pensions of the late war.
Let us now compare the Grant, administra-
tion with some of the past Democratic Admin
istrations. We will select, therefore, the two
terms of Jackson for eight years: Van Buren
tour years; Polk four years; Pearce of four
years; and Buchanan of four years, making,
when added together, a period of twenty-four
years, and we find the expenditures of all
their administrations for that time amount in
the aggregate to the sum of $889,592,366, and
during which period a great and expensive
war was had with Mexico, thousands of miles
from home, which lasted two years, and all
the troops, munitions, and provisions for the
Army had to be transported across an artn of
the sea, and a great deal of it wagoned to the
cily of Mexico, a larger country than the con-
federate States, and more people conquered
than there was in the rebellion.
How does the two pictures compare ? The
country is adnJnisiKrtd for twenty-four years i
by Democratic Administrations, a war of two j
years conducted, and an honorable peace
obtained indemnity for the expenses in the
war in the addition to our territory almost
a continent, and various expensive Indian
wars, and all done wish $132,855,983 less than
that the present Administration has spent in
the last three years in a time of piofound
peace, and besides which the party in power in
the same period have given away to great cor-
porations untold millions of the public domain.
Frightful is the picture, and consternation and
astonishment seize hold of the people all over
the land.
Let us now for a moment look at the fright-
ful ravages the party in power has made of
the people's rights for the last few years in
GIVING AWAY THE PUBLIC LANDS
to private corporations. The land heretofore
has been kept for the purpose of affording
cheap homes for the poor and unfortunate,
but the Radical Administrations have seen fit
to disregard that sacred trust reposed in them,
and have given away, without fee or reward,
almost a continent. I am unable to say how
much has gone in that direction, but will soon
give some data by which the people can make
a partial estimate. I find an advertisement in
the papers of Jay Cooke & Co., bankers, who
have intrusted to them the sale of the bonds
of the Northern Pacific railroad, and they, as
an inducement to get purchasers, state and
assert that these bonds are doubly secured in
the land donated to the company, independent
of the value of the road; they say that the
land of the company would form an area larger
than the six New England States, New Jer-
sey and Maryland. Can you conceive for a
moment of the enormity of that appropriation
alone?
There is also the Union Pacific road, which
has, I suppose, had an equal quantity given to
it, ( r more, besides which Congress loaned that
company the bonds of the nation for over sixty-
four million dollars, upon which the Govern-
ment paid interest for several years to the tune
of $9,374,567. Then there is the Southern
Pacific, with its larger grants of land, if pos-
sible ; the quantity is beyond the comprehen-
sion of all; and there are also a great many
other corporations to which large grants of
land have been given. The Senator, Mr.
Moreill, of Maine, the other day while a bill
was pending in the Senate for the purpose of
appropriating lands to some railroad in the
State of Florida, arose in his place and said
that since the year 1866 there had been given
away of the public lands an area twice as
large as the thirteen original States. He is a
man that occupies a high and enviable posi-
tion in the Republican party, and 1 have no
hesitancy in believing that what he said on that
subject is perfectly reliable ; he seemed to be
alarmed at the great wrong that had been and
was now being perpetrated on the rights of the
people; he sounded the note of alarm to his
brother Senators, telling them that they would
be held to a strict account of their steward-
ship. See his remarks on that subject ;
" Why, sir, since that period, since 186S, we have
probably conveyed by land grants for railways and
for ot.her purposes an amount in square miles and
in acres double the amount of the original territory
of the United States; and I believe it will be found
upon examination to-day that there are upon the
tables of the two Houses bills for land grants for | j
various purposes for railroads and other purposes, ] j
covering at least hundreds of millions of acres of i|
public domain proposed to be granted for entirely jl
new schemes." * * * * * * * ij
" I do not think this is peculiar to the present bill, f i
but I take occasion to say that, it illustrates a great il
deal of the legislation since 1866, which Congress, 11
some time or other, will be held amenable for, and ij
when the people of this country open their eyos to it
the facts as to what we have been doing with the I:
public domain, and when they are told that the
western country is covered all over and being covered 1 •
all over where there is an acre of land which for any ! I
consideration you can lay your handson through a
evaporation, either State, territorial, or national,
that your preemption laws are set aside and sus- |j
pended for indefinite periods, while men jjo about
the country at home and abroad with the bonds of
sham corporations, to a very great extent, in their
pockets to raise the wind, and that, too, under the
credit of this Government—so far as we countenance
them here by our influence—i mistake not if it do
not create surprise. So far as we give enormous land
grants to these enterprises, and thereby give them
credit, we arc responsible tor their actions, and this
responsibility will come back to us, and it will come
back to us m many ways. If you do not hear the
wail of an indignant people whenever they awake
to the stupendous effect of this class ot legislation in
regard to the public domain, I shall think then they
are insensible to their most vital interest."
It will be seen, therefore, that the tendency
of the legislation of the Radical party has
been and is tending to aggregate the material
wealth of the country into the hands of the
capitalists and private corporations of the
country, thereby tightening the cords of pov-
erty still more closely upon the poor and
laboring people, and of necessity will drive
them to bow down to the Moloch of wealth, and
become the peon slaves of capitalists and cor-
porations, to secure homes for themselves,
their children and loved ones. I, for one,
let others do as they may, will never vote to
give away one foot of the public lands to any
corporation; I have voted against all bills
since I have been a member of this House
proposing to donate or give away the public
land of the country.
I understand that there is now pending in the
two Houses of Congress sixty or seventy bills
asking for donations of land for various pur-
poses, and if all of them should be passed there
would scarcely be an acre of the public land left,;
and I now notify one and all ot the applicants
that I shall oppose all their bills. And to cap
the climax, the other day the present Congress
gave away to the Pennsylvania road a portion
of the public grounds that belonged to the
people, worth, it is said, more than one million
dollars, and a few daysthereafter appropriated
a half million to buy two squares to add to and
beautify the public grounds, a monstrosity that
no apology can mitigate.
I now desire to call the attention of the
House for a short time to the subject of the
present •
ONEROUS TARIFF,
which is oppressing the people of the country
so sorely. I would like, if I had the time, to
investigate and analyze that subject thoroughly,
or so far as my feeble ability would permit. I
have the figures and facts before me, and if
arranged in proper form, they would startle the
tax- payers and consumers of the whole country;
but I am admonished to confine my remarks to
results, and put the facts in an aggregated
form.
The tariff is a source of raising revenue for
the purpose of defraying the expenses of Gov-
ernments. It has been a question that has given
the statesmen of both this country and .Europe
for many years great thought and attention.
The object of all patriots and statesmen should
be to procure for themselves and posterity the
best form of government, and devise ways
and means by which their Government can be
best supported and give contentment to its
subjects. More discord and discontent has
grown out of the manner in whicn taxes ought
to be raised than that of ail others. Internal
discords and strife have arisen, and frequently
produced in many instances by an honest mis-
conception of the true policy to be pursued,
but more frequently for the imposition, prac-
ticed on the people by sehemiug politicians,
and with a desire to foster and make wealth
at the expense of the many.
The present tariff was procured by the cap-
italists and submitted to by a patriotic, patient,
and law-abiding people. Civil war was pend-
ing ; patriotism suggested that the integrity
of the Union must at all hazards be main-
tained, and that it could not be without money.
A high tariff was suggested, which looked to
