1208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
they can hereafter inquire of as many more
as they please.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York has modified the resolution,
and the Secretary will report it as modified.
The Chief Clerk read the resoluiion as mod-
ified by the insertion of " South Carolina."
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, I move to
amend so that the resolution shall read "and
that this investigation be extended to all other
States," so that it shall include a full state-
ment of all the recommendations of all the
Senators from all the States. I have no doubt
it will be a very interesting document.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish the Senator would
allow me to ask a question before he takes his
seat.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Nebraska moves to amend the resolution by
striking out the specific States and inserting
"Senators from all the States."
Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senator sub-
mits his amendment, I ask his attention for
one moment. I ask him if it would not be
equally agreeable to him in a separate reso-
lution, the form of which there is no trouble
in preparing, to demand this additional in-
formation. My purpose is to get presently
the information for which I call. Now, if the
resolution is loaded down by a call for all the
recommendations made by all the members
of this body, it will postpone for weeks and
possibly for months an answer to the resolu-
tion. Therefore I ask the Senator in court-
esy to allow me to got the information I want
as to my own State and two or three others;
and then he can demand, in a moment if he
pleases, by a separate resolution, the informa-
tion touching all other States. I have no objec-
tion to it in the world, but I would like, if we
can, for use before much time elapses, t) have
the information pointed out in this resolution,
and for particular reasons which the Senator
understands.
1 do not wish to bring on any debate at this
time, nor do I wish to make any remarks cal-
culated to arouse opposition anywhere ; but
certain Senators here have been spoken of as
" clinging to the skirts of power''—I believe
I quote correctly the phrase. We all under-
stand what that means. Now, in reference to
Senators so pointed at and so pointing, I have
offered this resolution. It will not stand at
all in the way of the information sought by the
Senator from Nebraska, and I again ask him
to withhold his amendment from this resolu-
tion, promising him that I will vote for, and I
am sure all others will vote for his call, when-
ever he chooses to offer it in a separate resolu-
tion.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. President, my attention
was especially called to this mode of partial
investigation when, a short time since, the Sen-
ator from New York pointed a resolution of
investigation toward the Senator from Massa-
chusetts and the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. CONKLING. Massachusetts is not
named in the resolution.
Mr. TIPTON. I was remarking, Mr. Pres-
ident, that my attention to this partial mode
of investigation had been called by the fact
that recently the penitentiary was indixjated
and fines and penalties indicated toward the
Senator from Massachusetts and the Senator
from Missouri in a resolution of investigation.
I do not believe in that mode of investigation.
I believe in a mode of investigation that is fair
as to all, and that reaches every case. There
is no investigation that can be made here
which can for a single moment give me any
trouble—not the least in the world; but I ask
that this investigation shall include all the
Senate, and that no man shall undertake now
or at any other time to dodge a fair, manly,
descent investigation. I do not understand
why an investigation is to be limited as is here
proposed, and do not understand from the fact
t.hatit was so limited the other day in his res-
olution as to two Senators it is to be limited
this morning again. I wish a general invest-
igation. We have fallen upon the day3 of
investigation, and I trust that we shall act as
if we were in favor of investigation.
Mr. CONKLING. I only wish to say (though
it is hardly necessary to say) that I have offered
no amendment naming any Senators whatever.
The Senator from Nebraska refers to an in-
stance in which Senators chose to consider
themselves as included in an investigation. I
have offered no such resolution; nor shall I
do so. This resolution demands recommend-
ations of my own ; I name my State first, and I
name other States recommendations from which
have come in question. And now I ask the
Senate to exclude this amendment, although
I will vote for it separately, merely because I
wish to get an answer in season, in place of
making the inquiry so broad that with all the
employment of clerical force it will take
weeks and months to answer. That is the
only reason, and I repeat I will vote for the
Senator's proposition at any moment as a sep-
arate resolution, and I am sure I can answer
for both sides of the Chamber; but now I ask
that the resolution may go as it is.
Mr. TIPTON. Is the question upon my
amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. TIPTON. Upon that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas ar.d nays were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the Senator from Nebraska is to strike out
the States specifically named and insert "the
Senators from the various States of the Union."
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to have the
resolution read and the amendment read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The original
resolution as modified by the Senator from
New York will be read, and then the amend-
ment of the Senator from Nebraska.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution is as
follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if in
his judgment not incompatible with the public in-
terest, to in tor:.)) the Senateof the number of recom-
mendations for appointments to or removals from
office, so far as the same can be ascertained, made
to the present Administration by persons now Sen-
ators irorn the States of New York, Missouri, Illi-
nois, Nebraska, and South Carolina, respectively,
giving such particulars as may bo given in regard to
such recommendations, and in regard to the persons
whose appointment or removal was proposed, to-
gether with a statement 9! the number of eases in
which action was taken in accordance with such
recommendations, respectively, and the number of
persons so respectively appointed that have been
removed; and also whether any Senators have soli-
cited or askeu appointments or removals in any sense
other than transmitting papers or stating the char-
acter and qualifications either of applicants or of
those who vouched for applicants; and if so, what
Senators ?
The ameudment is to strike out the words,
"the States of New York, Missouri, Illinois,
Nebraska, and South Carolina," and insert
"the several States of the Union."
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent, I shall vote for the amendment of the
Senator from Nebraska, because I believe the
original resolution is manifestly nnfair. Aside
from any political questions involved that have
sprung out of the recent debates in this body,
it is in itself unjust to Senators from four par-
ticular States to call out a report of their rec-
ommendations to office and the action had
upon them without giving in the same report
an opportunity for the public to judge of the
real character of those recommendations by
comparing them with the number and extent
of recommendations from other Senators.
And if it be looked at as a resolution which
has grown out of the recent discussions in this
body, it is still more evidently unfair that the
Senators from the particular States named
should alone have their conduct in this respect
investigated. I think justice to all of us mani-
festly requires that if the resolution is to pass
at all it should embrace the entire Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I see that
two of the Senators aimed at by the resolution
have just taken their seats; but I was about
to call the attention of the Senate to the cir-
cumstance that this resolution was pressed in
their absence. Doubtless the Senator from
New York had-nol observed their absence;
but here is a resolution distinctly aimed at the
Senator from Illinois and the Senator from
Missouri, and it was pressed to a vote be-
hind their backs. I did not like the look of
that. I welcome, though, inquiry of every
kind. There is no resolution that can be
introduced having that in view which will not
have my support; but it must be broad, it
must be equal, it must be applicable to all;
and I do not think it should be pressed behind
the back of anybody concerned.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, one re-
mark of the Senator from Massachusetts
leads me to say that I did not know that any
of the Senators included here, that he refers
to, were absent. On the contrary, some mo-
ments ago I saw the honorable Senator from
Missouri, nownearestme, [Mr. Schurz,] in the
Chamber; and therefore, certainly, it was not
behind his back.
I beg to say further to the honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] that if
any Senator from a State included here objects
to this, I shall be very glad to strike him out,
and indeed I will be quite candid and say that
my own recommendations to office are those
which I seek in preference to the recommend-
ations of any other Senator, arid therefore I
have named my own State first; and now I
repeat thatif there be any Senator included in
this resolution who wishes his name to be
omitted, I will be very glad to omit it, and
I will omit every name and every reference
except the reference to myself and my own
recommendations and the history of my own
connection with this Administration, touching
appointments and removals, which I would
like very much to have.
Mr. SCHURZ. As I was absent when the
resolution was introduced, I desire to have it
read, so that I may know what it contains.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be again read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
upon the amendment of the Senator from
Nebraska.
Mr. LOGAN. I only rise for the purpose
of saying that this seems to me to be a singu-
lar resolution. I perceive that it applies to the
States of Illinois, Missouri, New York, and
South Carolina. If the Senator from New York
wants any information so far as I am concerned,
I being from Illinois, I can give it to him now.
I have recommended a great many people,
a great many more than I have ever had
appointed. [Laughter.] I do not know that
I have not recommended two hundred ; I sup-
pose at least that many, and I am not ashamed
of it. If the Senator wants any information
in reference to me I can disclose it without
troubling him. I have recommended every-
body that has asked me who was a decent man,
and would do it again. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, when
this matter was brought to the notice of the
Senate by the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] the other day I did not think proper,
although I interposed a remark at the time, to
reply to hia observation that he had seen a
tabulated statement showing the number of
recommendations which had been made by
me. I thought it was a business very much
beneath the Senate, or any member of the
Senate, to be prowling around the Depart-
ments to ascertain who of its members had
made recommendations. I did not think it
had anything to do with the question of civil
service reform. It does not change the ques-
tion in the least whether those who advocate
civil service reform have made one or one
thousand recommendations for office, unless
used to show the necessity for reform. It,
could only have been introduced as a personal
matter.
