1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38D7
bill on the table for the reason that I desire
that we shall extend our session longer than
the 29tb. I trust we shall extend it until next
Monday, which is the 3d of June, and I believe
the only way of accomplishing that is to let the
tariff bill take care of itself for the present, and
let us occupy our time here in passing other
important measures—measures important to
the Government and important to our fellow-
citizens throughout the whole country. The
House will not adjourn leaving the tariff bill
untouched, but the House will adjourn the
moment that is disposed of, andleave all these
other bills unacted upon. We have more than
a hundred, perhaps two hundred House bills
now on the Calendar, every one of them in-
quiring the action of the Senate, and every
one of which is likely to be defeated for want
of time, and their defeat will be charged to
the Senate and to the neglect of the Senate.
Therefore, I wish to put this responsibility
upon the House of Representatives, which will
be done undoubtedly it' we take our ordinary
time to act on the tariff bill. We should
probably have had some hours upon it if the
chairman of the committee had allowed us to
take up a few private bills, which could be
passed in less time than has been occupied in
talking about the propriety of doing so. I
desire that private bills and all other bills not
exactly private but important to the country
shall be acted upon in time, and it can do no
harm to give to-morrow evening to the Com-
mittee on Claims and in the mean time we can
act on the tariff bili, and to-morrow evening
act upon those bills.
Mr. THUR.UAN. I voted against the mo-
tion to lay on the table in the hope that the
Senate would unanimously and without debate
agree to give the chairman of the Committee
on Claims three or four hours after the dispo-
sition of the tariff bill; but it is perfectly clear
that more time will be taken up in this debate
than would be necessary to go over the Private
Calendar. I therefore renew the motion of
my colleague to lay the motion of the Senator
from Wisconsin on the table.
Mr. HOW hi. I hope the Senator, in view
of what has been said, especially by the Sen-
ator from New York, will give me three or
four minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] objects, and the
motion is not debatable.
Mr. HOWE. Then I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CON*KLING. Mr- President 
Mr. COL15. I object to debate.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask unanimous con-
sent to say that I did not intend at all to inti-
mate that the Senator from Wisconsin was
opposing the tariff bill.
Mr. COLE. I object to debate.
Air. CONKLING. And I desire to with-
draw any remarks of that sort, if I made any.
I did not so understand it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects to debate. The mo-
tion is not debatable and the Secretary will
call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 22; as follows: %
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, B.iyard, Blair, Boreman,
Casserly. Chandler, Cole, Conkhng, Cooper, Fenton,
Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuyseti, Gilbert, Goldth-
waice, Hamilton ot Texas, tX.i.mlin, Hill, Hitchcock,
Johnston, Kellv, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton. Norwood,O^born, lloberfson, Sawyer,
Scott, Stiermnn, Stewart, Thurman, Vickers, Win-
dom, rrl Wright—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Caldwell,Cameron,
Carpenter, Clayton, Oorbctt, Crugin, Davis ol West
Virginia, Flanagan, Howe, Kellogg, Nye, Pomeroy,
Pool, l'ratr, U.imsey, Spencer, Stevenson, Stockton,
Sumner, West, and Wilson—22.
ABSENT —Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Brownlow,
Davis ol Kentucky, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut,
Hamilton of Maryland, ilarlun, Lewis, Logan, Pat-
terson. Hansom, Ilice, Sauisbury, Schurz, Sprague,
Tipton, and Trumbull—18.
So the motion was agreed to.
message prom the iiocse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhebson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following reso-
lution :
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Son-
ate concurring,) That of the five thousand copies
of the Medical and Surgical History of the War
authorized to be printed by joint resolution of Con-
gress, approved March 3,1869, two thousand copies
shall bo for the use ofthellouseof Representatives,
one thousand for the Senate, and two thousand for
distribution by the Surgeon General of the Army.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following resolution; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
Resolved by the Home of Representatives,^ (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there be printed thirty thou-
sand copies of the message of tho President of the
United States ot' April 19,1872, and the documents
accompanying the same, in answer to a resolution
of the House of January 25,1872, asking all inform-
ation in his possession upon which'he acted in exer-
cising tho power conferred upon him by tho third
and iourth sections of the act of Congress approved
April 20,1871, the names of the persons who have
been arrested under said act. the number who have
contessed, A:c.; ton thousand of said copies to bo for
the use ot the Senate, and twenty thousand for the
use of tho IIouso.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following resolution ;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
Resolved, (tho Senate concurring,) That tho tirao
fixed bv the two Houses of Congress for the final
adjournment of the second session of tho Forty-Sec-
ond Congress, is heroby extended to twelve o'clock,
meridian, on Monday, tiic 3d day of Junenoxt, mid
at til,it tune tho President of the Seuate and tho
Speaker of tho Houso of Representatives shall ad-
journ their respoctivo Houses without day.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (II. R. No. 2912) for the
relief of Peter J. Burchell; in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House requested the return from the Senate
of the bill (tl. R. No. 2050) for the relief
of J. il. Underbill, in order that the name of
the party be corrected in the engrossment.
The message also announced that the llouse
had passed the bill (S. No. 1073) increasing
the rates of pension to certain persons therein
described, with an amendment;-in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message futther announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments
to the bill (H. R. No. 1070) making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Otfice
Department for the year ending June 30,
1878; that it insisted on its non concurrence
to the eighth amendment of the Senate to the
said bill, agreed to the further conference
asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had ap'pointed
Mr. F. W. Palmer of Iowa, Mr. A. A. Sar-
gent of California, and Mr. W. E. Niblack
of Indiana, managers at the further conference
on the part of the House.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary,
announced that the President bad this day
approved and signed the following acts:
An act (S. No.-881) to provide for theabate-
ment or repayment of taxes on distilled spirits
in bond destroyed by casualty ;
An act (S. No. 677) to authorize the Secre-
tary of War to accept the peninsula in Lake
Erie opposite the harbor of Erie, in the State
of Pennsylvania;
An act (S. No. 1062) to change the name
of the schooner La Pette to La Petite ;
An act (S. No. 617) in relation to the
Dakota Southern Railroad Company ;
An act (S. No. 163) lor the relief of Mrs.
Martha L. House Russell:
An act (S. No. 895) for the relief of Milo
Pratt; and
An act (S. No. 199) for the relief of L. Mer-
chant & Co.
printing of documents.
The concurrent resolution of the House for
printing copies of the President's message of
April 9, 1872, relative to persons arrested
under the act of April 20,1871, and the House
concurrent resolution relative to the distribu-
tion of five thousand copies of the Medical and
Surgical History of the War, printed under the
joint resolution of March 3,1869, were referred
to the Committee on Printing.
message from tue house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief
Clerk, announced that the House requested
the return to the House by the Senate of the
following bills:
A bill (S. No. 196) for the relief of the
owners of the bark A 1; and
A bill (S. No. 905) for the relief of Harriet
Spring, the heir of Captain Williams Barker,
deceased.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 201) for the relief of Phcobe
Hepburn;
A bill (S. No. 97) for the relief of William
Henry Otis;
A bill (S. No. 603) for the relief of the
United States Express Company ;
A bill (S. No. 514) for the relief of Albert
Wiehtnd ;
A bill (S. No. 200) for the relief of William
II. Colledge;
A bill (S. No. 569) for the relief of Thomas
B. Wallace, of Lexington, in the State of
Missouri;
A bill (S. No. 688) for the relief of Charles
and Henry W. Spencer;
A bill (S. No. 88'J) for the relief of Joseph
Segar, of Virginia;
A bill (H. li. No. 1297) amendatory of an
act entitled ''An act donating public lands to
the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agiiculm-
ral and mechanical arts," passed July 2, 1862,
and acts amendatory thereto ;
A bill (S. No. 908) for the relief of John
Potts, chief clerk of the War Department;
A bill (S. No. 998) relating to the creation
of new land districts ;
A bill (S. No. 159) conferring upon the Court
of Claims power to hear and determine the
claim of J. W. Parish &, Co. for damages for
the alleged violation of their contract with
the United States for the delivery of ice ;
A bill (S. No. 197) for the relief of the
widow of I). Jay Brown, deceased ;
A bill (II. R. No. 1192) making appropri-
ations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes,
for the year ending June 30, 1873, and for
other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1203) granting a pension
to Martha lilwell;
A bill (H. R. No. 1094) for the relief of
Charles A. Weiaer;
A bill (H. R. No. 1416) for the relief of
Albert W. Gray ; and
A bill (H. li. No. 2833) to increase the
capital stock and extend the works of the
Washington Gas-Light Company.
tax and tariff bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
2822) to reduce duties on imports, and to re-
duce internal taxes, and for other purposes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
reported by the Committee on Finance will be
considered as they are reached in the reading
of the bill, if there be no objection.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section one, lines three and
