2G2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 19,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Bead.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
I will give one other table, and hope that
you will bear with me while I do so. It is as
follows •
Articles.
n*,#,, Tax charged
Duty patd b
Government. fncturer.
Salt $1,176,587 37 $3,360,000
Iron and steel 20,530 000 00 87,001050
Leather, bides, skins, &c. 5,200,000 00 36.000.000
Cotton goods    10,773,832 00 69.700,000
Woolen goods  33,539.475 93 119.080,000
Total   171.219,895 30 $315,744,050
It will be seen by the foregoing table that
in order to get into the Treasury the sura of
$71,219,895 30 the people have to pay the sum
of $386,963,945 80; and $315,744,050 of that
amount goes into the coffers of the manufac-
turers. The heart turns sick and faint as you
look upon the scene of wrong and oppression
la'd upon the poor laboring man and woman
of the country by the party in power.
I am sustained in the estimate and calcula-
tions that 1 have made as to the basis upon
which the people pay, and the amount they
pay, by ex-Assistant Treasurer Clark, who a
short time after he wentoutofoffice, at the close
of Johnson's adminstration, wrote a letter in
which he says that we paid upon a basis of
about nine hundred million dollars. The fol-
lowing is an extract from his letter:
"Itcnn be clearly demonstrated that frauds and
evasions are practiced to such an extent that not
more than one half of the amount is collected that
should and would be if the laws were enforced with
administrative ability and integrity. Tbe result is
that the honest tax-payers are now paying upon a
basis of revenue of about nine hundred million dol-
Iujs per annum, while not more than one half of
that sum find* its way into the Treasury. Statistics
of the manufactures, productions, &c., of the coun-
try will prove that if the tax to which they are
subjected was fairly collected, and the same rule
applied to our custom duties, the income or revenue
w.-uld amount to about the sum named above,
$9QO,OGO,0QJ."
But the protectionists say that the other side
of the question has not been given ; that labor
costs the manufacturer so higu that unless they
are protected they must and will have to quit
business, and the many thousand operatives
will be turned out of employment and have no
means of supporting themselves and families.
Let us look mro this matter a little further and
see how it stands. Is labor so high as it is
represented, or is it cheaper?
SLAVERY OF THE WORKING CLASSES.
Massachusetts, I suppose, is one of the
largest manufacturing States in the Union, and
she claims that her citizens are more intelli-
gent and better educated than any other of her
sister States ; she also claims a very large mar-
gin in the way of philanthropy, so much so
that she has thought it washer special mission
under tbe guidance of Providence to look after
the supposed wrongs of others outside of her
own border, and from her loud and long pro-
fessions of sympathy for the poor and benighted
we would suppose that milk and honey flowed
there, and it was a perfect Paradise, and that
thp poor and laboring people were the pets,
and entered fully into the sympathy of the pro-
tectionist of tbe rich and worthy of that old
State. But how different the picture I The
corporations and manufacturers there, as well
as elsewhere, under the present protective sys-
tem, are grinding the operatives, both men and
women, to powuer, while the manufacturers
are getting more wealthy every day, and at the
same time the laborers' wa^es are so meager
and insufficient as not to afford the actual ne-
cessaries of life, and hundreds and thousands
are broken down, overworked, and diseased
in consequence of insufficient food and cloth-
ing, and are now begging for their bread and
are fit inmates for some almshouse or char-
itable institution. The distress of the laboring
poor bec-tme so great that the Legislature of
that State constituted a bureau called " the
bureau of statistics of labor." That bureau,
after an investigation of that question, made a
report to the Legislature. ,It was printed by
that body, which 1 think is pretty good author-
ity for the truthfulness of the facts therein
contained, and I now make a few extracts from
that work or books.
It will be seen from the extracts that a num-
ber of operatives and other persons were ex-
amined and their questions and answers heard
and made. The questions are made by the
bureau, and the answers by those interrogated,
as follows:
" Did you ever know an instance of a workman
(other than an overseer) working at ordinary day
wages, or at piece-work pay, who acquired a com-
petence upon which he could live without work;
and if yes, in how many years did he acquire such
competence ?"
This report has the following in that con-
nection :
'"Remarks.—This question has been answered by'
all except five, and almost invariably in the nega-
tive. Alarge number declare that it is impossible.
A few have cited instances of men who have ac-
cumulated what they deem a competence, which
we here give."
Among the extracts I find the following:
"A woolen-spinner says: * I never knew such a
person. I know a man, however, who has acquired
$1,200, but has done it by thrift and injustice to his
own stomach. It has taken him twelve years to
accumulate that sum, and he has denied himself
and family many things which I consider the neces-
saries of life, such as sugar, butter, butcher's meat,
eggs, &c. I don't call that living. There are some
people can live on what others would starve. I
believe in doing justice to the stomach ; it is of the
utmost importance—clothing being only of secondary
importance. There are men working for this com-
pany, in the finishingdepartment, who get but a lew
cents over a dollar per day. How they manage to
get along I cannot imagine. There are many women
working in the card-room for sixty-five cents a day.'
" A dress-tender says: 'I never knew a man who
acquired a competenco by working in the mills.'
" A boot-maker says: 'I do not think there is
such a case on record. I would go a great way to
see such a man and get a full account of how he
did it'
"A harness-tyer in a factory intimates that he has
known a few who have acquired a competence; but
adds ' it requires almost a life-time.'
"Another factory operative answers this question
in the negative, but says: 'A few around me have,
by steady perseverance, made themselves a home
worth from one to six thousand dollars; but it is
due mostly to the rise of real estate, this being a
young and growing city.'"
And also the following:
" Have you ever known instances wherein an
ordinary operative earned a competence, or was
enabled to retire at fiity years of age, on moneys
earned as a wage-laborer? If yes, what percent-
age would the number of employes so earning be of
the whole number of your employes?"
The report says that twelve hundred and
fifty-eight blanks were sent to employes, and to
these questionsseventy-seven answered "no,"
and thirty-six "yes," of whom fourteen say
"a very small percentage." A boot manu-
facturer says, "yes, but starved their souls f"
and others say, 44 but rare."
A rope manufacturer says :
" No; they cannot live a month when not at work
without incurring debt."
A manufacturer says:
" I have known operatives who have done well at
their wages and saved a good deal of money, but the
retiring at fifty I am not aware of."
The report says, speaking of the above, on
that subject:
"Tbe answers to those questions and the extracts
show better than any theorizing the actual condition
of the wage-laborer, the results of the system of
wages, and that the instances of even small com-
petencies are the very rare exceptions to a general
rule."
This question was submitted to the oper-
atives :
" Have your preseut earnings and present cost of
living each increased in the same proportion to what
they were before the late war, or has the cost of
living increased in a greater ratio 7"
The report says:
"The answers to this question, without excep-
tions, agree with the statement of Commissioner
Wells, that wages have not increased in the ratio of
the increased cost of living,"
The following question was put to the oper-
atives:
"What proportion of the working people, so far
as you know, are in debt? What, in your knowledge
or judgment, were the causes of such debts ? "
The report of the bureau says:
" These questions were quite fully answered, and
they indicate that a very large percentage ot wage-
laborers are in debt. The causes generally assigned
are insufficient remuneration, and the habits that
spring out of such insufficiency, habits tending to
waste and not to thrift."
A boot-crimper says:
"The working people are in the hands of their
employers by way of mortgages, &c , caused by not
having pay enough for labor. I have known tem-
perate men in actual distress, owing to large fami-
lies, to such an extent as to require aid trom the
societies to which they belonged."
A nail-maker says :
"About three fourths of the working people of
my acquaintance are in debt, caused by high cost
of living and low wages."
A female weaver speaks as follows:
" Many of the operatives here are in debt, caused
by small pay. Ihave known instances where indus-
trious workmen have been m actual distress on ac-
count of sickness ; not being able to lay by anything
from their small wages while in good health. There
have been subscriptions taken up through the mill,
and have to be very often resorted to.
"A currier j-tates that one half, if not more, of the
workmen of his acquaintance are in debt, caused by
insufficient remuneration for their labor; has known
cases of actual distress among temperate, industrious
working people, to the extent which required assist-
ance from friends, caused by sickness and over-exer-
tion."
A dress-maker says:
" I know it is very hard to keep out of debt. In
my judgment, the causes of debts are high cost of
living and low price of labor in proportion."
Let us now look at the other side of the
picture, and see how the case stands with the
manufacturer. Does he fail to make profits?
Is he stinted for the want of the necessaries
of life to live upon? Does some charitable
society have to assist him when he is sick,
or bury him when he dies? No ; he grows
richer and richer off of the bard earnings
of the laborers, who have to work ten hours
a day, and often fifteen, to keep soul and
body together. Let us then look how he is
getting along in the world. The same report
shows the following profits and increase in
the stock invested by these manufacturers that
it relates to:
Chicopee mills—Dividends, 26? per cent.; capital,
$420,000; valueof stock, $325 on par of $100.
Merrimac mills—Dividends, 15?per cent.: capital,
$2 500,000; value of stock, $1,700 on par of $1,000.
Middlesex mills—Dividends, 22s per cent.; capital,
§750,000; value of stock, $400 on par of $100.
Naumkeagmills—Dividends, 191 percent.; capital,
$1,500,000; value of stock, $167 on par of $100.
Pacific mills—Dividends. 21£ per cent.; capital,
12,500,000; value of stock, $2,240 on parot 01,000.
Salisbury mills—Dividends, 22h per cent.; capital,
$1,600,000; value of stock, $360 on par of $100.
And it is reasonable to suppose that all the
manufacturers in that locality must meet with
the same success and profits.
What a burning shame ! These overgrown
monopolists are crushing the very life-blood
out of the operatives, and then filch from tbe
consumer by the million ; and yet they say
to reduce the tariff would lessen tbe wages
of the operatives. Away with such bosh and
subterfuge!
The following shows how the whole matter
is considered by one of the operatives:
"As year by year the difficulty increases of lifting
one's self out of the vassalage of the present indus-
trial system, the situation, to a man of sensibility
and independence, is growing more and more intol-
erable. Had we been consulted as to the punish-
ment to be inflicted upon the leaders of the south-
ern rebellion, our worst sentence would have been
banishment to a Massachusetts factory, with the
long hours, low wages,and hopeless social condition
of an average operative."
Is it possible that the life of an operative is
more intolerable than that of death or a long
life in the penitentiary V Can it be so ?
Let us now see whether any other enormi-
