2106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
propose or concur "with amendments as on other
bills."
The history of this provision of the Consti-
tution, the modification which it introduced
of the corresponding provision in the British
constitution, the early construction of the
clause, as well as the debates upon it, so far
as they relate to the subejct, convince me that
originally it was the intention of the framers
of the Constitution to confine the power of
amendment on the part of the Senate to the
subject-matter of'the bill itself—to such amend-
ments touching the subject upon which rev-
enue was to be raised as in their judgment
should be deemed wise and proper; either to
raise or lower the rate, to modify the time or
mode of collection, or anything pertaining
immediately to that subject-matter.
But I cannot read the history of this consti-
tutional provision, I cannot observe the care
and solicitude with which the corresponding
provision has been cherished by the English
House of Commons, withoutcomingto the con-
clusion that by " amendments " the ftamers of
the Constitution did not mean the introduction
uuderthoform ofamendment ol'new bills—bills
providing for revenue from new sources or from
new fields, if I may use that phrase, originating
new modes ot' collection, not thought of in the
bill which the House of Representatives origin-
ated—transforming the entire character and
nature of the bill. The right to originate bills
of this nature in the House of Representatives
ceases to be of any value if the moment such
a bill leaves this House the Senate may under
the form of an amendment originate every-
thing that is of value or importance in a rev-
enue bill, and compel the House of Represent-
atives to pass upon, under the form of an
amendment or substitute from, the Senate,
measures of revenue which they have refused
to originate.
That is the question presented to the House
on this bill, I do not consider the merits of
the bill. X consider the subject matter which
the Senate have embraced in this bill under
the form of an amendment, and which changes
entirely the character of the measure passed
by the House. This is not the bill which we
sent to the Senate; not even the original title
remains ; nor is it m any fair and proper sense
a bill similar m character. It is, as 1 have
said, a general revision, not only of the tariff,
out of winch we had selected two subjects with
reference to which we repealed the revenue.
It lias gone over all the subjects-matter of
revenue from all the sources of imports, but it
has gone out altogether of that subject-matter
into another and entirely different field, that
of internal taxation, upon which we had
originated no measure whatever, and it has
repealed largely the taxes in some particulars
and it has reduced others, changing entirely
the bill in its character and in its effect.
If', sir. in the form of an amendment this
can be done, there can be no bill sent to the
other brunch m any respect touching the rev-
enue winch does not imperil the rights of the
people's Representatives here touching any
souice of existing revenue or any imaginary
source of revenue upon which legislation is
possible.
1 trust, Mr. Speaker, without, regard to the
intrinsic merits of the provisions ot this bill
the House of Representatives will regard its
prerogative, and will as heretofore unanimously
assert one of the most valued of all of the
rights and powers which distinguish it from
the other bianch by respectfully ami properly
laying this bill upon the table, and notifying
the other branch of its action and the reason
thciefor.
Mr. COX. Has the gentleman concluded?
Mr. DA.WES. I willyield to the gentleman.
Mr. COX. Mr, Speaker, 1 am in favor of
the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, not only because it sustains the
dignity of the House and our privileges here,
but because it is a most important principle
connected with -the Representatives of the
people more directly considered—I refer to
the privilege of originating money bills.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There is
so much confusion in the House that I am
unable to hear the gentleman from New York.
Th§ SPEAKER called to order, and mem-
bers who were standing in the area resumed
their seats.
Mr. COX. I do not propose, Mr. Speaker,
to discuss the merits of this bill as it comes
from the Senate. I know very well it is a bill,
in one sense, for protection. 1 know very well
the object of this great amendment which comes
from the Senate ; this great amendment to our
simple bill which we sent about tea and coffee
is for the protection of a certain class of in-
terests, or in favor of class interests. I do not
intend to argue as to the merits of either our
bill or the bill which the Senate has sent to
us ; but 1 do call the attention of the House to
the proposition that the amendment made by
the other body, under the provision of the
Constitution cited by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] must be pertinent
to our bill. It must relate to the " body " of
our bill. Our bill which was sent to the Sen-
ate simply related to the repeal of duties on
tea and coffee This great bill in the form of
amendment which comes from the Senate,
running over ail of the various articles which
go into the tariff, is irrelevant, and not perti-
nent in any proper legislative or parliamentary
sense to the bill of the Senate. The amend-
ment is contrary, I think, to the uniform pre-
cedents connected with this matter from the
beginning of our Government.
Now, sir, I have in my hand the report made
by the honorable member from Massachusetts
[Mr. Hooper] on the 27th of February. 1871,
where all of these precedents are very care-
fully collated, and where a most emphatic
denunciation of this claim on the part of the
Senate is made on the part of the House, and
all I would want to vindicate the independ-
ence, the right, and the privilege of the House
in reference to this matter is that this paper
should be carefully read and considered.
This privilege of bringing in money bills,
Mr. Speaker, comes from England. We all
know that the men who made the Constitution
made it with their eyes upon the British Par-
liament. It was the old fight of privilege
against prerogative. The Commons had the
purse and the king had the sword, and the
purse called the sword to account now and
then during seven hundred years of English
legislation. It runs through all of their bills
of right, all of their Magna Chartas, and so it
has come down to us. it was placed in our
Constitution with some modification, because
the upper branch of our national Legislature
is different from the hereditary House of Lords;
but, sir, the Constitution never took away the
right of the House to originate money bills, but
only modified it in so far that the Senate might
propose or concur with amendments as in other
bills.
This great thick bill of the Senate is not an
amendment in any sense in which it can be
construed in accordance with either prece-
dent or authority. 1 refer the House to Judge
Story's Commentary on this part of the Con-
stitution. In volume one, paragraph 87fi,
he says:
" It will be at once perceived that the same rea-
sons do not exist, m the same extent, for the sauic
exclusive right in our House of itepresentatives in
regard to money hills as exist for sucli right in the
British House of Commons."
Now, mark:
" It may be fit that it should possess the exclusive
right to originate money bills, since it may be pre-
sumed to possess more ample meansof local inform-
ation, and it more directly represents the opinions,
feelings, and wishes of the people, and being directly
dependent upon them for support, it will be more
watchtul and cautious in the imposition of taxes
ttian a body which emanates exclusively from the
States in their sovereign political capacity."
Chancellor Kent comments on that part of
the Constitution in the same spirit. _ The phi-
losophy of that clause of the Constitution, as
given by Kent and by Story, looking also to
the model from which we have drawn this
peculiar clause of our Constitution, is that we
are nearer the people; that we come from
them more directly ; that we go to them more
frequently ; that we represent their wishes and
their ideas, especially on money matters. This
House, then, should set its foot down against
this assumption of the Senate to care for
money matters, and especially when it comes
to amending the whole matter of our customs
and internal revenue systems. If we do that
now, and do it lirmly, we will fix again, as has
been fixed in the past, a precedent which I
hope will last for all tune. For these reasons
I favor the resolution of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes ]
Mr. DAWES. I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am quite sure
that the House cannot overrate the importance
of the issue raised by the sending of that bill
to this House. I will only ask attention for a
few moments to two or three points in relation
to this question. In the first place, 1 beg the
House to remember that the place which tins
clause of the Constitution occupies inoui Con-
stitution is of the utmost importance.
Twice during the constitutional Convention
of 1787 the whole system hinged upon the
exclusive right of the House to originate rev-
enue bills. Twice the determination of that
single point settled the question whether the
Constitution should be made or not. Before
the Convention had been in session one month
this subject was introduced, and it was kept
in the eye of the fathers of the Constitution
almost every day from that time till tbe final
adjustment of tbe Constitution. On the 5th
of July, 1787, when the framers bad been at
work more than six months, the proceedings
were brought to a dead lock on the question
of the equality of the States in the Senate ;
the larger States saying they would never con-
sent to allow the smaller States au equal voice
with themselves in the Senate unless in return
for that great grant it should also be granted
to the larger States that their Representatives
in the lower House should have the exclu-
sive right to originate money bills. Of such
importance was the right to originate money
bills regarded that to secure it the other ques-
tion was given up, and the States were all
allowed an equal voice in tbe Senate, tbe large
and the small—Delaware to be equal to New
York; Rhode Island to Pennsylvania—and
this was granted as an equivalent for the ex-
clusive right to originate money bills in the
popular branch.
And when that first great compromise of the
Constitution was settled upon that basis, the
whole system came near being unhinged again
by throwing out this clause. At last, when it
was demanded that the Senate should have the
exclusive right to ratify treaties, to try impeach-
ments, and to confirm nominations, it was
said, "The Senate shall never have that right,
unless you restore the exclusive right to ori-
ginate money bills in the House." The clause
was then restored and kept in th.e Constitution
as it now stands.
Now, I desire to say, Mr. Speaker, that, this
House cannot ignore, canuot pass over lightly,
cannot allow, by any looseness of construction,
so great and important a right as that, and one
so highly esteemed by our fathers, who made
the Constitution, to be evaded by any sort of
construction that may be put upon it elsewhere
than in this House.
The determination of the question rests
solely with this House. It is not a subject
for conference. It is not a matter in winch
the Senate has the least right to determine our
action or to be in any way a party to the de-
termination of our action. As Mr. Webster
said nearly forty years ago in the great debate
on this subject when there was a contest be-
