1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1211
R. No. 1G79) to reduce internal taxation, and
to amend an act entitled u An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30, 1864, and
aeis amendatory thereof; which was read a first
and second lime, referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
JUDICIAL DISTRICT IN NEW YOltK.
Mr. LAMPORT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1080) to establish an additional judicial
district to be called the northern district of
New York, and to make further provisions in
relation to the courts of the United States in
said State; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
PAYMENTSJTO DISLOYAL PJSKSONS.
Mr. DUELL introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1681) to amend a joint resolution entitled " A
joint resolution prohibiting payments by any
officer of the Government to any person not
known to have been opposed to the rebellion,
and in favor of its suppression," approved
March 2, 1867 ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
BUTLER AND PITKIN
Mr. MERRIAM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1682) for the relief of Edwin Butler and
George D. Pitkin, copartners under the firm
name of Butler & Pitkin, of New York city;
•which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and
ordered to tie printed.
AARON AND MARY ANN TINSLEY.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1682) granting a pen-
sion to Aaron Tinsley and Mary Ann Tinsley;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
and ordered to be printed.
H. LOUISE GATES.
TMr. NEGLEY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1684) to increase the pension of H. Lou-
ise Gates, widow of General William Gates;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
P'OSTAGE ON NEWSPAPERS.
Mr. SHOEMAKER introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1685) regulating the payment of post-
age on newspapers printed wholly or in part;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
SAMUEL SHAFFER.
Mr. McJUNKIN introduced a bill m. R.
No. 1686) granting a pension to Samuel Shaf-
fer, late a private in company F, seventy-eighth
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered
to be printed.
DANIEL BEATTY.
Mr. McJUNKIN also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1687) granting a pension to Daniel
Beatty; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
ISABELLA 8WBM.
Mr. L. MYERS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1688) granting a pension to Isabella Swem,
widow of John Mersnon Swem, late private in
company D, fourth regiment New Jersey vol-
unteers ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
JAMES MULHOLLAND.
Mr. B. F. MEYERS introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1689) to grant a pension to James Mul-
holland, a soldier of the war of 1812 ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812, and ordered to be printed.
JOHN S0UDBRS.
Mr. B. F. MEYERS also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1690) to grant a pension to John
Souders, a soldier of the war of 1812; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812, and ordered to be printed.
ANNE PENNY.
Mr. POSTER, of Pennsylvania, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 1691) for the relief of Anne
Penny; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
TAX ON TOBACCO.
Mr. PORTER presented a'joint resolution
of the General Assembly of Virginia in rela-
tion to a uniform rate of tax upon all kinds
of manufactured tobacco and snuff; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
REFUND OK COTTON TAX
Mr. PORTER also presented a joint reso-
lution of the General Assembly of Virginia,
requesting the Congress of the United States
to direct the refunding of the tax collected on
raw cotton in 1865, 1866, and 1867, to those
who paid it; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
PLYMOUTH CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. COBB introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1692) authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to sell the site of the custom house at
Plymouth, North Carolina; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
LIFE-PRESEItVING STATIONS.
Mr. COBB also introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1693) authorizing the construction of life-pre-
serving stations between Cape Hatteras, North
Carolina, and Cape Henry, Virginia; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Approppriations, and
ordered to be printed.
QUANTS OF LANDS TO RAILROADS.
Mr. SLOSS presented a joint memorial of
the General Assembly of the State of Ala-
bama to the Congress of the United States,
asking for a grant of the public lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Deca-
tur, Alabama, to Aberdeen, Mississippi, and a
branch of said road from Aberdeen to Colum-
bus, Mississippi; which was referred to the
Committee ou the Public Lands, and ordered
to be piinted.
Mr. SLOSS also presented a joint memorial
of the General Assembly of the State of Ala-
bama to the Congress of the United States,
asking for a grant of the public lands to the
Warrior and Tennessee River Railroad Com-
pany ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SLOSS also presented a joint memorial
of the General Assembly of the State of Ala-
bama to the Congress of the United States,
asking a grant of the public lands to aid in
the construction of the Mobile and North-
western railroad; which was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
REMOVAL OF CASKS FROM STATE COURTS.
Mr. TURNER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1694) to amend an act entitled " An act for
the removal of certain cases from State courts,"
approved July 27, 1866 ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
RELINQUISHMENT OF TITLE.
Mr. SYPHER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1695) to relinquish the title of the United
States to certain lands in the State of Louis-
iana ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on,Private Land
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
DECEASED SOLDIERS AND SAILORS.
Mr. BEATTY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1696) to extend the provisions of the twenty-
fifih section of the act entitled "An act making
appropriations for the support of the Army,"
approved July -15, 1870, to the relatives of
deceased soldiers and sailors, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
INDEPENDENCE OF EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1697) to preserve the independ-
ence of the several Departments of the Govern-
ment, and to fix the actual responsibility for
appointments to office in the civil service, and
for removals from office therein; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
select Committee on the Reorganization of the
Civil Service, and ordered to be printed.
CONTRACTORS FOR VESSELS OF WAR, ETC.
Mr. PERRY also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1698) for the relief of certain contractors
for the construction of vessels of war and
steam machinery ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
J. R. DODGE.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1G99) for the relief of J". Ii. Dodge;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
BATTELLE AND EVANS. *
Mr. SPRAGUE introduced a bill' (H. R.
No. 1700) for the relief of Battelle & Evans;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and, with
the accompanying papers, ordered to be
printed.'
RECORD OF NATURALIZATION.
Mr. GARFIBLD, of Ohio, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1701) to* establish a record of
naturalization in the Department of State ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
JOHN FOKDYCE ET AL.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1702) to compensate John Fordyce and
others, of Guernsey county, Ohio, for property
destroyed by order of John H. Morgan, of the
confederate army, at Campbell's station, Cen-
tral Ohio railroad, July 24, 1863; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
PENSIONS OF THE WAR OF 1812.
Mr. READ introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1703) for the benefit of the applicants for pen-
sions under the act of February 14, 1871,
granting pensions to soldiers of the war of
1812; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812, and ordered to be
printed.
CHARLES CASLY.
Mr. READ also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1704) for the benefit of Charles Casly, late
postmaster at Hopkinsville, Kentucky; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
REMOVAL OF POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. CROSSLAND introduced a bill (H. R
No. 1705) to remove the political disabilities'
of certain citizens therein named; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
