1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Read.
Ho. op Reps.
ties have been committed by results growing
out of this oppressive and damnable tariff.
Why, it hasdrivenour shipping and commerce
from the seas, and by that means is heaping
additional and heavy burdens upon the peo-
ple. For its results I invite your attention to
the following table, which shows the amount
of American and foreign tonnage that entered
the ports of foreign countries during the
periods named:
Year.
American
tonnage.
Foreign
tonnage.
Excess of
American
over foreign.
Excess of
foreign over
American.
June SO, 1840 
Juno 30, 1850 
June 30, 1860 
June SO, 1866 
June 30. 1871 
967,227
1,576,446
2,573,016
5,921,285
5,023,917
3,066,917
3,372,060
3,550,550
3,402,668
3,486,038
3.742,740
131,900
712,363
1,775,623
2,553,911
2,217,554
3,471,219
4,410,424
4,495.465
5,347,694
5,669,621
6,266,444
835,327
864,583
797,393
3,567,374
2,806,363
404",785
1,038,364
944,915
1,945,026
2.183,583
2,523,704
It will be seen that in 1830 the American
tonnage was sevenfold that of foreign, and
that from 1840 to 1861, the aggregate tonnage
of American vessels entered at sea-ports of
the United States was double that of foreign
vessels, and that it has declined ever since.
And in 1870 the excess was against American
shipping to the extent of 2,523,704 tons. Why
all this ? The Radical party answer and say that
it was because the Alabama and other vessels
belonging to the confederacy destroyed our
commerce. That is not true, as will beseenby
all reasonable men. The Alabama was cap-
tured in 1864, the same year that our tonnage
and commerce commenced declining. The
seas were then left open, and free to the com-
merce of this country, and in the spring of
1865 the war ended; peace was declared.
The northern and eastern States, to whom
belonged the shipping, had grown rich off
the war. No ships were built, and why ? Be-
cause the tariff on the materials that entered
into the building of ships had made it too heavy
for them to invest their, capital in tbat direc-
tion, and one other inducement was held out
to the capitalist in that of the bonds of the
nation, with a large interest paid in gold, and
those who had the money found it more profit-
able to invest their money in that way than in
building ships. So by reason of the high pro-
tective tariff the shipping interest has failed,
and our commerce is now carried to the mar-
kets of foreign countries in the bottoms of
foreign ships, resulting from the effect of a
protective tariff.
The tariff under a Democratic administration
of the Government was so regulated as to se-
cure a competency to defray the expenses of
a frugally administered Government. It was
for revenue purposes alone discriminating for
protection that the present tariff was placed
upon the country by the Radical party in the
interest of the manufacturer, and it has driven
our shipping from the seas, while under a
Democratic administration the flag of our com-
merce whitened every ocean. Our commerce
has greatly fallen under the protective system
for another reason. And .why? Because if we
prohibit the commerce of all other countries,
and buy nothing of them nor exchange com-
modities with them, they cannot buy of us, and
they are driven to the necessity of buying of
and trading with those countries that do not
prohibit the exchange of commerce free.
We see from the effects of the policy of the
party in power, and the onerous burdens they
have laid upon the people, that the result will
be ultimately ruinous bankruptcy, and the
people are now running to and fro asking,
" W lat shall we do to be saved V' Several thou-
sand years ago, it is said, it was a custom among
gome of the tribes of the Asiatic countries to
punish their criminals with the most terrible
torture that was imaginable ; they did it in
this wise: when the party was sentenced^ or
condemned, they, to punish him, would tie a
dead carcass of an animal upon the back of the
condemned, and compel him to wear it until
it literally rotted and fell from his person ; and
if the party become penitent, some humane
person would intercede in his or their behalf,
and attempt to secure his release, moved to do
so, however, from the repeated cries from day
to day of the poor victim saying, " JV^ho shall
deliver me from the body of this death?" And
well might the American people with the same
cry in reference to the burdens placed upon
them by the Radical party, ask the question,
who will deliver them from the bondage of
political death that now overwhelms them.
There is but one way and one hope left the
country, and that is a change of rulers by the
installing of the Democratic party into power.
And then the plan of taxation should be
changed; and ho w ? My plan is that the prop-
erty should pay the taxes and furnish revenue
sufficient to carry on the Government. The
question maybe asked, How can that be done?
The present mode is a very mercenary one,
and the poor man has to pay as much, or
nearly so, as the rich. That certainly is not
just. Now, in looking over the report of the
last census we find that New York and Mas-
sachusetts are worth twice as much per capita
as Kentucky, and about four times as much as
Florida. Now, is it right and just that Flor-
ida and Kentucky shonld pay as much per
capita as New York and Massachusetts? Cer-
tainly not; but under the present system that
is the case. We also find, under the present
system of taxation, that
TAXATION PE0DU0ES DISUNION
and antagonisms in the Government, which
estrange the people from the Government, and
begets a system of special legislation in the
interests of various sections of the country,
and thereby produces distrust and prejudices,
which has on one or two occasions almost and
will ultimately end in a disruption of the Gov-
ernment. To illustrate what 1 mean, the New
England States want a tariff of protection
for their manufactured cotton, woolen goods,
shoes, leather, &c.; New York and West Vir-
ginia wish protection for their salt, and are
opposed to the protection of cotton and woolen
goods j Pennsylvania wants protection for her
iron and coal, and is opposed to protection on
salt, cotton, and woolen goods; Louisiana
wants protection for her sugar, and wants free
salt, coal, iron, cotton, and woolen goods, &c.;
South Carolina wants protection on her rice,
but wants free sugar, coal, iron, salt, cotton,
and woolen goods, &c. ; and New England
wants free rice, sugar, iron, Coal, and salt;
and the West and cotton fields of the South
are against all protection ; and so it goes, one
interest of industry conflicting with another,
until the people of each section rail outagainst
the other, and threaten the dissolution ot the
CJnion. How, then, can the people be righted
and made one people in cause, intent, and
purpose ? The only way to do that is to repeal
all tariff and tax laws, except on articles such
as diamonds and luxuries only used by the
rich, and let each State collect and furnish
their quota of taxes to the Government in
proportion to their wealth, and each State col-
lect their proportion in their own way, and
turn out the many thousand officials that are
now engaged in collecting the tariff and inter-
nal revenue of the country, and are set as
pimps and spies on the people. We would
then have
FREE TRADE TO THE WORLD
and buy where we could buy cheapest the arti-
cles of consumption, and sell where we can
get the most for our productions. By that
means each section of the country would pay
in proportion to its wealth; under the pre-
sent system, the poor man has to pay as much,
ay, more than the rich. Under the present
plan of taxation the State of Kentucky pays
into the Treasury and into the pockets of the
manufacturers about thirty millions annually,
when in fact her part in proportion to popu-
lation is only about eight millions, and if it
was placed upon the worth of the State it
would not be near that much; the plan that
I suggest would make taxation equal and uni-
form ; but the protectionist says that it is not
constitutional. I beg leave to differ with him.
There is nothing in the Constitution that pro-
hibits that plan. The first article and eighth
section of the Constitution provides as fol-
lows :
" The Congress shall have' power to levy and col-
lect taxes and duties on imports and excise to pay
the debt and provide for the common defense and
general welfare of the United States; but ail duties,
imports, and excises, shall be uniform throughout
the United States,"
'' Congress shall have power to levy and col-
lect taxes," &c. Does it provide how Congress,
shall do it ?, It does not. Then as a matter of
course it is discretionary with Congress as to
how it should be done. There is no limitation
but one, and that is that it shall be uniform;
that can be made so in the States in two ways:
1. In proportion to the inhabitants or popu-
lation ;
2. In proportion to the wealth;
and if it should be considered unconstitu-
tional, let us amend the Constitution so as to
make it constitutional. Then each State would
pay in proportion to its inhabitants or its
wealth. Let the property pay the taxes, and
the poor man would not be bound to pay as
much as the rich. As it now stands the sonth-
ern States pay about one half of the impost
duties, simply from the fact thatthey are nearly
all consumers. It costs as much to furnish the
necessary food and clothing for the laboring
operative, mechanic, or farmer as it does the
rich. What an injustice! The rich capital-
ist. with his hundreds of thousands,_ under
the present system of Radical laws, invests
his means in the bonds of the nation, saved
and secured from taxation, while everything
the poor person has is taxed to its utmost
capacity : and yet the Radical party ask the
people to perpetuate them in power. Will
they do it ? I think not.
AN APPEAL TO THE PEOPLE.
Methinks I hear in the short distance tha
cry of the old Democracy and the Conservative
element of the country from every hill and
valley in the land, as the presidential election
approaches, saying to the clans, "Get ye ready
to do battle for the right and the oppressed,'
declaring that they will strike off the shackles
that have sorely bound them, and assert at the
ballot-box next fall thatthey are freemen, and
bid the laboring millions to be of good cheer 1
I am hopeful. From the signs of the times I
believe that a storm of indignation is gather-
ing that will burl from power those who now
hold it to the disgrace of freedom and free insti-
tutions ; and when that happy day shall have
arrrived such a shout of rejoicing as never was
