1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
$3,000,000 for the erection of levees, and this road-
bed is claimed for a levee. It is said that the actual
oost of grading was not to exceed $2,500 a mile. Aid
was allowed by the State to the amount of $10,000 a
mile to roads endowed with a land grant, and $15,000
a J?1/? to roads that had no congressional aid.
Question. Did that road get bonds for their em-
bankment under the railroad law, and additional
bonds under the levee law?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. It was, then, paid twice for the same
embankment ?
"Answer. In that way, yes, sir. The road was the
road known as the Mississippi, Ouachita, and Red
River railroad, of which Thomas M. Bowen was
president until recently. He was associate justice
of the supreme court at the time, and is one of the
managing men of the Clayton party.
"Question. What is the present debt of the State
of Arkansas ?
"Answer. The statutes authorize the increase of
the debt to about eighteen million dollars. I think
the funded debt is about two million six hundred
thousand dollars. Then there is a debt in the shape
of old outstanding bonds, which, with the principal
and interest up to the 1st of Inst January? is about
one million six hundred thousand dollars. Thenaid
to railroads is authorized to the amount of about
eleven million two hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars, and levee bonds to the amount of $3,000,000."
I also read his testimony upon the same
subject, as elicited by the chairman of the
committee and the Senator from North Caro-
lina, commencing on page 80 :
" Question. Your attention bas been called to some
proceedings under the laws of the State in reference
to State aid to railroads. Do those laws provide for
commissioners to determine how much track has
been graded?
" Answer. Yes, sir.
44 Question. Can the Governor issue bonds or give
this aid in whatever form it is to be given to these
companies until the commissioners have examined
and certified to him?
"Answer. No, sir; I think he cannot.
" Question. Have such certificates been made to
him by the commissioners?
"Answer. Iam not able to state; but I presume
they have been.
*' Question. You have said, if I remember correctly
your testimony, that theGovernor hasissuedthis aid
to railroads in your State in violation of the law?
"Answer. I did not say it was in violation of the
law; I stated how it had been done.
'/ Question, I understood you to say that the com-
missioners had certified to that distance having been
graded.
" Answer. I do not think Isaid anything about the
commissioners.
" Question. Who are the commissioners ?
"Anxwer. I think the secretary of State, the State
treasurer, and the Governor, were the three com-
missioners.
" Question. To determine how much had been
graded ?
"Answer. I would not like to state about that.
"Question. Were they the same commissioners
under all the laws granting State aid?
"Answer. Yes, sir; under all the railroad laws.
'* Question. Is that a general law of the State ?
" Annxoer. Yes, sir.
" Question. So that the issuing of the aid, whatever
it was, is upon the evidence required by the statute ?
"Answer. I suppose so; I do not know. I have
not examined to see whether or not the requisite
evidence "was furnished.
44 Question. You cannot say this aid was illegally
issued?
44 Answer. lean only state what I have stated. I
believe it to have been illegally issued.
14 Question. For instance, you say thatonehundred
and twenty miles of road was to be graded, and that
aid was issued for that distance, while only forty-five
miles have actually been graded?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
44 Question. Do I understand you to say that these
commissioners have certified that one hundred and
twenty miles of road have been graded, when that
number of miles of road have not been graded ?
" Answer. I do nut know about that.
" Question. Do you know whether they have or not
so certified ?
" Answer. I know what the fact is about the road.
44 Question. Doyouknowwheiherornotitisgraded
for that distance?
"Answer. Yes, sir; I know the fact, for I have
been over the road.
41 Question. I would like to know who the commis-
sioners are.
44 Answer. Very well.
"By Mr. Blair:
44 Question. The Governor is one of them ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
44 Question. And in any event he would know that
the law has not been complied with ?
' Answer. Yes sir.
*' By the Chairman :
" Question. You say there are three commissioners?
" Answer. I believe there are three.
" Question. And without any knowledge of how
many there were, or who they are, you make these
statements here ?
44 Answer. I make the statements I do make.
44 Question. You state as a lawver, araember of the
bar, that there is a law requiring the commissioners
to examine and certify beiore aid can be given ?
' Answer. I believe the commissioners award State
aid. I am not able to state upon what evidence
they award it.
44 Question. Do you recollect whether, inyour testi-
mony m chief, you placed this whole matter of aid
upon the Governor, without reference to the other
commissioners?
44 Answer. I do not think I did. I do not think
anything was asked about Governor Clayton, par-
ticularly in reference to aid to railroads.
_ Question. You say there is. a board of commis-
sioners whose duty it is to examine whether the work
required by the railroad law has been performed, to
entitle the corporation to draw bonds?
"Answer. There is a board of commissioners of
award for the purpose of awarding State aid.
Question. How?
"Answer. To the different railroads. They would
select the roads to which tho aid should be given,
and I suppose would award it from time to time.
Question. Perhaps I misunderstood you assaying
that the commissioners were to examine whether the
work had been done, which was required by the act,
to entitle them to bonds?
" Answer. I am not able to state precisely what is
their duty. A reference to the statute would very
soon show. I have not examined the statute espe-
cially upon that point.
"Question. You would not safr that the Governor
of the State was on such a board as that—to report
to himself as to whether the work had been done?
" Answer. I think he is a member of the board.
' Question. Of a board to parcel out these bonds to
the various railroads?
44 Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Do you know whether it was a board
charged with the duty of examining the work done
on the roads?
"Answer. I do not.
44 Question. Your recoil ection is not clear as to how
the statute is on that point?
44 Answer. No, sir."
Mr. President, up to this time I have been
acting from a sense of duty which I conceived
I owed myself alone ; but, in reviewing this
testimony, I am governed by a double duty:
first, to the State which I have the honor iii
part to represent; afterward to myself; for
the witness attacks the credit of the State of
Arkansas as well as my own character.
The testimony of the witness itself discloses
a degree of ignorance upon his part of the
railroad laws of the State which would deter
most persons from testifying at all concerning
its execution, especially when the credit of a
State is at issue and the character of a fellow-
man is at stake. He seems to have confounded
and mixed up with the issuance of bonds the
separateand distinctactof awarding State aid.
The first is the act of the Governor, the
second of the board of railroad commissioneis.
The railroad commissioners merely designate
the railroads which have sufficient resources
and will be of sufficient public benefit to justify
the State in aiding them by the loan of its
credit. That is what is meant by the award
of State aid.
After the roads thus designated have com-
plied with the provisions of the law, chief of
which is the grading and preparing of their
road-bed for the iron rails, then they may
apply to the Governor for the issuance of bonds
to the extent of the number of miies so pre-
pared. and it is his duty toissue them upon the
filing by the president of the company of his
official receipt with theGovernor, together with
the affidavit of himself and four directors; that
the bonds, or the avails ofthem, shall be dis-
posed of solely for the purpose of providing
tor the ironing, equipping, building, and com-
pleting of the road. This will fully appear
from sections two, three, four, five, and six of
the acts of the General Assembly of Arkan-
sas, which 1 ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
'' Sec. 2. Be it further enacted, That the board of
railroad commissioners are hereby authorized and
required to receive the application for the loan of
State credit herein provided for, and to designate
the roads entitled to the samo: Provided, The whole
aggregate number of miles of railroad proposed to
be built by such companies, to which such aid is
granted, does not exceed eight hundred and fifty
miies.
" feec. 3. Be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of said board of railroad commissioners to in-
spect, from time to time, the railroad desiring to
receive said aid, and shall indicate to the Governor
the manner such State aid is being used and applied.
And should it appear that such State aid is being
improperly used or applied, then the Governor is
hereby authorized to withhold all or a part of said
bonds, and to take such other steps as he may deem .
proper, to the end that the bonds shall not be squan-
dered to the manifest injury of the citizens of the
State. Such action on the part of the Governor shall
be reported to the next session of the General Assem-
bly, who are hereby empowered to take such steps
as may be necessary to protect the interests of the
State.
44 Sec. 4. Be it further enacted, That any railroad
company having existence under tho laws of this
State, and desirous of receiving the State aid here-
inafter provided for, may signify the same by ap-
plication to 'the board of railroad commissioners,
signed by the president, and attested by the seal or
said corporation, setting forth the character and
organization of said company, its capital stock, a
map of the line or lines of road proposed to be built,
the progress made thereon, the financial condition
and resources of such company, with such other
information as the case may require; and if said
board of railroad commissioners shall find such cor-
poration to be organized according to law, with
resources adequate to the purpose, and that the con-
struction of the proposed line or lines ot road will
be of public benefit, and said board of railroad com-
missioners shall consent to approve and grant such
application, then and thereafter the said railroad
company or corporation shall be entitled to, and
have a right to ask for, demand, and receive the
bonds of the State hereinbefore declared to be
pledged and granted, upon complying with and ful-
filling the terms andconditionsliereinaftersetforth,
44 Sec. 5. Be it further enacted, That any railroad
company or corporation which shall have acquired
the right to demand and receive State aid, by virtue
of the official certificate in the preceding section
specified, and claiming an issue of bonds in its be-
half, shall first file in the office of secretary of State
the following papers, namely:
44 First. A map of the line or lines of railroad pro-
posed to be built, showing the counties traversed,
the general direction and terminal points, and the
streams to be crossed.
44 Second. The affidavit of the president and chief
engineer, showing the estimated cost of preparing
the first consecutive one hundred miles of road for
the iron rails.
" Third. The affidavitof the president or treasurer
that the available resources of the company, subscrp-
tions, money, lands, and other means, arc sufficient
to prepare one hundred consecutive miles, or one
third of the whole line of road for the iron rails.
14Fourth. The affidavitof the president and chief
engineer, that, ten consecutive miies of road have
been graded, bridged, furnished with ties, and made
ready for the iron rails.
"Fifth. And shall furnish the Governor with such
papers, documents, and other information as he may
require in reference to the railroad or its manage-
ment, to which affidavit shall be made.
"Sec. 6. Bp it, further enacted. That thereupon the
Governor, or the person filling for the time being the
executive office, shall issue to the president of said
company the bonds of the State of Arkansas, bear-
ing the seal of the State, attested by the secretary
of State, as provided in section one hereof, upon the
completion and preparation for the iron rails of
each succceding ten miles or more, until the entire
line or lines of road of said railroad corporation shall
be completed. The president of such railroad com-
pany shall file his official receipt for each issue of
bonds, accompanied by the affidavit of himself and
at least four directors, that the bonds, or the avails
of them, shall be disposed of solely for the purpose
of providing for theironing, equipping, building and
completing said road."
Mr. CLAYTON. But on another point
this witness has testified with equal ignorance
of, or indifference to, the facts of the case.
He has stated that the State aid to railroads
was generally awarded to my personal friends.
Now, fortunately, this is a question of fact
to be settled, not by the general impression
or belief of any man, or set of men, but by
the records of roads to which aid was given.
These roads were as follows :
Miles.
Memphis and Little Rock  90
Little Rock and Fort Smith 150
Cairo and Fulton 300
Little Rock and Helena  98
Mississippi, Ouachita, and Red river 100
LittleRock, Pine Bluff, and New Orleans  112
Now, of these companies it is not pretended
that there are more than two with which my
personal friends were counected ; and these
two roads received less than one fourth of the
eight hundred and fifty milos of State aid which
the commissioners under the law could pledge
or award. Ail of tho other roads which
received an award of the State aid were con-
trolled by men whower^ conspicuously, either
personally or politically, opposed to me; but
they were enterprises of great public import-
ance, and I could not, and as has been seen did
not, suffer my personal feelings or ambition
to affect my official action as one of the com-
missioners. In the case of the Memphis and
Little Rock railroad, one of the roads par-
ticularly mentioned by Whipple, the officers
and agents of that road were, from an early
