1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2107
tween the two Houses, "The constitutional
question must be regarded as important, but
it was one which cannot be settled by the Sen-
ate. It ispurely a question of privilege, and the
decision belongs to the House." The House
did decide it then, and has ever since decided
it when the question arose, that this body
cannot part with one jot or one tittle of its
rights on the subject of revenue legislation.
Now, gentlemen may say that we are draw-
ing a " tine sight" when we propose to adopt
the resolution of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, for the Senate have only been using
their right to amend a revenue bill which ori-
ginated here. In order to show the spirit in
which this part of the Constitution has been
interpreted, let me call attention to a contro-
versy which arose between the Senate and the
House sixteen years ago, when the Senate un-
dertook to originate, and did originate and
pass several general appropriation bills, and
sent them to this body. The Senate insisted
that ail appropriation bill was not a bill lor
raising revenue, nor was it a bill lor reducing
revenue; and, furthermore, they urged with
great point that in the constitutional Conven-
tion a proposition was made, and failed, to put
into the Constitution that the right to origin-
ate revenue aud appropriation bills should be
vested solely in the House, and the fact that
appropriation bills were stricken out of the
clause left it clearly to be inferred that the
Senate might originate such bills. In the
course of a long debate which occurred in the
Senate, William U. Seward made a speech
of rare clearness and logical power, in which
he said:
111 am not going to contend that the provision of
the Constitution which I have read, by its letter,
forbids the Senate from originating appropriation
bills; its letter clearly concedes it, and I concede
also that there is an argument to bo drawn from the
fact that the Convention discussed the proposition
m both its shapes, and finally adopted the one which
we now find in which the limitation is applied only
to bills originating revenue, that the Convention
may have considered that appropriation bills might
be originated in the Senate.
"But against this argument is one which seems to
mo perfectly conclusive, and it is this reply : what-
ever tho Convention may have purposed, and how-
ever they may have understood the Constitution
which they have framed, tho fact is a stubborn one
that the. Senate has never originated an appropri-
aiion bill, but that it has always conceded to the
House of Representatives tile origination of appro-
priation bills ; aud the House of Representatives
has never conceded to the Senate the right to origin-
ate such bills, but has always insisted upon and
exacted that right itself. Tliis could not have been
accidental; it was therefore designed. The design
and purpose were those of the contemporaries of tho
Constitution themselves,and it evinces their under-
standing of the subject, which was that bills of a
general nature for appropriating tho public money,
or for faying taxes or burdens on the people, direct
or indirect in their operation, belonged to tho prov-
ince of the House of Representatives."—Congres-
sional Globe, January, 1856, page 376.
Messrs. Sumxeu and Wii.sok, of Massachu-
setts, strongly indorsed the position taken by
Mr. Seward. The Senate, however, passed
two appropriation bills, but when they reached
tlie House they were immediately laid on the
table, being treated as an infringement of the
privileges of the House.
I cite this ciieuinstauce to show the spirit
in which this clause of the Constitution lias
been construed from the days of the fathers
to the present time.
Mr. PETERS. Will my friend from Ohio
allow me a question?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. PETERS. It is this: if you do not
give a literal construction to this paragraph in
the Constitution, how can yon have any rule
fixing the limit of the power of the Senate to
make amendments? If you send over a bill
raising §1,000,000, can they put on another
million, or can they put on another dollar?
Where is the line to be drawn, or can you
define their power?
Mr. ELDREDGE. Allow me to make a
still further inquiry in the same direction. If
the Senate cannot do that which the gentle-
man from Maine suggests, can they, when the
House passes a measure to raise $1,000,000,
cut it down to $500,000?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will come to
these points by and by. I have cited the case
in regard to appropriation bills for the sake of
showing that from the First Congress to the
present time the construction of this clause
of the Constitution has been most broadly on
the side of the rights of the House.
The ease now before us is new and difficult.
I think the same point has never come into
controversy. It raises the question how far
the Senate may go in asserting their right to
"propose or concur with amendments as on
other bills.!'
We must not construe our rights so as to
destroy theirs, aud we must take care that
they do not so construe their rights as to
destroy ours. If their right to amendment is
unlimited, then our right amounts to nothing
whatever. It is the merest mockery to assert
any right.
What, then, is the reasonable limit to this
right of amendment? It is clear to my mind
that the Senate's power to amend is limited to
the subject-matter of the bill. That limit is
natural, is definite, and can be clearly shown.
If there had been no precedent in the case, I
should say that a House bill relating solely to
revenue on salt could not be amended by add-
ing to it clauses raising revenue on textile
fabrics, but that all the amendments ot the
Senate should relate to the duty on salt.
To admit that the Senate can take a House
bill consisting of two lines, relating specifically
and solely to a single article, and can graft
upon them in the name of an amendment a
whole system of tariff and internal taxation,
is to say that they may exploit all the meaning
out of the clause of the Constitution which
we are "now considering, aud may rob the
House of the last vestige of its rights under
that clause.
I am sure that this House, remembering the
precedents which have been set from the First
Congress until now, will not permit this right
to be invaded on such a technicality.
Now, I will not say, for I believe it cannot
be held, the mere length of an amendment
shall be any proof of invasion of the privi-
leges of the House. True, we sent to the
Senate a bill of three or four lines, and they
have sent back a bill of twenty printed pages.
I do not deny their light to send back a bill
of a thousand pages as an amendment to our
two lines. But I do insist that their thousand
pages must be on the subject-matter of ourbill.
It is not the number of lines, nor is it—I now
respond to my friend from Maine [Mr. Peters]
who asked me a question—nor is it the amount
of revenue raised or reduced of which we have
a right to complain. We may pass a bill to
raise $1,000,000 from tea and coffee. The
Senate may move so to amend it as to raise
$100,000,000 from tea and coffee, if such a
tiling was possible; or they may so amend
it as to make it but one dollar from tea and
coffee, or they may reject the bill altogether.
Mr. PEl'ERS. May not the Senate add
other articles?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If we refer to
the practices of the two Houses, doubtless
the Senate has usually, without any question
having been raised by the House, added oilier
articles. And I do not say that this would be
an abuse of our privileges on a general reve-
nue bill. But the bill oil which these amend-
ments were made was in no sense a general
revenue bill. It was an act relating exclu-
sively to a single aitiele. There was nothing
either in the title nor in the bill itself to indi-
cate that it was intended as a general revenue
bill. Furthermore, it was well known that the
proper committee of the House were prepar-
ing a general bill, in which the whole subject
was to be open for consideration. Consider-
ing all the circumstances of the case, and par-
ticularly the fact that on the single clause of
i our hill, relating to but one article of taxation,
the Senate has ingrafted a general bill, em-
bracing not only the tariff generally, but our
whole internal system of taxation, it is clear that
the ground we now take is not questionable
ground, and it becomes the undoubted duty of
the House to stand on its rights and refuse to
consider this bill.
Mr. PETERS. Then allow me to ask the
gentleman if the rule is a fixed one, or one in
the discretion of the House?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say
this : it is a fixed rule, and if tho House has
ever slept on its fights it ought not to be now
concluded from asserting them because of its
past neglect; and if there ever was a time in
the history of the Government when this
House should reclaim and assert its rights it
is now and here, when on the naked lay figure
of two lines the entire revenue system of the
Government is about to be revolutionized by
the action of the Senate. If that bill from the
Senate, now on your table, Mr. Speaker, be
recognized by us, we shall have surrendered
absolutely not only the letter but the spirit
of the rule hitherto adopted, and with it our
exclusive privilege under the Constitution.
If it be said that this resolution which the
House is asked to adopt is an unusual one, I
answer that the circumstances under which if,
is proposed are equally unprecedented.
It is well known that the Senate, even in
the recess, has been deliberately at work pre-
paring the tardFbill; and they have only been
waiting the slight opportunity afforded by 'he
two lilies which tlia House sent them to ini-
tiate and take control of our tarff legislation.
It is this course of procedure which the House
is called upon to resist.
Mr. Speaker, 1 thank the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] for his courtesy.
I did not intend to say so much as I have done.
Mr. DAWES. I did think that the debate
on these resolutions could be closed inthe hour
to which under the rule I would be entitled;
but the subject is one of such importance that
I hardly think it proper to restrict the debate
to such limit. Still I do not want to trespass
upon the claims of the other business before
the House. I now yield to my colleague [Mr.
Butlek] for a few minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
that it would not be well for the House to pass
upon so grave a constitutional question as this
under any rule that shoull look like limiting
debate. So that I hope that the previous
question will not be called soon by general
consent, because I can see that here and now
is to be established a precedent which must
have great effect upon the further continuance
of our present forms of this Government. It'
the power now claimed by the Senate to ori-
ginate money bills can be sustained under the
Constitution, then the great balance-wheel of
the Constitution, which provides the equality
of power in the States and not in the people,
inthe Senate and as against the Representa-
tives of the people in the House, in relation to
certain portions of the legislative action ot the
Government and restraining it in others, is
entirely gone. The equality of the States iu
tho Senate was the great compromise of the
Convention which framed the Constitution, and
to pre\ent the overweening power of what
was deemed the smaller and therefore aristo-
cratic body was the problem ot that day solved
by the limitations and guards against oppies-
sioti of the people of which the clause now
under consideration was one of the most im-
portant. If by construction or our negligence
that is removed, then the people will by some
mode see that their voice becomes as potent
in the Senate as in tlie House. 1 he rule ot
majority representation in suck case will be
applied to the Senate at once.
'The provision of the Constitution involved
in this question is one over the principles of
which was carried on for live hundred years
the greatest parliamentary struggle of the peo-
ple to gain their rights against despotic power.
