3900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
We have reduced the duty, as the Senator
states.
" Mr. SUMNER. Let me ask the Senator
does he think that the lawn and ornamental
trees imported from Europe come into com-
petition with those that e,re raised in our
own country ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Unquestionably. There
are nurseries in the State of New York with
more capital than a great manufacturing estab-
lishment in the State of Massachusetts. There
is one nursery in Rochester which employs
more men probably and produces a greater
result. It would destroy their business if you
allowed foreign shrubs which are not guaranteed
by a name that is respectable to come so low.
Mr SUMNER. May I ask my friend if he
would not allow that to be reduced to ten per
cent.?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; I think it is low
enough. It is reduced now from twenty five
to twenty per cent.
Mr. SUMNER. I think these foreign trees
should come in free. I would encourage that
importation.
Mr. SHERMAN. People who want these
ornamental trees can pay.
Mr. SUMNER. We should encourage them
"till Birnam wood do come to Dunsinane."
I should like to have every tree we could get.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is more
capital perhaps embarked in the nursery busi-
ness than any one other branch of agricultural
business. It extends all over the country, to
every county, and in New York, Ohio, Illinois,
and Massachusetts. I think there is more em-
barked in it than there is in the manufacture of
cottons, and it is amistake to suppose that it is a
great God-send to the people of this country to
have imported trees. I have tried it. The im-
ported trees, nine times out of ten, are entirely
worthless. They will not flourish at all when
transplanted from France and Belgium, and to
other places where they can be obtained very
cheap; and they can be produced here from seed
in large quantities and sold at very small prices.
It would be wrong to reduce the duty below
what has been proposed by the Committee on
Finance, which is a very heavy and a large
reduction.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not expect to in-
terfere much with motions to amend this bill.
There is no time to do that. I only wish to
say now, in response to the motion of the Sen-
a-tor from Massachusetts, that if I am not
"wrong in my impressions ot the tariff law as it
exists, this bill, if it shall pass, imposes a
much heavier duty upon manufactured articles
than it does upon agricultural products, and
that therefore it discriminates in favor of the
manufacturer and against the agriculturist.
Of one thing I am very certain, that while the
great bulk oi agricultural products cannot be
benefited by the imposition of duties at all,
because there is no importations from abroad
that comes in competition with them, there is
scarcely a manufactured article that cannot
be protected to some extent by the imposition
of a tariff.
That being the case, I am in favor, where
agriculture has any show, of its being upon an
equal footing, as far as it can be, with manu-
factured articles; and I think that as the
average duty upon manufactured articles is
much more than twenty per cent., this little
agricultural product might be allowed to stand
at twenty per cent., and then you do not do
justice to the agricultural population.
In regard to the matter itself, I would say
to the Senator that taking my own town as an
instance there is more money invested in the
nurseries right around Columbus than there
is in any one manufacturing establishment in
Columbus, although there are some very large
ones there. The investment is principally in
fruit trees. Still there are a great number of
exotics which are to be found in those nur-
Beries, and which are sold to persons who wish to
ornament their grounds. I do not stand upon
the fact of my own county being particularly
interested one way or the other ; but I stand
upon this: that the average of duties on manu-
factured articles is more than twenty percent.;
and here is an agricultural product, and I think
it is but fair that it should be as high as twenty
per cent. I am in favor of reducing duties on
all, if you please, and would reduce them upon
everything ; but if you will keep up the duty
on manufactured articles as high as it is, give
agricultural products something like an equal
duty.
Mr. CAMERON. I think we have been for
several years doing a great injustice to our
country and making ourselves ridiculous in
importing flowers and fruit trees and all that
sort of thing. The clause now under consid-
eration is:
All fruit, shade, lawn, and ornamental trees,
shrubs, plants, and flower-seeds not otherwise pro-
vided for, twenty per cent, ad valorem.
I would keep these things out entirely. We
are producing these trees and plants better in
this country from seeds, in addition to our
native plantsand trees, and those produced from
the seeds here grow more rapidly and more
substantially than trees brought from abroad.
We have in this country the most beautiful
shade trees in the world. Not long ago I went
down to one of the public gardens here and
the superintendent took me to look at a plant
which he said was the most beautiful thing of
the kind he had ever seen he had got some-
how from somebody in some place, he did not
know where. I looked at it and found it was
the spruce pine, which covers every mountain
we have in this country north of forty-two
degrees, and it is the most beautiful hedge
that the world has seen; and yet they knew
nothing about it.
Fruit is more rapidly produced by grafting
or budding than by bringing the trees here.
You find an old pear tree, for instance in this
country, fifty years old if you please, for they
live to be one hundred and fifty and more
years old. I have one now at my door a good
deal more than a hundred years old fully bear-
ing every year. A graft from a tree thirty or
forty years old in two or three years at furthest
will bear as fully as a tree planted here brought
from abroad after it is fifteen or twenty years
old.
There is a great deal of humbug about all
this sort of thing, and this is one of the bum-
bugs of the day that we should bring trees and
plants from abroad, very often carried origin-
ally from this country there. We import now
hollyhocks, pinks, roses, honeysuckles, pan-
sies, violets, and mignouiiette. Let me see
what else; I do not remember the names now,
but all the very plants whose fragrance has
given pleasure to the generations for the last
hundred years, we are bringing them here all
the time. The lilac is yearly brought to this
country, and among the earliest plants brought
to this country is the lilac. We have produced
varieties of it here that they have in no other
country. We have a white lilac, which is an
anomaly, because there is a color which is also
called lilac; but here is a plant of the same
fragrance and beauty that is perfectly white, as
white as a sheet of paper.
Then they bring in pear trees. Why, sir, the
finest pear tree iu the world is the seckel, the
pear discovered in Pennsylvania about ninety
years ago. Twenty-five years ago I planted a
dozen pear trees, every one of them the pro-
duct of our own country. About the same
time I had an old pear tree on my grounds on
which I inoculated them and others. That
took about five years to produce well. Then
alter awhile I grafted, and I found that three
years was the utmost time required to make
an old tree produce new and better fruit.
Since then, and especially in the last twelve
and fifteen years, nurseries have sprung up
all over the country, not so many in Pennsyl-
vania as there are in New York. At Roches-
ter there must be a couple of hundred thou-
, or it may be more, dollars invested in
a nursery.
Mr. CONKLING. Five million invested
in one.
Mr. CAMERON. Five million dollars in one
nursery 1 I do not doubt it. These nurseries,
are all over Ohio and to a smaller degree in west-
ern Pennsylvania and elsewhere. The people
engaged in this business, for it is a specialty,
have been improving on our native fruits and
vines by bringing in buds and grafts from
abroad. Belgium and lower down iu Hol-
land is the great place for flowers. The
hyacinth has been in this country one hundred
and fifty or two hundred years, and yet every
year we are bringing in large numbers. It has
become a great business to bring bulbousroots
into America. There is the tulip, which a
long while ago, in the time of Goldsmith, was
a great speculation in Belgium, just like the
Morus multicaulis was in this country. It is
one of the most beautiful flowers we have, but
entirely without fragrance. We produce it
here more beautiful than ever it was produced
in Holland, which was its original country.
Now they pretend to improve them bv making
them double, but the most beautitul of all the
tulips is the single one, just as it was two hun-
dred years ago, and all the improvements made
there only make us pay higher prices. You
will find our seed-stores filled every year with
these plants.
Then there is the rose. There has been no
improvement on the rose in a thousand years.
You can make it produce more and ofteufer in
the year, but the old cabbage rose that every
man not over fifty years of age must remem-
ber that ornamented the garden of his mother,
is the most fragrant, not only of all the roses,
but of all the plants which give pleasure from
their perfume.
First in the year is the crocus, without any
fragrance; and then comes the hyacinth, which
makes every man who puts it to his nostrils
glad and happy. After awhile in short suc-
cession come,s the lilac, and then we all believe
the lilac is more beautiful m its fragrance than
the hyacinth was; but we forget that directly
when the rose comes, which is the queeu of
all the flowers. After awhile comes the jessa-
mine, and then is the honeysuckle. We have
the most delicious of all that tribe in our for-
ests. The wild and the red honeysuckle of
the mountains of Pennsylvania and New York
in its fragrance is equal to all that were ever
brought here from abroad, and yet we are
bringing from every part of the world, for
there is a variety in every and all honeysuckles
of every grade and of every color, and the
jessamine, which is a cousin of the honey-
suckle, is brought to us from abroad, when we
produce it here, in the South particularly, more
beautiful and more fragrant than it is abroad.
Then why should we not allow our own peo-
ple to make out of this business all they can
ratherthan let foreigners abroad compete with
us in our agriculture, or rather our floriculture
and fruit culture, and in all that which makes
every man's and every woman's home so
beautiful.
In traveling through the country I have often
said to myself, and I have frequently expressed
it to others, when I saw a beautilul vine or a
beautiful flower or a handsome tree at the
door—I have said, "Some delicate and refined
woman lives here." I do not care how poor
the household may be, how rough everything
else^about that home may be, when I see
flowers there I say, ''That woman is a bless-
ing to her husband because she brings refine-
ment into her house and gives refinement to
her children ;" and I would do nothing which
would interfere with that which I think the
most beautiful of all the arts—the culture of
plants and flowers and fruits.
Sir. SUMNER. I will not arrest the pro-
gress of this bill any longer. I did not ex-
pect to inspire the beautilul and instructive
disquisition to which we have listened from the
