1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2109
to have excited the pride of the House the
discussion progresses with so much temper,
and so much calmness, and I may say with so
much ability. I have not risen to follow the
gentlemen who have addressed the House in
the line of argument they have pursued, so
much as to express an apprehension that the
proposed action by the resolution now before
us may embarrass, if not defeat entirely, the
passage of any tariff bill at this session of
Congress; which, in my judgment, would be a
great public calamity, and very disastrous to
the interests of the country.
I assume that the House will pass this reso-
lution, and I assume that it will pass it with
entire unanimity. I also assume that there
are two sides to this question. I cannot make
the violent presumption that the Senate of the
United States could have adopted this amend-
ment to our bill had it. not been satisfied, from
its view of its own power, that it had the con-
stitutional authority to do it. The seventh
section of the Constitution, as it has been
quoted in this discussion, has given to the
House the entire power to originate revenue
bills. It has been said that that, is taken from
the English system, where the House of Com-
mons has not only the entire power to origin-
ate those bills, but where the House of Lords
cannot amend such bills at all. When our
Constitution went further, and said that the
Senate may propose or concur with amend-
ments, it was a modification of the English
system to that extent. Now, it is said here
that the Senate cannot originate revenue bills.
Nobody disputes that. I apprehend that there
is no member of the other House of the Legis-
lature who disputes that.
But, under the second clause of that sec-
tion, the power is claimed to propose amend-
ments and to amend. We are told here that
those amendments must be pertinent to the
subject-matter of the bill. The subject-matter
is what? Revenue. The exclusive power in
the House is to originate revenue bills, and
anything that, appertains to revenue certainly
is the subject-matter of a revenue bill.
Why, sir, what has been the practice of Con-
gress for a series of years with reference to
Senate amendments to House bills ? , Our
ordinary appropriation bills have been amended
in the Senate by incorporating into them
clauses repealing existing lav?, and not per-
taining in any way whatever to the subject-
matter of the appropriation. And there are
instances on instances where the Senate has
gone so far as to introduce entirely original
legislation in the body of an appropriation
bill, and in which, when the bill came back
to this House, the House has concuned in it.
Therefore the practice of the House and the
practice of the Senate has been that the Sen-
ate have gone very far in excess, in my judg-
ment, of the constitutional provision, which is
that the amendment shall go to the subject-
matter, which is in this case purely of a reve-
nue character.
But, sir, this question has been argued very
ably on that side. I, for one, am disposed
to stand here firmly in behalf of the rights
and prerogatives of the popular branch of
this Government. I have for some time
looked with apprehension and jealousy on the
growing tendency to centralization atthe other
end of this Capitol, and at the other end of
this avenue. 1 have witnessed, in the course
ot my experience in public life, a great deal
of concentration of power in the city of Wash-
ington, by the making of local, municipal, and
State powers subsidiary and entirely tribu-
tary and subordinate to a power not known, to
the Government of the country at the adop-
tion of the Constitution. This body, which
is responsible to the people, which goes every
two years to the people for its indorsement by
the vote of the people—this body, in my
judgment, should have the exclusive and sole
power to raise-revenue and to impose taxes.
And when the other body assumes, even in the
remotest degree, to encroach upon the pre-
rogatives of this House, I would have this
House act with entire unanimity and harmony
in maintaining its own rights under the Con-
stitution of the United States.
But, sir, how does this question here present
itself to the American people? We have been
five months in session. Your Committee of
Ways and Means have been four months in
consideration of the great question of the tariff,
and although this House, under a suspension
of the rules, upon two or three occasions have
passed isolated tariff bills,that committee has
failpd to report any tariff bill, or any bill for a
modification of the tariff.
Mr. DAWES. Perhaps it may not be im-
proper for me to state, as the gentleman says
he agrees with the position we take, although
he ex .esses some apprehension that we may
not be able to reach the tariff question, that
there is every prospect that the Committee
of Ways and Means will report a bill in a
week.
Mr. WOOD. I am sure the country as well
as the House will be delighted to hear that
there is a prospect of a proposition from that
committee at last. My apprehension, when
the gentleman offered the resolution to sum-
marily dispose of the Senate bill, was*that the
effect would be to hinder or obstruct a final
agreement of the two Houses on a tariff bill
at all. Now, it is due to the whole country
that we dispose of the subject at once. It is
due to the importing interests, so far as tea
and coffee are concerned, that we dispose of
that- question. This House Iihs once, twice,
thriee voted by large majorities in favor of
taking the duty off those articles at once, and
the Senate, in my judgment, have not done
what they should nave done in not acting
sooner on the question, altogether and finally.
But if we are to have a tariff bill, if, as the
chairman says, he will report a bill this week
and we can take it up, then the apprehension
I had as to the result of this proposition is to
that extent dissipated and done away with. I
can only say further that I hope the House
will be unanimous in favor of this resolution.
It is our right, it is our duty, our constitutional
right and constitutional duty to maintain the
prerogatives that belong to us under the exist-
ing Constitution.
1 now yield to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. [Mr. Hoar.]
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, this is a mat-
ter, I think, of deep importance. The posi-
tion which the Senate lias taken on this and
kindred questions thieateus the permanence
of the Senate itself. If this legislation be
admitted, this House, who represent the peo-
ple, give up to the Senate, who represent the
States, tliegreat equivalent which, in the form-
ation of the Constitution, was given by the
small States to the large States in consider-
ation for their equality in the Senate. As has
been already said, the Convention of 1787
twiee nearly ended its labors in disorder in
consequence of its failure to agree upon this
matter. The representatives of the large
States outnumbering those of the small States
in that Convention at first as six to three, and
afterward as six to five, refused to yield the
principle <of the equality of the States in the
Senate, and it was not until this equivalent
of the originating power by the House of
Representatives of money bills was affirmed
that through that compromise harmony was
reached.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what is the position of
the Senate of the United States? First, by
undertaking to make of a revenue bill sent
there by this body a substantially new meas-
ure, it claims to originate for all practical
purposes a money bill in defiance of the ex-
press provision of the Constitution. It has
with the consent of this House deprived the
Representatives of the people in the organiza-
tion of every new House of the right to assem-
ble for nine months to inquire into public
grievances or to make new laws. In these
two ways the constitutional powers of this
House are diminished for the advantage of a
body not representing the people but the
States, and representing, therefore, in its major-
ity often a minority of the American people.
On the other hand, the Senate turns to the
President, and not only claims its constitutional
power of approving or disapproving his rec-
ommendations for executive offices, but also
demands that the Senators of each State shall
dictate to the President who he shall recom-
mend for judicial and executive offices within
that State. And then its members claim, as
a matter of courtesy from each other, that no
person who is not approved by the particular
Senator shall he confirmed by his colleagues
in that body.
The executive powers of this Government
are wielded, not by the President, but by
subordinates. The body which controls both
appointment and removal of these subordinates
controls, in the last resort, the Executive it-
self. The Constitution contemplates that the
people once in four years, electing a President
by a majority of their number, may change the
administrative part of the Government.
The result of this most unconstitutional
claim is this : that while the Constitution pro-
vides that a majority of the people, speaking
through an Electoral College, may elect the
Executive, the powers of the Executive are in
substance transferred to a body not represent-
ing the people, but representing the States ; to
a body not chosen by the people, but chosen
by the Legislatures of the States ; not changed
once in four years, but at different and more
distant periods ; to a body which for execu-
tive purposes meets in secret, so that the act
of each individual Senator is unknown, and he
acts without responsibility either to the people
or even to public opinion. 1
Mow, I say that the result of this absorbing
in a single branch, not elected by popular
method, not representing a majority of the
American people, of these great powers, ex-
ecutive and legislative, will certainly have the
effect to overthrow the present construction of
that body itself. The new States which are
created are large States, larger in territory and
hereafter soon to be larger in population than
many of the other States ; and they never will
tolerate the equality of Rhode Island or Dela-
ware. Vermont or Connecticut, with States like
NewYork or California, or other States as they
will be hereafter, in the administration sub-
stantially of powers legislative and executive
under the American Constitution. Just so
sure as the position which the other branch
asserts in regard to these measures is success-
fully asserted, just so sure the Democratic
instincts of the American people will rise and
in some way, through the Constitution or over
it. overthrow the great principle of the equality
of the States in the other branch of the Ameri-
can Congress. How it will be done I do not
venture to predict; but that it will be done is
as sure as that the American people m the
future will love equality and democracy.
For myself I should regret to believe that
that provision of the Constitution which de-
clares that the equality of no State in the Sen-
ate shall be taken away without its consent by
any constitutional amendment is hereafter to
be destroyed. I like the Constitution as it is ;
1 respect and cherish the powers of the Sen
ate as they are. And for that reason, for their
sake. I call upon the House to guard at the
threshold any attempt to extend them or to
invade the prerogatives of this House, which
are in substance the prerogatives of the Ameri-
can people.
Why, just look at one faet. There exists
to-day, with regard to our present Executive,
some more or less of public discontent. Mem-
bcrs'of his own party, who aided in electing him,
find fault with his administration of the Gov-
ernment, and are about assembling in conven-
tion, separate from their other political asso-
