3902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
able to advoaete this amendment as I should.
I have not the information; I merely have a
request. I think if the Senator from Vermont
would be satisfied to let it pass over and see
the Secretary of the Treasury it. would be
better.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fre-
lixghuysest in the chair.) If there be no
objection, the amendment inserting the word
"like " will be passed over for the present.
The next amendment was at the end of the
paragraph to strike out the following pro-
viso :
Provided, That on all wools of tbo first class, de-
fined by law and known as clothing wools, there
shall be levied, collected, and paid ninety per cent,
of the duty now imposed by law.
TSie amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two.
to strike out lines nineteen and twenty, in tbo
following words:
On all iron and on all manufactures of iron of
which iron is the component part of chief value.
And to insert in lieu, thereof—
On all iron a.nd steel, and on all manufactures of
iron and steel of which such metals or either of
them shall be the component part of chief value, ex-
cepting cotton machinery.
Mr. SCOTT. This is the same language
that was in the Senate bill, except that before
the exception covered pig iron and steel rails.
I move to insert the same words that were
formerly in the Senate amendment, after the
words '"0011011 machinery," to insert the
words "pig iron arid steel rails," which will
then bring the amendment back to what it was
when the Senate acted on that subject before.
I wish to say that this whole subject of
reduction here is based on the assumption that
the duties as they were fixed by acts ranging
from 1801 to 1807 can be reduced ten pir
cent. I call attention to the fact heretofore
stated, that in 1870 there was a reduction on pig
iron equivalent to twenty-two per cent, on the
then existing duty; so that instead of being a
redaction upon the rates fixed by these acts, of
ten per cent., this, if now added, will be a
reduction of thirty-three percent. As the Sen
ate upon full consideration of this subject be-
fore inserted these exceptons, I trust it will do
so again without going into any lengthy discus-
sion on the subject, so that we may stand on
thisquestion where we did when the bill form-
erly passed the Senate.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment. There are no two articles
better prepared to stand a reduction than pig
iron and steel rails. I trust that the amend-
ment will be rejected. I represent a State
that is largely interested in pig iron, but I
shall resist making this exception.
The jeaj and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania whether this has the
effect to put pig iron and steel rails on the
free list?
Mr. SCOTT. No, sir; it has not the effect
of putting them on the free list; and I will
cay in answer to the statement of the Senator
from Missouri that it is just because the
demand is so large and the price so high
that 1 desire this duty to continue. I am
satisfied that if the reduction had not been
made in 1870 we should have had very many
more furnaces to supply the large demand
now existing than we have, that the effect of
that reduction was to say to capitalists, "Put
your money in this business and we will con-
tinue this reduction until competition drives
you out of the business;" but if we now keep
this duty where it is and the demand contin-
ues as it is, there will be some encourage-
ment to capital to go on and supply this
demand. The demand in Europe is large,
and therefore the price is high there. I sup-
pose that if we were to go into a computation
of this duty upon the ad valorem principle, it
would not now be twenty per cent, of the
value of pig iron in Europe, and therefore I,
(as I suppose I do,) taking a different view of
this subject from the Senator from Missouri,
advocate this duty for the very purpose of
reducing the price of pig iron in this country.
Mr. LOGAN. I have risen after waiting
a moment to see whether any person upon the
Committee on Finance was going to say any-
thing in opposition to this motion, but I have
not observed any of them indicate such an
intention, and I rise to enter my protest against
it. I do not want to discuss the question of
raising prices or decreasing values by the im-
position of a tariff; but I do insist that if ten
per cent, reduction is to be made generally
on the articles that pay a duty, there is nothing
which can stand it better than pig iron and
steel rails. The Senator from Pennsylvania
well knows that the price to-day being paid
for steel rails and for iron rails is so enormous
that it is not affected either way by the tariff.
Rails sold but a few days ago in my State for
eighty dollars a ton. How are you going to
affect that by this tariff? You do not affect it
by a reduction of ten per cent., or by an in-
crease of ten per cent., so far as the manufac-
turer is concerned ; but it may affect it to that
extent so far as the consumer is concerned.
But I do not want to discuss that. I only rose
to enter my protest against the reduction on
everything except steel rails and pig iron, for
they can stand it as well as anything else, in
my judgment.
Mr. BLAIR. I should like to remind the
Senator from Illinois also that there has been
no reduction made upon steel, I think ; but, oil
the contrary, there has been an advance in the
tariff upon steel rails.
Mr. LOGAN. It does seem to me to put
pig iron on the list with cotton machinery
would be about as good a joke as to legislate
for all except cotton machinery, pig iron, and
steel rails. There is a great deal of relation
between pig iron and steel rails and cotton
machinery 1
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not intend to say
anything about this amendment. I shall vote
myself for it. I did not wish to advocate any
amendment proposed to this bill, and would
not. have said anything about this but for the
remark of the Senator from Illinois. The
reason why I will vote to except pig iron from
the reduction is because the duty on pig iron
two years ago was reduced a greater per cent,
than the other duties are proposed to be re-
duced in this bill. It is a less average rate of
duty than upon any other metal. For instance,
take the case of lead, which we were debating
a moment ago. The duty on lead is about
fifty per cent., the duty on nig iron at the
present price is not over thirty per cent.
The Senator from Pennsylvania says not over
twenty. I have not the value of pig iron in
Liverpool now, and I canjnot state, but it is
certainly not over thirty per cent. I do not
think myself whether you put pig iron at seven
dollars a ton or $6 30 a ton would make any
difference, as the demand for pig iron is so
great that it keeps all the furnaces of England
and all the furnaces of this country in full
blast.
The production is going on very rapidly.
The increase in the consumption of iron is
( unexampled. Iron is being turned to uses
I never conceived of before; but at the same
time I believe it is better to have a stable
policy, and as in 1870 we fixed the rate of
duty at seven dollars a ton, which was about
thirty per cent., it is better to maintain that
duty, inviting competition, inviting the erec-
tion of new furnaces and thus reducing the
price by our own domestic competition. I
have no doubt by that policy pig iron in this
country will, in five or six years from this
time, be produced as cheaply as it can be in
Wales.
I might, if I wished to take time, go into
some very interesting details as to the rapid
growth of this industry iu this country, and as
to its retrograde movement in England to
show that in this country it is increasing and
that in England it is not increasing so rapidly.
I have no doubt in five or six years from this
time we shall make pig iron as cheaply as it
can be made in Wales Or Glasgow, or any of
the markets in England. I therefore do not
feel very anxious whether this amendment shall
prevail or be rejected, but I do believe it will
be good policy to except pig iron and steel
rails from the reduction in order that those
who are producing these important articles
may have some confidence in the stability of
our legislation.
The reason why steel rails were not iu pre-
vious tariff lists was simply because they were
not produced. They are a new article, and
until the Bessemer process was discoveted tha
idea of making steel rails did not occur to
anybody. The price of steel rails under the
operation of this duty has gone down. The
Senator says he can buy them for eighty dollars
a ton. They were sold only five years ago at
only $240 a ton in the English market.
They have gone down under the operation of
our protective policy, and now Bessemer steel
rail establishments are starting in nearly all
of the western States. There is one now in
Indiana, at Indianapolis.
Mr. MORTON. About to start.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have one or two in
Ohio; there are some in New York, some in
Pennsylvania, and I believe they are starting
some in Missouri. The process is a very in-
teresting one. If the duty is left alone so that
these people mayhave confidence that they will
not be disturbed in their industries, I have no
doubt that in a little while there will not be more
than ten dollars a ton difference between Bes-
semer steel rails and iron rails of good qual-
ity. I shall therefore vote for the amendment
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, although it
is an amendment to this bill, and I do not
desire to vote for anything that would change
the scope of the report.
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator referred to my
having said that steel rails were selling at
eighty dollars a ton. If I said i; steel rails"
I certainly was mistaken.
Mr. SHEIlilAN. I thought the Senator
was mistaken.
Mr. LOGAN. I said it inadvertently. Rails
are being manufactured of good quality, and
were sold for eighty dollars a ton in a manu-
facturing establishment at Joliet, Illinois, a
few weeks ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. Iron rails.
Mr. LOGAN. Speaking of this I meant to
say that the article of iron was not affected,
as I argued and as the Senator says, by this
tariff. 1 think now that while everything else
is being reduced the manufacturers of iron can
stand a reduction better than anybody else.
That was the argument I tried to use, that the
manufacturer is not affected by the reduction,
but the people who consume it at least think
they are, aud I believe they are.
I have nothing against the iron manufac-
turers ; I am sure I wish there were a great
many more in this country than there are ;
but ic does seem to me very strange that if you
touch iron or steel, anything that is manufac-
| tured in large quantities in any one particular
locality, there are a thousand reasons for keep-
ing the tariff at the highest point on that, and
just as many reasons for reducing it on every-
thing else. If the Senator will uie the same
argument and apply it to the manuftcturers
of lead in my country, and wo import three
times as much iead as we manufacture in the
county, I should think his argument was at
least generous toward all manufacturers ; but
when it is made applicable to this article it
only reminds me of the old song, Whenever
you touch iron everybody squeals."
Mr, CAMERON. I desire to say but a
word, and it is this: just now iron requires no
protection. Just at this moment, because of
the high price of iron, iron establishments are
being erected all over the United States, in
