m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
of Foster Blodgett, claiming a seat in this body as a
Senator from the Stat® of Georgia, report.:
Tintt said credentials aie ill duo form, and prima
facie entitle Goldthwaite ami Blodgett to their
seats upon taking the oath prescribed by the Consti-
tution and laws, neither of them being under any
disability.
The grounds on which their right to seats are con-
tested have not been fully considered by the com-
mittee for want of time, nor will there be sufficient
time atthis session to consider them. I  the opin-
ion of your committee it would be unjust to those
States and gentlemen to keep the latter out of their
seats until such investigation can be had.
The committee, therefore, report the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That George Goldthwaite and Foster
Blodgett be permitted to take seats in this body upon
taking the proper oath; and that the Committee
on Privileges and Elections proceed hereafter to i
consider the grounds on which their right to seats, j
respectively, are contested, and hereafter make
reports to the Senate thereon.
WM. M. STEWART.
0. P. MORTON.
H. HAMLIN.
B. F. RICE.
We eoneur in the foregoing as to Goldthwaite, but
not as to Blodgett.
JOSHUA HILL.
A. G. THURMAN.
Mr. THURMAN. The Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections, in accordance with the
universal practice of this body from the
foundation of the Government to this day, a
practice that has not a single exception,
reported that the credentials of this gentle-
man being correct, and he havingbeen elected
by a body competent to elect, he was prima
faeie entitled to his seat and to be sworn in,
and that any ground of contest would be
heard afterward ; in other words, that his
prima facie case could not be overthrown
except by testimony, aud that he was not to
be deprived of his seat until that testimony
could be heard, but was to be allowed to take his
seat and the contest proceed. That has been
the universal practice. I have looked into
the precedents, and there is not one single
exception to it.
The case of Blodgett, which was provided
for in that resolution, has been disposed of by
the admission of Mr. Norwood, so that now
the resolution has not anything to operate
upon except the case of Mr. Goldthwaite,
and to make it apply to his case alone I
offer this amendment, which is exactly the
same as the original resolution, except that it
applies to Mr. Goldthwaite alone. I move
to strike out all of the resolution after the
word "resolved." and to insert the follow-
ing:
That George goldthwaite be permitted to take a
a seat in this body as a Senator from the State of
Alabama upon taking the proper oath; and that the
Committeeon PrivilegesandEteetioosproceed here-
after to consider the grounds on which his right to
a seat is contested, and hereafter make report to the
Senate thereon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the resolution as amended.
Mr. CONKHNG. I do not wish to make
any remarks upon this subject; but I should
like to inquire of the mover, or of some mem-
ber of the committee, whether this is the judg-
ment of the Committee on Elections?
Mr. THURMAN. The unanimous judg-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The question is
on the adoption of the resolution as amended.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator-
elect is in the Chamber he is now entitled to
take the oaths of office upon presentation to
the Chair.
Mr. THURMAN. He is not here to-day.
MILEAGE TO FOSTER BLODGETT.
Mr. MORTON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
*ying on the table with reference to the pay 'jf
Foster Blodgett. who was a contestant here for
a seat from the State of Georgia.
Mr, SCOTT. I desire to inquire whether
that resolution has precedence of what the
Chair ruled to be a question of privilege, the
disposition of the resolutions with regard to
certain recusant, witnesses?
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Tthas, the Sen-
ator from Indiana having claimed the floorand
moved to proceed to its consideration. He
has therefore the prior right.
Mr. SCOT 1\ Then 1 shall ask that the
other question be taken up when this is dis-
posed of.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Indiana.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolu-
tion, submitted by Mr. Mortox on the 19th
of December last:
R'soleed, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed fco pay, out of the pay and mileage account,
to Foster Blodgett, claiming R seat as Seimtor-elect
from the State of Georgia, the pay and mileage of
a Senator commencing March 4, 1871, to the pas-
sage of this resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ought it to continne to
the present day ? Ought it not to be to the
time that the case was decided?
Mr. MORTON. From the time the ques-
tion was decided. If the resolution does not
read in that way it ought to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana modifies the resolution so as to allow
pay up to the time the case was decided.
Mr. MORTON. Ido not think it necessary
to discuss this resolution. I am advised that
it is in accordance with what has been the
uniform action of the Senate in such case?, in
accordance with the action of the Senate in
two other cases from Georgia, where the con-
testants presented certificates of election.
Mr. THURMAN. I have looked, lawyer-
like, into the precedents that bear on this reso-
lution, and I hare met with no precedent ad-
verse to the resolution, .but quite a number
that are in support of the resolution. 1 hey
go upon this ground: that where a man is
elected Senator by the Legislature of a State,
but it turns out upon an examination that he
is not entitled to the seat, but that somebody
else is entitled, this much respect is due to the
i Legislature of the State as to believe that he
!! was elected in good faith, and that he claimed
his seat in pursuance of an implied duty rest-
!' ing upon him from the choice male by that
11 Legislature, and that under such circums:anoes
|| it is proper to give him his pay. Wi'h the
11 strongest feelings in the world against the claim
|; of Mr. Blodgett to a seat in this body, under
|j the circumstances I yet feel constrained, in
: j view of the precedents, in view of this reason
■ j which seems to me entitled to great eonsider-
ation, in -view of the respect I owe to a State,
to vote for this resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. On the explana-
tion made by the Senator from Ohio I shall
vote for the resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire simply to suggest
that to aid the accounting officers iti settling
the matter it would be better to fix the precise
date in the resolution up to which the pay
should be allowed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Secretary will ascertain and in-
corporate in the resolution the precise date on
which this question was decided by the Senate.
Mr. ANT HON Y. It was the 21st of Decem-
ber, I am told.
Mr. TIPTON. I should have liked to have
heard a statement from the Committee on the
j! Judiciary, or the Committee on Privileges and
l| Elections in regard to this case. I understand
J that th^re are precedents, and I should like to
i! have been referred to those precedents. I am
!| not certain that I understand this qusetion in
ji all its bearings ; but I had almost said that I
; j am at the present time prejudiced against this
ij case in this, that I doubt the propriety of the
j| Senate ordering the pay of a man unless he
|| has been elected with some prima facie evi-
dences of a right. I do not think payment ought
to be made where a State assumes to elect as
the State of Georgia did, for I think that she pre-
i seated five namesbere at about the same time,
two to be successors of the first two elected, and
one to take hi« seat on some contemplated
contingency. I think the Legislature of that
State came here at one time asking us to so
legislate upon her affairs as to allow them to
perpetuate their legislative power without
going to the people of Georgia for an election,
which would have made it easy for a Legisla
ture to have elected Senators previously, and
during the time of the perpetuation of their
power to have elected one or two sets more.
I think in regard to the election of this can-
didate that the Legislature that elected him
elected him at a time when the laws of the
L'nited States told that Legislature "You can-
not elect a Senator for Georgia, because you
are not the Legislature that will have been
chosen prior to the time when the vacancy
shall occur." After they had made the elec
tion they changed the time of meeting of the
Legislature of the State, in order that when the
constitutionally-elected Legislature should con-
vene, they should not have an opportunity to
fill the vacancy, the time of their meeting hav-
ing been changed, with an intent, until after
the time of the vacancy happening. I under-
stood it was considered military strategy, legis-
lative legerdemain, for the purpose of forcing
upon the Senate of the United States a man
not elected under the law of the United States
by a Legislature competent to elect; and when
a State thus elects and experiments in her
election and runs the chances of getting in her
members, if she fails for her corruption and
her audacity, I will not assist in footing the
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the resolution as modified.
The resolution was adopted.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESSES.
Mr. SCOTT. I now move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the resolution in
the case of Clayton Camp and David Gist,
witnesses subpenaed before the joint Com-
mittee to Investigate Alleged Outrages in tin-
Southern States, in the State of South Carolina.
The motion was agreed to; and the Sena'
resumed the consideration of the following
resolution;
Whereas the two Hou«es of Congress did, by their
concurrent resolutions passed on the 7th day of April,
1871, authorize and direct the appointment of a joint
select committee for the performance of certain
duties in said concurrent resolution specified; the
said joint select committee to be composed of mem-
bers of the said two Houses, that is to say. of seven
members of the Senate and fourteen members of
the House of Representatives, which said joint
select committee was duly appointed, as by said con-
current resolution provided; and whereas, in the
discharge and performance of the dune- so enjoined
upon them, the said joint select committee did ap-
point a sub-committee of their -wn number to take
te=timony in the State of South Caiolina, which sai.J
sub-cotumittee, on the 14th day of July, 1S71. ny sub
penaduly issued aud served, did summon and com-
mand a certain Clayton Camp, of Spartanburg
county, South Carolina, to appear before said sub-
committee; and on the 18th day of July, lsil, by
like subpena duly issued and cerved. did summon
and command a certain David Gis^, of Union ceun!) ,
South Carolina, to appear before «.iid .-ub-e. munt-
tee, each of said witnesses so summoned to ie«tifj
before the said sub-committee touching th" m<i;teis
and thinus which the said joint -elc-t committee
were authorized and required bv the concurrent res-
olution of the two Houses of Con^re^s to examine
and inquire into; and whereas, the said ('l.ivton
Camp aud the said David Gist having been mi sum-
moned and commanded, did fail and rcfii-e to appeal
before the said sub-committee, thereby sbowinf?
themselves in contetnptof the Senate <>t the ("oiled
States, as well as of the House of Representative.-:
therefore,
lltwlvd hy the Senate of the Ctli'rd Sift's*, (the
Fiou^e of Kepresentatives concurring-.) That the
Presidetit of the Senate issue his several warrants
directed to the Serjeant-at-Arms of i he Senaie, com-
manding him to take into hi-. custody the hodscs ot
the said Clayton Camp '"id Da vtd Gi-t, respect ivelv
wherever to be found, and to nave the same forth-
with before the bar of tfie Seriate, to answer a* lor a
contempt of the authority of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. Has the resolution beer,
taken up?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been by a
vote uf the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 should be very glad, it-
it would suit the convenience of the Senator
