2112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
Lewis, McCormick, Read, Ritchie, and R. Milton
Speer—9.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Banks, Barnum,
Bell, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, James G. Blair, Boles,
Bright, V^illiam T. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb,
Coburn, Comingo, Cotton, Crebs, Creely, Darrall,
Be Large, Dickey, Buell, Eldredge, Elliott. Forker,
Henry D. Foster, Goodrich, Hambleton, Hancock,
llarmer, Havens, Hays, Kellogg, Killinger, King,
Kinsella. Lamport, Leach, Lowe. Lynch, McClel-
land, McJunkin, McKee, McKinney, Mitchell,
Morgan, Perce, Peters, Poland, Price, Prindle, Ran-
dall, Roosevelt, Seofield, Seeley, Sheldon, Shella-
barger, Shoemaker, Sloss, Snapp, Snyder, Sprague,
Stevenson, Siowell, Strong, St. John, Sutherland,
Bypher, Thomas, "Washington Townsend, Voorhces,
Waddell, Waldron, Walls, Williams of Indiana.
Williams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
John T. Wilson—78.
So the resolutions were adopted.
During the call of the roil,
Mr. L. MYERS said: I desire to state that
ray colleague, Mr. Harmer, is absent with his
committee, the Committee for the District of
Columbia. He wished me to say that if he
were present he would vote for these resolu-
tions.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolutions were adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. NEGLEY. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. McCRARY. I rise to a question of
privilege, and propose to call up a contested-
election case.
SECURITY OF LIFE ON STEAMBOATS.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Negley] having called for the
* regular order of business, the House will re-
sume the consideration of the unfinished busi-
ness of Thursday last, being House bill No.
2110 to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide for the better security of life on board
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam, and for other purposes," approved
February 28, 1871. By order of the House
this bill is made the special order, to the ex-
clusion of questions of privilege and all other
orders, except reports from the Committee of
Ways and Means and the Committee on Appro-
priations.
The Clerk read the following:
All steamers notcarrying sail, or rigged for carry-
ing sail, when moored, or aground, or at anchor,
shall exhibit, between sunset n.nct sunrise, a bright
white light in a globular lantern, at least eight
inches in diameter, and elevated at least twenty
toot above the surlace of the water, which shall be
so placed as to show a clear, uniform, and unbroken
light, visible all around the horizon, ami at a dis-
tance of at least one miio; and upon all navigable
waters each and every coal-boat, trading-boat,
produce-boat, canal-boat, oyster-boat, fishing-boat,
raft, or other water-craft navigating any bay, har-
bor, or river, by hand-power, horse-power, sail, or
by the current of the river, or which ^hall be an-
chored, or aground, or moored in or near the chan-
nel or fairway of any bay, harbor, or river, or on
any coal or wood-boats moored at any shore or
landing, there shall be carried from sunset to sun-
rise one or more good white lights, which shall be
placed in a conspicuous place on said water-craft,
so that it may be plainly seen by all approaching
vessels.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out the words " hand-
power" in the portion of the paragraph just
read, which now reads, " or other water-craft
navigating any bay, harbor, or river, by hand-
power, horse-power, sail," &c.
Mr. NEGLEY. I have no objection to
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Aiid every sailing vessel that shall be navigated
■Without complying with the provisions of this sec-
tion shall forfeit and pay a sum of not exceeding $500,
one half to go to the informer; and for which sum
the vessel So navigated shall be liable, and may be
seized and proceeded against, by way of libel, many
district court of the United States having jurisdic-
tion of the offense.
Mr. MERCUK, I move to amend the para-
graph just read by striking out the words
il one half to go to the informer,5'
Mr. NEGLEY. I hope that amendment
will not be agreed to;
The amendment was not agreed to ; upon a
division—ayes twenty eight, noes not counted.
The Clerk read the following :
Fog-signals:
The following rules prescribing fog-signals shall
be observed by all steamers, sailing vessels, and
other craft:
Every steamer when under way shall use a steam-
whistle. Sailing vessels, and all other water-eraft
and rafts, shall use a fog-horn.
Mr. STORM. I move to amend the para-
graph just read by inserting after the word
" water-craft" the words " of five tons meas-
urement and over ;'' also to further amend by
inserting, afterthe words "fog-horn," the words
"which shall not be sounded by the aetidn
of the lungs." If so amended the paragraph
will read:
Every steamer,when under way, shall use a steam-
whistle. Sailing vessels, and all other water-craft
of five tons measurement and over, and rafts, shall
use a fog-horn, which shall not be sounded by the
action of the lungs.
Mr. NBGLEY. I hope the House Will not
agree to that amendment, for it is in the inter-
est of a great monopoly that has been lobbying
this House ever since this bill has been under
consideration, endeavoring to have some pro-
vision adopted here that shall protect their
particular method of manufacture. And while
I was quite willing the other day to admit such
an amendment, upon reflection I do not want
it adopted now.
Mr. STORM. An objection was raised the
other day by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] to the provisions of this
bill, which it would be utterly impossible to
meet without'Some amendment. My amend-
ment is not in the interest of any thonopoly ;
I have purposely worded it so that it cannot
be in any such interest—cannot be construed
into any such meaning. My amendment is
proposed in the interest of human life and
property. It is well known that in many cases
of accidents there is more or less fright at the
time they occur.
There is a well-known ease on record, that
of the loss of the Chesapeake in her engage-
ment with the Shannon in 1813. When Captain
Lawrence saw the allies were likely to fall foul
of each other he directed the bugleman to call
the boarders. The bugleman #as a negro, and
was so alarmed at the effects of the conflict
that he was completely paralyzed by fear and
was unable to sound a note. In fifteen mihutes
the men of the Shannon boarded her and took
the crew of the Chesapeake prisoners.
Only a year ago the Cunard steamer Aleppo
ran into the bark Merrimack in Boston harbor.
The Merrimack was sounding a mouth-horn,
but was not heard by those on board the
steamer. The steamer was compelled to pay
$1,340.
In many other cases collisions have occurred
because the persons whose duty it wasto sound
these horns were in a state of excitement,
paralyzed by fear, and utterly unable to give
the required signal. I do not see, therefore,
how the requirements of this act can be car-
ried out unless we allow these parties to em-
ploy something more than a mere mouth-horn
to give this warning. My amendment does
not look to the interests of any set of men
who may manufacture peculiar instruments.
Any horn that is sounded by any mechanical
contrivance may be adopted by parties in pur-
suance of this provision. I hope that the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. NEGLEY. I have no doubt my col-
league [Mr. Storm] is sinbere in his state-
ments ; but he has not all the information I
possess on this subject.
Mr: HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I ask
that the amendment be again read.
The Clerk again read the amendment.
The SPEAKER. This amendment is really
divisible. Does the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Negley] desire a separate vote
upon the two portions of it?
Mr. NEGLEY. No, sir; I object to its
being divided, because it proposes to make a
discrimination as to this exaction between the
different classes of vessels.
Mr. POTTER. I will inquire whether the
House has not already taken some action on
the subject now under consideration ? It was
my impression that it was disposed of the
other day.
Mr. STORM. No, sir.
Mr. POTTER. At any rate, I should be
very glad to hear more fully upon this point
from the gentleman having charge of this bill.
My impression is, however, against the amend-
ment. I am rather inclined to think that peo-
ple who are upon a sailing vessel in a fog, and
are riot able to get out of the way of a steamer,
are always very anxious to make all the noise
they can for their own preservation. I am
sure that whenever I have been upon a vessel
uhder such circumstances I have always been
desirous to assist those having charge of that
department of navigation in creating as much
din as possible, in order to draw attention to
our situation and to avoid being run down.
In this matter I am inclined to rely upon the
natural instinct of self preservation on the
part of those who may be upon a sailing ves-
sel. Hence I am not disposed to support the
amendment; and if the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Negley] will say that he has
carefully examined this subject, and that no
provision on this subject is necessary beyond
what is already contained in the bill, 1 shall
vote against the amendment.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Storm, it was not agreed to* there
being—ayes twenty-three, noes not counted.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 51. That all vessels of the United States, aiid
all vessels while, navigating within the jurisdiction
of the United States, shall be subject to the laws of
the United States in respect to preventing collisions
on the water, and to the rules and regulations made
in pursuance thereof for that purpose. And every
sea-going steam vessel, subject to the navigation
laws of the United States, and to the rules and reg-
ulations aforesaid, shnll.when utider way, except
on tho high seas, be undef the control and direction
of pilots licensed by the inspectors of steamboats.
And no State or municipal government dlall impose
upon pilots of steam tesselsherein provided for any
obligation to procure a State or other licetise in ad-
dition to that if-sued by the United States, nor any-
other regulation or regulations which will impede
such pilots in tho performance of their duties, as
required by this act; nor shall any pilot charges be
levied by any such authority upon any steainer
piloted as herein provided; and ill no ease shall
the fees charged for the pilotage of any steam vessel
exceed the customary or legally established rates in
the State where the same is performed.
Mr. MEIUil AM. I move to amend the sec-
tion just read byadding thereto the following :
Provided, however. That nothing in this act shall
be construed to annul or affect a,ny regulation es-
tablished by the law of any State requiring vessels
entering or leaving a port in any such State, other
thart coastwise steam vessels, to take a pilot duly
licensed or authorized by the laws of such State, or
of a State situate upon the waters of such State.
Mr. POTTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment of my colleague [Mr. Merriam] by add-
ing thereto these words :
But, the master of any such vessel shall not be
required to take any particular pilot, but shall be
at liberty to select as pilot any pilot licensed by the
State. .
Mr. MERRIAM. Mr. Speaker, we are now
considering one of the most important por-
tions of this entire measuie. Without the
incorporation into this bill of the provision
which I have submitted, which is substantially
a reehactment of tho existing law on this sub-
ject, the whole bill will be comparatively
inoperative; and therefore I desire to present
a few self-evident facts bearing upon this
subject.
Pilotage is a necessity of commerce. A
perfect system of pilotage is necessary for the
safety of property and life. The intricacy of
and cohstant changes in coast navigation ren-
der it impossible for one navigator to pilot
his ship safely into all ports. This responsi-
bility must be trahsferted to men educated for
the work, and whb, making it their profession,
