1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1217
Mr. HOLMAN. Will that interfere with
the time set apart for the consideration of the
bill reported by the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Willaed] in regard to the civil service?
The SPEAKER, it will not. The days set
apart for the consideration of the bill of the
gentleman from Vermont are Wednesday and
Thursday.
Mr. POTTER. Will the order asked for
by the gentleman from Nebraska [Mr. Tafpe]
include the business of the Committee for the
District of Columbia?
The SPEAKER. It will not. The Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia have no
hearing in the House except or* the third Fri-
day of each month. Is there objection to
granting the request of the gentleman from
Nebraska, [Mr. Tafpe?]
There was no objection, and it was so
ordered.
WEST POINT ACADEMY.
Mr. MORGAN. I offer a joint resolution
directing the Secretary of War to substitute
the German instead of the Spanish language
in the United States Military Academy at West
Point; and I move that the rules be suspended
and the joint resolution passed.
The joint resolution was read. In its pre-
amble it sets forth that the English and Ger-
man languages are more generally spoken in
the United States than any other tongue, and
that during the late civil war embarrassments
frequently occurred in consequence of com-
panies and regiments of Germans being com-
manded by officers who did not understand
their language. The joint resolution there-
fore directs the Secretary of War to substitute
the German language instead of tko Spanish
in the regular course of studies in the United
States Military Academy, and cause to be
employed one German professor and two Ger-
man assistant professors for that purpose.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman to con-
sent to a modification of the joint resolution,
so that the German will be added to the course
of studies pursued in the Academy, instead
of being substituted for the Spanish.
Mr. MAYNARD. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Morgan] will please to recollect
that on one of our frontiers, extending many
hundreds of miles, the Spanish language is
spoken altogether. While the German lan-
guage is undoubtedly of value as a branch of
study in the Military Academy, the Spanish
language ought not to be neglected.
Mr. MORGAN. I accept the modification
suggested by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Banks.]
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be
modified accordingly.
The question was oil suspending the rules ;
and being put it was agreed to, two thirds
being in favor thereof.
So the rules were suspended ; and the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 104) was received, read
three times, and passed.
SALES OF OKDNANCK STOKES.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask unanimous consent to
offer tlie following resolution :
Resolved, That the Committee on Expenditures in
the War Department bo directed to investigate in
regard to all sales of ordnance stores made by the
Government of the United States during the war
between France and Germany, and ascertain tho
persons to whom such sales were made, the circum-
stances under which they were made, and the real
parties interested, and the sums respectively paid
and received by such; and that the committee have
power to send for persons and papers, and that tho
investigation be conducted in public.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is it proposed that there
shall be a spccial committee to conduct that
investigation?
The SPEAKER. The resolution directs an
investigation by a standing committee of the
House, the Committee on Expenditures in the
War Department.
The resolution was agreed to.
TARIFF ON PIG IROJT.
Mr. COS. I move that tho rules be sus-
42d Cong, 2d Sbss.—No. 77.
pended, and the following preamble and joint
resolution adopted.
The Clerk read a3 follows :
"Whereas it appears by the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, page 4, that during the first six
months of the calendar year 1871 there was an in-
crease of one hundred and twenty per cent, in the
quantity of pig iron, which result, as well as the in-
crease of revenue therefrom, was produced by the
reduction of the tariff on that article under the act
of the 14th July, 1870; and whereas iron is an
article of general use and consumption : Therefore,
Ilesolved, That in the judgment of this House a
bill should be passed reducing the tariff on pig iron
to five dollars per ton or less, and that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means be instructed to bring in a
bill ior that purpose.
Mr. DAWES. I hope the gentleman will
allow that resolution to be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. COX. I want a vote the same as we
have had votes on other matters in reference
to the tariff.
Mr. DAWES. I trust tho gentleman will
let the committee act upon this matter.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I must resume
the floor, and insist on my motion to suspend
the rules and go into Committee of the Whole
on the appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. This is a motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. COX. I insist upon my motion. I
want a clean vote on this motion.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I3 it not in
order to move to refer this resolution to the
Committee of Ways and Means ?
The SPEAKER. It is not The motion is
to suspend the rules.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
say a word only.
Mr. COX. 1 object to that, because I want
a vote upon this proposition such as we have
had upon other measures touching the tariff.
Mr. DAWES. I want to know if it would
not be better to abolish the Committee of
Ways and Means altogether? I suggest that
as an amendment.
Mr. COX. This is no reflection on the
Committee of Ways and Means ; but after the
vote which was takeu the other day upon the
proposition to abolish the duties on tea and
coffee, I want a vote on this proposition. That
was a measure of Pennslyvania protection.
Mr. MERCUR. I ana willing that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts should be heard.
Mr. DAWES. I call the attention of the
gentleman from New York to the fact that my
friend from Pennsylvania is willing that I
should make a statement.
Mr. COX. I insist upon a vote on my
motion.
The question was put on Mr. Cox's motion,
and there were—ayes 35, noes 83.
Mr. COX called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 74, nays 99, not voting 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arthur, Beatt.y,
Beck, Bell, Beveridge, Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair,
Braxton, Bright, Caldwell, Campbell, Comingo,
Conner, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Critoher, Crossland,
Darrall, Du Bose, l>uke, Dunnell, Eldredge, Ely,
Golladay, Hale, Ilambleton, Hancock, llandiey,
George JG. Harris, J ohn T. Harris, Hay, Hays, Here-
ford, Herndon, Hibbard, Hoiman. Houghton, Ken-
dall, Kerr, King, Lamison. Lewis, Manson, Marshall,
MeCormick, McIIenry, Mclntyre, McNeely, Mer-
rick. Morgan, Hosea W. Parker, Potter, Read, Ed-
ward Y. Rice. WilliamR. Roberts. Roosevelt. Slater,
Slocum, Sloss, Stevens Stevenson, Terry. Tuthill,
Van Trump, Vaughan, Walden, Warren, Whit-
thorne. Winchester, Wood, and Young—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ames. Banks, Barber,
Bigby, Bingham, Austm Blair. Boles, George M.
Brooks, Buckley, BuSmton, Burchard, Roderick R.
Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger, Crockcr,
Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, Duell, Eames, Finkeln-
burg, Henry D. Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Garfield,
Garrett, Got'/, Griffith, Haldeman, Halsey, Hawley,
Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar,
Kelley, Ketch am, liillinger, Lamport, Lowe, Lynch,
Maynard, McClelland, McGrew, McJunkin, Mercur,
Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyers, Monroe, Morphia,
Leonard Myers, Negley, Packard, Packer. Isaac C.
Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron I\ Perry,
Piatt, Porter, Prindle, Sargent, Sawyer, Seofield,
Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Shoemaker, II. Boardman Smith, Snapp, Snyder,
R. Milton Speer, Thomas j. Speer, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stoujghton, Sutherland, Taffe, Thomas,
Washington Townsend, Turner. Twichell, Tyner,
Upson, Wakeman, Wnldron, Wallace, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—99.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Barnum,
Barry. James Brooks, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
Carroll. Ereeman Clarke. William T. Clarke, Creely,
Davis, JDe Large, Box, Elliott, ffarnsworth, Harwell,
Forker, Charles Poster, Erye, Goodrich, Hanks,
Harmer, Harper, Havens, Hooper. Kellogg, kia-
sella, Lansing, Leach, McCrary, McKee, McKinney,
Mitchell, Moore, Morcy, Niblack, Orr, Palmer. Eli
Perry, Peters. Poland, Price. Rainey, Randall, John
M. Rice, Ritchie. Ellis H Roberts. Robinson, Rogers,
Rusk, Sheldon, Shober, John A. Smith, Wurthingtoa
0. Smith. Storm, Stowell, Strong,St. John, Swann,
Sypher, Dwight Townsend, Yoorhees, Waddell,
Walls, Wells, and Williams of New York—67.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
During the roll-call,
Mr. SLOSS stated that Mr. Dox was de-
tained from the House on account of indis-
position, and that if present he would have
voted ay.
The result of the vote wf.s announced as
above recorded.
StESSAOE FIIOM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
sox, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, the
bill (H. B. No. 213) to authorize the issuing
of a certificate of registry to the brig Michael
and Anna.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. Nq. 445) to defray
the expenses of district judges from other dis-
tricts while holding district or circuit courts
in the southern district of New York; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
PORTAGE LAKE AND LAKE SUPERIOR CANAL.
Mr. KETCHAM. I move that the rules be
so suspended that I may be enabled to report
j from the Committee on the Public Lands and
have passed at this time a bill to extend the
time for the completion of Portage Lake and
Lake Superior canal. It is a work upon which
already $2,000,000 have been expended, and
the time expires on the 3d of March next.
The bill, which was read, provides that
the time for the completion of. the Portage
Lake and Lake Superior ship-canal shall be
extended to March 3,1873.
Mr. HOLMAN. Has there been an exten-
sion of this grant before, or is this the first
application for extension?
Mr. KETCHAM. The time has not been
extended before.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I can explain this
bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let it pass.
Mr. HOLMAN. There having been no
previous application for an extension of time,
this case certainly stands upon more favorable
ground than other applications of the kind.
If this bill shall pass, I trust it will not be
considered a precedent for all that large class
of bills for which extension has been hereto-
fore asked for the benefit of railroad cor-
porations.
The bill (II. R. No. 1761) was then passed,
the rules having been suspended by a two-
thirds vote.
TAX ON MANUFACTURED TOBACCO.
Mr. LEACII. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the following resolution adopted:
Resolved, That the sense of this House is that a
uniform tax of sixteen cents per pound should be
the tax on all classes of manufactured tobacco en-
tering the market for consumption.
Mr. DAWES. That will take $16,000,000
out of the Treasury.
Mr. LEACH. If I can be allowed the time
I can show that it will not take out $1,000,000.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 91, noes 35.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. FINKELNBURG called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Fihkeln-
btfug and Mr. Leach were appointed.
