1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42r> Cong....2d Sess.
Civil Service—Mr. Butler.
Ho. of Reps.
that the. President shall not, unless he puts
himself under obligation to the men who are
supposed to know best about the politics of
the country—the Representatives of the peo-
ple—that he s-liail not get any advice whatever
as to the qualifications of office-seekers. " Let
us see how the appointing power would be
exercised then The President desires to
know the qualifications and fitness of a man
he is about to appoint. He writes to a mem-
ber of Congress asking his opinion and advice
upon the matter, and the member gives him
his advice, takes pains to learn the facts, and
adds bis recommendation.
Has not the President thereby put himself un-
der an implied and, indeed, a direct obligation
toappointthatman ? He sends to meandasks:
" Can you tell me of a good man in your dis-
trict whom you can recommend for such an
office? Is there a tit man for it within your
knowledge?" WbatshouldX s*y, if upon that
I recommended a man, and the President,
other things being equal, does not appoint
him ? I would bay to him : " Why did you
consult me upon the subject when you would
not appoint the man after I gave my advice?
The next time I hope you will not trouble me."
And by this bill all advice must be given, not
orally, but in writing. Why, if the President
were to meet you in the street and ask your
opinion about'an appointment, and you gave
it, both the President and yourself would have
to go to the house of correction or pay a fine,
under this bill. [Laughter.] Thememberof
Congress certainly would. [Continued laugh-
ter.]
All this must be done in writing. If the
President meets me in social life and says,
" General Butler, have you anybody in your
county fit for postmaster, or do you know any
of your fellow-members of Congress fit for a
judge or a collector?" and I answered," Yes,
I know a man in Congress who would make
an excellent collector, (I mean Mr. VVillard,
of Vermont,) I would under this bill get into
the county house for saying so.
Mr. WiLLARD. And you ought to.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Myfriend
from Vermout says I ought to. I now see the
extent of the gentleman's self-abnegation. He
feels that, being willing to vote for this bill, any
one who would recommend him for any office
ought to go to the county-house. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, there is a fact or two I wish to
call to the attention of the House about this
civil service reform. Without going into an
analysis of the rules, what is their general idea?
Is it not that every man in the civil service
should be a life pensioner of his office, and
that, except in regard to some of the higher
offices, there should be promotion only from
the lower grades, so that vacancies can'only be
filled from those already in office? Let us see
how that would work in practice. Let us go
back to 1861, when the Departments were filled
with men in sympathy with secession. How
would this rule have worked then ? Why, the
President could not appoint anybody in those
Departments except to promote one from the
lower grades to take the place of an officer
that he had just removed for treason. It took
months and months to find out who were dis-
loyal, and he never would have succeeded in
clearing the Departments of those plotting the
destruction of tbe Government. It must be
done by promoting each rebel to the next
higher grade, and then discharging him when
found out. This is the pivotal idea in these
rules.
Again, it is provided that the Secretary of .
the Treasury in cases of the higher officers of
the customs, such as collectors, appraisers,
and surveyors, shall appoint from the subor-
dinates in the several custom-houses. There-
fore, in practice, you will have to take the next
highestfor collectors, &c. Now, you very often
appoint a man as second in command who is
not fit to be first; you appoint the man first
in command because of his executive ability
or high qualities of organization ; you appoint
one second as an aid for his faithful plodding
integrity and carefulness. Why should you be
obliged to put up the second in commaiid to
the place of the first when vacant, when you
know that he is only fit for the subordinate
place?
Mr. WILLARD. Only when he is competent.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then
you must put a stigma upon him if you do
not promote him. Why injure his feelings in
that way? Why take only three from the em-
ployes of the custom-house for the President
to select from ? Why thus hamper the Pres-
ident in this way. by tying his hands in the
house of his friends in the selection of officers
for whose conduct he is responsible? The
answer has been, "Why, he desires them to be
tied." Pardon me; you forced upon him what,
in my judgment, if it had been considered,
would have been a vote of want of confidence
when you passed this civil service provision
in an appropriation bill, and he has only taken
you at your word.
I hope that in answer to the challenge of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Perry] for the
leaders of the party to speak, some men upon
this floor, who claim to be and who are the
leaders of the party—at least they occupy that
position on the principal committees of this
House—will come forward and authoritatively
as the friends of the President defend him, as
I am not allowed to do under the eall of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Perky,] notaspir-
ing to that high place. I want to hear their
eloquent voices; I want to hear their great
learning on that subject.
M'r. GARFIELD, of Ohi6. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me for a question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If not
too long.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to ask
the gentleman if he speaks by the authority
of the President when he tells us that this is
dissatisfactory to the President, when he says
that he does not waut these rules and regula-
tions to prevail?
Mr. HOAR. I call the gentleman to order.
He is not in order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not in order to
ask a question ?
Mr. HOAR. I understand it is not in order
to call upon a member of the House to state
the private opinion of the President of the
United States.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There
is no danger of my doing that.
Mr GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is no point
of order.
Mr. DICKEY. No, only a poiut of pro-
priety.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
answer that question by a simple negative. I
do not speak by the authority of the President
of the United States, or by his procurement
in any form, nor do I claim to do so. I have
not claimed to do so ; but if 1 were appointed
leader of this House, of the Administration's
friends, I should take care to be in his favor.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENSON. Whether he was right
or wrong ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Certainly,
to get him right if he was wrong. [Laughter.]
Has anybody else any question to ask? [Great
laughter.]
Mr. COX. Who is the leader of the House?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There
are several leaders, on both sides, whom the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox,] with
his great parliamentary experience, knows as
well as anybody.
Now, sir, let me call the attention of the
House to another thing. It is said that there
is a want of integrity in our civil service. Sir,
we have now the best civil service in the
world, the best the United States ever had.
Let me give you two or three facts in the few
minutes I have left.
The first is that during the war, with hun-
dreds, almost thousands of paymasters in the
Army disbursing the almost untold sum of
$1,100,000,000, we lost but one twentieth of
one per cent, in all ways by defalcation and
capture in the accounts of those paymasters.
Mr. STEVENSON. How much ought we
to have got that we did not get?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I say that
we lost only one twentieth of one per cent, by
our paymasters.
Mr. STEVENSON. How much did we not
get that we ought to have got ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. From
paymasters ?
Mr. STEVENSON. From everybody.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I really
cannot tell the gentleman.
Again, in all the millions upon millions of
money that has passed through the Treasury
of the United States for the past ten years,
under the present Treasurer of the United
States, there has been a loss of only one cent
in $778,000. Napoleon, with his paymasters,
lost twenty-seven per cent. In the Crimean
war, Great Britain, with a civil service ex-
amination, and with her army tenure for life,
lost more than twenty-three per cent.
For five hundred years civil service competi-
tive examination has been the rule among
the semi-barbarians of China, and they have
taken great pains to execute it; yet their offi-
cials are so corrupt that their tariff laws
require that everything must be weighed by
the steel-yard, by the avoirdupois, because
they cannot trust the judgment of any of their
officers. All their tariff duties are collected
by the pound weight.
Let me state auotber fact. Wehave been told
that there are defalcations from the national
Treasury by the officers, and that is to be
remedied by a life tenure of office. Why, sir,
under the civil service reform there never has
been a defalcation during this Administration
by a clerk in the Treasury, who, as an official,
was not more than four years old. What
would have happened if you had put them in
for life, God only knows. [Laughter.]
One word further. We have had an exam-
ination in the affairs of the custom- house in New
York city. Who are alleged to have committed
wronginthatcustom-house, if any wrong is to be
found? The collector has been accused of not
conducting the affairs of his office properly, and
of farming out the spoils of office; the inspect-
ors were accused of taking bribes, and of pass-
ing goods improperly. But 1 call attention to
the fact that the inspectors and the collector
in classes are left out ot the examination pre-
scribed in these civil service rules. The inter-
mediate officers, against whom I have heard
no particular complaint, and who generally
are continued in office from Administration to
Administration, on account of faithful services,
are to be examined hereafter, the others
are not to come under the civil S&ryice reform—
that still-born babe of CiociwWti' [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. Speaker, if the committee can report
no better bill than this the first time trying,
I move that we give them an opportunity to
try once more—tfiat we allow them a '' place
for repentance." I therefore move that the
bill be recommitted.
[At the close of these remarks, Mr. Bbtlbr
was informed that the bill as reported did not
meet the approbation of the majority of the
committee, but was allowed to be reported ra
order to try the sense of the House.]
