1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
321
from Pennsylvania, if ho would consent to
postpone the consideration of the resolution
until the other members of the committee, the
Senator from Missouri [.Mr. Blair] and the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr Bayard,] return
to their seats, which will be in a very few days.
1 know they want to be here, and want to hear
the argument of my friend upon this question.
I understand that the Senator from Delaware
will probably .be here on Thursday or Friday,
and the Senator from Missouri before that. I
hope that will suit the convenience of the
Senator from Pennsylvania. I do not object,
of course, if it does not suit his convenience ;
but I know they want to be here, and I should
like to see them here.
Mr. SCOTT. I have no personal desire
whatever about this matter. I am simply act-
ing as the organ of the committee in endeav-
oring to have these questions disposed of, and
get out of the way of perhaps more important
business these two resolutions, which have
already occupied some time. If my colleagues
upon the committee have expressed a desire
to the Senator from Ohio to be here when this
question is considered, I certainly shall be
inclined to accede to their wishes.
Mr. THURMAN. They made no express
personal desire of that kind, but I understood
them in conversation, especially the Senator
from Delaware, to wish to be here when it was
taken up.
Mr. SCOTT. If that is the desire of.mem-
bers of the committee associated with me in
this investigation, aud who are more familiar
with the case than other members of the Sen-
ate, certainly I have no desire to press it in
their absence ; but I do desire to give notice
that whenever they do appear I shall ask the
Senate to dispose of these resolutions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This resolution
will be returned to the Calendar, and the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania gives notice of his
intention to call it up when his colleagues on
the committee shall be here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is no particu-
lar business before the Senate, and there does
not seem to be any, I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at two
o'clock and forty eight minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 9, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m.
Rev. Dr. De Sola, minister of the Portu-
guese Synagogue, and Professor of Oriental
Literature in McGiil University, Montreal,
opened the proceedings with the following
prayer:
Almighty and Everlasting God! these, Thy
servants, the representatives of the people of
the United States in Congress assembled, ha,ve
come to legislate in accordance with the prin-
ciples of civil and religious liberty enunciated
by their sires, the founders of this Republic,
and by perpetuating the same, to prove them-
selves worthy the glorious heritage they have
received. Then look down from Thy holy
habitation, from heaven, and assist and bless
them at this time. Pour out Thy spirit most
p'enteously upon them ; yea, let rest upon them
the spn it ot wisdom and understanding, the
spirit of counsel aud of ability, the spirit of the
knowledge ot Thee, O Lord._ Let righteous-
ness be the gitdle of their loins, and faithful-
ness the cincture of their reins. And in all
their deliberations for the public weal, let not
personal or partisan hostility find place ; but
suffer harmony, patriotism, truth, and justice
to pervade them, so that to bigotry there may
be given no sanction, and to persecution no
assistance. Let such a spirit prevail m all they
do and say for this, their country, and inspire
thom with an enlaiged sentiment of psace and
good-will toward all other peoples.
We gratefully acknowledge, 0 Lord, that
42p Com 2d Sess.—No. 21.
such a sentiment is signally manifesting itself
in our day, and we render unto Thee our most
hearty thanks that Thou permittest us, even
now, to witness a victory of peace infinitely
greater than any victory achieved in war, at
anytime, and by any people, in that this nation
and its parent nation are settling their differ-
ences, not by might, not by power, but by Thy
spirit, in a manner best becoming those of one
origin, language, and blood, by an appeal to
the arbitrament of nations impartial and disin-
terested. And as aforetime and among other
peoples many a vindictive and bloody struggle,
destroying both the material resources and
moral sense of those engaged, has originated
in much less important considerations, we have
special cause to thank Thee that this evil was
averted, and to ask that the words of the Chief
Magistrate of this Republic may indeed be
realized ; that this example may be everywhere
followed, so as to restore to the productive
industry of the world millions of men engaged
in training and preparations for war. Bless,
then, both these nations who proclaim the glad
tidings of peace to the world ; draw them yet
neater and nearer to each other in mutual
esteem and mutual confidence, and this not
merely for their own welfare, but for the bless-
ing of all the families of the earth, to whom
they are the hope, the teachers of liberty, and
enlightenment.
Supreme Ruler of the Universe! may it
please Thee to let, the light of Thy countenance
shine continuously upon this land Thou hast
hitherto so greatly favored. Open unto it Thy
goodly treasure, and bless it with prosperity
within and tranquillity without. Preserve it
from bloodshed and from the pestilence that
stalketh in darkness. Maintain within it the
grand charter of liberty Thou hast inspired,
and as he who sacrilegiously touched Thine
altar of old was accounted worthy of death, so
perish the unhallowed hand that would pervert
or destroy this Constitution of wisdom, justice,
and liberty, for the narrow purposes of secta-
rianism. And lastly, and above all, may its
people advance most in the fear of Thee, and
love of Thee, so that they may be for a name
and praise among all the nations of the earth.
Amen.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
impeachment of congressmen.
Mr. POLAND, from the joint select Com-
mittee to Inquire into the Condition of the late
Insurrectionary States, submitted a special
report; which was read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows :
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
At a meeting of the joint select Committee to
Inquire into the Condition of tho late Insurrection-
ary States, so far as regards the execution of the laws
and the safety of tho lives and property ot tho citi-
zens of the United States, convened at their room in
tho Capitol, on the 22d of September. 1871, Messrs.
Scott,Pool, and Blair were appointed a sub-com-
mittee to examine the witnesses then in attendance,
which sub-committee organized on the 23d of Sep-
tember. 1871, and examined Edward Wheeler, of
Arkansas. On the 25th of September, 1871, saidsub-
comtnittee examined William G. Wmpple, of Ark-
ansas. . , , . ,
The testimony of these witnesses tends to impeach
the official character and conduct of a member of
the United StatesSenatefroin theState of Arkansas,
and also to affect the right of a member of the House
of Representatives from that State to retain his seat
in the House. Other evidence of the same character
was ottered, and one of the gentlemen affected by
this testimony claimed the right to bring witnesses
before the committee to contradictor explain the
same. The committee, however, upon considera-
tion, decided that the subject-matter to wnieh said
testimony related did not come withm the limits ot
the investigation they were directed to make, and
therefore declined to prosecute the inquiry any
further, discharging a witness who had been suD-
penaed and was then awaiting an examination.
The joint select committee, pursuing what tney
deemed to be the proper parliamentary course, at a
meeting on December 21,1871, adopted the following
re?'°i"S«Z. That the committee report the testi-
mony taken before the committee, affecting Senator
Clayton', and Mr. Edwaeds, a Representative Irorn
Arkansas, to tho Senate aud Ho"®0 0*,-
tives, witli a recommendation that each House tako
such action as it may deem proper.
Agreeably to this resolution of said joint select
committee, the undersigned, ttie chairman on the
part of tho Senate, and the chniiman on the part of
tho House ot Representatives, beg leave to submit
the testimony hereto annexed ot' Edward Wheeler
and William 6. Whipple, both of the State of Ark-
ansas, said Wheeler and Wmpple haviug been the
only witnesses fiom that State who were examined
by the committee, to tho Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, respectively. for such action as each
House may deem advisable.
john scott,
Chairman on the Dart of the Senate.
luke p. poland,
Chairman on thepurt of the Ilouse.
Mr. POLAND. If no other course be sug-
gested, I move that this report be printed, and
that the report and evidence accompanying it
be referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire of
the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] if
the testimony is lengthy? If it is not, I should
like to hear it read.
Mr. POLAND. It is quite lengthy. It
would take two hours to read it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Then I do not wish to
delay the House with the reading of it.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the report and evidence will be printed and
referred to the Committee of Eleciions.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to make another
inquiry with regard to tho testimony. I desire
to know whether it will be printed in the
Globe?
The SPEAKER. It will not, under this
order,
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I would suggest, then,
to the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland]
that the testimony be published in the Globe,
that we may all have an opportunity to read it.
Mr. DAWES. I call the attention of the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldiudge] to
the fact that the frequent publication of docu-
ments in the Globe fills it up at a very great
expense. I do not make this remark with ref-
erence to this particular matter, but I would
direct his attention to the fact that to-day docu-
ments which properly should go upon the files
as documents are printed in the Globe instead,
at great expense.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It suggests itself to my
mind, that this is a matter of such great import-
ance, affecting a member of this House, that
the evidence should, without delay, be placed
in a printed form before the members.
Mr. BANKS. It will be quite competent for
the House to order the Public Printer to print
this report and evidence in the usual form, tiud
have it presented on the tables of members to-
morrow. I think this ought to bo done instead
of having it printed in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remind
gentlemen that to print anything but the ordin-
ary proceedings of the House in the Globe
requires unanimous consent.
Mr. POLAND. I may state that this testi-
mony has already been printed, with the gen-
eral testimony taken before the committee.
It will be furnished to members in that way,
and I also ask the House to order it to be
printed with this report.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I would remind the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] that
it will be sometime before it will be ready for
delivery in the form he mentions.
Mr. ELD1UDGK. If the course suggested
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Baxks] should be adopted, it appears to me
that that would be satisfactory.
The motion that the report and accompany-
ing papers be printed and referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND moved to reconsider the
motion just agreed to : and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The Litter motion was agreed to.
contested election.
Mr. McCRARY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to present their report in
the contested-election case of McKenzie vs.
Braxton, seventh distiict of Virginia, and I
