2114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
Mr. POTTER. True, and right here let
me say to the gentleman from Massachusetts
in reference to that point that I understand
ships have been boarded five hundred miles
off the harbor of Now York by pilots, who
insisted upon being then taken, and that it
seems an abase to board a vessel so far out at
sea, whether the master will or not, in order
to carry her into New York.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman will admit
that that is an extreme case.
Mr. POTTEli. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Are not
the fees of pilots regulated by the tonnage ?
And if that be so, it costs no more to take a
pilot eight hundred miles oif than to take a
pilot eight miles off.
Mr. POTTER. But the pilot has to be
boarded the entire distance. He will have to
be kept on board ship for days.
Mr. NEGLEY. The fees are regulated by
the number of fret.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. He boards the
vessel and the ves.selboavds him. [Laughter.]
Mr. POTTER. Besides, when it comes to
large steamships, here is another practical
difficulty as I am told; and that is, that while
the pilots may all be in possession of perfect
knowledge of the depth of water, and precisely
where the ship should be taken, yet it is not
every man who can properly handle one of
these large steamships in the harbor. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania showed me a
letter this morning from' the manager of the
National Steamship Company where it is stated
that the steamer Spain, I think the name was,
one of the largest of the ocean steamers coming
into New York, struck the bottom twice lately in
being taktn to sea by one of the licensed Slate
pilots, an injury which the owners think would
not have occurred had they been left at liberty
to choose their pilot. I do not object to the
amendment of my colleague, that a pilot
licensed by the State authorities must be taken;
hut I insist that the owners of ocean-going
steamers should be allowed to select from
amongthose licensed by the State the particular
pilot for their ship, because a man may thor-
oughly understand the navigation and depths
of the" water who may not be able to handle
such a shij> to the satisfaction of the owners;
and of that they are the best judges, and
parties nio^t interested to judge correctly;
and it seems to me in the interest of com-
merce and ofgood navigation thisoption should
be preseived to them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to move, when the proper time comes, to strike
out the portion of this section extending from
-the sixth line to the tenth, as follows :
And every sea-^oiiig steam vessel, subject to the
navigation laws ot the United States and to the rules
and regulations atore.sa.id, .-diall, whoa under way.
except on the high sons, bo under the emit rol ;ind
direction of pilots licensed by the injector of
steamboats.
What an inspector of steamboats who is
appointed to inspect boilers and engines and
gauges knows about pilotage is more than I
can see. I agree that that provision makes
this bill very incongruous. But I desire more
especially to speak to the amendment of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Potter] who
has last spoken.
Mr. NEGLEY. Will not inspectors of
steamboats adopt the same plan as examining
boards, and invite licensed pilots to assist in
the examination ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Precisely
so. That, is what they may do ; but what I
say is that if they do not know anything about
it, the duty should be in the hands of those
who do know.
I desire now to speak to the amendment
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Pot-
ter.] it is of the utmost importance that
there should be a compulsory taking of pilots.
I know of my own personal knowledge that
these pilo's lie off the coast at a distance of
many miles in stormy weather. They have to
board vessels frequently when it is so stormy
that a rope has to be thrown to the pilot, which
is fastened around him, in order that he may
be hauled on board the vessel. But it is pro-
posed by this amendment to put it in the power
of a captain to say to the man who has come
on board his vessel under such circumstances
of peril, " I guess I won't take you; I will
take the next man, who is a friend of mine
and the pilot, after periling his life to get on
board, is not taken. All maritime States have
found it necessary, through the whole history
of the world, to have compulsory pilotage.
You compel a pilot to lay otf and 011 a great
distance out at sea, because no body can tell
how soon a hurricane may blow a vessel
ashore; you compel him to lie off and on in
that way, and then when he has periled his
life to get there, you allow the master to say,
" I won't take you."
The difficulty with the bill all through is,
that it is in the interest of steamboat owners ;
and I know that steamboat owners do not
want to be compelled to take pilots to run
their vessels in and out. Sometimes they
think their captains are sufficiently prudent,
and when they speak of selecting a pilot, they
mean that they will get one of their own crew
licensed. That is precisely what this means.
It is against the interests of commerce that a
vessel should not be compelled to take a pilot
which boards her. If this is not done you
let the great steamboat interest, the foreign
steamboat interest, escape the tax which they
ought to pay for maintaining the pilot service.
Mr. NEGLEY. Can the gentleman tell me
how much is paid the pilots on the western
rivers?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am not
talking of river vessels. I am talking of sea-
going steam vessels. That is the point we are
now dealing with. I really do. not know how
it is on the western rivers ; I never had any
expei ience with steamboat pilots there, except
when 1 put the irons on four of them for re-
fusing to pilot Farragut up the Mississippi river
when he went to Vicksburg.
Mr. POTTER. You were in favor of com-
pulsory pilotage. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, that
was compulsory pilotage. I have always been
consistent on that. [Laughter.) I am now
dealing with the question whether these for-
eign steamboat interests shall escape their
share of taxation for the support of the pilot
system, which is vital to the commerce of
Boston and New York.
Mr. NEGLEY. How can they escape it?
Mr. BU I'LER, of Massachusetts. I will
state how they will escape it. Under this bill
and the amendment they are to be under the
direction of a pilot selected by the master.
Mr. NEGLEY. But he must be one who
has been inspected under this act.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. You
have pilots inspected under this act by the in-
spectors. I suppose under this system the in-
spectors have to call in some one to inspect
the pilots.
Mr. NEGLEY. That is now in the law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. When the
steamboat owners have got a mail inspected in
this way, they take him simply as a deck-hand
and carry him backward and forward, and say
they have a licensed pilot all the time. Tha't
is the way it is done, instead of paying so
many dollars a ton for pilotage.
Mr. NEGLEY. They do not pay so many
dollars a ton.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand they do.
Mr. NEGLEY. No, sir, not at all; they
pay so much per foot.
Mr. BUI LER, of Massachusetts. Yes, and
tonnage is measured by the foot. The difficulty
about all this matter is, that this is an attempt
on the part of the foreign steamboat owners to
get out from under our system of pilotage.
That is the whole of it. I want the State
system preserved.
Mr. NEGLEY. Then you are in favor of
State rights ?
Mr. BUTLEE; of Massachusetts. I am in
favor of State rights; nobody doubts about
that. I am in favor of State rights where
States have rights.
Mr. NEGLEY. That is good old Demo-
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes, it
is good old Democratic doctrine. I do not
want ignorant steamboat inspectors to license
pilots.
Mr. NEGLEY. The gentleman will find
here in the law that the board of commission-
ers may invite some person to examine and
license pilots.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If the
inspector is not competent he will call some
one else in.
Mr. NEGLEY. That is the fault of the
law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. But. you
are fixing a law now that these pilots shall be
licensed by inspectors. Let a hoard of pilots
be organized.
Mr. NEGLEY. There have been no pilots
objecting to this provision.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. They are
not, perhaps, so numerous as steamboat attor-
neys, but a dozen men who are pilots have
come to me and told me, and told the House
through me, that this bill is against their
interests.
Mr. N EGLEY. The only persons here ad-
vocating the passage of this measure are the
men who hold office under it.
Mr. COX. The pilot commissioners of New
York represent one hundred and seventj'-five
pilots, and they have presented to this body
a petition which has been referred to by my
friend from Nesv York [Mr. Potter] on be-
half of this hardy class of men. Allthemein-
bers from the State of New Yoik, with the
exception of my distinguished colleague, [Mr.
Potter,] favor the amendment offered bv my
colleague from the Herkimer district, [Mr.
Merkiam.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I only
wish to say that I have spoken under my
responsibility to the pilots of my district and
of the State of Massachusetts, and I would
rather have almost any other class of men in
the world that I know of after me, if I do
them any wrong. And I am speaking with a
full knowledge—a fuller knowledge, my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Negley] will pardon
me for saying, of steam going vessels than l.e
can have acquired in the mountains around
Pittsburg. [Laughter.]
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. NEGLEY. 1 have no tenacity of
opi-iion in regard to this question. And at
an early day I propose to introduce a bi-1
providing for a uniform system of pilotage for
all sections of the country. I hope there will
now bo a vote on the pending amendments.
The SPEAKER, llie first question will bo
upon the amendment of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Potter] to the amendment
of his colleague, [Mr. Merriam.]
Mr. POlTEii I will withdraw my amend-
ment so that it may be renewed by some other
gentleman, and thus give some members who
desire to speak upon it an opportunity to do so.
Mr. HALE. I renew the amendment to
the amendment for the purpose of saying that
in the Slates lying upon the sea-board, inter-
ested in navigation, and having ports into
which vessels come and from which vessels go,
so far as my knowledge extends, regulations
have been established affecting pilots, for the
purpose of protecting this hardy class of men,
and for the purpose of stimulating them to
that enterprise and daring which will result at
all times in the protection of vessels coming
into their ports.
f cannot state the matter better than it Laa
