322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
request the Clerk to read the resolution at the
conclusion of the report.
The Clerk read as follows:
Revolved, TliatElUottM. Braxton was duly elected
as Representative in Congress from the seventh
district of Virginia, and is entitled to retain hisseat
as such.
Mr. McCRARY. I move that the reportbe
laid on the table and printed, and give notice
that I will call it up for the action of the House
at an early day.
The motion that the report be laid on the
table and printed was agreed to.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order ofbusi-
ness is the calling of committees for reports,
and the morning hour now begins at fifteen
minute* to one o'clock.
mists, assay offices, etc.
Mr. KELLEY, from the Committee on Coin-
age, Weights, and Measures, reported back,
■sith the recommendation that it do pass, the
bill (H. R. No. 5) revising the laws relative to
the mints, assay offices, and coinage of the
United States.
The bill was read.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, it may not
be inappropriate for me tj make a brief state-
ment in connection with this bill.
Mr. WOOD. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds I would like to ask him whether he
intends to ask for the question upon this bill
to-day?
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir; I desire that the
bill shall be fairly considered. It is not, a pet
measure of my own. It is a measure origin-
ated by the Treasury Department, and growing
out of the necessities of' the case. The mint
law of this country has never been revised. It
was originally framed for a single institution
at Philadelphia, and it involves many crudities
necessarily arising from the fact that we have
established several mints and quite a number
of assay offices in different parts of our very
much more widely extended country than the
law was originally intended to cover. We
were not then a bullion-producing people,
while we are to-day the greatest producers of
gold and silver in the world. Our mints are
situated upon the Atlantic and Pacific coasts,
and in the heart of what was but a few years
ago regarded as the inaccessible desert of
America.
Time, as well as circumstances, has tended
to make the law somewhat, 1 may say with pro-
priety, incoherent, or crude. The Secretary
of the Treasury, discovering the difficulty of
administering the affairs of so many mints and
assay offices, gave the subject bis personal con-
sideration, and then invited to his aid some of
the most experienced gentlemen in the coun-
try in the matters of coinage and the manage-
ment of mints, and directed one of the officers
of the Treasury, in connection with those gen-
tlemen, to codify the mint laws. That was done,
and the codification, with such suggestions as
those commissioners, as I may call them, make,
were submitted tothetwo Houses of Congress.
The Senate took up the bill and acted upon it
during the last Congress, and sent it to this
House. It was referred to the Committee on
Coinage, Weights, and Measures, and received
as careful attention as I have ever known a
committee to bestow upon any measure. The
committee before proceeding to consider it sent
copies of it, not to the Dii ector of the Mint alone,
but to the offices of all the minis and to those
gentlemen who within the last fifteen or twenty
years have been connected with the mints and
made reputations which justified the committee
in attaching importance t'.i their opinions and
the results of their experience; and thus en-
lightened from sources to which the Secretary
had not applied, the committee proceeded with
great deliberation to go over the bill, not on'iv
section by section, but Ine by line, and word
by word.
The bill ha* not received the same elaborate
consideration from the Committee on Coinage, I
Weights, and Measures of this House, but the '
attention of each member was brought to it at j
the earliest day of this session ; each member j
procured a copy of the bill, and there has been !
a thorough examination of the bill again. I
think that when the House conies to consider j
the bill,while they may find some amendments !
to make that would be judicious, they will find !
the body of the bill to'bo a well-devised and J
careful codification of the Mint laws, making I
a very few, if any, essential changes except in I
this: there is now a director of the Mint; his ,
office is attached to the Mint at Philadelphia, j
and tbet-9 is no more reason why he should j
supervise the other mints than there is that the j
chief officers of the other mints should super- i
vise him. There is really no subordination, j
there is no responsible head to our mints, or
our system of co nage, and if the law be not
brought into better shape than it is, we shall
perhaps, without willful fault on the part of
anybody, find our coinage one that other na-
tions may not recognize, or that we ourselves
must doubt. It is of the highest importance,
therefore, that the one single cardinal change
that the bill proposes should be made.
Until I hear some objections to the bill, I
believe that I have nothing further to say, while
I will take pleasure in responding to the inqui-
ries of any gentleman who may have questions
to put upon the subject.
Mr. STORM. I will ask my colleague
whether the present inspector of the Mint at
Philadelphia has had anything to do with the
suggestions made in regard to this bill?
Mr. KELLEY. I will say to mv colleague
that as one of the officers of the Mint he cer-
tainly was consulted, both by the gentlemen
who were summoned to the aid of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and by the Committee on
Coinage, Weights, and Measures. I will say
further, that we not only addressed letters to
the Director of the Mint but to the other offi-
cers, and those who have been officers, to Mr.
Robert Patterson, who is now the cashier of
the Safe Deposit Company, whose fit.her, the
late Professor Patterson, formerly of the Uni-
versit)'of Virginia, was formally years Director
of the Mint, and with whom coinage has been
a life long study. We received a number of
communications from him, as well as one bill,
every section and line of which to which he
would submit an amendment was marked. We
omitted, so far as I know, no gent'eman in the
country who has bad protracted official con-
nection with the mints or assay offices, or any
gentleman whose scientific attainments in con-
nection with the system of coinage or miut
usages was sufficient to bring him to our notice.
The committee having no special views, regard-
ing themselves as charged with a very import-
ant function, that of providing for the integrity
of the coinage and an econoraicadmiriistration
of the mints of the country, sought information
from all recognized authorities, whether official
or unofficial. American or foreign.
Mr. STORM. I will ask my colleague [Mr.
Kelley] one further question. I have not
been able to give much attention to this bill,
except while it was being read. I will ask my
colleague whether this bill in any way pro-
poses to void the charges now pending against
the Director of the Mint of Philadelphia?
Mr, KELLEY. This nil! was prepared soon
after the present Director of the Mint came in,
and before any charges could have been made
against him, if there be any now pending. This
bill does not now touch any personal question ;
it re'ates aione to the laws of coinage and the
government of tiie mints and assay offices of
the country.
An amendment has been suggested to me,
which I will now move. This bill was proposed
in the year LS71 ; therefore, an amendment is
necessavv to section seventy-two. That sec-
tion now reads, "this act shall be known as
the coinage act, 1871."' I move to amend by
striking out '• IbTl'' and inserting '' 187i!.':
The SPEAKER. That being a verbal amend-
ment, it will be made if not objected to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is another point
that suggested itself to me as the bill was
being read, and to which 1 would like to cail
the attention of the gentleman who has re-
ported it. It contemplates that the Mint shall
be a bureau in the Treasury Department, and
that the head of that bureau shall be appointed
by the President, by andwith the advice and
consent of the Senate, for a period of five
years, unless sooner removed for reasons given
to the Senate. Now, I would ask the gentle-
man, why limit the official term? Wliv not
allow the appointment to be general, like that
of most other heads of bureaus, to continue
nominally and, so faras the law speaks, during
good behavior? And, then, why require, if
the Executive should deem it necessary to
remove the incumbent before the expiration of
five years, that he shall give his reasons there-
for to the Senate ?
Mr. KELLEY. I will say to the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Mayxard] that, as he
has learned from what 1 have already stated,
neither I nor the committee originated the
draft of this bill. I can only give him what I
believe to have been the reasons of the gen-
tleman who did originate it; that is,that the
Mint being, in one. aspect of the case, a manu-
facturing establishment, an establishment for
the conversion of crude material into the coin
of the country, it would be well to give as
much permanence as possible t~> its manage-
ment. Inasmuch as its administration may
affect our commercial relations, inderd our
confidence in our own currency and coinage, it
was f-1' that it would be well that the chiei of
the establishment should be appointed by and
wi.h ti e consent of the Senate, and that wh-u
appointed lie should for even more than the
presidential term not be removable without
cause shown. I know no other reason than
that, and I personally have no wishes on ihe
subject as to whether the term of the office
shall be the one or the other. My own judg-
ment is, that the proposition aims at a very
wise conclusion, that of lifting the Mint of
the United States and removing the officer who
is to be charged with the weight, fineness, and
regularity of our coinage, and of the pecuniary
responsibility of this establishment, in so far
as may be, having in view a due responsibility
to the Government, from all other influences.
Mr. MAYNARD. Undoubtedly those are
reasons that should govern us in framing this
bill. Ihe officer who will be appointed in
charge of this bureau, should it be established,
must, necessarily have the subject of coinage
as a specialty; there will necessarily be few
persons in the country that will be qualified to
fill the place. That it is of sufficient import-
ance to be dignified by a senatorial confirma-
tion as well as executive appointment, I think is
true. But I submit to the gentleman whether
this very element of permanency would not be
better secured by placing the incumbent in the
office, requiring these peculiar qualifications,
which will of course continue to increase as
long as the office shall be adequately filled,
than at the end of live years have him go out
of office by operation of law, at which time
there would be a scramble of applicants seek-
ing to get the place, and he would only come
in as one of pet haps a half dozen or a dozen
of others who would bring a great many in-
fluences to bear, a great many recommenda-
tions, and a great many alleged qualifications.
Especially if he is to be examined under the
civil service policy, about which my friend cer-
tainly must know more than Ido, being chair-
man of that committee, the very fact that he
had been engaged in coinage for five years
might, make him very rusty in subjects of
| astronomy and engineering and the higher
| mathematics and the classical attainments,
jj in which his competitors miglit, bo more fresh
'! and appear before the examining board with
