1270
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 23,
Senate.
Deficiency Appropriations—Mr. Morton.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Deficiency Appropriations.
SPEECH OF HON. 0. P. MORTON,
op indiana,
In the Senate of the United States,
April 23, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(H. R. No. 1654) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the Government for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1872, and for former years, and for other purposes—
Mr. MORTON said:
Mr. President: I will not set up my opinion
against that of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, but I must veuture to express my
surprise at the terms of the decision which
was made last December in the case of Hiber-
nia Armstrong vs. The United States. In
that case the petitioner in the Court of Claims
demanded the value of cotton, alleging that
she was a loyal citizen during the war and that
her cotton was not liable to capture and sale
under the act of 1863. The question of loyalty
was disputed. It was affirmed on the part of
the United States that certain facts went to show
that she was not loyal. It was asserted on the
other side that those facts did not establish
disloyalty. But the Supreme Court say that
that becomes an unimportant question, because
the pardon granted in 1868 related back, and
in fact invalidated that provision of the act of
1863 which required the applicant to be loyal.
That, is the effect of the decision, as I under-
stand it.
Now, I have understood the doctrine of
pardon to be this: that it took away, in con-
templation of law, the guilt of the pardoned
per&on fiorn the time it was granted, took
away all legal consequences from that time;
but I never understood that it had a retroact-
ive effect to make that illegal which had before
been legal in the dealing of the Government
with the criminal.
Mr. THURMAN. Why, Mr. President,
will my friend allow me to correct him on
that? I can show hint a case in which an
action ot' slander was maintained in the Eng-
lish courts for calling a man a traitor who was
convicted a traitor, but, having been pardoned,
it was held by the court to be defamation.
That was where he had been convicted a
traitor.
Mr. MORTON. Then, if after the pardon
was granted he called him a traitor, it is pos-
sible that the pardon would so take away his
character as a traitor as to make it slander after
that time. But, suppose before the pardon
was granted he had been called a traitor and
had afterward been pardoned, I ask if the
subsequent pardon could have been pleaded in
support of the action ? I insist not.
The construction given to this decision is
that the pardon is retroactive. It was lawful
for the Government under the act of 1863 to
seize the cotton of any one in the rebellion,
sell it, and put the money into the Treasury ;
but in 1868 a pardon having been granted, that
relates back, makes the original seizure illegal,
and gives to that person engaged in the rebel-
lion a cause of action against the Government.
Now, according to my legal education, this is
in violation of all fundamental principles. If
the Supreme Court of the United States says
it is right I must submit, but I must express
my surprise.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not want to interrupt
the Senator's argument if it is disagreeable to
him, but I pray him to understand that that
is not the decision of the Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court has not gone at all on the
ground that these seizures are illegal, or that
4he right to recover in the Court of Claims
depended upon any question of legality or
illegality of seizure. On the contrary, they
considered all the seizures as legal. They put
the case on the ground that the property by
the act of Congress was never meant to be
divested out of the owner, and that the Govern-
ment holds that property as trustee for the
owner—not at all upon the ground that the
seizure was illegal; on the contrary, they
assume that the seizures were all legal.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to ask the Senator
from Ohio this question: if the court meant
to affirm the doctrine that the property never
was changed by the seizure and the sale, ho-w
is it that they should hold that in any case the
right of recovery was not to the property itself
but to the proceeds of the property?
Mr. THURMAN. Because Congress had
provided that the property should be sold and
the proceeds paid into the Treasury. Then it
further provided that the claimant might make
claim to these proceeds, and it was perfectly
at the option of the claimant to make the
claim if he had a legal right to the property
in whosoever's hands it might be found, or to
make claim for the proceeds, and he saw fit to
make claim for the proceeds. But I do not
think the court intend to intimate that, under
the circumstances of the case, there would
have been a right to follow the property spe-
cifically ; but it is immaterial whether the
owner had a right to follow the specific prop-
erty and specifically recover it by replevin, or
recover damages against the person in whose
hands it might be found in an action of trover;
that is another question. I suppose he had a
right to do that; he had a right to take the
other option that was offered to him and go
for the proceeds in the Treasury; and the
court say when he did that the question arose
which was presented in this case.
I am very sorry to hear these assaults on
the court, because there is no necessity for
them. All the court have decided is simply
that Congress cannot prescribe a rule of de-
cision for the courts of the United States.
Mr. HOWE. But the simple question to
which I wish the Senator from Ohio to reply is
this: did the court affirm that if the claimant
saw fit to waive his right to the proceeds, he
might pursue the property because it had not
changed hands? *
Mr. THURMAN. The court said nothing
of that kind.
Mr. HOWE. So I understood.
Mr. MORTON. The effect of this pardon
is to give the pardoned rebel a cause of action
against the Government of the United States
for taking property which at the time was
legally taken in accordance with the law.
What I mean to say is that I do not under-
stand the effect of pardon to be retroactive in
that way, and to relate back and give a cause
of action as if the party had always been loyal.
It makes him an innocent man from that time
forward ; all legal consequences of his crime
from that time forward are blotted out; and
from that time forward he is to be considered
as if he had never committed the crime; but
any punishment that he may have received
before that time, any forfeiture that he may
have suffered before that time, any step that
may have been taken against him or his prop-
erty on account of his crime before that time,
cannot be affected in contemplation of law, as
I have always understood it heretofore. If a
man was a rebel at the time his property was
seized and sold, the proceeds of the sale be-
came and was the absolute property of the
United States ; but according to this decision
the title was destroyed and the Government
became liable for the amount by the subse-
quent pardon of the rebel. But, sir, enough
on that point.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senator
leaves that point entirely, will he let me call
his attention to one fact ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. The surprise which the
honorable Senator expresses at the opinion of
the court is greater in my own case than it could
be on such state of facts as the Senator haa
been commenting on. I want to call his atten-
tion to the reason why the statute which I bold
in my hand grants the right of the claimant to
recover upon the proof of certain facts as facts.
Let me read one of them: "on proof to the
satisfaction of said court of his ownership of
said property, and of his right to the proceeds
thereof, and that he has never given any aid or
comfort to the present rebellion." That is a
historical fact, a piece of history which he is
to prove ; he is to establish that at a certain
time past a certain thing did not in truth take
place. Now, whatever may be the scope, re-
troactive or prospective, of a pardon as to its
legal effect, is it not extraordinary that a tribu-
nal should decide that, in addition to wash-
ing a man clean of his crimes, it goes back,
unsettles, annihilates, and disproves a piece of
history which was true in fact, and the absence
of which, in fact, the statute makes a condition-
precedent to the claimant's right to recover.
That is the particular thing, beyond the ampli-
tude or the narrowness of a pardon in its effect,
which surprises me, although so high a tribu-
nal has rendered the decision.
Mr. MORTON. One word upon that point.
When our armies captured property in the in-
surrectionary States, although it mightturn out
to be the property of aloyal man or not, captured
in accordance with the laws of war,theparty was
without remedy because, as has been said or-
dinarily, citizens cannot sue the Government.
But the Government chose to give a remedy
upon one condition ; that is, upon the condi-
tion of the absolute loyalty and devotion to the
Government, and the remedy is given upbn
proof of this fact. Now, when it is held that a
person engaged in the rebellion upon receiv-
ing a pardon shall, in contemplation of law,
have been loyal from the start, and that he
shall have the benefit of a remedy against, the
Government which was intended only for those
who remained true to the Government, I can
but say that I am surprised by the extent of
this decision, and I understand no reasoning
or philosophy upon which it can be sustained.
But, sir. passing on, I should not have said
a word on this subject but for some portion of
the argument made by the Senator from Del-
aware. He said the time had come when the
word " rebel" should not be heard, and that
all distinctions growing out of the war should
be blotted out and lost sight of. So far as
epithets are concerned, I am willing to adopt
his views ; but so far as the facts of history
are concerned, it is not in my power to do it.
When I am willing to forgive all that has
grown out of the rebellion in the future, it
becomes an entirely different question whether
l am willing to make that retroactive and to
give a cause of action against the Government
where none existed before; and I want to call
the attention of the Senate and of the country
to the principle involved to some extent in
that decision, but more especially the point
made by my friend from Delaware. It marks
an era of progress that we are making. Here
is a decision which in effect says that a rebel
whose property was taken during the war has
now a cause of action against the Government
and can recover back its value in damages.
Mr. BAYARD. Who said that?
Mr. MORTON. I understand that to be
the effect of the decision, and the Senator
justified it.
Mr. BAYARD. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to say that I stated that any southern man
who lost his property in war could recover it
of this Government?
Mr. MORTON. No; I am speaking now
particularly of what is called captured and
abandoned property in this statute. I under-
