1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
greater advantages than he would. I suggest
whether it would not he better that when the
man is once in office lie should be allowed to
stay there until there shall be valid reasons for
his removal
Mr, KELLEY. That is a question I would
submit to the House without any contest of
opinion about it. Such other suggestions as
1 may have to make shall be submitted as
amendments may come under consideration.
Mr. MAYNARD. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will move to amend the first see-
tiou of the bill by striking out all after the
eleventh line, so that it will simply provide
that the Director of the Mint "shall be ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate."
Tlie SPEAKER. The amendment offered
by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. May-
nard] will be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out at the end of the first section these
words: ""And shall hold his office for the term of five
years, unless sooner removed by the President upon
reasons to be communicated by him to the Senate."
Mr. POTTER. I desire to make some
inquiries in regard to this bill.
Mr. KELLEY. Unless the gentleman's
remarks relate to the amendment, I would sug-
gest- that wc had better let that question be
first disposed of.
Mr. PO TTER. What I have to say does
not relate to this amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
have not looked at the general scope of this
bill enough to have formed any judgment about
it; but I desire to say that if there is any
amendment which ought not to be made, it is,
it seems to me, that proposed by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynahd.] Whatever
is defective in the report on civil service
which we have lately leceived—and for which
1 hope all good men are devoutly thankful,
for it, is a great step in the right direction—
whatever is defective in that report arises
mainly from the fact that it does not regulate
removals ; it does not say a word about getting
out of office; it relates solely to the question
of getting in. So long as the back door is open
to all officers, no matter how much you guard
the front door, there is still a large degree of
trouble. Now, I am glad to see that in the first
section of this bill the back door is guarded.
Jt proposes to regulate the tenure of office of
this officer. It, fixes his term. It does not
make him an officer for life, thereby subjecting
the bill to the charge of creating what might
perhaps be called a moneyed aristocracy, or
certainly a coin aristocracy; but it does pro-
vide that when the officer is removed, the
reasons for his removal shall be given. Now I
think this is a step in advance m regard to the
civil service; and if no other feature of this
bill be preserved, 1 hope the clause which my
friend from Tennessee proposes to strike out
will be retained. As to the general merits of
the bill, while I have no doubt that the meas-
ure is valuable, I have not studied it sufficiently
to form an individual judgment.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to call the attention
of the Chair to the fact that the morning hour
has expired.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour does
not expire unless some question of higher
privilege takes the pending bill from the con-
sideration of the House.
Mr. WTOOD. Do I understand that this bill
may run through the day?
The SPEAKER. It may, unless something
of higher privilege claims the attention of the
House. The Chair has frequently so decided.
Mr. KELLEY. I would say to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] that f have
no objection to the bill going over till the
morning hour of to-morrow. I am not anxious
to press it at this time. I did not expect the
bill to come up to-day.
Mr. WOOD. Two members belonging to
the minority of the committee, and who, I
suppose, desire to speak on this bill, are ab-
sent.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire that every gentle-
man in the House shall have, it he wishes it,
an opportunity to discuss the bill. I am not
to be understood as unduly pressing it. I will
say to my friend from New York that the
chairman of the committee took especial pains
to invite to the bill the attention of the two
members to whom the gentleman has referred,
and they informed him al'tenvaid that they had
looked pretty thoroughly through the bill. But
I do not wish to press the measure in the ab-
sence of any gentleman who feels an interest
in it; and if the gentleman fiom New York
will raise a question that, shall take me off my
feet and cause the Speaker to announce the
expiration of the morning hour, he will gain
his object, and I shall be obliged to him, for
I am here to-day without any papers on the
subject.
Mr. WOOD. I wish to be distinctly under-
stood. I do not ohjpct to the House proceed-
ing to the consideration of this bill. I do not
object to this being the subject of the whole
session of to-day. But, sir, if we are to do
business within the morning hour, if this com-
mittee can be called and go through the whole
morning hour, and then take up the rest of the
day with one of its bills, I do not see why any
one committee should have a priority ovsr
any other committee so as to monopolize the
business of one whole day's ses-ion. If other
committees are to be restricted to the morn-
ing hour when they submit their reports, this
committee should have no greater privilege.
Mr. DAWES. I should like to ask the
Chair whether there is any business on the
Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Yoik will remember that the Chair has uni-
formly ruled when committees are called they
are entitled to go on with their business unless
taken off the floor by some privileged motion,
such as a motion to go to the business upon the
Speaker's table, or to go into Committee ot
the Whole on the state of the Union, or by a
report from the Committee of Elections. Only
such motions can take precedence of the busi-
ness of the morning hour, and unless such
privileged business arises, there is nothing
which can interfere with the business of the
morning hour. There is nothing in the rules
which confines the morning hour to sixty
minutes.
Mr. DAWES. I made the inquiry whether
there is any business upon the Speakcr'stablc,
and 1 make it again; for, in my judgment, there
are some matters in this bill which deserve
serious consideration. If there is any such
business, I move to go to the business upon
the Spedi.er's table.
The SPEAKER. There is no business upon
the Speaker's table beyond the matters usually
laid before the House by the Chair every day,
excepting a bill from the Senate (S. No. 384)
extending time for the completion of the Green
Bjy and Sturgeon Bay and Lake Michigan ship-
canal, in the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from New
York asks me to withdraw my motion for the
present.
Mr. PQTTER. I desire to indicate the
questions to which I wish answers to be made
at this time by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentleman
from New York will suspend a moment until
I reply to the suggestion of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Garfield. ] From the point which ;
he has made against the amendment, he seems
to have failed to see the object which I had in
view. The objection to the bill as it now stands |
is not that this officer is removable, but the ob- !
jection is to limiting the term to live years. ,
if that be done we shall have the same trouble
we now have in reference to the Commissioner ,
of the Currency. My objection is to limiting j
the term of ofliee to a period of five years. I i
wish to let the officer be made removable only
upon reasons to be assigned for his removal.
Mr. GARF1 ELD, of Ohio. My friend from
Tennessee would have accomplished his pur-
pose by striking out the five years' term, leav-
ing the assignment of reason to stand, but he
strikes cut the assignment of reason for the
removal as well.
Mr. POT I BR. With the consent of the
gentlemen from Tennessee and Ohio, I will
now put certain inquiries to the gentleman in
charge of this bill; and I desire the gentleman
from Massachusetts to withdraw his motion, so
that I may put them at, this time, since I wish
an opportunity to consider the information
which may be given in answer to my ques-
tions ; and if I do not receive it to-day I shall
not have that opportunity.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw my motion to go
to the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. POTTER. I desire, in the first place, to
ask the gentleman who has this bill in charge
whether, if it becomes a law, it will make auy
change in the value of the coin issued pur-
suant to its provisions from the value of the
coin which now exists?
Mr. KELLEY. It does not.
Mr. POTTER. Does it make any change
in the standard of weight or of fineness of the
coin ?
Mr. KELLEY. Tt does not.
Mr. POT 1'ER. Does it provide for any new
kind of coin; coin of any new denomination,
other than that which is now coined?
Mr. KELLEY. It does not.
Mr. POTTER. Does it provide for coino
of new impressions, or with different forms or
devices?
Mr. KELLEY. Inasmuch as itprovides for
the coining of one, three, and five-cent, pieces,
it extinguishes the devices of the old copper
cent. It extinguishes the devices of the copper
nickel coin, which is combined in the propor-
tion of 12 to 88. it extinguishes the devices
of the bronze coins, which are made of tin,
copper, and zinc, of two metals which ought
not to be introduced into our coin. It origin-
ates no new devices—none not known to our
coinage at present.
Mr. POTTER. Does it preserve the same
silver and gold devices now in use?
Mr. KELLEY. Precisely.
Mr. POTTER. Does it preserve the same
nickel coin now in use?
Mr. KELLEY. Precisely.
Mr. POTTER. It authorizes, then, here-
after no base coinage except nickel coinagc?
Mr. KELLEY. That is so. This bill is a
mere codification. There are one or two
things in this bill, I will say to the gentleman
from New York, with his permission, which
I personally would like to modify ; that is to
say, I would like to follow the example of
England, and make a wide difference between
our silver and gold coinage. But as I was
charged with a bill that looked only to the
codification of the mint, laws, or mainly that, I
did not feel it well to interject into that bill
any of my own peculiar views. I would have
liked to have made the gold dollar uniform
with the French system of weights, taking the
gram as the unit. 1 have expressed myself
very earnestly on that subject, but I did not
feel that I could impress my personal views on
a general law, and therefore I prtleired, as I
introduced yesterday a resolution touching
the silver coin, to have this question come up
as an independent question.
Mr. POTTER. I have some further in-
quiries to make of the gentleman, which I
should like him to answer. Does the bill pro-
vide for any compulsory reeoinage of exis ing
coins, or only that, the coinage hereafter shall
be according to the provisions of this bill?
Mr. KELLEY. Thai is ail.
Mr. POTTER. Does it increase the de-
nomination of auy nickel or base coins?
Air. KELLEY. Not in the slightest degree.
Mr. POTTER. Will the bureau which the
