2116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 2,
or agents, I am told, of every steamship line
from the port of New York, protesting against
this system of State pilotage. But i believe
they would not object to it if they could be
allowed to select from the body of licensed
State pilots the particular pilots for their own
ship. It is to be presumed, I think, that men
who own and sail ships know best about their
own business.
All 1 desire is to meet their views in this
respect and to have the amendment of my col-
league [Mr. 'Merriam] so modified as to recog-
nize the right of the ship-owner to select which-
ever he may choose of the pilots licensed by
the State authorities. This right of selection
will not of course reduce in any way the reve-
nue derived from pilot fees. It cannot mili-
'tate against the interests of the pilots. The
ship-owner will necessarily seek to obtain in
every case the most competent pilot to man-
age his vessel. It will equally contribute to
the maintenance of the system of compulsory
State pilotage, and relieve the ship-owners of
the risk and loss arising from them being com-
pelled, as now, to take a pilot they are not dis-
posed to trust with their ships.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, this bill pro-
vides that all vessels shall provide themselves
for all their navigation with a pilot properly
examined and properly licensed. This re-
quirement extends to all navigation, whether
in rivers or harbors, on the lakes, or on the
ocean. In every case a pilot, duly qualified
to manage and run a vessel, is required to be
employed. That is the object of this bill.
That is the provision here. It applies only to
vessels belonging t.o the United States ; there-
fore the remarks of the gentleman in regard to
exempting foreign vessels from the necessity
of harbor pilots are inappropriate at this time.
This section does not refer at all to foreign
vessels, as any gentleman will see who reads it.
Mr. Speaker, the question which commends
itself to our consideration is, shall steaiq ves-
sels which are required by the laws of the
United States to hire pilots and keep them on
board all the time by night and by day, in
calm and in storm, and pay them suitable sal-
aries for all the services which a pilot can be
called on to perforin, whether on the ocean or
in the harbor, going out or coining in—shall
they be compelled to pay compulsory pilotage
at every harbor along our coast into which
they may enter when by this law they are re-
quired to provide themselves with suitable
pilots, and when the owners of vesseh are
responsible tor every damage which may occur
by reason of the inefficiency of those pilots?
It is a serious question, one involving the
owner of every steam vessel in the United
States. It was raised on the passage of the
other law. Having no general law of the
United States regulating pilotage on all ves
sels, foreign as well as domestic, it was thought
best to insert a proviso in the present law.
For lack of a general law in reference to
pilotage it was thought best to insert a proviso ;
in the present law that, that law should not for !
the time being conllict with the pilotage laws
of any State. It was expedient that regula-
tions should have been provided by legislation
of Cougress for the government of vessels in
such cases, but we are no better off to-day to
enforce the provisions of thi3 law on our own
vessels and to make proper distinctions than
we were a year ago, when the present law, for
the better security of the lives of passengers on
board of vessels propelled in whole or in part
by steam, was passed. Therefore I believe it
is the duty of Congress to provide a proper
law in reference to pilotage to relieve our ves-
sels from the compulsory pilotage which now
exists, and to make the proper distinction as
to what powers pilots licensed under the United
States laws shall have, and what powers pilots
provided by the State laws shall have. Yet I
arn tree to say, not only from the careful con-
sideration I have recently given this subject,
but from the study and attention which I gave
to the steamboat law months prior to the
passage of the act of 1871—I am free to say,
Mr. Speaker, there are such difficulties con-
nected with the enforcement of this law, with-
out any other pilotage law, that I think the
better and safer way would be for Congress
to put in a proviso providing as the amend-
ment would make it to put it into this bill,
so that when Congress shall bring its atten-
tion to the laws regulating pilotage they shall
be amended as I hey ought to be, and a proper
general law passed on the subject.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I would
suggest that afier the word " pilot" we should
insert the words "when outward bound," so
as to confine it to outward-bound vessels. In-
ward-bound vessels cannot have any selection.
Mr. NEGLEY. Debate has been exhausted,
and I call for a vote.
Mr. Potter's amendment to the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. Merriam's amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to '.trike out the following :
And every sea-going steam vessel, subject to the
navigation laws of the United States and to the
rules and regulations aforesaid, shall, when under
way, except on the high seas, he under the control
and direction of pilots licensed by the inspectors of
steamboats.
I should be content, Mr. Speaker, to have
it amended by saying "under the control of
pilots licensed by law," but I do object to
having them under the control of pilots licensed
by the inspectors of steamboats.
Mr. NEGLEY. "VVliom will you have them
licensed by?
Mr. BU fLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand the chairman of the committee will
allow it to be under the direction of pilots
licensed by law.
Mr. NEGLEY. Whom will you have them
licensed by?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. By the
States which license them now. The language
oi the bill covers the case, where the steam
vessel is in harbor, and I say that a sea-going
vessel in the harbor should have a pilot on
board licensed by the State.
Mr. ROOSEVELT, i ask unanimous con-
sent to go back to page 62, with the view of
offering an amendment.
The SPEAKER. As soon as the pending
amendment is disposed of the Chair will rec-
ognize the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
roosevelt.]
The question being taken on the amend-
ment ot Mr. Butk.hr, of Massachusetts, it was
agreed to—ayes 71, noes 54.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I now ask unanimous
consent to return to page 02. 1 desire to move
to strike out the words " under way."
Mr. NEGLEY. I must object to going back
umil we get through the bill.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I hope the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Negley] will notob-'
ject under the circumstances. My friend from
New Yoik [Mr. Roosevelt] has been obliged
to be out ot the House attending a committee
meeting, and did not have an opportunity of
offering the amendment which he now pro-
poses, when the section was read.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Jlr. Negley] propose to antag-
onize the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Roosevelt?]
Mr. NEGLEY. I do not until I hear the
section read.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will readthe
section.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sailing, vessels, except as hereinafter provided,
under way, or being towed, shall carry the same
lients as steamships under way, with the exception
ot the white mast-head light, whioh they shall never
carry.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I move to amend by
striking out, after the word "provided," the
words ''under way, or."
Mr. NEGLEY. That will not do.
Mr. TQWNSEND, of New York. I think
my colleague [Mr. Roosevelt] does not fairly
apprehend the section.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I apprehend it fully.
Since the bill came before the House I have
looked over it and considered it very care-
fully. I think I may say that I understand
sailing vessels and their habits as well as any
gentleman on this floor. Although not a sea-
faring man by education, I have been on the
water a great deal, and know what have been
the customs of sailing vessels for many years.
It has never been the custom among them
to have two lights, a red and a green, as is
here proposed. Such a thing has been entirely
unheard of and unknown, and a requirement
of that kind would be exceedingly onerous to
the ordinary sailing vessels along our coasts
and through our sounds; for this applies to all
our sailing vessels, whether out at sea or near
the coast, or in our inland waters. The prac-
tice has been universally to carry a single
light. _
Ordinarily, when running free, vessels liavo
carried a single light under the bowsprit, and
to require them to carry more than one light
would tend to breed confusion and uncertainty,
whether the vessel under way was a sailing
vessel or a steamer. It would, in addition,
involve them in a great deal of expense. Aud
what is of far more importance to me than
any of those considerations, it would absolve
the steamers from any responsibility for neg-
ligence in running down sailing vessels which
throng the waters in the vicinity of New York,
and the same remark applies to other waters,
North and South, which are navigated by
steamer craft of all kinds, extending from a
few tons up to thirty or forty tons.
If steamers were to be relieved from all lia-
bility by the failure of a sailing vessel to carry
these two lights, the result would probably be .
to relieve them from all responsibility what-
ever, and to introduce an entirely new rule
into the navigation of our coasts. We have
in those sounds which I speak of and with
which 1 am most familiar, thousands of ves-
sels probably ; in the other sounds aud waters
of the coast many more; and on the inland
lakes still more. And to put on them the
onus of carrying two lights, or, in the event
of their failure to do so, to relieve the steamers
of any responsibility, would, it seems to me,
be a very great injustice, and would lead to the
most deplorable results. The fact is, as every
one knows who has been accustomed to observe
the lights exhibited on a sailing vessel and on
a steamer, that on the latter the lights aie
raised high above the water, 'and, from the
course ot the steamer being steady can be
seen in a level position, but that on an ordin-
ary sailipg vessel one light is entirely sufficient
to guide steamers, so that they can keep out
of its way, as their duty is. It seems to me
that what is here proposed would not only add
to the expenses of sailing vessels, but would
add to their liability to a degree that was
never intended.
lhe fact of it is that this law seems to be
drawn entirely in the interest of the owners
of steamers.
Mr. NEGLEY. Allow me to correct the
gentleman. It is rule five of the English law.
He never heard of that, 1 suppose, or read it?
.Mr. ROOSEVELT. I do not know any-
thing about the English law. I never sailed
m English waters, and I do not know that I
ever want to, for I should hardly have fair
play there. In my experience in yachting, I
have seen merchant vessels along the coast at
all times, but 1 never in all my experience have
seen more than one light, and by the passage
of a law containing a requisition of this char-
acter, you simply say that under no circum-
stances should a steamer be liable for the dam-
age it may inflict, either wantonly or negli-
gently, or in any other way ; while under our
present rules a steamer must keep out of thu
