324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
gentleman proposes to create under this bill, j
increase the number of officers now connected i
•with the coinage ? j
Mr. KELLEY. I think it will add one oth- j
cer, namely, the chief of the bureau, while it j
will remove or obviate the necessity for some i
subordinate ones. For instance, the duties 1
of the treasurer of the mint now performed j
at New York, Philadelphia, and New Orleans,
will be performed by the Assistant Treasurers
of the United States at those places.
Mr. POTTER. Does it preserve the pro-
visions of law now existing for the redemption
of base coin'!
Mr. KELLEY. It improves them. There
is no provision now for the redemption of base
coin. A postmaster may receive only one,
three, and five-cent pieces, and hecannothave
them redeemed by the Government whose
officer lie is.
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman is mistaken.
We passed a bill for that purpose in the last
Congress.
Mr. KELLEY. I am aware that there was
such a bill, but I do not know what was its
fate. I remember that it would have passed
one day but for the objection of my friend
from New York, [Mr. Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. On the contrary, Mr.
Speaker 
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman afterward
became a coiaborer with me, hut it was on
his objection the bill was killed the first time.
Mr. POTTER. Perfectly true. It was killed
on my objection because it was not in the
proper form, but afterward, when put in proper
form, it passed the House. Subsequently a
bill identical with it from the Senate came
here, and was passed during the last session
of the Forty-First Congress. And under that
bill the redemption of all base coin is now law.
Mr. KELLEY. This bill provides for the
redemption alike of all subsidiary coinage,
whether of silver, copper, or nickel.
Mr. POTTER. Does it make any change
in the law with respect to the exchange of gold
for other coinage?
Mr. KELLEY. Not in the slightest.
Mr. PO ITER. Does it provide lor a change
in the rate of redemption of the subsidiary
coins when exchanged tor gold ?
Mr. KELLEY. I think not; I mean at their
relative values.
Mr. POTTER.
Mr. KELLEY.
that it dops not.
Mr. POTTER.
I mean that.
The gentleman will find
I understood from a mem-
ber of the committee thatit made that change.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 think not. If I find that
it does I will advise my friend of the fact to-
morrow morningbefore we vote on the question.
Mr. POTTE-R. I thank the geutleman.
And now will he explain what he means by
the "profit fund."
Mr. KELLEY. I will. The base coinage has
always been a source of profit. Tokave made
the old "copper," at the organization of the
Government, worth a cent would have rendered
the provision of an adequate amount of coins
almost impossible. There is no subsidiary
coinage m the world, the intrinsic value of
which represents its denominational value,
and there is none such in America. And con-
sequently when base coin is produced there is a
profit fund, which has sometimes amounted, I
think, to a million dollars a year. There is also
a profit lund arising out of all mints except
those belonging to countries who use silver as
a standard—a profit fund derived from silver
coinage. England derives about eight per cent,
from her silver coinage, that being tno differ-
ence between it and gold. We derive about
four per cent under a law introduced by the
late Senator Benton in order to secure asiiver
coinage as a circulating medium in this coun-
try, that being impossible if a subsidiary coin-
age were made of such metal that its intrinsic
value should be its denominational value. It
was the fact that the old Mexican " pillar dol-
lar." as it is called, was of its denominational
value that has taken it out of circulation, so that
it is now only found in this country or in the
commercial couutriesof Europe in cabinets of
curiosities.
Mr. POTTER. It is exactly in respect of
that that I wish to ask the attention of the
House. The gentleman is entirely mistaken
in saying that the copper coinage of this coun-
try was a base coinage at the origin of the
Government. On the contrary, when the
copper which was imported into this country,
to make cents of, varied materially in value,
the weight of the cent was, on one or more
occasions, made to vary accordingly; but a
cent represented truly the hundredth of a dol-
lar. It was not until 1853 that therewas any
law for the issue of an untruthful coinage—a
coinage that was not in value what it pre-
tended to be. After the discovery of Cali-
fornia, in view of the great increase in gold,
silver became relatively increased as gold
decreased in value, and it was thought neces-
sary by Congress, in order to retain small sil-
ver in circulation, to depreciate the value of
the fraciional silver coins. Accordingly the
value of the fractional silver coins of the coun-
try was debased about five per cent., and two
half dollars or four quarter dollars thereafter
were not worth a dollar, but became intrins-
ically worth only about ninety-five hundredths
of a dollar. The silver coins for fractions of
a dollar since 1853 have been false coins,
such coins as, if any citizen had reduced the
earlier silv.r coin to that extent, he would be
liable to be punished for so debasing the coin.
Mr. KELLEY. I suggest to the gentle-
man that the Government of the United States
and that of England, France, Belgium, or Ger-
many, are not men, but sovereigns, exercising
sovereign authority, and bound to furnish the
people of those countries with a circulating
medium. I deny, therefore, the analogy be-
tween the action of such a Government in the
discharge of such a function and that of a
counterfeiter of coin.
Mr. POTTER. The gentleman interrupted
me to refer to an analogy that I did not draw.
I am not unaware of the power of the Govern-
ment. I spoke of the fact that it did debase
its fractional silver coins first about 18-53,
and after 18-53 the Government further pro-
ceeded to debase its copper coins, and then it
finally proceeded to put iuto circulation a mis-
erable, debased nickel coinage, such as the
common five-cent piece, which was made for
no earthly purpose, that I can understand,
except to enrich certain gentlemen who have
a monopoly of nickel in the gentleman's State,
and to give them a profit from it. The fact
now is that we have in circulation in this
country five or six descriptions of base coins,
no one of which is what it pretends to be,
and some of which are not intrinsically worth
ten per eent. of what they pretend to be, and
there was no law for the redemption of those
base coins until the law which was passed at
the last session of Congress.
The gentleman says there is no Govern
ment in the world that issues coin that has not
debased the subsidiary coins. I take issue
with him in regard of that fact. It is the
United States only, as I understand it, of all
the civilized Governments, that materially de-
base their coins and put out coins that pre-
tend to be what they are not. Now, I do not,
know what necessily there may be of legis-
lating in respect to (he coinage now when the
United States have not had any specie o'rcula-
tion for ten years past, and when little at pres-
ent exists to induce us to believe that they will
get back to a specie currency for years to come.
I cannot, therefore, understand why we should
legislate upon the subject at this lime at all:
but if we do, I protest against the continuation
by this Government of the issue of coins which
do not mean what they say, which are not what
they pretend to be, which declare a lie upon
their face; for I say, if it is a part of the prov-
ince of the Government to issue coinage, it is
the function of this Government and of all
Governments to do justice, and there is no
justice in putting forth that which is not what
it pretends to be and attempting io force it
upon the people. A proGt fund so origin-
ating, howsoever large it may be, is ot no
credit to any Government.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman is correct
as to the early history of the coinage of the
country, I would like him to explain where the
profit fund came from when each com repre-
sented its intrinsic value—what there was to
pay for fuel, officers, wastage, and buildings V
Mr. POTTER. Really the difference be-
tween the cost of a thing, that is to say its in-
trinsic value plus the labor necessary to give
it form aud shape and to place upon it the
proper device, and of another thing, having
only one half orone tenth of its nominal value,
is not difficult to understand. When I saythat
the copper coinage of the country originally
was intrinsically of its denominational value,
I meant, of course, that its metallic value was
equal to its denominational value, deducting
from that value the cost of putting the piece
into its form. The Government took the
original cost of the copper and added to it the
amount of cost necessary to put it in the form
of coin. But with this Pennsylvania contriv-
ance we have this nickel coinage, giving a
monopoly to these gentlemen in Pennsylvania
from which my colleague at my left .suggests
they reap a profit of six hundred per cent., and
the country is flooded with base coin, not one
fourth of its denominational value, and having
no relation to the representative value put
upon it.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was communicated to the
House by Mr. Porter, his Private Secretary.
MINTS AND COINAGE.
The House resumed the consideration of
House bill No. 5, revising the laws relative to
the mints, assay offices, and coinage of the
United States.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not see yet, notwith-
standing the explanation of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Potter,] how the pur-
chase of copper and other metals, aud of fuel,
and of acids, and of retorts, and of dies, and
the payment of salaries, and the expense of
construction of buildings and the transmifsion
of coin at the charge of the Government to
different points of the country fordistribution,
at their precise proper cost, shi'll crea'e a
profit fund which is traditional with the .Mint.
That is what I want to know, how the Govern-
ment, by selling its coins at precisely their
cost, has always made a profit. I would like
this question auswered, how a merchant, by
selling everything that he deals in at its proper
cost, shall foot up each year a profit fund?
Mr. POTTER. He does not do so.
Mr. KELLEY. TheGovernmenthasnlways
had its profit fund from the Mint.
Mr. POTTER. My answeris that the Gov-
ernment has not done so, for to say I bat it has
done so is simply to assert that italwajs issued
coin that was debased. There may have been
some little profit at times, but there never were
any base coin put in circulation until 1853,
when silver coin, representing fractions of a
dollar, was debased about six per cent.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman was not
a little rabid about Pennsylvania, if he had
not gone mad on nickel, he would see that the
nickel clauses of this bill could be stricken out,
and yet a very great work would bo done for
the coinage of the country.
Mr. POTTER. Will the gentleman consent,
to strike them out?
Mr. KELLEY. The nickel coins arc part
of the coins of the country to-day, in the pro-
portion provided for in this bill. If those pro-
visions were stricken out, there would be no
provision for producing subsidiary coiuage.
