3012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May
PIG IROS.
Why is that whenever pig iron is mentioned
in this Hall certain gentlemen become excited
and begin at once to look around for weapons
of attack? Is it because the manufacture of
this article is more hazardous and involves
more labor than most other crude productions,
and as a consequence more proprietors in pro-
portion to the number engaged fail in this
than in almost any other enterprise, or is it,
because a reduced domestic production of pig
iron would produce a corresponding reduction
in all other grades and open a wider door for
the importation and use of English iron, to
which some gentlemen seem very partial if
we are to judge from their untiring efforts to
reduce the duty on the raw material to three
dollars per ton ?
In the absence of positive data it is difficult
to ascertain the precise value of pig iron man
ufactured last year, but it is certain the value
ranges between $60,000,000 and $75,000,000,
and that about eighty thousand laborers are
employed in its production. Siill weareusing
annually about four hundred thousand tons
more than we produce, having imported near
that amount of pig and scrap last year, and
having reduced the duty $2 on pig less than
two years ago I submit whether it is wise while
production is so far below consumption to sub-
ject the article to a still further reduction of
$1 per ton, as this bill proposes, the effect of
which will be to widen the margin between
production and consumption.
No other domestic manufacture involves so
large a per cent, of actual labor as pig iron,
and probably none in which so many trades
and arts are represented and directly bene-
fited. it h as been estimated that more than
eighty per cent, of the value of a ton of pig
iron is actual labor, and gentlemen who pro-
fess to be deeply concerned in the interests of
laboring men make an adverse record when
they vote to reduce the duty on this article.
The gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Finkei.n-
borg,] a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means and a supporter of this bill, in his
remarks the other day stated that tire value of
labor represented in pig iron was only fifteen
to twenty per cent, ot' its cost. I have too high
a legard for the integrity of that gentleman to
suppose lie would intentionally misrepresent
the laots, but this grossly erroneous statement
is calculated to mislead and ought not to go-
unoonlriidictod.
Now, if the gentleman referred only to the
labor incident to lh« manufacture of pig iron
after all the material is prepared and laid down
at the furnace, he may not have been greatly
in error, but he did not so qualify his remarks.
Now, 1 hold myself responsible for saying
that in my district, where about one hundred
and thirty thousand tons of pig iron are annu-
ally produced, the bulk ot which is made with
charcoal, the actual value of the different kinds
of labor which enter into its cost is over eighty
per cent., and I have no doubt about the same
is true in other localities.
It has been several times stated in this de-
bate that the value of the iron productions of
the United States last year was $195,000,000.
J his is an error. Any one who will examine
U'?i t£blie Upu" wh'ch tJli.s estimate is based
will find that the value of pig iron is first set
down, then the Value of the different grades
of finished iron and steel made from the pig
thus twice including the value of the latter.'
In order to be correct, we must deduct from
the value ot the finished iron the value of the
pig, say $70,000,000, which will leave $125 -
000,000 as the legitimate production, or a little
over double the value of importations.
It is argued that m anufacturers can well afford
to submit to a reduction of duties, on the ground
that they are now relieved of internal taxes,
but it must be remembered that when they were
paying these_ taxes gold was at a very high
premium, which added a corresponding per
peat, to the then existing duties, and that by
the decrease of the premium on gold they have
suffered a reduction of protection to more than
double the amount of the tax referred to. But
it is said the appreciation of the value of paper
is precisely in proportion to the depreciation
of the premium on gold. That is true, but
the bene6t inures to those who furnish the raw
material and perform the labor, and not to the
manufacturer, except so far as his net profits
are concerned.
Mr. RITCHTE addressed the committee
in remarks which will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. DUKE. Mr. Chairman, ill the fourth
paragraph of the fourteenth section of the
majority bill will be found the following pro-
vision :
But nothing in this section shall be construed to
exempt from a special tax any farmer or planter who
shall, by peddling T>r otherwise, sell leaf tobucco at
retail directly to consumers, or who shall sell or
assign, consign, transfer, or dispose of to persons
other than those who have paid a special tax as leaf
dealers or manufacturers of tobacco, snuff, orcigars,
or to persons purchasing leaf tobacco tor export.
And it shall be the duty of every larmer or planter
producing and selling leaf tobacco, on demand ol
any internal revenue officer, or other authorized
agent of the Treasury Department, to furnish said
officer or agent a true andcorrectsUilemeiit, verified
by oath or affirmation, of all his sales of leaf to-
bacco, tho number ot hogshends, cases, or pounds,
with the name and residence in each instance ol
the person to whom sold, and the place to which it is
shipped. And any such larmer or planter who shall
willfully refuse to furnish such information, or who
shall knowingly make lalse statements as to any of
the facts aforesaid, shall be liable to a penalty not
exceeding $500.
And substantially the same provision will be
found in the bill of the minority.
Mr. DICKEY. As I see several members
of the Committee of Ways and Means here, I
ask why was that provision inserted?
Mr. BURCHARD. If the gentleman ap-
peals to me, 1 will ask which bill he refers to?
Mr. DICKEY. Either.
Mr. BOUCHARD. The bill presented by
the gentleman' from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kel-
ley] has the provision to which the gentleman
refers.
Mr. DICKEY. The same provision is in
both bills.
Mr. DUKE. Both are the same in that
respect.
Mr. BURCHARD. That matter, if I may
be allowed to state it, was referred to a sub-
committee, of which the gentleman who its-
ported the bill was a member, and that sub-
committee reported those provisions.
Mr. DICKEY. I wish to ask why the man
who raises tobacco must, no matter how igno-
rant he may be, or whether he raises it on
shares or otherwise, be compelled to keep a
book account, any more than the man who
raises corn or wheat?
Mr. BURCHARD. Those members of the
committee who gave their attention to that
portion of the subject reported that on a con-
ference with the Department it was thought
desirable to lay these restrictions upon the
sale by individuals, in order if sales should be
made of manufactured tobacco 
^r' Then i understand that the
man who raises tobacco must be subjected
to an imposition to which no other man is sub-
jected?
Mr. DUKE. I remarked before, and I
think what has just been said by the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Bukchard] bears me
out in the statement, that no member of that
committee could have been familiar with the
raising of tobacco. I am not here to blame
the committee or cast any imputation upon
them, i merely say that they were not famil-
iar with the subject.
I desire briefly to call the attention of the
House to this most remarkable provision. And
in the first place, I merely premise that such a
Pf?™011 could not have been inserted in the
' ,rany member of the Committee of Ways
and Means had represented a tobacco-growing
district,. It so happens (by accident, no doubt)
that the tobacco interest, that interest which
pays the second largest internal tax, is wholly
unrepresented upon that committee, whose
special duty it is to impose all taxes. Tobacco
pays about one fourth of the entire internal
revenue, and yet not a solitary member of that
committee comes from a district in which
tobacco is cultivated to any_ extent as a staple
crop. I do not mean to intimate that this was
done by design, but, nevertheless, it is unfor-
tunate that no member of this committee comes
from a district which would be especially
affected by this large tax. I have not brought
this matter to the attention of the House in
any captious spirit, or with a view of casting
any censure upon the appointing power or upon
those appointed, but simply to account for
what would otherwise appear an act of great
injustice to those who grow tobacco as a staple
crop.
Mr. BURCHARD. I am not responsible
for that provision. I piefer to keep the price
up on tobacco and vote with the gentleman
against those restrictions.
Mr. DUKE. Upon tobacco?
Mr. BURCHARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. DUKE. Ah! there we hitch again. I
propose to argue this question before the House
and ask to have that provision struck out.
Now, what are these provisions of this por-
tion of the paragraph? They are simplythese:
that a planter or farmer who chooses to make
tobacco shall only be allowed to sell that to-
bacco m a particular way, and if he dares to
sell the production of his own labor, the crop
which he or his hands have produced from his
land, he shall be subject to heavy pains and
penalties. The farmer who raises hay, corn,
wheat, oats, or any other farm product or pro-
duct of the orchard, or who raises stock, shall
be permitted to sell in any way he thinks
proper. I can raise corn or wheat and sell it
to my neighbor by the bushel, barrel, or hun-
dred barrels ; I can send it to Washington city or
to Richmond, and sell it in such quantities as
I may see fit; I can ship my fruit crop to New
York, and sell by the box or crate or fifty crates.
But the poor freedmati, who rents a small
piece of my land and raises a few hundred
pounds of fine tobacco, cannot, when he goes
into the village to buy a small amount of gro-
ceries, take his tobacco with him and retail it
out to those who actually need it for their own
use unless he pays a special tax for s  doing.
He cannot sell his little crop unless he sells
upon the premises or to tho-.e who buy tobacco
for manufactuiing purposes or for export. I
can take my grain or fruit or stock t,o the neigh-
boring town and sell if to whom I please and in
such quantities as I think best; I can get the
money for it, or I can get goods for it; but the
freedman who rents aportion of my land cannot
sell his little crop of tobacco in this way; he
cannot sell it to consumers, unless they will
come upon his premises to buy, and even then
he cannot sell to an amount exceeding $100
All producers of'agricultural commodities are
left, free to dispose of their products in such
manner as they deem proper, ^ave and except
one ; that one, the tobacco-grower, is fenced
about and hedged in by such restrictions and
limitations as will tend to diminisn the produc-
tion of tobacco by planters who make small
crops. Is it fair, is it just, thus to impose upon
one class of producers burdens which are
imposed upon no other? We have heard much •
of class legislation; could there be a more
odious or oppressive instance of class legisla-
tion than this?
Again, you require the cultivator of tobacco
to keep an account of all tobacco sold by him,
and he is compelled '• on demand of any in-
ternal revenue officer, or other authorized
agent of t.Lie Treasury, to furnish said officer
or ^ agent a true and correct statement,
verified by oath or affirmation, of all his
sales of leaf tobacco, the number of hot-
heads, cases, or pounds, with the name and
resilience, m. each instance, of the person to
whom sold and the place to which shipped,''
