THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
greater percentage on the paper before it is
printed than you do on the paper after it is
printed. If your tariff is for- the purpose of
encouraging the industries of the country, in-
stead of encouraging printers and encouraging
printing on good paper here, you discourage
them and encourage printing in foreign coun-
tries.
Now, to illustrate: take the paper that Har-
per's Weekly is printed on, or take the paper
that Mr. Leslie prints his weekly on; take all
that class of paper on which our periodicals
and magazines are printed, or the paper on
which you print your bills here, or that on
■which the Globe is printed, you charge on that
paper thirty-one and a half per cent, duty
when it comes into this country; but suppose
they just cross into Canada and get that paper
printed on British presses, then you charge
them twenty-five per cent, for paper, printing,
and all. There is the difference.
I do not wish to discuss this matter, because
I am not qualified to do so; but newspaper
men who have talked with me, and men who
understand the matter and manufactured the
paper, explain to me that the difference -be-
tween the cost of manufacturing the paper
called sized paper and the unsized paper is
very slight. I have been told what the ingre-
dients' are that are used in sizing the paper.
It is not necessary to go into that, because I
Suppose you are all as well versed in it as I
am myself. But in order to encourage the
printing in this country of our books, our news-
papers, our magazines, and our pamphlets on
the best-class.of paper, I am in favor of mak-
ing a uniform rate as the House fixed it of
twenty per cent, on both classes, sized and
unsized.
Until a short time ago there was no distinc-
tion made in the-tariff on paper; sized and
unsized paper were at the same rate ; but the
House of Representatives a very few years ago
in fixing the rate of tariff inserted the word
unsized," which made the distinction reduc-
ing that, so thai the men who publish the ordin-
ary newspaper got their paper much cheaper
than the others got their paper. Before that,
the duty was the same and always had been
up to that time.
All persons who have been talking to me
about it say this objection exists, that if you
equalize the duty on the two classes of paper,
then it applies to writing-paper. It is true that
writing-paper is sized paper ; but I would pro-
pose to follow that up so as to regulate it by
providing that none of this class of paper that
pays the twenty per cent, duty shall be used as
writing-paper, or arrange it in some way so
that writing-paper shall be in a different class
from paper imported for the purpose of print-
ing upon, whether sized or unsized, and letthe
latter pay a uniform duty of twenty per cent.
ad valorem. That would be the proposition I
would make, and that is as the House had it.
I am in favor of striking out the Senate amend-
ment and leaving the clause as the House sent
it to the Senate. I would like to hear from the
Senator from Ohio if I am mistaken about any
of these matters.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the Senator is
through I will explain this matter as we
understood it after careful examination.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not doubt but that the
committee understood it-perfect,ly, and I do
not doubt but that they gave it a careful ex-
amination ; but I have tried to understand it
and perhaps I do not understand it, but if I
can understand why we are, by the rule of
protection, to encourage the manufacture of
the best article in this country, we ought on
the same rule to encourage printing on the best
class of paper. That is my judgment about it.
If we desire to do this, we ought at the same
time to make a uniform rate so that we should
at least get as good a class of paper as possible
for that purpose, and make the distinction be-
tween that and writing-paper which is im-
ported into this country.
I presume every Senator here has received
a memorial sent to the Senate by a number of
gentlemen who are engaged in this business,
quitea number in New York and other places,
to which the names of fifteen printing-houses
are signed; and they say to' us that these firms
use over one hundred and twenty tons of
printing-paper per week, and they ask us to
make the rate uniform so that they themselves
will not come in competition with printed
matter.
I ask the Senate to look at the book I -have
hereathaud. [Exhibitingavolum'e.] People
may say that 1 have brought here a very nice
article. So it is; and under your tariff, as you
have it reported by the Finance Committee,
books printed on that class of paper can be
imported into this country at twenty-five per
cent, duty; but if you bring the paper here
without any printing on it it pays thirty-cue
and a half per cent. There is the difference.
Hence I say I can print that book iu Canada
and bring it to this country cheaper than I can
bring in the paper on which it is printed.
We do not want to encourage our printers
in New York who are printing books and
periodicals to cross the line into Canada to
make the difference between twenty'-gve per
cent, and thirty one and a half per cent., the
difference between the duty on the paper and
that on the printed matter. I may be mis-
taken about it; but it does seem to me that .if
you can import a book like that at twenty-five
per cent, after it is printed, it is a singular
argument that would allow you to charge a
man thirty-one and a ha,lf per cent, for the
paper without printing on it. That is a view
that strikes me with a good deal of force and
induces me to say what I do say in reference
to this question, and to ask that the tariff upon
sized paper upon which printing is done shall
be less than that on paper with the printing on
it if imported here in book form. I do think
the interest of the country and the interest of
the printing-houses does demand at least that
they shall not pay more tariff on paper before
being printed than they paj; for both printing
and paper after a book is printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have often heard the
remark in the Senate that a tariff was only, a
struggle of private interests, and there is a
good deal of truth in that. In regard to this
particular subject-matter, I- say to the Senate
that there ha3 been no representation and no
complaint made in regard to this matter ex-
cept by one man in the city of New York who
wishes to get the sized paper upon which he
prints a pictorial illustrated magazine and a
pictorial newspaper, which are broadly circu-
lated to a great extent over this country, at a
lower rate of duty. The paper that he con-
sumes, as he admitted himself, with the excep-
tion of about one sixth, is manufactured in
this country ; he buys it in this country; and
this is a struggle for him to get his paper, be-
cause it is sized paper of a superior quality,
admitted at a lower rate. AH the newspapers
in this' country are printed on unsized paper,
that is, paper which blots, which is not covered
over with a coating of matter'to prevent it from
blotting. The distinction between sized paper
and unsized paper is the distinction between
writing-paper and printing-paper. Printing-
paper is admitted at a low rate of duty; it is man-
ufactured in this country and largely, and but
very little of it is imported. We only received
last year on printing-paper of all kinds, sized
and unsized, about forty-two thousand dol-
lars revenue. This, then, simply amounts to
a struggle by one man to get a peculiar kind
of paper that he uses at a lower rate of duty.
The Harper Brothers, who publish the same
kind of illustrated magazine, and the others,
do not come here and complain.
Mr. FENTON. I wish to correct a state-
ment of fact. The chairman of the committee,
doubtless, has overlooked the fact that the
Harper Brothers were represented on the
paper question before the committee.
' Mr. SHERMAN. I never heard of the
Harper Brothers or any other publishers mak-
ing any question on this point except Frank
Leslie. Why is it that this particular quality
of paper is used? Simply because the illus-
trated papers demand sized paper. They can-
not print their pictures upon paper unle.ss it
will not' blot, unless they are printed upon
paper that will riot scatter the impression.
The newspapers are printed upon ordinary
prMftg-paper"; but these illustrated papers
are required to be printed on superior paper.
Therefore they have to use paper that amounts
to a writing-paper—si^ed paper of superior
quality and superior cost. Therefore it is an
effort to get their paper lower.
But the Senator says we ought to draw some
bther distinction than between sized and un-
sized paper. There is no wayto do it. We
appealed to these very gentlemen to tell us how
they could draw a distinction as to cost. As
a matter of course the higher rate of duty ought
to be put upon the higher priced article, on
the manufacture that has gone to the higher
stage, and the lower rate of duty on the cheap-
er article ; but there is no -way to draw the
line except between sized and unsized paper.
Sized paper is, as a rule, more expensive
paper, unsized paper is a,cheaper paper ; there-
fore the line is drawn between sized aad un-
sized paper.
It is true that there is some kind of sized
paper like that used by the Harpers and Frank
Leslie that is not much advanced in the cost
over unsized paper ; but on the other hand
the paper that the Senator has exhibited on
which the finest books are published with fine
engravings, &c., is a high-priced paper, cost-
ing more per pound than some of the writ-
ting-paper we use daily ; and the distinction is
drawn between this high-priced valuable paper
and the cheaper paper.
We reduced the duty some years ago on
printing-paper during the war, and put it at a
lower rate than the average rate of duty. W hy ?
Because it entered into the common consump-
tion of all classes; it was paper on which all
newspapers were pTinted. They demanded a
redaction of duty on paper, and it wasyielded,
and they now pay but twenty per cent, ad
valorem on all the paper they consume; but
on writing-paper and on all the higher-priced
paper the old rate of duly has been maintained
at thirty-five percent. Whyshould we reduce'
the duty on one and not 011 the other ; or why
should we make a discrimination in favor of
the one against the other? The Senator's prop-
osition and the House proposition prevent us
from reducing the duty on the cheaper kind
of paper, that is, the unsized paper; and so
we maintain the duty at twenty per cent, on
that which is cheapest, and reduce the rate of
dtity on that which is the highest to twenty
per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator
from Ohio allow me to ask him a question?
Why is the difference made between sized and
unsized paper? It does not cost one sixtieth
part of a cent more to size paper than it does
to have it unsized.
Mr. SHERMAN. Take sized paper, as a
rule, and it costs twice as much; take partic-
ular classes, and the Senator may be correct.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator from Ohio will permit me, I will answer
the Senator from Nevada. It is simply that
we may put a different rate of duty upon writ-
ing-paper and note-paper. If we did not make
that discrimination, all the writing-paper and
note-paper consumed in this country would be
brought from France, which levies an export
duty on rags.
Mr. SHERMAN. If you admit the sized
paper at twenty per cent.', what is the effect
on the fine writing-paper of the country? It
will come in at that rate. You cannot draw
the distinction. The very moment you drop
the words "sized" and "unsized" you can-
not draw the distinction. How can you dis-
