1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1221
be passed over for tlie present, and the read-
ing of the bill proceeded with.
Mr. MAYNARD. I called attention to (he
matter because I thought the language might
be broad enough to constitute the Globe an
official appendix of the Government from this
time forward.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It cannot have
that effect. This is the same language that
has been used by Congress year by year. Let
this paragraph be passed over for the present.
No objection was made.
The Clerk read as follows:
Capitol police:
For captain of the poliee. $288; for two lieuten-
ants, at $300 each: and twenty-eight privates, at
Sm each; in all, $11,<H0.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as the pay of
the Capitol police -is -a matter regulated by
law, I would like to inquire of the, chairman
of tlio Committee on Appropriations how it
happens that additional appropriations for the
Capitol police are to be made in this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will explain
to the gentleman. The Committee an Appro-
priations, more than a year ago, in report-
ing the appropriation for the Capitol police,
adopted for the pay of these persons an amount
which on subsequent examination by a sub-
committee was found to be less than their
legal pay. The gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] then a member of the Committee
on Appropriations, reported on behalf of the
sub-committee that the amounts which had
been appropriated in the bill were smaller
than the salaries authorized to be paid by law.
In the general legislative bill passed by this
House on the 26th of last January the rates
suggested by the sub-committee of the former
Committee on Appropriations were adopted
for the next year as the pay of these officers.
But there was no provision extending these
rates of pay back to the remaining portion of
this year. We have simply made this appro-
priation conform to the rates thus fixed in
order to provide for the difference between the
amount agreed on in the first place by the
Committee on Appropriations and that sub-
sequently agreed on as the salary to which
these officers were entitled by law.
Mr. HOLMAN. But the appropriation
made for the current year was fixed by the
House at the amount which the House intended
to appropriate for that purpose; and the only
ground for this deficiency is that the House
refused to appropriate the full amount author-
ized by law.
Mr. G-ARFIBLD, of Ohio. The same com-
mittee that reported the sum originally appro-
priated came into the House subsequently, and
through the sub-committee reported that the
full amount of the salary of these officers had
not been included in tlie appropriation. The
House as to the future made the appropria-
tion on the basis of the sum allowed by law.
The only question is whether we shall pass
this appropriation so as to make the salary of
these officers for the present year what they
have been fixed at by law.
Mr. HOLMAN. The truth is that some-
times the only effectual raode of reducing sal-
aries is simply to reduce the appropriation ;
and that seems to have been done in this ease.
Mr. SARGENT. Not at all. There is an
actual deficiency.
Mr. BECK. Allow me to say that last year
1 took charge of this subject, and by a calcu-
lation which was then made it was found that
there was an actual deficiency in the amount
appropriated for the salaries of these officers,
and that a deficiency appropriation must be
made to give them the amount allowed by law.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We have fol-
lowed precisely the figures of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. DAWES. I wish the gentleman from
Ohio would furnish us with the law upon this
subject.
Mr. HALE, I ask the Clerk to read what
I sendto the desk. I think it will enlighten the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.]
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. Beck. I desire to offer, by way of amend-
ment, an additional paragraph, to coine in at this
point, as follows:
"To make up deficiency in appropriation for Cap-
itol police for the fiscal year ending June 30,1871,
$11,544. as follows: for one captain, $288: two lieu-
tenants, at S300 each, $600; twenty-five privates for
twelve months, at $384 each per annum, $9,600; and
three privates for eleven months, at $384 each pur
annum, $1,056; ma-king a total of $11,544.
" Mr. Speaker, this matter was referred to me by
the Committee on Appropriations to examine and
report upon it, and after a very full examination I
find that we have cut down the number of the Cap-
itol police one half, or thereabouts; but their pay is
not proportionately cutdown; it iscutdown beyond
the amount provided by law.
" Mr. Lawrence. There is no law for this appro-
priation.
"Mr.Beck. I beg the gentleman's pardon; there
is. By the act of May 2,1828. the Presiding Officers
of the two Houses were authorized to fix the com-
pensation of the police of the Capitol. (Statutes-
at-Large, vol. 4, page 266.) By virtue of that author-
ity thepay of the captain was fixed at$l,740; private,
$1,100. By act of April 23, 1854, twenty per cent.
' upon their present pay ' was added thereto. (Stat-
utes-at-Large, vol.10, pase 276.) By tlie act of July
28.1866, twenty per cent, upon their present pay is
allowed. (Statutes-at-Large, vol.14,page 323.) The
effect of the proposed amendment is simply to appro-
priate a sum sufficient to pay the compensation now
due under existing laws, the appropriation at the
last session of Congress being that amount less than
they arc entitled to. This being the law, I was com-
pelled to recommend the amendment which I have
offered.
"The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to/'
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suppose there
is no further objection to the paragraph just
read. Let the Clerk read on.
The Clerk read as follows:
For publishing the laws of the first session of the
Forty-First Congress in newspapers, $2,100.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Chairman, I move to
amend by striking out the paragraph just read.
It will be observed that this is an appropriation
to pay for publishing the laws of the first session
of the last Congress. I submit that the Secre-
tary of State had no authority to publish those
laws in the absence of an appropriation; and
if he did so, it created no obligation on our
part to make an appropriation to meet the
expenditure thus incurred. It is very manifest
Congress did not intend to appropriate this
money. The officers of the Government knew
the fact. Finding there was a law providing for
such publication, Congress made the necessary
appropriation; and I submit that the Secre-
tary of State, if he ordered the publication
beyond the amount of the appropriation, ex-
ercised a power which be did not possess, and
that Congress should strike this appropriation
out.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I desire to
ask the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations whether he can inform the commit-
tee in what papers these laws were published,
what laws were published, or what was the
public necessity which required their publica-'
tion without the authority of law ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. _ I will answer
both the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hoir
man] and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Speer] in one statement. The law is
peremptory on the Secretary of State. He is
required to take all the statutes as they come
to him. and examine them and select out such
as he regards of a general nature, leaving out,
of course, merely local and private statutes;
and he is bound, under the law, to order the
publication of those in a certain number of
papers specified in the law. He cannot tell
how much it is to cost, but he must make the
publication in accordance with the law of
the statutes as they come. Now, it appears
from the letter which, we have on file that in
making the publication of the laws the amount
placed at his disposal for the purpose ran
short. He made the order under the law, as
he was bound to do, but the amount of money
appropriated last year fell short by the sum
named in those two lines of the bill. Under
these circumstances, he has nothing to do but
send in the deficiency for Congress to supply
by au appropriation.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Did the
Secretary exceed the appropriation allowed
by Congress?
llr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Congress in
making the appropriation could not tell pre-
cisely how many laws would be printed, or how
many dollars it would take to publish them in
t'he newspapers.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Did not the
Secretary increase the number of papers in
which. the publication was authorized to be
made?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Not at all. The
number of papers is specified, and the very
papers in which the publication is to be made
are designated, not by the Secretary of State,
but by the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. At the sug-
gestion of members of Congress? ' .
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suppose so."
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stand that in the Stale of Louisiana, and I
believe in all the southern States, papers are
kept up by the public printing. Papers of no
circulation whatever are kept up by the com-
pensation got for publishing the laws of Con-
gress. The publication in those papers is of
no manner of use. They are read by nobody,
and the publication is simply given to those
papers for the purpose of keeping in existence
a number of political papers not supported by
the people of the States in which they are
published.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not know how it is in-
Louisiana ; but I know that it is very difficult
in Pennsylvania to get newspapers to publish
the laws at the rates allowed by Congress.
No papers there desire to have the publication.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I suppose
that in Pennsylvania papers have a legitimate
circulation of their own. They do not depend
there on the publication of the laws.
The question being taken on Mr. Holmax's
motion to strike out the paragraph, it was dis-
agreed to—ayes 47, noes 75.
The Clerk read as follows:
For publishing the laws of the second session of
the Forty-First Congress in newspapers,$6,112; and
hereafter no money-shall bo paid for publishing the
laws of the United States in newspapers, and all
acts and parts of acts providing for publishing the
laws of the United States in newspapers are hereby
repealed.
Mr. PERCE. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the latter part of this paragraph
is in the nature of new legislation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Perce] will
allow the sense of the committee to be t?.ken
on the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Gakfield] moved in the House to
suspend the rules, so that points of order
should not lie against the bill. Was the motion
of the gentleman sustained by the House?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The motion
was made, but the Houae adjourned without
suspending the rules.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Perce.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I very respectfully appeal
from the decision of the Chair on that point.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let me appeal
to the gentleman from Indiana to let us wait
until we get back into the House, and try it
there.
Mr. HOLMAN. The same point of order
can be made there.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is Monday,
and we can move to suspend the rules.
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, if we go back into
the House to-day. I insist upon my appeal
from the decision of the Chair, or rather I
will move that the committee do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman
withdraw the appeal?
