1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
2?3
42d Cong....2d Sess.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Pool.
Senate.
Senator, very pregnant with a suggestion, and
that suggestion was just ia the lme I have
named, as I understood it. I do not com-
plain of the Senator at all in referring to it.
1 merely meant to correct the impression that
there was any purpose on the part of that polit-
ical convention, or on the part of the people
of North Carslina, to interfere in any manner,
or to express in any manner an opinion to the
Senate of the United States as to whether they
should find this way or that way; and they
have not done it. They have not expressed
any opinion on the subject.
Mr. President, the Legislature of North
Carolina, upon the day provided by law, took
proceedings in regard to the election of a Sen-
ator of the United States. What the result
of those proceedings was is for the Senate to
decide. That is the question which is now
pending before us. If the result was that Mr.
Abbott was entitled to his seat, by that result
he had a vested right to that seat, and the right
to an office is as sacred a right to be protected
and preserved as the right to auy species of
property. It is vested in him provided the
law, as it stands under those proceedings, says
that he was duly elected a Senator. It makes
no matter how Senators might wish the law to
be. As was very well said by the Senator
from Wisconsin, we are to take the law as it
is; we are to administer it in this case as a
judge would administer it upon the bench.
If we find that it is not such as we would have
it, Congress may change the law for the future.
There is no danger of setting any precedent in
this case, because however the Senate may
decide, whether in favor of Mr. Abbott or
against him, if they believe that the law for
such cases in the future should be different,
Congress has but to amend the act in relation
to electing Senators. I make this remark to
show that we have no danger herefrom setting
a precedent tnat might not be agreeable to the
Senate, or might not be considered in accord-
ance with the best policy for the country.
The case is simply this, briefly stated: Mr.
Abbott received the highest vote cast for an
eligible person; but a majority upon being
called named an ineligible person, knowing at
the time that he was ineligible. The question
that is presented, then, is, what is the result?
Was there an election or was there no elec-
tion ? If there was an election, who was
elected ? That Mr. Vance was elected, I sup-
pose nobody will maintain, for he was ineli-
gible. If Mr. Vance was not elected, was not
Mr. Abbott elected? If not there was a fail-
ure to make an election. Sir, it is the duty of
electors in all elections to make an election.
I do not say they must make an election. I
do not say that there cannot be a failure to
make an elec'ion; for frequently there is a
failure ; but I do say that it is the duty of the
electors to make an eleciion, and it is the
policy of the law to set every safeguard against
a lailure to do so, because if the eleciion tail
then the expense and the trouble as well as
the delay of calling another elec ion are mat-
ters of inconvenience that every good Govern-
ment, should seek to avoid. In the case of a
senatorial election it is stiil more important,
it is still more obligatory upon the electors not
to prevent an election, but to make one. The
laws of the country care nothing as to whether
this man or that man is elected—the choice
between men is with the electors. What the
law covers, what the law imposes as a duty is
that an election of somebody shall be made
on the day when the proceeding is had.
That being the duty of the electors in this
case, they proceeded at the time and in the
manner provided by law to go into an election
of a United States Senator; they proceeded
to go into that election under certain rules.
The rules by which the result of an election
shall be ascertained are various, and they
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 18.
differ in different countries and in different
elections; but there ought always to be some
rule prescribed and ascertained beforehand,
and well understood, by which it is to be de-
cided whether or not an election was made,
whether or not any one received such a vote
as entitled him to the office which the elect-
ors were proceeding to fill. As I said, the
rules have been various in various coun-
tries and as applicable to various elections.
Let me state some rules or modes of election
in order that I may discuss this case more
clearly and make my points more intelligible
to the Senate.
It may be a rule that a majority of all the
electors is required to make an election. That
rule obtains in some places and in some elec-
tions. Or it may be a rule that a majority of
those voting shall elect provided a majority of
the whole body of electors vote. That differs
from the preceding case in this, that it requires
a majority of a majority, not a majority of the
whole number. Or it may be a rule that simply
a majority of those voting shall elect, whether
a majority of the whole or not. Or it may be
a rule, as it is in popular elections in the State
of North Carolina, that a simple plurality of
those voting shall elect, so that it requires not
even a majority of those who actually vote.
But, sir, some rule ought always to be estab-
lished, and in all elections of which I liave
any knowledge the rules are well ascertained,
If there be any case to my knowledge in which
it is uncertain what rule prevails, it happens
to be in the case of the election of a Senator
by the Legislature of a State; but I do not
believe that upon a fair examination of the
law there can be any doubt really as to what
the rule is in that ease.
Mr. President, having ascertained how many
or what proportion of the voters shall be neces-
sary to effect a choice, and the great object
of the law beingthataclioice shall be effected,
it would be strange indeed if there should be
no guards against either a factious minority
or a rebellious majority having it in their
power to prevent an election altogether. Why,
sir, elections may be prevented in various
ways. The preventing of elections is what
the law seeks to guard against; the prevent-
ing of the failure of elections is what the
good policy of every Government should
guard against, not that they would dictate to
the electois this choice or that choice, but
some choice, and compel them, as far as law
can compel them, to make a choice upon the
day on which the law says they shall make it.
Elections may be prevented, 1 graut you, by
violence amounting to insurrection. A case
of that kind is left to the ordinary criminal
laws of the country, but it is a case very un-
likely to occur. If it should occur, there
would have to be another election ordered as
a matter of course, but the criminal laws of
the country would deal with the men who had
been guilty of the violence and insurrection.
But elections may be prevented in other
ways than this. This is not the most common
nor is it the most likely way in which those
who for any purpose seek to prevent an elec-
tion may do it. The prevention of elections
under the forms of law is the serious evil to
be guarded against; for when an election is
prevented under the forms of law, what rem-
edy has the Government? It is deprived of
the service of an important officer. There is
a necessity for still further expense and delay
and tioubie in holding another election, and
there seems to be no remedy whatever if the
law by its forms will permit, those who choose
to do so to prevent an election at the time and
in the manner prescribed.
Under a republican form of government how
very important it is that 110 class ot electors
should have it in their power under the forms
of law to prevent the election of officers. In
England there are officers who hold their places
not upon the tenure of election. But in this
Government the whole frame-work rests upon
officers who are elected, and the point that I
am now making is that here of all places in
the world there ought to be the most stringent
laws against preventing elections, and those
laws the most stringently and rigidly executed.
When an electiou is prevented under forms of
law, or without violating any positive law,
there is no remedy; you.have 110 means of
punishing the parties who have committed the
wrong; the Government must submit whatever
the consequence may be. Whatever evils may
arise you cannot punish those who brought
these evils upon the country.
Now, sir, should all the electors refuse to
vote, the election would be prevented. But
that is not a probable case. But where a
specified portion of the electors is required
in order to make the election, should that
specified portion refuse to take part, the elec-
tion is prevented by a number less than the
whole. The refusal or failure of that portion
of the electors to take part in the election
presents a difficulty that may very likely occur,
and there have been various laws passed to
meet the case. Before I have concluded my
remarks I shall perhaps have occasion to refer
to what the laws are in various of the States
in a case of this kind.
But, sir, the most common modes of pre-
venting elections under the forms of law are
by scattering and by voting for ineligible candi-
dates. Wherea majority of the whole nuin ner of
votes cast is required, that majority byse-itter-
ing their votes or by voting for an ineligible
candidate may prevent an election. No law is
violated, but the election isprevented. 1 con-
sider it pertinent to this inquiry to cail the
attention of the Senate to the various modes
prov.ded by law to prevent a failure of elections
in this way, and to carry out and enforce the
general purpose that an electiou shall take
place, that borne choice shall be made.
Let us proceed to examine how under the
various modes of voting elections may be pre-
vented. Suppose a majority of the whole
number of electors is required to make an
election, in that case the election may be pre-
vented by a majority of the electors absenting
themselves from the polls. So if a majority
of those voting is the rule, an election may be
prevented by the same means. Or they may
go to the polls and scatter their votes and thus
prevent an election; or by voting for ineli-
gible candidates the majority may pi event an
electton being made.
Now, sir, what have been the provisions of
law in many of the States in order more
effectually to secure an election under these
circumstances? The most general rule of
voting as I understand in this country is that a
majority of those voting shall make the elec-
tion, whether a majority of the whole vote or
uot. If a majority of those voting make an
election, the election cannot be prevented by
electors absenting themselves. But still it
may be prevented by scattering and by voting
for inelig.ble candidates. As I understand it,
in the State of New Hampshire-*-1 am not
very conversant with it, i merely refer to it as
an example—the rule is that the majority of
those voting is required to elect a Governor
and members of the Legislature. But if by
scattering a majority of those voting is not
obtained for any man, what has New Hamp-
shire done to meet the case ? The election is
taken from the people in the case of Governor
and given to the Legislature. In case of
members of the Legislature, as I understand
the rule in that State, if at the first election by
scattering an election is prevented, then it is
remanded to the people and a plurality rule is
put upon them. I should like to have the at-
tention of the Senator from New Hampshire
