1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3909
tinguish between writing-paper and paper
intended for pictorial illustrations? You can-
not ,do it. In order to meet the difficulty we
drew that line. The gentlemen who appeared
before us proposed to provide that sized paper
of certain dimensions, thirty-eight by forty-
four, should be admitted atalowerrate of duty.
When we came to inquire we found that that
kind of paper was of the very dimensions and
shape and form which would admit paper for
certain publications at a lower rate of duty
and exclude others. Othef pictorials might
be published on paper a little smaller or a
little larger, and they would not have the ben-
efit of this reduction. You have got twodraw
a line by a description of the character of
paper, and you have got to use such words as
will enable the custom-house officers to draw
the line. That between sized and unsized
paper anybody can draw. If he cannot by the
eye he can by the pen, by trying whether it
will blot or not. The duty on sized paper
covers all our fine letter-paper, all the beau-
tiful French paper, the gilt paper, the elegant
paper. It is true that a portion of the cheaper
paper that some use for newspapers is called
sized paper; but take it as rule there is no
other way to divide these two kinds of paper
except by the use of the words "sized" and
" unsized." These words were adopted years
ago, and have been retained ever since.
Suppose we were to yield to the Senator
here and admit all printing-paper at twenty
per cent., sized and unsized, they would bring
in great sheets of sized paper, and cut them
up into note-paper. They may bring it in in
any form and they will at once cut it up into
note-paper, and then you have admitted all
paper at twenty per cent. But the Senator
says we can. provide for that by another pro-
vision. He would say that writing-paper should
be admitted at the old rate of duty, a higher
duty. But how easy it is to convert any form
of sized paper into writing-paper at once by
cutting it up with a shears. The very moment
you bring it in in any form as sized paper, it
could go to any ordinary establishment and be
cut into any form desired for the finest note-
paper. If you permit sized paper to come in
at a lower rate of duty, the finest French paper
that can be imagined would come in in great
sheets and then be cut up by a simple process
into the most beautiful and elegant forms of
paper. You cannot draw the line except by
the words "sized " and " unsized."
To show that no practical eyil has resulted
from this, look at the fact that the very men
that have used the sized printing-paper are
probably the most prosperous newspaper pub-
lishers in the United States of America. Prob-
ably no newspaper periodicals or publications
are so profitable as the illustrated newspapers
printed by the Harper Brothers and by Frank
Leslie. They are highly profitable. They are
made now upon American paper, made upon
paper introduced under the present ad valorem
rate. Now, we hav© given them the benefit
of a reduction ; we have given the cheap print-
ing-paper the benefit of teu per cent,, reduc-
tion; we have given the expensive forms of
sized paper used by them ten per cent., and
if the rate of duty is higher, as a matter of
course they get. the benefit of a greater reduc-
tion. So 011 the French paper and.ali other
forms of paper we have made the same ratable
reduction ; and not only upon that, but upon
books. The present rate of duty upon books
is twenty-five per cent, ad vaiorcm. That, it
is true, is a little less than the duty on some
of the paper that is used. But how many books
are published on sized paper? What propor-
tion of them? Not one in a hundred. Only
the expensive books are published on sized
paper. The ordinary books which are used
every day are on unsized paper,
Mr. NYE. Then why reduce the duty on
them ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Because they can bear a
reduction of ten per cent. They all growl at
that; they all complain of the reduction of ten
per cent.; but it is fair, equal, and just. Why
discriminate and reduce fifty or one hundred
per cent, on one kind of paper used by those
best able to pay the highest rate, and only re-
duce it ten per cent, or nothing at all on un-
sized paper? Why reduce the duty on French
note-paper fromsixty-five to twenty per cent,
and yet refuse to reduce the duty on ordinary
printing-paper, common stuff, ten per cent. ?
You cannot justify it. No, sir; these grada-
tions of paper, these rates, have been fixed
after careful examination, and have been in
force now a number of years, and they should
not be disturbed, especially upon the inter-
ested demand of those who certainly have no
claim at all, because from all the information
we could get the publishers of those periodi-
cals who are compelled to use for their illus-
trations the sized paper, are certainly not
objects of bounty, and do not deserve this re-
duction. You,caonot grant this reduction to
Frank Leslie, or the Harper Brothers, or any
of these men, unless you grant, a reduction on
all writing-paper and newspaper paper intro-
duced into this country; and if you do that
you destroy the paper-mills in every State in
this Union. There is scarcely a State east of
the Mississippi river now that does not make
more or less writing or printing-paper, aud if
you make this sudden reduction ou all forms
of writing-paper you cannot draw the, line, and
you destroy the industry of a great many
people.
Mr. NYE. I undertake to say that there
are no books unless the very cheapest kind of
books that are printed on unsized paper. I
would thank the honorable Senator to find
one.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator will
find that the great body of them are printed
on unsized paper.
Mr. LOGAN. Here is your report. What
kind of paper do you call that?
Mr. S1IKR.MAN. We use the best kind of
paper here.
Mr. LOGAN. That is not unsized paper.
Mr. SHERMAN. If that is so, if these
books are published on this kind of paper,
what harm is there in that?
Mr. NYE. The honorable Senator takes
me up rather shortly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator is
mistaken about the fact. When the Senator
upon his own knowledge states to me that
books are published on sized and not on un-
sized paper. I shall have something to rely
upon.
Mi. NYE. I undertake to say that seven
out of teu books that are published are pub-
lished on sized paper. The honorable Senator
cannot find any book of respectability on un-
sized paper.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know one thing, that
neither sized nor unsized paper is imported to
any considerable extent into this country, that
it is made here, and that this sudden reduction
from fifty-five to twenty per cent, on the rate
of duty would perhaps destroy the making of
paper in this country, which is a very large
industry.
I said before the present rates of duty have
not been unjust; they have not discriminated
unjustly. That is shown by the iact that
neither cheap paper nor expensive paper is
imported to any considerable extent. It is
made in this country. Our mills are enabled
to supply the demand; and if you suddenly
derange the present order of our tariff or the
present rates of duty by arbitrary reduction of
one and a refusal to reduce the other you injure
the business of paper-making in this country.
That is now one of the great industries of the
country. The making of paper and printing
of bopks is one of the largest industries of the
country, and we ought to be very careful not to
make any sudden changes, especially upon the
interested demand of a few persons who are
certainly not objects of bounty.
The bill, as reported by the committee, does
give these men a fair and ratable ten per cent,
redaction all around without disturbing the
relative rates of duty paid by different forms
of paper; and the striking out of our tariff
of the words "sized" and "unsized" will dis-
turb all the arrangements by which printing-
paper and writing-paper can be distinguished
from each other, and by which high-priced
paper and low-priced paper are distinguished
in our tariff laws.
I trust, therefore, as the Committee on Fi-
nance have certainly listened to all these par-
ties, and have made this ratable reduction all
around, observing the old form of the tariff, it
will not be disturbed.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to detain
the Seuate ; but there are some portionsofthe
argument of the Senator from Ohio that I think
can be so easily answered that, I cannot re
frain at least from attempting it. When the
Senator said that the committee had investi-
gated this subject, I supposed they had, and I
.suppose now that they have; but I will say to
the Senator from Ohio that he is mistaken in
his statement that the books which are pub-
lished in this country are not published on
sized paper. Every periodical published in
this country, every tract published by the
Tract Society, every book published by the
Mcthodist Book Concern,every Bible published
by the Bible publishing houses in this country
is published on sized paper. He says -these
publishing concerns are a great interest in
this country. So they are. It is for them
that I speak and not lor Mr. Leslie. Why is
it that the Senator so ingeniously slips in the
name of Mr. Leslie here ? Is that for the pur-
pose of prejudicing votes in the Senate against
this proposition ? Why not meet it fairly ? I
have no interest in Mr. Frank Leslie, no
interest in his paper; nor do I care what he
publishes or what he does not publish. My
interest is, in common with everybody else, to
have fair play. When I tell the Senator that
the duty on sized paper is more than the duty
on a book published on that paper, I but
tell him a fact that he cannot gainsay.
When J tell him that in regard to every Bible
published by the Bible publishing concerns of
this country they have to pay more duty on
the paper on which they publish the Bible
than they would on the leaves after they were
printed in Europe, I but tell him a simple
fact that every man who is conversant with
this trade knows to be true. When I tell him-
that in regard to every tract published by the
American Tract Society the duty that he levies
here as a Senator on the paper is more than
we have to pay for the tract after it is pub-
lished in a foreign country, I tell hira but a
simple fact that he ought to know if he does
not. As chairman of that committee, if he
does not know that fact, it is a fact that he
ought to know.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me, before he sits down, to ask liini a ques-
tion ? Does the Senator understand that books
at large, school-books, for example, and
Bibles, are published oil sized paper?
M-r. LOGAN. I do.
Mr. CONKLING. I would not venture to
put my knowledge against that of my honora-
ble friend, especially about the way the Bible
is published, but if he will inquire of those
engaged in the art, I think he will be satisfied
that it is not so.
Mr. LOGAN. That is exactly what I have
done. I have not been to Mr. Leslie for my
information.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand, and if I
am wrong I beg the Senator to correct me,
that a Bible, for example, printed upon sized
paper is not only an exceptional book, but a
book of so high a grade that it is regarded as
an elegant book, and that the great body of
Bibles, of school-books, and ofstandard works
are not at all published upon sized paper, and
when they are they are noticeable for that fact.
