THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
words " for the term of five years," "unless
sooner removed by the President, for reasons
communicated by him to the Senate.''
Mr. Speaker, the amendment I propose with-
draws from the President the powerto remove
without cause. The general laws are sufficient
to secure the removal of an improper person
from office; and the conferring of the power
of removal upon the President is one of the
evils sought to be removed by the great move-
ment now pervading the whole country in favor
of civil service reform. There can be no use
in talking of reforming the civil service while
every bill we pass confers upon the President
this extraordinary power. The bill, as it now
stands, confers upon the President power to
appoint., by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, this important officer for a term
of five years, unless sooner removed from
office by the President. The general laws of
the land provide the mode in which he shall be
removed from the office. But this section invests
the President with the power of removing
absolutely, simply signifying to the Senate his
reasons for doing so, and not that he is pre
pared to remove the officer with the consent
of the Senate.
Mr. W1LLARD. It seems to me that the
proposition of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] is entirely correct, that this
officer should be left in precisely the same
position as all other officers appointed by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate;
that his removal should be left to the opera-
tion of the tenure-of-oflice law, whatever its
force now may be. If the President, under
that law, may remove without giving reasons,
all very well. If he cannot remove without
giving reasons, perhaps it is better—at all
events, I think it better to put it in that way
than to leave it in the way in which it stands
in the bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holmax.]
Mr. MAYNARD. What will be the effect
of that amendment? How will that part of
the section read if amended as proposed by
the gentleman from Indiana?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk
will read it as it would be amended if the words
indicated in the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana were stricken out.
The Clerk read as follows:
He shall be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, and shall
hold his office for the term oi fivo years.
Mr. DAWES. Anyhow! [Laughter.] May
I move to amend by adding the word "any-
how?"
The SPE AKER pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
66, noes 42; no quorum voting.
Mr. DOX. Let us have the yeas and nays
on it.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A quorum
not having voted, the Chair will order tellers.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kei.-
ley] and the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Hoi.man] will act as tellers.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 55, nees CD.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is an important mat-
ter in its relation fo tbe question of civil
service reform, and I must ask tbe yeas and
nays on it.
The yeas aud nays were ordered.
The question was taken : and if was decided
in the negative—-yeas 58, nays 103, not voting
77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
biggs, Braxton, Bright, Caldwell, Cox.Dox, Du Bose,
Duke, Jbldridge, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Getz
Hitmbleton. Uandley, Harper, John T. Ilariis
Hernilon, Hibbard, ilolnian, Kerr, Leach, Lewis
Marshall, MeHenry, Molmyre, Merrick;'Moore'
Niblack, llosea W. Paris or, Eli Perry, Randall
Head, Edward Y. Rice, Johr. M. like, Roger:-, Uoo?v-
' volt, Sherwood, Slater,Slocum, Sloss,Stevens, Storm,
, Swfinn, Terry, Dwielit Townsend. Tuthill, Van
: Trump, Vaujrhan, Wnddell, Wells, Willard. Wil-
: liams of New York, Winchester, and Wood—58.
j NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Barber, Barry, Ucatty,
I Beveridge, Bird, Austin Blair, James G. Blair,
George M. Brooks, Buckley, BuQinton, Burchard,
! Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick It. Butler,
I Coburn, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton, Crcbs, Creely,
I Critcher, Crossland. Dawes. Dickey,Donnan, Duel),
I Bunnell. Eames, Ely, Finkelnburs?, Wilder D.
; Foster, Frye, Marfiekl, Goodrich, Griffith, Halo,
I Hiirmer, George I!. Harris, llavens. Hay. Gerry
! W. IJazleton, John W. Hazleton, Hoar, Hooper,
; Houghton, Kellev. Kcllofrs, Ketchani. Lamport,
i Lansing, Lowe. Mavnard, McClelland, McOormick,
! McCrary, McKee, Mercur, Merriam, Benjamin F.
I Meyers, Monroe, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr,
i Packard, Packer, Palmer, Peek, Perce, Piatt. Por-
i ter. Potter, Prmdle, Ellis H. Roberts, Busk, Sco-
'■ field. Seeley. Sheldon, Shellabarger, II. Boardman
I Smith, John A. Smith, Snapp. Snyder, Thomas J.
' Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevenson, Strong,
i Tatie, Thomas, Washington Town send, Turner,
j Twicheli, Tvner, Upson, Walden, Wallace, Wheeler,
White!ey. Whitthorne, Williams of Indiana, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—103.
j NOT VOTING!—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks,
! Barnum.Beck, Bell. Bigby, Bingham, James Brooks,
i Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Cobb, Comingo, Conner,
I Darrall, Davis, DeLaige, Edwards, Elliott, Farcs-
' worth, Earwell, Forker, Chafes Foster, Golladay,
Haldeman. Halsey, Hancock, Hanks. Hawley, Hays,
Hereford, Hill, Kendall, Killinger, King. Kinsella,
Lamison, Lynch. Manson, McUrow, McJunkin, Mc-
Kinney, McNeely, Mitchell, Morey, Morgan, Mor-
phis, Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry,
Peters, Poland, Price, Ra-iney, Ritchie, William It.
Roberts, Robinson. Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks, Sho-
ber, Shoemaker, Worthington C. Smith, R.Milton
Speer, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John. Sutherland,
Sypher, Voorhees, Wakeman. Waldron, Walls, War-
ren, Washburn, andYoung—77.
So the amendment was rejected.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Stmpsox,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a resolution of thanks to
the Governor, and through him to the people
of the State of Rhode Island and Providence
! Plantations, for the statue of Roger Williams,
and accepting the same, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
mists, assay offices, etc.
The question recurred upon Mr. Mayxard's
amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 move pro forma to
strike out the last word, and I do it for the
purpose of calling the attention of the House
to the third section of the bill, which I will ask
the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 3. That the officers of each mint shall be a
superintendent, an assayer, a melter and refiner,
anil a coiner, and for the Mint at Philadelphia an
engraver, all to be appointed bythePresidentofthe
i United States, by and with the advice and consent
l of the Senate.
| Mr. MAYNARD. The object of my amend-
; roent is to have the appointment of the head
i of this bureau in the same condition as
the appointment of the officers provided for
in that third section. As I liave already
' remarked, if there is anything in what is
' called "reform of the civil service," it is that
|j it is desirable to give competent and efficient
r officers permanence in their respective places.
! I would strike out this provision in the first
!; scction limiting the term of office to five
j: years, which would make the office at the end
^ of five years a bone of contention and an
I object of suite. If my amendment, be adopted.
| an officer who has proved competent, efficient,
j and faithful, will lemain in his office, as is pro-
vided in reference to these offices included
j; in the third section. That, as I understand it,
is the essence, the quintessence, the marrow,
;j the meaning, if there is a meaning, of what
is called the reform of the civil service. It is
j' to prevent the continual teiminating of the
! terms of honest and effic.ent men, and sub-
1 stituting others who may not be so efficient.
.1 I now withdraw my amendment to the amend-
■ | tneut.
Mr. WILL AUD. I suggest to the gentle-
man that, he move to insert, in place of the
■ ' words which he proposes to strike out, these
' words, '' ami shall hold his office during good
' behavior,"
Mr. MAYNARD. _ I hare no objection to
that; it will accomplish the same end. It is
in the diiection of my amendment.
Mr. WILLARD. 1 move, then, as an amend-
ment to the amendment pioposed by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, to insett, in p ace of
the words to be stricken out, the words " and
shall hold his office during good behavior."
Mr. KELLEY. Does the gentleman mean
to say that he shall hold his office for five
years, and during good behanor?
Mr. WILLARD. No, sir ; the gentleman
from Tennessee proposes to strike out thciive
years. My reason for making this motion is
that it will put the hill in the form in which I
think it ought to be, and in which the gentle-
man from Tennessee desires it to he
The question was taken upon Mr. Wn,-
lard's amendment to the amendment; and
it was disagreed to—ayes fourteen, noes not
counted.
The question recurred upon Mr. Mayxard's
amendment; and beingput, it was disagreed to.
The Clgrk resumed the reading of the bill.
The twelfth section was read, as follows :
Sec. 12. That there shall be allowed to the Director
of the Mint an annual salary of £5,500, and necessary
traveling expenses in visiting the. different mints
andas*ay offices; to the superintendents of the mints
at Philadelphia and San Francisco, each $5,000: to
the assayers, melters and refiners, and coiners of
those mints, each S3.500; to tbe engraver of the Mint
at Philadelphia, S3,500; to the superintendent of the
mint at Carson City, and all other mints now estab-
lished, or hereafter to be established, an annual sal-
ary of not exceeding 63,j00; and to the assajcr,
melter and refiner, and coiner of such institutions,
each a salary of not exceedmgSS 000, the amount of
such salaries to be determined by the Secretary of
the Treasury : to the assistants and clerks-uch an-
nual salaries shall be allowed as the Director of the
Mint may determine, with the approbation of the
Secretary of the Treasury; and to the workmen shall
be allowed such wages, to be determined by the super-
intendent, as may be customary and reasonable,
according to their respective stations and occupa-
tions, and approved by the Director of the Mint;
and tbe salaries provided for in this section, and the
wages of theworkm'en permanently engaged, shall
be payable in monthly installments.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to strike
out that section. I make the motion not be-
cause I thtnk it ought to be stricken out with-
out something being substituted for it, but
because in the short time I have had to look at
it I have not been able to prepare such amend-
ments as ought to be offered. Here is a gen-
eral and sweeping increase of salaries. For
-instance, the salary of the first officer named in
the bill is increased over and above what the
Director of the Mint at Philadelphia nowgets,
$1,000 per annum, with a general sweeping,
roving commission for expenses of travel to
the other mints. All the lower officers, I be-
lieve every one with a single exception that 1
have noticed, have a considerable increase in
their salaries by a sweeping clause, wiiich
takes in all tbe persons attached to the various
branch mints, and in a single sentence in-
creases their salaries. I do nst believe the
House is willing in this general wholesale way,
in what purports to be merely a eodificat'on
of existing laws, a consolidation of then, to
raise the salaries of a large number of officers
scattered ali over the country, at the different
mints and assay offices that have alie tdy been
established.
I have only had time to run over I he h-adi"g
officers and their salaries as compare i with
the amounts exhibited in the estimates for
appropriations for the salaries of the same
officers, but in every instance 1 see a consider-
able inctease of salary, if you put up ono
salary in one department, beyond what it has
been hitherto, unless you have graded it and
considered it, relatively to all other oflieeis of
the Government of a ,-itnii.ir grade, yon will
set, every one of them on to have their salaries
raised.
For instance, I observe, as I said before, that
the person put down here as Director lias his
salary increased $1,000 a year, together with
a general roving commission to travel, and to
have his traveling expenses pa;d. There is
