2118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
entitled'" An act to regulate the carriage of
passengers in steamships and other vessels,"
approved March 3, 1855—to the Committee on
Commerce.
richard b. crawford.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents a message from the House of Represent-
atives asking for a conference committee on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on a
pension bill—the bill (H. R. No. 022) giant-
ing a pension to Richard B. Crawford. The
point at issue is whether the pension shall date
back or commence only at the passage of the
act. The House of Representatives have asked
for a conference with the Senate on that par-
ticular point in reference to a great many other
pension bills.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If it were not disrespect-
ful to the House, I would move under existing
circumstances that we adhere.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Perhaps it might be
thought a little severe ; and therefote i move
simply that we insist on our amendments and
agree to the conference.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. IIow shall the
committee be appointed?
Several Senators. By the Chair.
There being no objection, the Vice President
was authorized to appoint the conferees on the
part of the Senate; and Messrs Edmunds,
Pratt, and Saulsbury were appointed.
potojuc kui.koad depot.
The bill (II. R. No. 2187) to confirm the
action of the board of aldermen and common
council of the city of Washington, designating
a depot site for the Baltimore and Potomac
Railroad Company, and for other purposes;
was read twice by us title.
Mr. PAT PERSON. I move that that bill be
referred to the Committee on the Distiiet of
Columbia.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend that motion by referring it, to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds ; but
meantime 1 wish to say that after conference
with my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mi-. Cam-
eron,] 1 desire to have it remain upon the
table until Tuesday, when I think perhaps an
arrangement vvdl be made that will be sat is-
iactory.
Mr. PATTERSON. I have no objection to
that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will lie
on the table for the present, and the two mo-
tions for reference will be regarded as pending
unless withdrawn at that tune. The Chair
understands that on Tuesday morning, after
the reading of the Journal, he is again to pre-
sent this lor reference.
Mr. MOItRILL, of Vermont. After the
morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair had
better present it at the time stated by the
twenty-fourth rule, immediately after the
reading of the Journal, and it can then be
postponed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
present it on Tuesday next for reference, as
if then received from the House of Repre-
sentatives. The bill will in the mean time be
printed.
correction.
Mr. COLE. I wish to make a correction
in the Globe. I spoke of the absence of my
colleague from his seat yesterday, and of my
having received a note from him. I am re-
ported as having stated that he desired to be
present for the purpose of proposing amend-
ments to abill. What I intended to state, and
■what, I think I did state, was that lie desired
to be present for the purpose of lending his
assistance to the bill, as he was in favor of the j,
mcasuie, and that was the object of my mak- n
ing the allusion to his absence yesterday. I
am not aware that he intends to propose any
amendments. I know him to be in favor of
the bill (S. No. 49) relative to the Australian
mail steamship service. Hb desiring to be
present was the occasion of my postponing
calling it up yesterday.
PETITIONS AND JIEJIpRIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of
William P. Ross, William P. Adair, C. N.
Vaun, and others, in the interest of the In-
dian nations, protesting against the amend-
ment to the bill (H. It. No. 1192) providing
" for the survey of tbe exterior boundaries of
Indian reservations and subdividing portions
of tbe same;" which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petitions of
R D. Hicks and of William A. Schoolan,
of Bibb county, Alabama, praying for the
removal of their political disabilities; which
were referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. COLE. I am furnished by mail with
an authenticated copy of a resolution passed
by the board of trustees of the city of Sacra-
mento. I ask that it be read and referred
io the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the board of trustees of the city
of Sacrament,o will donate and deliver one hundred
and sixty feet square of the southwest corner of tbe
public square between I and J, Ninth and Tenth
streets, in the city of Sacramento, (or so much of
said square as mav bo needed.) to the General Uov-
ernuient of the. United Stales for the purpose of
erecting thereon a post office, laud office, and other
public buildings.
Office Board Trustees of Sacramento,
Sacramento, March ■£,, 1872.
I do hereby certify that a,t a regular meeting of
the board ot trustees of the city of Sacramento,
held this day, theabovo resolution was passed, and
t.ho_ mayor instructed to forward a copy to the dele-
gation in Congress.
[L. s.l JOHN McCLINTOCK, Clerk.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. FENTON. I present a memorial in
the nature of a protest from citizens of Cayuga
county, New York, against the reduction of
the duty on wool.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Finance
Committee have reported on all these subjects,
and the taiiff bill has now been laid on the
table of the House of Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will make a constitu-
tional inquiry, whether it is constitutional for
the Senate to receive a petition of that char-
acter; whether it must not be presented in the
House of Representatives? [Laughter.] It
seems wa have lost all our privileges.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be a
question for theSenate to decide, as the Chair
is prohibited by the Manual from deciding
questions of that kind as questions of order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I waive the question.
Mr. FENTON. I move that this memorial
lie on the table for the present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As the tariff
bill is now ended apparently by the action of
the House, the Senator can have the memorial
referred to the Committee on Finance for new
action, if he desires.
Mr. FENTON. Let it lie on the table.
It was ordered that the memorial lie on the
table.
_ Mr. SCOTT. I present a remonstrance of
citizens residing at Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio,
against the proposed reduction of the duty on
earthenware and stoneware, and a similar peti-
tion from citizens of Philadelphia. That sub-
ject is between heaven and earth, and I do
not know where to have these petitions referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
desires to reopen the subject before the Finance
Committee, the House ot' Representatives hav-
ing acted upon the amendments sent from the
Senate to their hill, he can refer them to the
i liiance Committee or lay them on the table.
Mr. SCOTT. Let them go to the Finance
Committee.
The memorials were so referred. ■
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I trust the
resolution of the House of Representatives on
that subject will be referred to the Finance
Committee as the chairman of the committee
is now absent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont desires that the resolution of
the House of Representatives in regard to the
tariff question be referred to the Finance Com-
mittee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope that will not be
done at present. I think it had better lie for
a day or two.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would require
unanimous consent now during the call for
petitions and memorials.
Mr. LEWIS presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Rockbridge, county, Virginia, remon-
strating against a change of the existing tariff
laws abating or abolishing duties upon such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country ; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
additional papers lelating to the claim of
Edwaid N. Calvert for property converted
and destroyed by the military authorities dur-
ing the late war : which were referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of
Ormrod C. Evans, of New York, praying for
an extension of his patent known as Evans's
American terracultor, or rotary digger, for
revolutionizing the culture of the earth ; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
marine hospital report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
received a brief letter from the Secretary of
the Treasury directing the attention of the
Senate to errors in the piioted report of the
supervising surgeon of the United States ma-
rine hospitals, which he states misled theSen-
ate in a debate upon that report. It is brief,
and will be read by the Secretary in full.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
Teeasury Department, April 2,1872.
Sir: I desire to invite attention to an error in the
printed report of the supervising surgeon of the
united Statesmarine hospital service, recently pub-
lished in compliance with a resolution of tbe Senate.
Ttie words "location of hospitals," which occur
lour timesm tbe printed rep >rt, are not used in the
original transmitted to the Senate, and were printed
without the authority of the Department.
The words referred to are calculated to create an
erroneous impression, and did mislead theSenate in
its consideration of the report in question. The
names of the ports where hospital tax was collected
are given m the body of the report, as well as those
where hospital relief was furnished.
By reference to the nummary it will be seen that
tax was collected atone hundred and nineteen ports,
and hospital relief furnished at seventy-five ports.
I am, very respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Vice President of the United
states, und President of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. It may be remembered that in
the debate on the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill some Senator, I
do not remember now who it was, took it for
granted that all those places in which a hospital
tax was collected, amounting to nearly one
hundred and fifty, were the locations of marine
hospitals. It was represented here that the
report of the superintending surgeon set forth
that so many marine hospitals were in exist-,
ence, whereas the number is very much less,
only I think about twenty-five, and the state-
ment just read shows that toe criticism was
unfounded, as it certainly was, and resulted
from what occurred in the Printing Office in
fixing a heading to the list of marine hospitals.
It is but just that the correction should be made.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. This requires no
legislative action. It will be laid on the table,
and printed.
reports of com11itti5e3.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (8.
