1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
42d Cong-....2d Sess.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Pool.
Senate.
of by ballot? It would be quite as easy for
the members of the Legislature to write upon
a slip of paper the name of the man they
desired to name for the Senate and have it
placed in a box, after the manner that we in
the Senate upon a recent occasion voted for a
committee. When Congress required the vot-
ing to be viva voce, they placed the electors
under the common-law rule, and prevented
their causing a failure to elect by voting for
an ineligible candidate. Congress took no
other means to prevent such failure.
But, Mr. President, while I am on that point
I do not know that I entirely agree that it
requires upon the first day a quorum in each
branch before an election for Senator may be
gone into. I am not so entirely sure that the
act of Congress requires it. It is true that
nothing is said about it; it is true that under
the constitution of North Carolina there must
be a majority of the members of either house
actually present befoie they can proceed to
business, actually present, not legally pres-
ent. And 1 would draw a distinction if it
be not too fine between actual presence and
legal presence. When the roll is called for a
vote upon any bill pending, there may be an
actual presence of a majority of the members,
but if a majority does not vote their legal
presence is not disclosed. They may be ac-
tually present and not legally present.. The
constitution of North Carolina provides that
there shall be a majority of both houses ac-
tually present to constitute a quorum.
But, not making a point upon that distinc-
tion, suppose that it should be understood by
the members of the Legislature of any State
that voting for United States Senator is not
legislative business. By the act of Congress
they are required on the first day to ballot.
The respective houses assemble, and the
speaker announces that it is in order to go into
tne election. Is it necessary first to call the
roll I.o see whether a quorum is present? I
suppose it is not. Suppose, then, each mem-
ber present is called, and under the act of
Congress he names one person for United
States Senator, and it turns out that a major-
ity of those voting vote tor the same man, hut
that a majority of the whole fails to vote at
all. The terms of the act are complied with,
a certain individual has received a major-
ity of all the votes cast. Must it not go on
the journal that A B has received a major-
ity of all the votes cast? Can you stop the
proceedings and go into an inquiry about a
quorum not being present? I should think
not. I should think it would have to be
entered upon the journal that A B on that
ballot received a majority ot all the votes
cast. Suppose the same thing should occur
in each house. Then when they meet on the
second day, what must be the announcement?
Call it be other than that it appears by_ the
journal of each house that A B has received
a majority of all the votes cast in each house
respectively? Can the joint convention stop
to inquire into the question of a quorum ?
Wha'. does the act say? It says, in substance,
that it It shall appear that the same person has
received a majority of all the votes cast in
each house, the joint assembly shall proceed
to declare such person elected.
I submit this view not for the purpose of
straining the point to any extent, but rather for
the purpose of suggesting that perhaps it may
not be so clear that a quorum is required to
be present at an election for United States
Senator. But suppose there should be a quo-
rum actually present, is it indispensable that
they vote? I see nothing in the law that re-
quires .them to manifest their presence by
voting. There is nothing in the law of North
Carolina that would require it. There is noth-
ing, as far as I can see, in the act of Congress
that would require it.
The rule upon the subject of voting; for can-
didates who are ineligible being settled, I know
of no reason why it should not apply to the
case of an election of Senators of the United
States, i know of no reason why it should
not apply in this country as wellas in England,
it has been said by Senators who have argued
this question on the other side that it is con-
trary to the spirit of our institutions ; that the
English rule should not be allowed to prevail
in tnis country. 1 know of no reason on earth
why the English tule upon the subject of pre-
venting the failure of an election by voting for
ineligible candidates should not prevail as well
as tue English rules of the common law upon
any other subject. Especially in the case of
an election for Senators ought the rule to be
applied. In popular elections the franchise is
a kind of privilege, but m a senatorial election
it is an obligation imposed upon the elector by
law ; it is a solemn duty which he has no right
to disiegard, and the result of which he has no
right to put in jeopatdy, either by willfully
scattering votes or by voting for a candidate
who is ineligible.
But it is said that there is no precedent in
the House of Representatives and no prece-
dent in the Senate showing that a minority
candidate was ever seated, and that we are
about to set the precedent tor the first time.
That, I understand, is alleged as a reason why
we ought not to apply the rule in this case.
Why, Mr. President, there could not be a
precedent in the other House if I am right in
stating the rule. If the Senator trom Wis
cousin and myself are light in saying that it
only applies to elections vioa voce, there could
not be a case of seating a minority candidate
in the other House, because the elections for
its members are by ballot in all the States.
But was there ever a case in the other House
in which the knowledge of the ineligibility ot
the majority candidate was brought home to
a majority of the electors? Sir, I think I
can say witli entire safety that there has never
been such a case before the Senate. I he
point has never, unt.il this case, been raised,
and I believe that 1 may safely say here, speak-
ing in the light of history, that this is the first
instance in wnich it was ever shown that the
electors had voted for a person for Senator,
knowing lnm to be ineligible to the position,
in the. whole history of this country when, on
any oLher occasion, did a Legislature commit
the folly, not to use a stronger term, of delib-
erately and knowingly voting for a man for the
important office ot a Uniled States benator,
knowing at the time that he could not occupy
the seat under the Constitution of his country ?
But it is urged that Mr. Vance's disabilities
might be removed. It is veiy likely that
members of the Legislature supposed that his
di-abilities would be removed. But what has
that to do with this question? It is said that
ot hers have been relieved in North Carolina
and held the offices to which they had been
previously elected. Very true, and very prop-
erly. Congress has been in the habit of re-
moving disabilities. But suppose Vance's dis-
abilities had been removed, does that alter
the question? If General Abbott was elected
he became entitled to the seat. If the pro-
ceeding in which General Abbott and Mr.
Vance were both voted for resulted under the
rules of law in the election of Abbott, and he
comes forward and asserts his claim before the
Senate, he asserts his claim to a vested right,
and no relieving of Governor Vance from dis-
ability could relate back to divest Abbott of
that right. It might have complicated the
question and thrown mist around it in the
Senate; but it would not have altered the
legal rights of Mr. Abbott, nor would it have
changed in the slightest degree the duty of this
tribunal in declaring those legal rights, one
way or the other.
We are reminded that the Governor of North
Carolina and various members of the Legisla-
ture and other minor officers of the State wera
relieved after they wer.e elected, and that it re-
lated back and they were allowed to take their
places. That .was right. Why? Because no
minority candidate had any right intervening ;
there was no vested right in any minority
candidate. The Governor of North Carolina
was elected at a popular election, not a viva
voce election. There is no allegation that a
majority of the electors knew that he was
laboring under disability. For both these rea-
sons there was no minority right in the case at
all; no minority man had any right that could
be trespassed upon by allowing the relief to
relate back.
When the Governor elect of the State and
members of the Legislature and county clerks
and county sheriffs were relieved, there being
no minority candidates having rights, the
relief was allowed to relate back. But the
relief of a person who has received a major-
ity vote being ineligible and his ineligibility
being known to the electors at an election
vioa voce, cannot relate back if the minor-
ity candidate comes forward and asserts his
rights; because they are vested, and there is
no power m this Government that can divest
them.
Mr. POMEROY. I should be sorry to in-
terrupt the Senator if it would be disagreeable
to him; and if he does not desire to be inter-
rupted, I will not ask the question which I
have risen to ask.
Mr. POOL. I have no objection.
Mr. POMEROY. I have been wanting to ask
the Senator a question, sympathizing as 1 did
with him in the argument. As be has said t his
was a legislative act, I want to ask the Senator
if those men who voted for .Mr. Abbott could
have performed any other legislative act under
the constitution of Nonh Carolina and under
the organization of the Legislature? Could
those identical men voting together on any
other question have done any legislative act?
Mr. POOL You mean in the absence of
all those who voted for Vance?
Mr. POMEROY. No; the others being
present and not acting.
Air. POOL. If the others had been present
it would have been an actual presence under
i,ho constitution of North Carolina. Whether
a majority of all being actually present, a dis-
closure upon a vole taken on any bill pending
that they were not legally present, would pre-
vent the bill passing, is a question that 1 am
not prepared at this moment to decide, and
about which I have senous doubts. My im-
pression is that the speaker of the house would
remedy that by compelling those who were
actually present to make known their legal
presence under the rules of the house.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Butthe point is, suppose
he did not do that, and suppose, therefore, the
journal should show that a minority voted for
the bill and the majority being present did not
vote either way, and it was sent to the Gov-
ernor and signed, would it be a valid law ?
That is the point.
Mr. POOL. Suppose a stronger case even
than that; suppose when the first man on the
roll is called to vote on a bill he rises and asks
to be excused and is excused, and it goes upon
the journal, and his legal as well as actual
presence is apparent, and the second man
does the same, and the third man the same,
and so on, until you come to the last man oil
the roll, and he votes yea; is the bill passed?
Mr. POMEKOY. That is what I want to
know.
Mr. POOL. I am not prepared to say.
May it not depend on the rules of the body ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Allow me to in ten upt
the Senator for a moment. If the constitution
of North Carolina provided that a bill should
