1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1223
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The petition of
Clarrissa Whiting, of Pall River, Massachu-
setts, widow of Lewis Whiting, a soldier of
the -war of 1812, praying for a pension.
By Mr. COGHLAN: The memorial of
David Sinclair and others, praying that the
pay of mates in the United States Navy on
Pacific stations be increased.
Also, the memorial of Commander Ousting
and others, praying the passage of a law for
the relief of the captors of the rebel iron-clad
Albemarle.
By Mr. DONNAN: The petition of Sher-
borrn & Son, publishers of a newspaper at Lan-
sing, Iowa, asking an amendment to the postal
laws.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of Hon. G.
Sniper, Colonel N. Grumbach, and 37 others,
citizens of Onondaga county, New York, pro-
testing against the reduction of duties upon
foreign salt, and setting forth that the inci-
dental protection afforded to the domestic
manufacturers of salt during the last ten years
has furnished the consumers with an article
equal to the best in the world, and at more
uniform and reasonable prices than would
have ruled if the public had been dependent
upon foreign supplies.
Also, the petition of the workers in the
Onondaga pottery at Geddes, New York,
remonstrating against a change of the tariff"
laws abating or abolishing duties upon such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country, and asking for the repeal of all duties
upon tea and coffee.
By Mr. DUNNELL: The petition of 0. G.
Wall, for a change of the postal laws.
Also, the petition of Hederic Ellis and 18
others, of Minnesota, late soldiers in the Union
Array, asking equalization of bounties.
Also, the petition of Samuel M. Meachase
and 38 others, of Minnesota ; of John G.
Mary and 30 others; of Thomas Tollingter
and 48 others; and of E. G. Butts and 48
others, for the same object.
Also, the memorial of the State of Minne-
sota, asking for relief to Richard G. Murphy.
By Mr. EAMES: The petition of J. N. A.
Griswold and 88 others, for an appropriation
for dredging and deepening the harbor of
Newport, in tbe State of Rhode Island.
By Mr. FINKLENBURG: The petition of
E. I. Ellis, publisher of the Crawford County
Sentinel, for the reduction of postage on trans-
portation of newspapers in bulk from a central
printing office to a local publishing office.
By Mr. FRYE: The petition of A. H, Glas-
gin and 340 others, in favor of the speedy pas-
sage of the bill presented by Hon. Charles
Sumner as supplementary to the civil rights
bill.
By Mr. GARRETT: The petition of J. T.
Iiirklin, praying Congress to so amend the
postal laws that all persons known as regular
publishers and dealers in newspapers and peri-
odicals may receive by mail such quantities of
either as they may require in bulk, whether
wholly or in part printed, and pay the postage
thereon as received, at the same rates pro rata
as regular subscribers to publications weighing
four ounces, who pay quarterly in advance.
By Mr. HALE: The petitions of James
Roberts, E. P. Walker. S. W. Fifield, H. B. !
Lane, Robert Long, Robert Jones, D. H. 1
Willard, and 183 others, shipmasters, owners, !
and citizens of Vinalbaven and St. George,
Maine, praying that a light-house be erected
on Two-bush island, at the entrance of Penob-
scot bay, in that State.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia: The petition
of the Old Blacklick Baptist church, Fairfax
county, Virginia, praying compensation for the
destruction of their church by the Union Army
as a military necessity.
By Mr. HAVENS: The petitions of the
publishers of tbe Illinois Republican, Green-
field (Missouri) Vidette, Buffalo (Missouri)
Reflex, and Ozark (Missouri) Monitor, for
certain additional mail facilities.
By Mr. HIBBARD: The remonstrance of
the Whitney Sewing-Machine Company,against
an extension of letters-patent granted to Allen
B. Wilson, November 12, 1850.
Also, the remonstrance of the Globe Sewing-
Machine Company, against an extension of
said letters-patent granted to Allen B. Wilson,
November 12, 1850.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Laban Heath, in relation to the
publication of Heath's United States Bond
and Currency Counterfeit Detective.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of Oster-
werz & Oppeuheimer and others, of New
Haven, Connecticut, for an increase of duty
on imported cigars.
By Mr. LOWE: The petition of W. H.
Morgan, for amendment of section one hun-
dred and sixty-two of the bill for the codifica-
tion of the postal laws.
Also, the petition of John Peck and 131
others, in favor of the supplementary civil
rights bill presented by Hon. Charles Sumxer.
By Mr. LYNCH: A petition of soldiers of
Maine, asking an additional allowance for ser-
vices during the rebellion.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of
S. L. Wilson and 103 others, soldiers of the late
Union Army, citizens of Washington county,
Pennsylvania, for the equalization of bounties.
By Mr. McHENRY: The memorial of sol-
diers of Breckinridge county, Kentucky, pray-
ing for bounty land.
By Mr. McJUNKIN: The petition of Dan-
iel Beatty, a blind and dependent brother of
William and John A. Beatty, who were sol-
diers in the Union Army in the war of the
rebellion, and who died in the military service
of the United States, praying the passage of
an act granting bira a pension.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of 45 citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, and late soldiers of the
United States Army, praying for the passage
of a law giving a bounty of $8 33J- per month
to all honorably discharged soldiers, sailors,
and marines who served in the Army of tbe
United States during the suppression of the
late rebellion ; also, to give to them land with-
out the requirements of settlement and culti-
vation.
By Mr. MITCHELL: The petition of James
J. Hagerman and 510 others, workers in the
iron-works of the Milwaukee Iron Company,
and citizens of Bay View, Milwaukee county,
Wiscousin, remonstrating against a change of
the existing tariff laws abating or abolishing
duties upon such articles as are successfully
produced in this country.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The memorial of J.
W. Robb aud 90 others, citizens of Posey
county, Indiana, remonstrating against any
proposed amendment to the Constitution by
which any particular form of religion shall be
recognized over others.
By Mr. PACKER: The petition of Hugh
McKeown, Jeffrey McGrath, and 280 others,
citizens of Locust Gap, Pennsylvania, and
workers in the mines, praying that the import
duty on bituminous coal be permitted to re-
main as at present, and protesting against any
reduction of the same.
Also, the petition of 87 citizens of the bor-
ough of Millersburg, county of Dauphin, Penn-
sylvania, workers iu iron Imd coal and manu-
facturers of lumber, praying a repeal of all
duties upon tea, coffee, and such other articles
of necessity or comfort as cannot be produced
in the United States, that duties shall be so 1
adjusted as to encourage and defend every j
home industry, and to foster the honor and
interests of the American laborer, and remon-
strating against a change in the existing tariff
laws abating or abolishing duties upon such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country.
Also, the petition of 1-52 citizens of Muncy,
Lycoming county, Pennsylvania, workers_ in
iron and other American industries, praying
a repeal of all duties upon tea, coffee, and
such other articles of necessity or comfort as
cannot be produced in the United States, that
duties shall be so adjusted as to encourage and
defend every home industry, and to foster the
honor and interests of the American laborer,
and remonstrating against a change in the
existing tariff laws abating or abolishing duties
upon such articles as are successfully pro-
duced in this country.
Also, the petition of 43 citizens of Lycom-
ing county, Pennsylvania, workers in the Cres-
cent iron and nail works, praying a repeal of
all duties upon tea, coffee, and such other
articles of necessity or comfort as cannot be
produced in the United States, that duties
shall be so adjusted as to encourage and de-
fend every home industry, and to foster tie
honor and interests of the American laborer,
and remonstrating against a change in the
existing tariff laws abating or abolishing duties
upon such articles as are successfully pro-
duced iu this country.
Also, the petition of 89 citizens of Harris-
burg, Pennsylvania, workers in the Harrisburg
furnace, praying a repeal of all duties upon
tea, coffee, and such other articles of necessity
or comfort as cannot be produced in the Uni-
ted States, that duties shall be so adjusted as
to encourage and defend every home industry,
and to foster the honor and interests of the
American laborer, and remonstrating against
a change in the existing tariff laws abating or
abolishing duties upon such articles as are
successfully produced in this country.
By Mr. PARKER, of Missouri: The peti-
tion of John D. Dopp and A. B. McChany,
publishers of the Atchison County Journal,
at Rockport, Missouri, praying a modification
of the postal laws relative to the transmission
of newspapers through the mail.
Also, the petition of Rochen & McCabe,
William N. Price, Lohn Tobacco Company,
Hammer & Harmon, and many other firms iu
St. Louis, Missouri, praying a uniform tax on
all descriptions of manufactured tobacco.
By Mr. PENDLETON: The memorial of
citizens of Rhode Island, asking that a life-
boat station be established on Block Island.
•By Mr. PLATT: The petition of Samuel S.
Dennis, of Norfolk, Virginia, for payment for
damages inflicted by United States soldiers.
Also, the petition of C. B. Dailey, T. H.
Syplierd, L. S. Abbott, C. H. Buxton, -G. B.
Whiting, G. O. Wander, B. F. Shreve, and
others, citizens of Viiginia and the District of
Columbia, for an appropriation to build a free
bridge across the Potomac.
By Mr. PRINDLE : The petition of the pub-
lisher of the Hancock Times, for a change of
the postage laws relating to newspapers and
periodicals.
Also, the petition of Alpheus S. Foote, pub-
lisher of the Bainbridge Republican and the
Otego Record, for a change of the postage
laws relating to newspapers and periodicals.
By Mr. RA1NEY : The petition of William
Ravenel, William C. Bee, John E. Carem, and
others, factors and commission merchants, of
Charleston, South Carolina, praying the reten-
tion of the duty on rice.
By Mr. SAWYER: The petition of John
P. Hume, of Chilton, Wisconsin, asking the
passage of an act that persons known as regu-
lar publishers and dealers in newspapers and
periodicals may receive by mail such quanti-
ties of either as they may require, in bulk,
whether wholly or in part printed, and pay
the postage thereon as received, at tbe same
rates pro rata as regular subscribers to publi-
cations weighing four ounces, who pay quar-
terly in advance.
Also, the petition of B. S. Kilbourne, of
Westfield, Wisconsin, on the same subject.
By Mr. SHERWOOD: The petition of
Captain P. D. Bricber and many others, of
Lycoming county, Pennsylvania, asking the
passage of an act giving to enlisted soldiers
who have an honorable discharge the sum of
$8 33J per month for the entire time served, &c.
