1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3911
Now, I say to the Senator that if this lan-
guage is stricken out,, I will propose an amend-
ment that the ad valorem duty be the same on
both classes of paper. That will equalize it
the same as it is on writing-paper. I will pro-
pose an amendment to except writing-paper,
and if the custom-house officers cannot distin-
guish writing-paper from the paper upon which
books and newspapers are printed, it, is about
time they should learn to distinguish them,
because I can distinguish them myself, as
ignorant as I am on the subject. I will pro
pose that amendment, and place it before the
Senate for them to discuss and fix up so that
they can understand it themselves. My object is
to reduce the tariff on paper, as I said, below
the tariff on books aud printed matter, so as to
give the printers and workmen of our country
in that line a fair chance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am sure
that the Senator from Illinois hardly noticed
the position of he chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finna.ce when he subjected him to some
reproaches. As I looked, he was entirely
surrounded by other members, who were, per-
haps, asking for various points of information.
1 have no sort of doubt but that the chairman
of the Committee on Finance listened with
pleasure, as I always do, to the Senator from
Illinois; but in relation to this matter, even if
it should happen that members of the Finance
Committee should get a little weary of the
subject after having gone over it twice in the
committee aud hearing various delegations,
after having received the representations of the
various parties in interest, in print, and by
letter, it is not a thing to be wondered at.
But in relation to this particular question
that is now before the Senate, I desire to say
that during the war we reduced the duty on
printing-paper for the sole benefit of the news-
pipers of the country; and in relation to
writing-paper I will add that in France an
exportduty is levied upon rags, and that is the
country from which and from Italy we derive
nearly all the rags of the finest quality, suit-
able to make the finest quality of printing or
any other paper, and especially of writing and
aot.e-paper. If, therefore, the duty was to be
reduced upon sized paper to the same point that
it now is upon unsized, I say without any fear
of contradiction it would shut up every single
paper manufactory in this country, unless it
be those that manufacture brown paper, wrap-
ping-paper, and unsized printing-paper.
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senatorallow me to
ask him one question ?
Mr. MORKILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. If there is no disposition on
the part of the committee to reduce the duty
on sized paper to the same rate as that on
unsized paper, is it unreasonable to ask that
it shall be reduced below the duty on books?
Mr MORRILL, of Vermont. I willanswer
the Senator by admitting veiy cheerfully that
there is an anomaly in the tariff in relation to
duty on the paper upon which books are printed
and on books, aud at the present moment our
book publishers are nearly being driven out
of the market in consequence of being ciowded
by the cheap literature from Germany and from
England, liven American tracts are published
in Ireland as well as in England. I should
like to remedy that by a specific duty, because
all ad valorems in relation to books are decep-
tive and fraudulent.
Mr. MOR TON. Will the Senatorallow me
to ask him a question as a member of the com-
mittee ? I do not think there is much merit
in the proposition to bring in sized and unsized
paper at the same duty ; but I suggest to the
committee that the importation of printed
matter at the same rate with paper is an unfair
discrimination against American publishers.
You bringin the paper at a duty of twenty-five
per cent, ad valorem. You bring in the printed
matter at the same duty ad valorem. Now,
putting the impression on in England, labor
being so cheap there, adds very tittle to the
value of the paper ad valorem. Consequently
it is a direct discrimination against our own
publishers. I ask the Senator, therefore, if
he has any objection to striking out from the
amendment reported by the committee these
words: " including books and other printed
matter," so as allow the ten per cent, reduc-
tion to operate upon the paper, but not upon
the books and printed matter?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I cannot
speak for the committee. I should have no
objection myself I will say that there is
another difficulty in relation to the descrip-
tion given by the Senator from Illinois. All
paper is made usually in large sheets, and it is
then cut up into note-paper and writing-paper
at the pleasure of the manufacturers after it is
made in these large sheets ; so that it would
be utterly impossible for the custom-house
officers to make that distinction if it were to
be incorporated in any law of Congress. If
this measure fails, as I trust it will, I shall, at
the proper time, move a specific duty on books.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois, to strike out lines thirty-six, thirty-seven,
and thirty-eight from the second section of the
bill as reported by the committee.
Mr. BAYARD. The presentcondition of the
tariff does undoubtedly present the anomaly of
a premium of ten per cent, offered on foreign
skill and labor. The present condition of our
tariff is such that the skill and labor of print-
ing, embellishing, and illustrating paper is now
favored by the American tariff with a bounty
of ten per cent, in favor of foreigu labor.
That is precisely the condition.
Mr. CONKLINGr. May I ask the Senator
is not that, instead of being a distinction in
favor of foreign labor in the mechanical
sense, foreign production, simply an immunity
in favor of intelligence, literature, and letters ?
When it assumes the form of a book, does it
not become a favorite, not because il has been
the object of mechanical skill abroad, but
simply because it belongs to the republic of
letters?
Mr. BAYARD. Now it occurs to me that
the honorable Senator is arguing a result and
not a fact. Any tax—and the tariff is but a
tax—upon literature of any kind is certainly
a tax upon knowledge. Anything that pre-
vents the free flow of hutnau thought, any-
thing that prevents the communication of
human ideas, is to my mitid to be regretted.
The tariff of this country does impose a bar-
rier between the ideas of the older countries
and our own. But I am speaking of the fact,
which I think is stated accurately, and in
which the Senator from New York must agree
with me in my statement, that the present
condition of our tariff exhibits the anomaly ofa
bounty to foreign labor—not to foieign brains ;
but to foreign labor in the matter of the dif-
ference of tax by the tariff upon paper printed
and paper unprinted. In that respect the
Senator from Illinois is precisely correct. It
is an anomalous fact, and it is one certainly
to be regretted, and it is surely one that ought
to re remedied.
I regretted very much that, a question fo
important as this could not have had greater
consideration, more time, and, so far as I was
concerned, a better informed consideration
than it has had in the committee. It, is one
of the evils of leaving off questions of this
kind to the heel of a session, and then press-
ing them through under the whip and spur of
partisan interest. I would be exceedingly
glad to gather all the information possible from
persons practically concerned in the making
of paper and in the printing of books, and
also in the importation of paper, whether
printed or unprinted, but it certainly is our
duty after we have acquired the information
not to take the wishes of these parties as our
guide, but after we have the information to
base our law upon some principle that shall
be just and reasonable and sensible.
Certainly we cannot say that the present
law is either reasonable or sensible when you
find that the articles which have been en-
hanced in value by labor bestowed abroad, by
foreign capital bestowed abroad, are actually
admitted at a less rate of duty than before the
work was put upon the material. It is anoma-
lous. It should be redressed. I am notable at
this moment to propose a proper remedy. I
think the proposition of the House has much in
it eutitled to weight. Nevertheless, it is a fact
for the Senate to judge, that by our present
rate of duty we are bestowing a bounty upon
foreign capital and foreign labor involved in
the embellishment and printing of paper. On
the form of a book printed and illustrated and
fit for use we have a tariff of twenty-five per
cent. On the chief material employed in that
book before it is so printed and embellished,
we have an increased duty of teu per cent,
more, thirty-five instead of twenty-five per
cent. It is an anomaly that- does need a
remedy. ,
SHIPPING OP SBAMEN.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM submitted the follow-
ing report: , .
The oommittee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. K. No. 2041) to authorize the
appointment of shipping commissioners by the sev-
eral circuit courts of the United States, to superin-
tend the shipping and discharge of seamen engaged
in merchant, ships belonging to the United States,
and for the further protection of seamen, having
met, after fait and free conference have agreed to
recommend and do recommend to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and, with the
following amendment, agree to the same: in line
four, section one, strike out the words "for each,"
as inserted by the Senate amendment, and insert in
lieu thereof the words "for such."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second amendment a£ the Senate, and agree to
the same.
That at the end of line four, section one, after the
word " circuits," the following words be inserted:
"as in their judgment may require the same, and
which shall also be ports of ocean navigation."
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
tho Senate amendments numbered 3, 4. 5, 6, 7, 8, 9,
10,11,12,13,14,15.16, and 17, and agree to the same.
w. a. buSkinguam,
I. CHANDLER.
george vickers,
Managers on the wnrt of the Senate.
0. D. CONGER.
eugene hale,
w. s. iiolman,
Managers on the part of the Howie.
The report was concurred in.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. EDMUNDS, it was
Ordered, That the bill (H. R. No, 1068) granting a
Tension to Martha B. Williams, which was indefin-
itely postponed on the 21st of March, 1871, be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Pensions.
BROOKLYN NAVV-YAUD.
On motion of Mr. FENTON, it was
Ordered, That the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives for the appointment of a commission to
examine and report upon the propriety of removing
the Brooklyn navy-yard, received April 17,1871, and
now upon the Calendar, bo referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives. by Mr. Clinton1 Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had concurred in
the report of the committee of conference on
the'disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (H. li. No. 1552) in relation to the
construction of a new jail for the District of
Columbia,.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the report of the commute#
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 183) to
authorize the Secretary of the Interior to make
partition of the reservation of Me-shin-go-me-
sia, a Miami Indian.
The message further announced that the
House had concurred in the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R.
No. 1070) making appropriations for the ser-
