328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
head of this bureau, that it will be dangerous
to attempt to amend it in any other way than
by a motion to strike it out altogether. The
proposition not only to increase the number
of officers, but to increase all of these salaries
to a rate higher than is paid to any other offi-
cers of the Government of a like character,
is. it. seems to me, an insult to the intelligence
of this House and the country, and I hope that
the section will at once be stricken out without
besitaiion on the part of the members of this
House.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
House will not pass lightly over this matter
of increase of salaries and increase of offices.
Here is a proposition to create a new bux'eau
in the Treasuty Department,and the first thing
is to give the head of this bureau a larger sal-
ary than any head of bureau has at the present
time, and the salaries of all of his subordinates
are to be increased also. It is perfectly appar-
ent, if you do this, you must go into the general
business of increasing salaries. No man can
stand up here when the other heads of bureaus
come in, as they do annually, with their annual
solicitations to this House for increase of their
salaries, if you now create a new bureau, and
put the salaries of its officers at a higher rate
than any officers are now paid in the Treasury
Department. I have no doubt some of those
officers ought to have their salaries increased,
while others I do not believe ought to be in-
creased at all.
Ever since I have been here, or for many
years, I have tried to get the heads of these
Departments to take hold of the subject them-
selves. If there be anybody who should know
the different auties and responsibilities of the
different heads of bureaus, it ought to be the
heads of Departments ; but up to this time no
head of Department, no Cabinet officer who
has these bureaus under him, has undertaken
any intelligent or general system of arranging
the duties, salaries, or compensation of the
officers under him. For twenty-five or thirty
years they have gone on in the wav our fathers
went, adding to the force but making no other
change. Men have come before the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, and other committees,
asking for an increase of their force, and when
ques.ions were put to them, " Does not your
experience in that office suggest something by
way of improvement in reorganization, or in
some other way that will add to its efficiency
wit.hout increasing the force?'' they have been
compered to fay there ought to be some reform
in tli.it direction. What do we do now? We
a-id to ihe many bureaus in the Treasury
Department by this bill, against which I say
nothing; and the committee bring in a bill
prepared outs de. as has been stated very prob-
ably by the committee, fixing a scale o I compen-
sation liiulier than that paid to anyo'her officer
i.i the Treasury Department for like services.
1 hope, therefore, the House wili scrutinize
this matter at the threshold, and so act on this
bill and these salaries as to meet the issue
hereafter, as we will be compelled to do, and
not, put up the salaries in this new bureau at
such a high figure as to produce discontent at,
the injustice done to the heads of bureaus in
e>very other Department. And, sir, this doing
it in this way is fnr.tfni of evil iu every respect
and of demoralization in eve.'y Department.
Now, therefore, that we talk so much about
reform in the civil service, let our attention
be arrested to this question of salaries in this
new bill. And with that view I rose simply to
move that, in view of the lateness of the hour,
the House adjourn, and that we take up this
question of salaries fresh on the morrow, so
that w? may apply to it oar serious attention and
adopt no scale that will be in the way hereafter.
The question being put on the motion of
Mr, Dawes, that the House do now adjourn,
it was agieed to; and accordingly (at three
o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMBLE R: A petition from 109 cit-
izens of Alliance, Stark county, Ohio, and
vicinity, asking that all manufactured tobacco
be taxed at a uniform rate of sixteen cents
per pound.
Also, the memorial of Robert C. Badger, of
Unionport, Jefferson county, Ohio, praying
for a pension as a soldier of the war of 1812.
Also, the petition of John Litten, jr., and 36
others, soldiers, of Jefferson county, Ohio,
praying for the passage of acts equalizing boun-
ties, and allowing bounty lands to Union sol-
diers without lequiring settlement.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of Abraham
Crosswell, United States vice consul at Cape
Haytien, in Hayti, in 1869 and 1870, for in-
demnification for moneys expended by him,
in obedience to official instructions, for the
support of over three hundred refugees and
their families duringthecapture of the city of
Cape Haytien. amounting to $2,485 71.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of Edward Hol-
brook, sen.. Birch Mussel man, and a number of
others, manufacturers of tobacco in Louisville,
Kentucky, praying for a reduction of the tax
on plug and twist tobacco, and a uniform rate
of taxation on all classes of tobacco, together
with a protest against stamps.
Also, the petition of Newcomb, Buchanan
& Co., of Louisville, Kentucky, praying for a
change in the mode of collecting the taxes on
distilled spirits, with a detailed statement of
the reasons therefor.
By Mr. BRAXTON': The petition of James
G. Field, asking additional pay as paymaster's
clerk.
By Mr. COX: The petition of P. H. Spel-
man, J. McKeon, and 355 others, citizens of
New York city, for relief against the land
policies of Congress.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of C. B.
Heath, T. N. Holiister, Stephen B. Brown,
and 84 others, citizens of Ttuxtou, Cuvler,
and Taylor, in the county of Cortland, New
York, praying for the establishment of a new
post route from Truxton, through Chenango,
South Cuvler, Taylor Centre, to Taylor.
By Mr. EAMES: The petition of the Prov-
idence Institution for Savings and 19 other
savings banks and institutions for savings in
the State of Rhode Island, for the repeal of
the tax imposed on them.
Also, the petition of Waldron, Wightman
& Co. and others, of the city of Providence,
for a specific and uniform rate of duty on
imported sugars.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The petition
of Harmon Mir.ard, of Berlin Centre, Ohio,
for a pension.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of George
Johnson for a pension.
Also, the petition of AsaFaunce asd others,
ot Belfast*, Maine, for the relief of savings in-
stitutions from taxation.
Also, the petition of J. Sargent and others,
of Machias, Maine, for the improvement of
the Machias river.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of J. Ingersoll Bowditch and others,
for au appropriation for the relief of the family
of the late Dr. William T. G. Morton, who
conferred upon mankind the invaluable boon
of etherization, and on our country the honor
of that great discovery.
Also, the petition of E. J. Davenport and
others, of Boston, in relation to French spoli-
ations.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of Samuel
Black and Albert it. Cooper, for relief against
losses sustained by them as contractors in the
improvement of the Portland canal, under the
supervision of the bureau of engineers.
^ By Mr. KEFCHAM: The petition of Messrs.
Nicks & Hoffmann, dealers in tobacco, and
25 others, of Red Hook. Dutchess county,
New York, praying for a uuitorm tax of sixteen
cents per pound on all descriptions of manu-
factured tobacco.
By Mr. McHENRY: A memorial asking
that pensions be granted to Mahala Lee and
Margaret Biley, of Mecklenburg county, Ken-
tucky.
By Mr. MERCCJR: The petition of Robert
Patterson, company H, eleventh regiment
Pennsylvania cavalry, for an act amending his
records at the Wat' Department.
By Mr. MORGAN: The petition of James
Donaldson and several hundred other citizens,
earnestly protesting againstthe further absorp-
tion of the public lands by corporations, and
praying that such portion of the public lands
not so absorbed may be reserved for the ben-
efit of actual settlers.
By Mr. PACKARD: The petition of John
H. Stailey for relief on account of money
loaned.
By Mr. PERCE : A concurrent resolution
of the Legislature of Mississippi, asking a re-
vision of the grant of land made to the Gulf
and Ship Island railroad in the year 1850.
Also, the petition of citizens of Jefferson
county, Mississippi, praying the passage of the
supplement to the civil lights bill.
Also, the petition of certain citizens of Mis-
sissippi, to rpfandthe cotton tax.
By Mr. POLAND: The petition of Mrs.
Michelle Auguste, prayi' g compensation for
goods and property taken by troops of the
United States.
By Mr. WILLARD: The memorial of
Charles W. Bradbury, of Vergennes, Vermont,
praying for legislation respecting French spoli-
ations.
notice op a bill.
The followingwas presented under the rule,
and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office aud Post Roads:
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: A bill to
establish a mail route from Evart. Osceola
county, to Falmouth, Missaukte county, in the
State of Michigan.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 10, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. Samuel A. Wilson, of
McKendree Chapel, Washington, District of
Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
Hon. Corxeuus Cole, from the State of
California, appeared in his seat to-day.
charges against senator clayton.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed as the
select committee under the resolution adopted
yesterday to investigate charges against Sen-
ator Clayton, Mr. Wright. Mr. Morrill, of
Maine, and Mr. Norwood.
message from the house.
_ A me°sage from the House of" Representa-
tives, by Mr, McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
885) to remove the political disabilities of cer-
tain citizens of Mississippi, in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (H.
R. No. 774) to establish post roads, aud the
enrolled bill (H. R. No. 777) to establish post
roads; and they were thereupon sigm d by the
Vice President.
personal explanation.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 ask unanimous consent to
make a brief statement with refercioe to a
sentence in the report submitted by me yes-
terday from the joint seloct Committee on the
