3016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
ufaeturing and money State of Massachusetts
in the former decade as compared with the
latter, the increase of wealth as compared
with the increase of population has increased
in the proportion of five to one. Now, I
ask of the Representatives of the great State
of Illinois, how can you account for this?
Are the hardy farmers of Illinois less indus-
trious, less frugal, or less enterprising than
the manufacturers and bankers of Massachu-
setts ? I think not. This great disparity can
enly be accounted for on the ground that your
system of taxation and finance has plundered
Illinois and other States to enrich Massachu-
setts. Truly may it be said that Massachusetts
has for the last ten years "run the machine"
to some purpose, so far, at least, as her own
interests are concerned.
But this enormous increase of wealth has
not inured to the benefit of the working classes
of that State. Day by day the laboring pop-
ulation is becoming more and more dissatis-
fied, and well they may be, for while they are
compelled to pay high taxes upon spirits and
tobacco, of which they use some small quan-
tity, their employers, who rake in the gold by
tens and hundreds of thousands, do not pay
anything in the way of internal taxation. The
only thing which these cotton lords did pay
upon were their incomes, and they have, by
the cry of its being an "inquisitorial, unjust,
and oppressive tax," succeeded in having that
repealed. They take care, however, to continue
the tax upon those articles which are used by
the poor. Your political Doctor Sangrados
have bled the patient nigh unto death, and,
having become somewhat alarmed at his con-
dition, at an early day in the present session
attempted to administer a little warm waler,
in the shape of a " commission of inquiry."
I trust the patient lias slrength enough left
to kick out these Sangradus, and return to a
healthy system of treatment. I warn the capi-
talists of the manufacturing districts thai there
is danger ahead. There is gradually giowing
up a feeling of hostility between labor and
capital; this hostility is constantly deepening
and widening and becoming more intense.
Nearly every day we hear of strikes in some
manufacturing districts—labor breaking out
in revolt against the cruel exactions of cap-
ital capital calling in the armed mercenaries
of the Government to repress labor. Why is
this? Is it not because capital does not divide
profits fairly with labor, and because all the
burdens of the Government are removed from
capital and imposed upon land and labor,
thereby greatly enhancing the cost of living.
Let your capitalists relieve the working
classes from these unjust impositions. Do
this at once ; delay is dangerous. To-day, by
judicious legislation, all may be well; to-
morrow may be too late. To day is heard
only a genile murmuring of complaint; to-
morrow it may swell into the awful roar of
the storm-tossed ocean. The cloud in the
distance not larger than a man's hand is full
cUarged with threatening electricity. See to
it that this current is properly directed and
drawn off, or the hurricane may be upou you,
and your boastful achievements in literature,
in arts, in science, and in moral progress—
those indices which mark upon the dial-plate
of time the advancement of civilization—may
be swept away, and night and chaos will come
again.
In conclusion, I desire to address a few
words to the men of the great West and North-
west.
Fiom Cairo all along down the valley of
the great Mississippi to the Gulf, from Bowl-
ing Green through the valleys of the Cum-
berland and Tennessee, through the heart of
Georgia to the blue waves of the Atlantic,
your children, native and adopted, have met
ill deadly conflict the children of the sunny
South. In my own beloved Virginia your
sons, equally with the sons of New York
a.nd Pennsylvania, Ne.v Jersey, Delaware,and
Maryland, sleep the long sleep which knows
no waking—sleep in peace beside the veterans
of Stonewall Jackson and of Lee. While you
were, as you term it, "saving the life of the
nation" by pouring out like water your blood,
the thrifty sons of New England were (with
some honorable exceptions) sending foreign
mercenaries into the field and amassing wealth
at home.
Four long years have been spent in deadly
strife ; you have won ; we have lost. The war
ended seven years ago, and its " stern alarums"
should long since have been "changed into
merry meetings;" yet still we stand sullenly
apart. Why should this be so ? The only ele-
ment of discord which divided us—the question
of African slavery—has been forever eliminated
from the problem ; your interests are similar to
ours. The people of the lower valley of the
Mississippi need your corn, your flour, your
pork, your cattle and horses, and spirits ; you
need some of our tobacco; there is no conflict
of interests between us. Notwithstanding these
things, we still permit the lingering hates and
bickerings of the war to keep us asunder, while
the protectionists of New England and Penn-
sylvania plunder the camp.
Will you not discard New England politics
and New England politicians, New England
finance and New England financiers? Willyou
not, uniting with us, and burying in one com-
mon grave the animosities of the dead past,
overthrow the-present unjust and unequal sys-
tem of internal and external taxation and
finance, and erect upon its ruins a system
based upon true revenue reform, and which,
while graining bounties, advantages, and mo-
nopolies to none, will impose the burden of
taxation upon all in proportion to their "ability
to pay ?" Do this, and speedily we will take
what rightly belongs to us, the foremost role
in ihe giand drama of human civilization and
progress which is enacting around us.
Mr. UPSON addressed the committee
in remarks which will be published in the
Appendix.
Air. K TOUGH I'ON. Mr. Chairman, I do
not propose in the limited time at my com-
mand to enter into a general discussion of the
revenue question. The statement of a few
principles of general application, which will
largely control my vote upon the pending bill,
is all that { shall attempt. No Government,
whatever may be its political character, can
be carried on without money. A national
revenue is indispensable to a national exist-
ence. Political economists and the experi-
ence of mankind alike indicate that this rev-
enue must be principally derived from two
sources: first, taxation; and second, customs
or tariff duties. Both are exactions made by
the State for which the citizen, within the just
and reasonable exercise of this power, receives
an ample consideration in the enjoyment of
equal laws and the protection of person and
property. The amount levied and collected
ought to be equal to but never in excess of
the wants and necessities of the Government.
The true question for us to consider is how
much money is necessary to be raised aud
how shall it be levied.
The receipts and expenditures of the last
fiscal year, ending June 80,1871, as shown by
the report of the Secretary ot the Treasury,
are as follows:
Erom customs .$206,270,408 05
irom internal revenue 143,09S 15i 63
From sales ot public lands  2 883 646 68
irom miscellaneous sources  31,566 736 53
$38.).,323,944 80
The expenditures for the same period were:
For civil and miscellaneous purpose?... $i3!>,493 710 97
Jbor War Department  ;v> 7W «9
For Navy Department  " 0 >7 If
For Indians  7 426 997 44
For pensions    34,448,894 88
For interest on the public debt  125,576,565 93
$292,177,188 25
leaving the sum of $91,146,756 64, which
was applied to the payment of the national
debt.
The estimated receipts and expenditures of
the present fiscal year areas follows : receipts
from all sources. $365,198,374 60 ; expendi-
tures, $293,403,382 92; leaving an estimated
balance applicable to the payment of the prin-
cipal of the public debt on the 30th day of
June, 1872, of $71,794,991 68.
These figures, taken from official sources,
demonstrate very clearly two important facts.
The first is, that both the tariff and the internal
revenue tax must for the present at least in
some form be retained, neither is alone suffi-
cient to meet the public wants and necessities;
the second is, that the amount collected is
$50,000,000 in excess of that required for the
necessary expenses of the Government and the
one per cent, of that portion of the debt re-
quired by law to be carried to the sinking fund,
aud ought, therefore, to be reduced. The faith-
ful collection of the revenues and the rapid
reduction of the national debt since the inau-
guration of President Grant has established
our credit at home and abroad, and if we here-
after pay our bonds at maturity it is all that
justice or public policy requires. It is far
more important to remove all unnecessary
burdens from the people and cheapen the cost
of living.
Under our system of government taxation
for national uses is confined within narrow
limits. The constitutional provision requiring
Representatives and direct taxes to be appor-
tioned among the several States according to
their respective population is a virtual prohi-
bition. This is doubtless a wise and salutary
limitation. The assessments for State and
municipal purposes are all the direct taxes
which ought to be levied upon the people.
The internal revenue tax was originally de-
vised as a war measure, and most of its objec-
tionable features have, with the restoration
of peace, been swept away by successive acts
ot Congress. It is now mainly a tax upon the
luxuries of life and large incomes. The last
annnal report of the Commisaior.ei ot' Internal
Revenue makes the following exhibit of the
articles taxed and the amounts received there-
fiom duiing the last fiscal year:
On spirits  $46,281,848 10
On tobacco....  33,578,iOT 18
On fermented liquors  7,389,501 82
On banks and bankers  3 644 211 53
On income  19.162.650 75
On gas...    2.573,122 92
On articles and occupations formerly
taxed but now exempt  15,401,184 13
On penalties, &c  636,980 35
On adhesive stamps  15,342,739 46
Total $144,011,176 24
Ihe bill reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means proposes, as I understand it, the
following reductions:
^ , . Internal revenue.
On tobacco $6,720,000
On pas    2.573,123
On bank checks  1,250,000
On matches  2,250,000
On agreement stamps (estimated)  100,000
TotaI i 812,893.123
I snail cheerfully support this proposed re-
duction, with the exception of the change in
the lax on tobacoo. No change in this tax
is, so far us I am informed, demanded by the
people. liie trade in that article has accom-
modated ltsetf to existing laws, and while the
consumers do hot complain, the manufacture
and sale of this article are known to be sulii-
cirfiiily profitable. The last articles whic.i
ought to be excepted from the internal iu -
enu« tax are spirituous ai.d malt liquors
and tuoeicco and Cigars. It will be inu-J t
better, in my opinion, to lessen or auohbU
tiie income tax, which is probably the most
unequal aud liable to the most frauds of all
our taxes.
