212Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is sub-
ject to objection or a call for the regular
order.
Mr. WILSON. It carries out the decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States.
On the 3d of May 1801. the President, by
proclamation, called for forty two thousand
men and promised to give $100 bounty when-
ever the men were honorably mustered out of
the service. Under that call eighty-two regi-
ments were accepted instead of about forty.
On the 22*d day of July, 1861, Congress passed
a law providing that the men should have a
bounty of $100 if they served two years.
Those who were honorably discharged under
the President's proclamation and orders of
the War Department claim that they were
entitled to the bounty without serving two
years. They took the case to the Supreme
Court, and the Supreme Court has so decided ;
but the Department cannot determine which
of these men are entitled to it. It is said that
the very man who carried the case t,o the
court was not among the forty-i.wo thousand.
The Department took eighty-two regiments,
about eighty-two thousand men. As the War
Department cannot discriminate to whom this
belongs, the proposition is to pay the bounty
to all the men of that eighty-two thousand
who were honorably mustered out of the
service before serving two years and who
have got no bounty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How much will it amount
to?
Mr. WILSON. General Alvord esti mates
somewhere near two million dollars. The
decision was made some time ago by the
Supreme Court in the case of the United States
vs. Hosmer, <J Wallace, 432. The decision
was in favor of theae men, that they are enti-
tled to the bounty; and we ought not to with-
hold it a day longer. Bills to pay it have
been brought into both Houses two or three
times, und I hope now this will be passed. I
propose to amend it by taking the original
House bill as proposed by the committee.
The chairman of the commitioe, I understand,
was not present, and sin amendment got into
it different from anything we ever did before,
and that is fixing instead of the 22d of July,
the time the law of Congress passed, the 6th
day of August, when Congress passed an act
legalizing the President's proclamation and
tho orders of the War Department; but all
the men who were enlisted after the 22d of
July were enlisted under the law. The law
of Congress was very clear and explicit that
they should serve two years in order to get the
$100 bounty; but the proclamation of tho
President and the orders of the War Depart-
ment fixed the matter so that when honor-
ably discharged they should have the $100.
It is thought that some fifteen or twenty thou-
sand men out of those eighty thousand men
were so discharged, and will be entitled to this
bounty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is a matter of so
much importance that I should like to look at
the decision of the court and have the amend-
ment printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be printed,
and the bill go on tho Calendar.
john potts.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. The Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of John Potts, praying compensation
for services rendered and risks incurred as
disbursing officer of the War Department,
have directed me to report a bill for his relief,
and I ask the present consideration of the
bill. It is very short.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 908)
for the relief of John Potts, chief clerk of the
War Department, was read three times, and
passed. It authorizes the Secretary of War
to pay the sum of $2,500 to John Potts, chief
clerk of the W ar Department, for cervices as dis-
bursing clerk from July, 1801. to July, 1871.
joiin s. corlbtt.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire -also at this time
to call the attention of the chairman of the
Committee on Pensions to the bill (H. R. No.
855) granting a pension to John S. Coilett,
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions and leported baek some days since with
the recommendation that it be indefinitely
postponed. My attention was not called to it
at the time. Since then it has been called to
it by a colleague of mine in the other House.
I ask leave to enter now a motion to recon-
sider that vote by unanimous consent, and
have the bill go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the indefinite postponement of this
pension bill will be reconsidered and the bill
placed on the Calendar with the adverse re-
port of the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PRATT. I inquire of the Senator from
Iowa what is the case ?
Mr. WRIGHT. The case of John S. Cor-
bett. I do not know that I shall insist upon
this, on a further examination of the case.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require
the unanimous consent of the Senate to take
it up. It is placed on the Calendar with the
adverse report of the committee.
james a. bel.l.
Mr. WRIGHT. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 2030) for the relief of James A. Bell, have
had the same under consideration, and have
instructed me to report it back and recommend
its passage. The Senator from New York is
interested in this bill. It is a bill that there
certainly can be no objection to in the world,
and I trust it will be put on its passage.
Mr. FENTON. I hope the bill will be put
on its passage now. I think there will be no
objection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
informed that a Senate bill on the same sub-
ject was referred yesterday, and that it has not
come back from the Printing Office.
Mr. WRIGHT. This is a House bill.
The bill was read. It provides for the issue
of duplicate coupon bondsof the (JnitedStates
in lieu of bonds destroyed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
if those were registered bonds? Is there a
report in the case?
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Iowa made the report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
if these were registered bonds, or what kind
of bonds they were?
Mr. WRIGHT. lunderstand, and the report
from the House will show the fact, that these
bonds were destroyed by fire. The testimony
before the committee in the House established
beyond all question the identity of the bonds.
They vveie not registered bonds, and that was
the difficulty in issuing new bonds.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They are coupon bonds?
Mr. WRIGHT. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have only to say that
I have not examined the case, but I think the
testimony ought to be exceedingly clear and
conclusive that they have been destroyed be-
fore we concur in this bill.
Mr. FR1SLINGHUYSEN. I should like
to hear the report.
Mr. CONKLING. Is this the matter of
James A. Bell?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 will state to the Sen-
ate and my colleague, as I have not had the
opportunity to state to him before, that it turns
out, upon information broughtto me yesterday,
that this bill could not be executed, if I under-
stand the suggestion aright,, that the destruc-
tion of dies and other things renders it impos-
sible to duplicate these bonds, and a bill was
sent to me yesterday which I introduced and
had referred to the Committee on Finance,
upon the information that the Committee on
Claims had reported back the bill and had it
referred to the Committee on Finance, and
that that committee had reported the bill ad-
versely for the reasons I suppose stated in a
letter which came from the Treasurer of the
United States to me. The suggestion was
that I should introduce the bill as an amend-
ment' to the b'ill supposed to be pending and
in the Committee on Claims. It turned out
that the bill had been referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims, by that committee reported
back, and referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance, and by the Committee on Finance
reported back adversely. Therefore I intro-
duced the bill which provides relief in another
mode for Mr. Bell, and had it referred to the
Committee on Finance. With these facts be-
fore him, my colleague can doubtless do what-
ever the case requires.
Mr. FENTON. My attention had been
called a moment before my colleague made
this explanation to the letter from the Treas-
urer under date of March 29, inclosing a sub-
stitute for the bill which passed the House of
Representatives and which has now been
reported from the Committee on Finance and
is before the Senate. Under all the circum-
stances, I will ask the Senator from Iowa to
withdraw the report until this subject can be
. examined.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to say that the
Senator from New York [Mr. Conklixg] is
mistaken in assuming that there was an adverse
report from the Committee on Claims. There
was no adverse report, but they merely reported
it back with a recommendation that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CONKLING. My friend will pardon
me ; he misunderstood me. I said, on inform-
ation obtained at the desk, that the Com-
mittee on Claims deemed the Committee on
Finance the more appropriate committee to
consider it, and reported it back and had it
referred to that committee, and that the Com-
mittee on Finance reported it adversely and
had it postponed, as I was told.
Mr. WRIGHT. That is a mistake.
Mr. CONKLING. Then it is still in the
Committee on Finance, and I suggest to both
Senators the whole purpose will be accom-
plished, as the amendment proposed has also
been referred to that committee, if they will
consider it and make such report from the
committee as they shall deem best.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report is
withdrawn.
mail contracts.
Mr. RAMSEY. I now renew the request
that I made a moment since, that the Senate
take up House bill No. 1930, on the subject
of straw bidding. Senators all understand it.
It was up some days ago.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 1930) relating to pro-
posals and contracts for transportation of the
mads, and for other purposes. It provides
that any person or persons bidding for the
transportation of the mails upon any route
which may be advertised to be let, and receiv-
ing an award of the contract for such service,
who shall willfully refuse or fail to enter into
contract with the Postmaster General, in due
form, and perform the service described in his
or their bid or proposal, is to be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on conviction
thereof, be punished by a fine not exceeding
$5,000; and by imprisonment for a term not
exceeding twelve months.
Each bid for carrying the mail is hereafter
to have affixed to it the oath of the bidder,
taken before a person qualified to administer
oaths, that lie has the ability j^ecuniarily to
fulfill his obligations, and that the bid is made
in good faith and with the intention to enter
into contract and perforin the service in case
his bid shall be accepted ; and that the signa-
tures of his guarantors are genuine ; and that
he believes the guarantors pecuniarily respons-
