1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1225
(bis country; 'which was ordered to lie on the
table. . .
He also presented eight petitions of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying for the passage of a
law taxing distilleries according to their actual
capacity, to be ascertained by practical men ;
■which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. RICE presented the petition of Daniel
Webster, publisher of the Mountain Echo, of
Fayetteville, Washington county, Arkansas,
asking that newspapers printed on oueside be
made legal mailable matter at the minimum
rate fixed by Congress on weekly newspapers
and packages to newsdealers; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Boads.
Mr. KELLOGG presented a resolution of
the Chamber of Commerce of New Orleans, in
favor of an appropriation for improving the
bar and channel at the harbor of Cedar Keys,
Florida; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
He also presented a memorial of the New
Orleans, Florida, and Havana Steamship Com-
pany, praying an appropriation for the purpose
of dredging out and straightening the bar to
the railroad wharf at the port of Cedar Keys,
Florida; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, presented the
petition of James Gr. McDonald, of Grimes
county, Texas, praying the removal of his
political disabilities; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
W. II. Nessle, praying to be allowed back
pay; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have charge of several
joint resolutions of the Legislature of Califor-
nia in regard to the establishment of mail
routes.
The first is for the establishment of a mail
route from Weaverville to Trinity Center,
California.
The next is for a tri-weekly mail from the
city of San Diego to the town of Julian, in the
same county.
Also, from Millville, in Shasta county, to
Lake City, in Siskiyou count?, California.
Also, from Lake Valley, El Dorado county,
California, to Genoa, in the State of Nevada.
I will observe that I think, with a single
exception, these requests relate to mail routes
in growing parts of the State, and all deserve
the favorable consideration of the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads. I move the
reference ofthese resolutions to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present the petition of
the president, directors, and officers of the
First National Gold Batik of San Francisco.
The principal object of their prayer is that the
law may be so changed as to permit gold notes
to be received for duties, and they set forth
sundry reasons, which are very cogent, in sup-
port of that view. The signers are well known
to me as gentlemen of standing and intelli-
gence, whose statements arc entitled to all
.credit. As the subject is one of special inter-
est to our coast and of general interest in con-
nection with the system of gold banks, I move
that the memorial be printed for the informa-
tion of the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASSERLY. I present a joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of California in regard
lo a quantity of arms, valued at nearly three
hundred thousand dollars, issued to the Slate of
California by the General Government during
the late civil war. The resolution sets forth
that the arms at the time of their issue were
of inferior quality and pattern ; that they were
greatly damaged by a fire subsequently, and
the cost of repairs made necessary thereby was
very great. The prayer of the resolution is
that the State of California be relieved from
the debt charged against her for those arms.
Whether the resolution should be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs or the
Committee on Finance, I am not quite certain.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Probably it should
either go to the Committee on Claims as a
claim for relief, or to the Committee, on Mili-
tary Affairs, to investigate as to the condition
those arms were in.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move that the reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM presented the petition of
citizens, late soldiers and eailorsof the United
States volunteer army and navy, praying a
modification of the homestead law of 20th
of May, 18G2, and the acts amendatory thereof,
so that the time which the soldier or sailor
served in the Army or Navy of the United
States during the war of the rebellion, after
two years' actual residence upon his home-
stead, may be deducted from tne term of five
years' residence which the act now requires
before he can acquire title thereto ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a petition of late soldiers
of the United States, citizens of Minnesota,
asking Congress for the passage of an act
giving to all soldiers, sailors, aud marines, and
to the heirs of those who are deceased, $8 33J
per month for the entire time served, deduct-
ing therefrom all Government bounties here-
tofore received by them; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I present the memorial
of Harvey & Jones and others, merchants,
of Richmond, Virginia. The memorialists
say that they have been informed that an effort
will be made to procure the immediate reduc-
tion of the duty on tea and coffee. They protest
against this upon the ground that they have on
hand large supplies upon which they have paid
the present duty, whereas the merchants iu
large importing cities have their goods in bond,'
have not paid the duties, and after the reduc-
tion they will be able to throw upon the market
a large supply of goods cheaper than the
memorialists can afford to sell theirs. They
protest against any reduction to take effect
before the 1st of July, 1872. I move the
reference of the memorial to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
INTERNATIONAL ARBITRATION".
Mr. ANTHONY. I present a memorial,
not inappropriate at this time, the memorial
of the American Peace Society, representing
that the present is a favorable time for the
CoDgress of the United States to initiate m«as-
nres for the establishment of internal arbitra-
tion for the settlement of disputes between
States by reason and justice aud law, instead
of by the sword.
This memorial, which is signed by Alplieus
Crosby, chairman, and James B. Mills, cor-
|j responding secretary, and by Horace Malcolm,
!{ president, and Amasa Walker, vice president
of the society, is supported by about one hun-
m dred petitions which I hold in my hand, and
|] which bear the signature of about twelve tliou-
j; sand American citizens,from seventeen States
j; of the Union, comprising an unusual amount
i; of worth, intelligence, and virtue.
I esteem myself fortunate, Mr. President,
in bringing this memorial to the consideration
of the Senate and of the country. These me-
morialists, unlike many who approach the Sen-
ate, as they have the right to, for the redress
of grievances, for the vindication of personal
rights, for the payment of just claims, ask
nothing for themselves which, if their great
: purpose can be effected, will not be equally
11 shared bj' all their fellow-citizens, by all their
fellow;mea; for patriotism is too narrow, a
word to describe their object, which is noth-
ing less than philanthropy, in its widest sense.
They ask for pteace, which is the fundamental
principle of Christianity,, and the crowning
glory of civilization. The Saviour was calle'd
th'e Prince, of Pe.aec," a®d. in that discourse
which embodies more of wisdom, and truth,
and virtue, than has been spoken by the tongue
or written by the pen, declares u Blessed "are
the peacemakers."
The inclination which a peaceful nation,
able to vindicate it's rights by the methods of
war, shows toward peace, is no bad measure
of its progress in civilization. It would add
another to the titles of our Government to the
affection of its*citizens and to the respect, and
admiration of the world if it should make the
first serious practical movement toward so
great a reform in human action and in human
government.
As this memorial is upon so important a
matter, as it is signed by so many people from
so many States, 1 depart from my usual cus-
tom and ask that the memorial be read.
The Chief Cleilc read as follows :
Memorial to the honorable the Senate and House of
Jteprcsentativea of the United States of America in
Congress assembled.
The American Pcace Society most respectfully
submit to your honorable bodies thefollowing memo-
rial, confident that the momentous subject to which
it relates will secure your earnest consideration :
Tho American Peace Sooiety was organized in the
year I8Z3, and is composed of persons of all religious
denominations and political parties. This society,
believing that the system.of war is baleful to every
interest of society, material, moral, and spiritual,
has for its prime object the banishment of wai from
the family of nations.
Regarding nations as moral persons, and believing
the highest welfare of each nation depends upon the
prosperity of all the other nations, wo hold that
nations, even as individuals, are solemnly bound to
regulate their conduct toward each other in accord-
ance with the golden rule.
At the present time, more than ever before, intelli-
gent people in all civilized lands are profoundly and
painfully impressed with the waste, tho miseries,
and the cruelties of a resort to the sword as a
method for settling: national grievances. In view
of the frightful havoc of human lite which itcauses,
at a moderate estimate having slain, in the very
prime and vigor of their manhood, men in numbers
exceeding thirty-live times the present population
of the globe; in view of its enormous destruction
of property, having wrung from the people of Christ-
endom in taxes, even the last year, $2,600,000,000;
in view of the violenco, the malignity, the rage, the
fraud, the perfidy, tho rapacity, the lust—in view
of all tho crimes and woes that gather under war's
standard, thoughtful people everywhere are de-
manding to know if there he not a more excellent
way.
In the progress of society, in the advance of intel-
ligence, civilization, and Christianity, there has been
developed a strong and widespread conviction that
tho adjustment of national differences by arbitra-
tion. by an appeal to conscience, reason, and the
eternal principles of right and justice, is practica-
ble. This conviction has been confirmed by the
recent action between Great Britain and the United
States, justly regarded by patriots, philanthropists,
and good people m all the world, as one of the most
beneficent and sublime triumphs of Christian civ-
ilization. We rejoice in this great transaction as
the harbinger of perpetual peace between tho great
English-speaking nations.
And we most respectfully submit to your honor-
able bodies that there is now offered the Congress
of the United States an opportunity for initiating
measures for the establishment of a permanent sys-
tem of international arbitration, by which differ-
ences between civilized States shall bo decided by
an appeal to reason and justice, instead of the dread
and barbarous arbitrament of the sword.
We also beg leave to submit that in the judgment
of this society our own beloved country is of alt
others most happily circumstanced for taking the
initiative in promoting the establishment of this
greatest need of the nations, a high court of arbi-
tration, andso of removingwar, the foulest reproach
of Christian civilization. Together with this memo-
rial we present tho petitions signed by some twelve
thousand citizens, representing all sections of this
great Republic, who join with us in the most earnest
prayer to your honorable bodies to take such action
as will conduce to the great and benign consumma-
tion indicated by this memorial, and we add, it is
the fixed and sublimely earnest determination of a
powerful and rapidly increasing multitude of the
American people to persevere in their efforts until
this consummation shall have been reached.
We bolievo no glory can be added to tho name
of our nation greater than that which will come
from its taking the lead in sJi enterprises that make
for the establishment of peace on earth and good
will among men.
