1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3017
The bill under consideration also proposes
the following reduction of import duties:
On batis <)f
On duty
Quantitiex
received,
of 1671.
in 1871.
On tea   
J2.348.639
$3,625,716
On coffee 
a,949,309
5,070,480
0u coal 
322.881
On salt 
615.522
0u leather 
429,258
On iron and manufactures of.,
2.135,233
On steel and manufactures of..
7)5,539
On wqol 
559.823)
On woolen manufactures 
4,759,680 ^
5,517,275
On woolen carpets 
197.772 j
0u cotton manufactures 
781 724
On copper and manufactures
39.(511
On chemicals, drugs, &c 
584.862
On cork, manufactured 
2H,!fl.i
On lumber   
761.81)1
On ail other articles 
212
Oulree list 
1,584,667
>18,952,438
The bill which has already passed both
Houses of Congress placing tea and coffee
on the free list will swell the first two items
to $16,000,000. The scheme presenied, al-
though possessing some merits, is by no means
perfect, and will, I trust., be amended in the
committee. The reduction upon wool, cop
per, and lumber is an unnecessary discrimin-
ation against leading interests of the State
which I have the honor in part to represent.
The following article taken from a leading
journal shows what consideration the wool-
growers of the country have heretofore received
in the adjustment of the tariff:
" The Wool- Gr'jt'-'ri;.—The existing tariff shows
that the wool manutacturors hive ' protected' the
sheop-i'armer very much as the wolf protects the
lamli. It is cheap wool and dear cloth every tiuao.
" O.irpet wools and all similar wools, sneh as
native South American, Cordova. Smyrna. Turkey,
Greece. Egypt, Syria, and elsewhere, get tne miser-
able pittance of protection of three cents per pound,
while one pound of ordinary three-ply carpet, about
a yard, gets the magnificent protection of SI 10.
" Three cent^ per pound is protection enough for
the American farmer who grows carpet wools for a
living, but the Pemberton square (Boston) carpet
manufacturer must be'protected ' at therateof'Sl 10
per pound for his production, and this is a fair sample
of the protection afforded the wool-growers by tae
manufacturers' lobby.
" Wool and Cloth-,.—The producers of American
wool of the finer grades, are protected by a tariff of
froui ten to twelvecents per pound, while the Amer-
ican manufaetuiers of broadcloth get their produc-
tions protected at the handsome rate of two dollars
per pound and upward, according to fineness.
"'Xho rates are greater in lavor of the manufac-
turer and against the farmer, and the laws fixing
them are still more unjust and unfair. For exam-
ple. carpet wools, and all orlier similar wools, worth
not over twelve cents per pound at the place of ex-
portation, exclusive of charges, p -,y a tariff duty
of three cents per pound.
"Under this law it is possible, to import medium
grades of wool for making ordinary cloth at three
cents per pound duty. There is only a single ad
valorem rate on wool fixed by foreign valuation.
On cloths of all kinds there is a double rate—ad
valorem and specific. Undervaluation will avail
nothing. Cloth of all kinds, not otherwise provided
for forty cents per pound and thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem. Under tins arrangement one yard of six-
dollar broadcloth, weighing one pound, would b8
assessed 50 per pound.
The wool from which it was made might come
in at three cents, and in no case would it pay more
than twelve cents per poand.
It is simple, single, and low rates for wool, but
high, complex, and double rates for cloth. Turkey
every time for the manufacturer, but for the sheep-
iarmer not once."
The reduction of the duty on lumber is
etjually unjust to the lumber interest ut' the
Northwest. The lariff upon this article does
not materially affect its price in the inferior,
lhe principal item of expense upon Michi-
gan lumber when taken to Pennsylvania or
New Yoik is the tiaiibporfation. If a tariff
is good for anyihing, it Ougiit to keep prices
uniform throughout the country. The only
effect of the proposed change, will bo to open
our northern holders to cheap Canadian lum-
bei, des'roy ruling prices, and depreciate the
value of honest investments, without any cor-
responding advantage to consumers through-
out the country. If we are legislating for the
benefit of Canada, it is all right; but if we
are making laws for the benefit of oar own
Country, it is all wrong. Why should the duty
on leading articles of Michigan production,
expose;d to ruinous competition with cheap
Canadian labor, be reduced, while the tariff on
Kentucky hemp is increased? This is not a
very consistent exhibit of Kentucky "free
trade" or "Kentucky neutrality."
I am aware, Mr. Chairman, that the adjust-
ment of the tariff so as to meet the wants of
the different sections of the country, and the
conflicting interests of the manufacturer, pro
ducer, and consumer, is a matter of serious
difficulty. But, sir, 1 believe that a reduction
of nearly forty-four million dollars, including
the duty on tea and coffee, can safely be made
without injuring the business of the country
or impairing any of our industries. This, with
theproposed reduction ot the internal revenue,
except on tobacco, will lessen the exactions
from the people to the amount of $50,000,000,
aud furnish a reasonable measure of relief.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the committee
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and Mr.
Dawes having resumed the chair as Speaker
pro tempore, Mr. Scofieijq reported that, pur-
suant to the order of the House, the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the state of the
Union generally, and more particularly the
bill of the House (No. 2322) to reduce duties
on imports, and to reduce internal taxes, and
for other purposes, and had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I move that the House
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at ten o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of. Cole-
man Bohanon, for indemnity for thirty-two
bales of cotton.
By Mr. CONGER: The petition of Trow-
bridge. Wilcox & Co., and over 75 others, in
favor of a light-house on Passage Island, near
Isle Royale. Lake Superior.
By Mr. COGHLAN : The petition of Mrs.
Meiindy C. H. Ebetle, and others, asking
the passage of the bill to provide for the sale
to actual settlers of the surplus lands of the
Hound Valley reservation.
By Mr. COX : The petition of Ezra Dick-
inson an-) others, for the equalization of
bounties and back pensions.
By Mr. FRYE: The petition of Fredeiick
E. Upton, for restoration to his rank in the
Navy.
By Mr. LAMISOS: The memorial of
Thomas T. Sesler, George M. Wadsel, and 54
others, citizens of Allen county, Ohio, pro-
testing against the extension of L. L. Long-
streth's patent on bee hives.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of
George \Y. Ferrel, 0. B. Wright, A. V. Dille,
Benjamin Davis, Newton H. Braddoek, Mor-
gan Rmehait, William C. Johnson, and 40
others, honorably discharged soldiers of the
late Uraon Army, citizens of Greene and
Fayette coumies, Pennsylvania, prajing the
passage of a bill allowing S8 33J per mouth
lo every honorab'y discharged soldier.
By Mr. PECK: The petition of Christian
Heakle, guardian of Minnie ilessner, asking
Congress to pass a special act for her relief.
By Mr. SLOCUM: A petition for the pass-
age of a bill giving increase of pensions to
certain soldiers. _ I
By Mr. TYNEU: The petition of citizens;
of Indiana, asking the passage of an act to
grant arrears of pension to John W. Salyers,
a soldier of the war of 1812.
By Mr. WiLLARD: A petition for restora-
tion of pension to Orville Ford, of Braudon,
Vermont.
IN SENATE.
Friday. May 3, 1872.
Prayer by the Rev. E. D. Owen, of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
lhe Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
POTT AW ATOM IK AND SHAWNEE INDIANS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 988) to provide
homes for the Pottawatomie aud absentee
Shawnee Indians in the Indian territory.
The amendment of the House was to strike
out the first section of the bill relating to the
Pottawatomie Indians.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move that the
Senate non-concur in the amendment of the
House of Representatives, and ask for a com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to ; and, by unani-
mous consent, the Vice President was author-
ized to appoint the conferees on the part of
the Senate.
IIOCRE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs:
A bill (H. R. No. 1469) to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to open negotiations
with the Indian nations, tribes, or individuals,
for the purpose of commuting all annuities
now payable in kind, and to report his doings
to Congress for its adoption, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1535) to abolish the tribal
relations of the Miami Indians, and for other
purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1914) to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to negotiate with the
chiefs aud head-men of the Shoshone and
Bannock tribes of Indians for the relinquish-
ment of a portion of their reservation in
Wyoming Territory;
A bill (H. R. No. 2334) to confirm to the
Great and Little Osage Indians a reservation
in the Indian territory; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2623) to provide for the
removal of the Flathead and other Indians
from the Bitter Root valley, in the Territory
of Montana.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
ou Territories:
A bill ^H. R. No. 1178) to grant the right
of way to the Laramie Water and Ditch Com-
pany over the public lands in Albany county,
Wyoming Territory ;
A hill (II. R. No. 1735) to provide for hold-
ing adjourned terms of the supreme court of
Arizona :
A bill (H. R. No. 2630) to donate the mili-
tary reservation at Fort Steilacoom to the Ter-
ritory of Washington for the use of the iusane
asylum;
A bill (H. R. No. 2632) to provide for filling
vacancies in certain offices in the several Ter-
ritories ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2038) amendatory of an
act approved March 2. 186'J, entitled '"An act
amendatory ot ati act to provide a temporary
government for Montana,'' approved May 2,
1864: and
A bill (H. R, No. 2628) to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide, a temporary gov-
ernment for the Territory of Wyoming,'' ap-
proved July 25, 1863 *
The following bills were read twice by their
titles, ami refeired to the Committee ou Pub-
lic Lands:
A bill (II. H. No. 2627) to enable the city
of Denver to pu: chase certain lauds in Colo-
rado foi a cemetery ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2631) to withdraw from
settlement and sale a certain section of laud
iu Wyoming Territory.
