1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
42d Cons....2d Sess.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Pool.
Senate.
that that would be an election under a consti-
tution which said that a majority of each
house duly chosen should constitute a quo-
rum—that is the language in substance?
Mr. POOL. That a majority of that majority
should be required to pass a bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; stopping right there
as most constitutions do, that a majority of
each House shall constitute a quorum?
Mr. POOD. It- is my opinion that the act
of Congress would be the rule in that case, and
under the act of Congress that would be an
election.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If that can be made out,
this is an election.
Mr. STOCKTON. I should like to crave
the courtesy of the Senator from North Caro-
lina to indulge me for a moment. The ques-
tion which has been the subject of remark by
the Senator from Vermont and the Senator from
Wisconsin is one that lies, I think, at the found-
ation of this matter; and I have not heard
the precise view that I entertain myself stated
in the Senate, and 1 therefore ask the cour-
tesy of the Senator from North Carolina to let
me occupy a few moments ot his time to state it.
Mr. POOL. Very well, sir.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senator from Wis-
consin in his argument sometime ago, as well
as in his remarks to-day, 1 think Jost sight of
one proposition. I have notheard itmentioned
yet in the Senate, and I cannot let the debate
go on without at least calling attention to it.
It is that when there is no rule whatever in a de-
liberative body to prescribe how their will shall
be indicated, (because the will of that body
when properly indicated is the will ot ail, ot
every man in it, according to parliamentary
law,) the mode of expressing that will, the
voice, is indicated by parliamentary law, and
the general rule of parliamentary law in
this country as laid down by the authorities
requires a majority. There is but one power
on earth that can declare how a Senator shall
be elected, and that is the Constitution of the
United Slates. That says Senators shall be
"chosen" by the " Legislature," and the only
two words of any importance in any discussion
on this subject, or that, ever have had any im-
portance m the past discussions in Harlan's
case, in Bright's case, and in the other cases
that have come before the Senate, are the words
"chosen" and "Legislature." The import-
ant point is, was the Legislature there to
choose ? There is no power under heaven,
State Legislature or Congress, that can make
a Senator of the United States when the Legis-
lature was not present, or when the Legisla-
ture did not choose, did not select; and in the
failure of any rale prescribed by that body
itself, the rule is the rule of parliamentary law
as laid down by Mr. Cushing in section seven-
teen hundred and ninety-two, under the title
" of the different modes of taking the ques-
tion:"
" Of the different modes of taking a question.
"In order that any proposition may become the
act, or express the sense, judgment, opinion, or will
ot the Iloubo, it is necessary that it should receive the
assent ot a majority of the members, or ot such other
number as may bo agreed upon, or otherwise fixed,
beforehand ; which may be manifested in two ways:
namely, either by no one objecting to the proposi-
tion—in which case the sense of the house is ascer-
tained by their common consent—'the tlnng being
sufficiently declared when no man contradicts it;'
or by a majority, or the requisite number, of the
members declaring themselves m its lav >r; m which
case the senseof the House is ascertained by a ques-
tion put and determined. Where the sense 01 the
House is ascertained by taking aquestion, thecourse
is m the tirst instance, lor the members to answer
ay or no; and the Speaker to decide, by his ear,
..which side is the greater. If his decision is not sat-
isfactory, then measures are to be taken, by means
of dividing the House, to ascertain the exact number
on cach side. Hence, in Parliament, e
modes of ascertaining the sense of the
ence to any proposition submitted to it, namely, oy
consent, by th e voices, and by fdiv,ioa e
several modes of proceeding^as they are
in the House of Commons, with the points 01 diner
ence between them and the analogous proceedings
in the Lords, will be stated. The foregoing being in
use here, with some other methods and usages which
are peculiar to this country, the latter will bo treated
of separately."
Also in section eighteen hundred and twenty-
six:
" Every question which is propounded to a legis-
lative assembly for its determination, and voted upon
in any of the manners above described, receives its
decision according to the preponderance of the votes
which,unless someotherrulc is expressly prescribed,
as there usually is in each assembly, reference to
particular questions, is ordinarily effected by a ma-
jority."
The Senator from Wisconsin has admitted
that there was no rule in the constitution of
the State of North Carolina. The constitu-
tion of that State had a right to say what their
Legislature should be, and did so; but it pre-
scribed no rule for taking the sense of the
body, and my insistment is that by parlia-
mentary law, which in failure of prescription
of a rule becomes the rule, a majority vole is
required. That is the method of reaching a
decision. Cushing says:
"In those cases where tho rules or customs of any
assembly allow a vote to remain on an equal division,
the decision, a§ neither side preponderates, is neces-
sarily in the negative. In many cases it is provided
either by a constitutional requisition or by rule that
particular questions, in order to prevail, shall require
more or admit of less than tho ordinary majority in
their favor.
"Where more than the ordinary majority is re-
quired, as it is, for example, under most of our con-
stitutions, to take the initiatory steps, by passing
resolutions for that purpose, for their amendment,
and for the passing oi certain classes of bills, all
questions for amending such resolutions and bills,
except amendments from the other branch, and all
incidenfc.il or preliminary questions thereon, sbort
of the final question, are determinable by the ordin-
ary majority. The same is the case where it is re-
quired by rule that certain classes of questions shall
not be adopted unless a proportion greater tban a
majoiity is in their favor. All^ amendments of such
questions require only a majority vote."
The Senator from Wisconsin read to you
from section four of article one of the Con-
stitution—
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof;
but tho Congress may at any time by law make or
alter such regulations, except as to tho places of
choosing Senators."
That clause of the Constitution does not at-
tempt to control, does not conflict with, but is
entirely subservient to the original clause that
"the Senate of the United States shall be
composed of two Senators from each State,
chosen by the Legislature thereof for six
years." The "times, places,_ and manner"
of choosing Senators has nothing whatever to
do with the question of who shall be the body
of electors. The body of electors is the Legis-
lature, and they must choose. The "times,
places, and manner" can be regulated by the
Legislature if Congress itself does not inter-
fere. For example, it is well known to every
Senator here that many of the States adopted
the plan of electing in joint meeting, ot mak-
ing their rules in joint meeting. The Legis-
lature of the State of New Jersey made rules
for the election of members of the Continental
Congress in joint meeting before the adoption
of the Constitution ot the United States, and
has done so in every joint meeting from that
time on; and they often changed the rules;
and so has the joint meeting of the State ot
New York; and in many States, I think in a
majority ot the States, they adopted the plan
of electing in joint meeting.
Chancellor Kent, Judge Story, and other
authorities unite in saying that the election in
joint meeting they believed to be unconstitu-
tional, or at least there were grave doubts as to
its constitutionality. They held that it was the
intention that the election of Senators should
take place just as bills are passed, requiring
a majority of each Ilouse in separate session,
and the only reason given by these great au-
thorities why an election in joint meeting may
be treated as constitutional is that Congress
not having prescribed the time and manner of
choosing the Legislature, consisting of the body
of electors, had a right to prescribe its own
mode of action in making the choice.
But the point I desire to make is that the
body of electors indicated in the first clause is
"the Legislature," and that the Legislature
of the State can be indicated only by its con-
stitution ; that, without any law prescribing
otherwise, the parliamentary law prescribes a
majority of that body.
Now. Mr. President, a majority of the body
by parliamentary law is necessary to the elec-
tion of a speaker of any deliberative assembly.
It is much more important in electing a pre-
siding officer than in any other case, because
that officer being called upon to preside over
that body, the theory of the law is that he has
not the power to enforce his decisions unless
he has the majority of the body with him. So
the rule is absolule that no man can be the
president of a body without a majority vote.
Take the instance of Mr. Speaker Banks in
the House of Representatives. He was voted
for I think, more than one hundred times.
They could not elect a Speaker because no one
could get a majority of all the votes cast inthe
House. Following upon that, by a compro-
mise agreed upon, they passed a resolution by a
majority vote that the inan who had the plu-
rality on a certain roll-call should be Speaker.
And then, not satisfied with that, when they
had succeeded in electing hun in that way, in
indicating the choice of the pluiality in order
to give it force they passed a majority vote
indorsing the election of Mr. Speaker Banks,
and carrying out agreement theretofore made.
The authority in that case in reference to the
election of a presiding officer is the authority
of the House of Representatives and is entitled
to have weight in this controversy, as confirm-
ing Mr. Cushing's view of parliamentary law
on this point.
Mr. President, I ask pardon of the Sena-
tor from North Carolina for interjecting my
remarks into the midst of his speech, but I
thought ihe period had arrived in the debate
when this point should be considered. I
desired to say nothing on this question, and
should not but for this reason. The one single
object i had was to add the httle mite 1 could
to the just decision of this judicial question,
by calling the attention of the Senate to the
fact that that clause of the Constitution must
be its sole guide in any question that comes
up in reference to the 'election of a Senator,
so far as the body of electors is indicated,
and in failure of a prescribed rule all delibera-
tive assemblies required a majority vote by
the general principles of parliamentary law.
Mr. POOL. Mr. President, I have no ob-
jection, in discussing a question of this char-
acter, where every Senator is a judge, to give
way for any interruption that will elucidate
the subject in any manner.
At the moment of the interruption I was
discussing the effect of a vote less than a ma-
jority in each house. I will call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the exact phraseology
of the act of Congress, which I take to be the
rule in this case, supeisedmg all other rules,
even the constitution of a State, for such is
the effect of congressional action upon all
subjects where it is competent under the Con-
stitution for Congress to act. The wording is
" each house." Suppose we admit that " the
house" means a majority of all the mem-
bers, does it require a majority of each house
to elect a Senator? That is not the expres-
sion of the act of Congress. The expression
is that " each member shall name one person
for Senator in Congress from such State, and
the name of the person who shall have a
majority," not of the house, but "of the
whole number of votes cast," shall be chosen
