1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3913
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
respective Houses, as iollows, namely :
That the Senate recede from their amendments
disagreed to by the House to the said bill, and that
tho House agree to the following amendments to the
said bill, namely:
Strikeout inline four, page 2, section t-pro, the
words " in Quantity," and insert in lieu thereof the
words " share and share alike in valae."
After the word " interest" in line'nineteen, sec-
tion three, insert the following words, namely: "the
value of said improvements not in any case to be
estimated where.the sam$ shall be on land awarded
to the person who made or causcd them to be made."
JAKES HARLAN,
D. IX PRATT,
Man-ay em on the part of the Senate.
JOHN P. C. SHANKS,
JAMES N.TYNER,
ERASTUS WELLS,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
increase of pensions.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 1073) increasing the rates of pen-
sion to certain persons therein dtscribed.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Resolved, That the Senate disagree to the amend-
ments of the House to the said bill, aud ask a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by tho Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Pratt, Mr. Edmunds, and Mr. Saulsbury.
The PRESIDING OFFICEll, (Mr._An-
thony.) The hour of five o'clock bus arrived,
and pursuant to order the Senate takes a recess
until halt' past seven o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. in.
dakota grand trunk railway.
Mr. TIPTON. I ask the gentleman having
charge of the bill under consideration to give
way one moment until I present a report from
a committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The tariff and tax bill
is before the Senate, and the pending question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan.] to strike out the item
in regard to paper. But the Senator from
Nebraska asks unanimous consent, to make a
report. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. TIPTON. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report back the bill
(H. R. No. 2592) granting the right of way to
the Dakota Grand Trunk Railway Company,
arid ask that it be put on its passage. A let-
ter from the Secretary of the Interior states
that no aero of ground has ever been with-
drawn in that Territory for railroad purposes.
This is merely a graut of the right of way.
. Mr. MORTON. In a Territory where no
lands have ever been granted.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. For the purpose of enabling the
Dakota Grand Trunk Railway Company, a cor-
poration organized under the laws of Dakota,
to extend its road and branches by the most
advantageous and practicable lines, in accord-
ance with its charters, the right of way through
the public lands in the Territory of Dakota
is by the bill gianted to the company to the
extent of one hundred feet in width on each
side of the central line of the road andbranches
where they may pass over the public lands;
and there is also granted to the company all
necessaiy ground, not to exceed twenty acres
for each ten miles in length of the main lino of
the railroad, for station-buildings, work-shops
depots, machine-shops, switches, side-tracks,
turn-tables, water-stations, &c. When it may
be necessary to use material from the public
lands for the construction of the road, it may
be done; but no private property is to be
taken for the use of the company except in
the manner now provided by the laws ot
Dakota relative to the takiug of such property
for like uses, and in which manner it may be
done, with compensation to the owners as
therein provided.
The company is to have power to mortgage,
in tlie usual manner, its franchise, road-bed,
and all property of every kind belonging to it,
to an amount not exceeding $25,000 per mile
for the entire length of the road, upon such
terms as may to the company seem best; hut
in no case shall the United States be liable^ in
any manner whatever, for any act or thing
done by said company.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
reports of committees.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1916) to authorize the
Washington City and Point Lookout Railroad
Company to extend a railroad into and within
the District of Columbia, reported it without
amendment.
oaths op office.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senate to take
up a bill which ought to be passed. It is House
bill No. 2779 to repeal certain statutes pre-
scribing an oath of office. I will state what it
is. It repeals what is known as the iron-clad
oath 
Mr. CONKLING. I object to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made to the request of the Senator from
Illinois.
selaii y. reeve.
Mr. FENTON. I move to take up House
bill No. 475. It is only a few lines.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 475) for the relief of Selah V. Reeve,
late quartermaster sergeant of the fourth
Michigan infantry volunteers, was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It is a direc-
tion to the Paymaster General of the United
States to pay to Selah V. Reeve, late quarter-
master sergeant of the fourth Michigan in-
fantry volunteers, full pay and allowances as
quartermaster sergeant from September 1,
18(31, to June 1, 1862, deducting therefrom
what he may have received on account ot such
services for that period.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
national cemeteries.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to put on its pas-
sage two very small bills, and 1 should like to
get them out of the way. The first is House
bill No. 2099, to amend an act entitled "An
act to establish and protect national ceme-
teries," approved February 22, 1807.
There being no objection, the bill was con
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that from and after its passage all
soldiers and sailors honorably discharged from
the service of the United States, who may die
ina destitute condition, shall be allowed burial
in the national cemeteries of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
city of carondelet.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. Piesident  
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice that at a
quarter before eight o'clock I shall object to
any more bills being considered, and insist that
we go on with the regular order.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 ask to take up the bill to
confer jurisdiction on the Court of Claims to
hear and determine the suit of Carondelet v.i.
the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will try another bill
and see if there is any objection.
Mr. NYE. I want to try a bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen
ator from Missouri first moved to take up a
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood some one
to object.
Mr. BLAIR. I wish to call up the bill (S.
No. 420) to confer jurisdiction on the Court
of Claims to hear and determine the suit of
Carondelet vs. the United States.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should
like to inquire of the Senator from Missouri
how much this involves.
Mr. BLAlR. This involves the title of the
United States to the tract of land known as
the Jefferson barracks, in St. Louis county.
It is claimed by the people of Carondelet that
the barracks tract belongs to them as part of
their common.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I supposed
it was that claim. It is certainly too large a
claim to be passed by a minority of the Sen-
ate. I therefore object.'"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
goes over under objection.
georoe a stevens.
Mr. CRAGIN. I ask unanimous consent
to proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 903.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R.
No. 903) for the relief of George A. Stevens,
of the United States Navy, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
authorize the President of the United States
to appoint, and, with the advice and consent
of the Senate, to commission, George A. Ste-
vens to such rank in the United States Navy
as the circumstances of Stevens's case may, in
his judgment, seem to justify.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a strange bill.
How does that interfere with other parties ?
Mr. CRAGIN. Not at all. This is a House
bill. At the last session of Congress we passed
an act restoring this officer, but made a mis-
take, and this is simply to authorize the Pres-
ident to place him where he thinks proper.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Suppose he places him
over the heads of twenty others?
Mr. CRAGIN. There is no danger of
placing him above where he was before.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there ought to
be an amendment to that bill that it shall not
interfere with or supercede any officer in the
Navy. It certainly would be wrong to appoint
a person in the Navy over the heads of those
who have served a longer time.
Mr. CRAGIN. This man has been in the
service thirty-one years, and he was placed
upon the retired list a few years ago, and be-
lieved by everybody to have been so placed
unjustly. At the last Congress he was restored
at the foot of the lieutenant commanders,
among men who have been in service only
about ten years, and it was intended to place
him at the foot of the list of commanders.
This is a House bill. I should not have drawn
it in this way, but there is great anxiety to
have the bill pass, as this officer is about to be
ordered to sea, and I am fully satisfied that
justice will be done to him aud no injustice to
others.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me the
Senate had better amend it. The House would
concur in the amendment in a moment. I do
not want any injustice done to this officer; but
to authorize the President to appoint a person
to such rank as he thinks proper in the Navy,
is letting go our whole control of the Navy,
contrary to the practice of the Government
from its foundation. I do not want injustice
done to others. If the Senator will so amend
the bill that this Mr. Stevens can be restored
to the Navy without overslaughing or doing
injustice to others. I have no objection.
Mr. CRAGIN. I will add, " not above the
position originally occupied by him "
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think that would be
an improvement.
Mr. NYE. That is just what would be done
under the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. The time is up, unless
the Senate is ready to vote on the bill; there
