330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
George A. Armes to the rank of captain in
the Army, reported adversely thereon, and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
petition of Alexander Henderson, late consul
at Londonderry, praying that certain sums of
money be allowed to him on account of ex-
penses and losses incurred by him during the
years of his consulate at Londonderry, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Commerce; which was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 423) for the relief of Julia A. Smith,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 248) to provide for the admission of
certain evidence, reported adversely thereon,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
COLLECTION OF CUSTOMS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move the reference
of the bill (S. No. 2) to regulate the service in
the collection of customs at the various ports
of entry in the United States, and the disposi-
tion of fanes, penalties, and forfeitures incurred
under the laws relating to customs, and for
other purposes, to the Committee on Com-
merce. I see by the indorsement on this bill
that it was reported from the Committee on
Finance. I have studied the bill very carefully,
and I cannot quite understand how it came into
the hands of the Committee on Finance. It
certainly belongs appropriately to the Com-
mittee on Commerce; it refers entirely to mat-
ters within the jurisdiction of the Committee
on Commerce. This bill is a very important
measure; it is a measure that revolutionizes
the whole collection system of the United
States, and should receive very careful and
very critical examination before it passes.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose a motion of
that kind may lead to debate, and deprive us
of the morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state at ihe conclusion of the sentence
which the Senator from Michigan was just ut-
tering the condition of the bill referred to by
bim. The bill was introduced by the Senator
from New York [Mr. Fen-ton] on the 7th of
March, 1871, at the first session of this Con
gress. On the 13th of March it was referred
to the Committee on Finance. On the 20th of
December it was reported with amendments,
and the Senator from New York gave notice
that on the first day after the holiday recess he
would ask leave to call it up and explain it.
This he djd on Monday last, and at the con-
clusion of his remarks on that occasion it was
made the special order for Tuesday r.ext atone
o'clock. It is therefore not now before the
Senate; but when reached on Tuesday next
(if it shall then be reached) it will be in order
to move to refer it, to a committee, to lay it on
the table, or to make such other disposition of
it as may be agreeable to the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then, as I understand,
the bill is not now within the control of the
Senate. I desire to have it examined by the
Committee on Commerce before it comes up
for consideration by the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would require
unanimous consent to take any action on the
bill now, as it has already been made by a two-
thirds vote, or iu fact a unanimous vote, me
special order for Tuesday, the 10th of January, 1
at one o clock. That order was made on Mon-
day last. It would require unanimous consent
to take any action on the bill now.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I give noticc
that on Tuesday next, when the bill comes up j
for consideration, or at whatever time it does
come up, I shall move its refereuce to ihe j
Committee on Commerce.
JAPANESE AT MILITARY ACADEMY.
Mr. CAMERON. I am directed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations to report a
joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
War to admit six Japanese youths to the West
Point Military Academy; and I will say that
this resolution is precisely similar to one which
passed Congress authorizing six young men
from Japan to be received into the Naval
Academy. There probably can be no objec-
tion to it, and I ask for its present considera-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest that if this measure is to pass it should
he changed to a bill, as according to the determ-
ination of the Senate all legislation is to be in
the form of bill except in very extraordinary
cases. This will be regarded as a bill, and will
be read.
The bill (S. No. 454) authorizing the Secre-
tary of War to admit six Japanese youths to
the West Point Military Academy was read
twice, and by unanimous consent considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to authorize the Secretary of War to receive
for instruction at the Military Academy at
West Point, not exceeding six persons, to be
designated by the Government of the empire
of Japan, with a proviso that, no expense shall
thereby accrue to the United States, and that
the Secretary of War may, in the case of these
persons, modify or dispense with any provisions
of the rules and regulations of the Academy,
the enforcement of which circumstances may,
in his opinion, render unnecessary or unde-
sirable.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read the third time now if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. THURMAN. I have just heard of that
bill. Has it been reported by any committee?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was reported
to-day by the Committee on Foreign Relations,
through its chairman.
Mr. THURMAN. It seems to me that this
is a rather more serious matter than might at
first strike one. I do not think the West Point
Academy is made to be a pay school for the
education of foreign youths, or for the educa-
tion of any youths, upon the Government re-
ceiving pay for their expenses. We cannot
send our children to West Point to be edu
cated at our expense; we can only send those
that the Government authorizes to be sent,
who are appointed in the mode that the law
prescribes. I do not know that this school
should be any more free to foreign nations than
it is to our own people; and it strikes me that
unless there is some special reason for it, we
ought not to undertake the education in the
military art of the youth of other nations. I
maybe entirely wrong in this; but I should
like to hear, from the able chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, some reason
for this, to me, novel proposition. It may not
bo novel; it maybe my ignorance that leads
me to suppose it is novel.
Mr. POMEROY. Has unanimous consent
been given?
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The third read-
ing of the bill cannot be had to-day if any
Senator objects. Unanimous consent has bpen
given thus far, but a single objection w.ll pre
vent the third reading of the bill to-day.
Mr. CAMERON. I have but a woid to say
in reply to the Senator from Ohio. A year or
two ago, on the application of the authorities
of Japan, authority was given by Congress to
educate six young men belonging to that nation
at the Naval Academy, not. for pay exactly,
t hough they pay their own expenses, to be sure,
and the Government has been put to no ex-
pense whatever by giving that permission. It
was supposed that we should be doing a ser-
vice to oui selves probably more than to the
nation who senu thes^ youth here, bocause we
should send them home not only with the mili
tary knowledge they get here, but wit'h a love
for our institutions and with a regard for our
people, and we hoped thereby to add to our
commerce and trade with that distant people.
It was not believed to be on the same princi-
ple as taking the youth of some European
nation who might in the early future have a
contest with us. It is an endeavor to allow
the communication of the knowledge we pos-
sess to a nation and people who are striving
now to give themselves a prominent position
among the nations of the earth. It is one of
those courtesies which may well take place
between nations, and which often do with great
grace take place between individuals. I can
see no objection to it, and I believe in commit-
tee there was no objection to it, especially as
we have already made the experiment iu allow-
ing Japanese youth to be received into the
Naval Academy.
Mr. THURMAN. I have listened with great
attention, and with the respect which I always
feel for him, to the suggestions of the Senator
from Pennsylvania, but I must say that I do
not feel convinced that this is right. If Jap-
anese youth wish to study our institutions or
our literature, the colleges of the country aro
open to them. If they wish to acquire military
knowledge, there are institutions of learning
in this country in which the military art is
taught besides the West Point Military Acad-
emy. I see no necessity, therefore, for the pur-
pose of cultivating good relations with the
empire of Japan, thit we should open these
military schools to them. If courtesy requires
us to open it to them, the same courtesy re-
quires us to open it to every other nation with
which we are on friendly relations — to all the
republics of South America, to any nation of
Europe, and to all the other nations of Asii
that may see fit to send their children here, and
one of these nations would have just cause of
complaint if we should admit these Japanese
youth and then refuse to admit their youth.
I do think that it would be of evil example,
and I do not think it is improved by the tact
that we have already set one bad example iu
admitting them into the school at Annapolis.
For these reasons, I shall feel compelled,
unless something shall be said to change my
mind, to vote against the bill.
Mr! MORTON. _ This is a request made by
the Government of Japan of the Government
of the United States. I believe it is a matter
of sound policy for us to grant this r^qne-t,
and I know of no danger to accrue from it. It
is not an example that we shall be bound to
follow in other eases. Should a request of that
kind be made by the Government of Great
Brir.ain, or of Russia, or of Fiance, we should
be under no obligation to grant it from the fact
that we grant this request of Japan. The con-
dition and character of those nations, and our
relations to them, arc very differentfrom those
of the people and the Government of Japan.
It is not necessary to describe what is the
condition of that people; we know that they
are trying to break away from the old system
of exclusion from the world. They have
recently sent a commission here to study our
financial system, with a view to its adoption.
They have recently taken citizens from this
country to superintend, to some extent, the
financial operations of their own and to intro-
duce our system. They are attempting to adopt
our civilization. And now they ask it as a
special favor that they shall be allowed to
educate, at their own expense, at our nation
Academy six cadets.
It seems to me that there ought to be no
hesitation in granting this request; that no
danger can accrue from it ; and that it is a
matter of sound policy on our part. The pros-
pect is that the commerce of Japan will be
chiefly with our country; and white we have
lost the commerce with the nations of the
East, we cau, by proper care and courtesy and
enterprise upon our part, command the com-
