3014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
is a quorum present, and I insist on the regular
order.
Mr. NYE. Let us pass this bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from New
Hampshire will agree to the amendment I have
suggested I will not object to the bill.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the words, " not above the
position formerly occupied by him."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. CAMERON. I object if I have the
power. This morning I wanted to get a
pension .for a poor old woman who has been
coming here twenty-live years, and I could not
geta moment. I object to anything else.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is too late
to make an objection now.
The amendment was concurred in.
It was ordered that the amendment be en-
grossed and the. bill read a third time. The
bill was read the third time, and passed.
TAX AND TARIFF BILL.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask leave to put on its
passage a bill which is a very important one.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular
order. There is a quorum present.
Mr. NYE. Will not the Senator from Ohio
yield to me that I may pass a bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. We must begin some
time. I gave uotice that at fifteen minutes
before eight I should call for the regular
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio calls for the regftlar order.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to give notice
that the very next combination made by the
Senator from Ohio, the chairman of this com-
mittee, and the Senator from Illinois, for their
own particular constituents, I shall object to.
Mr. LOGAN. Which Senator?
Mr. CAMERON. Not you, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have had no combina-
tion with anybody.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. It.
No. 2322) to reduce duties on imports, and to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
the pending question being on the amend-
ment submitted by Mr. Logan, to strike out
the following clause, beginning at line thirty-
six of section two:
On all paper and manufactures of paper, including
books and other minted matter not herein specific-
ally provided for.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I want to discuss this
bill long enough to inform the Senator from
Pennsylvania that I have been unable to get
anything passed at all.
Mr. CAMERON. If this is a part of the
discussion let me say that this morning the
Senator from Ohio gave way for a pension bill
because it was said the person was a citizen of
Ohio. I asked a little pension l'or a little old
woman who has been here twenty-five or thirty
years, and I could not get it. Now the Sen-
ator from Illinois makes a bargain with the
Senator from Ohio to geta favor again.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not got any-
thing.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques
tion is on the amedment of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Logan.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest that the para-
graph about printing-paper and manufactures
of papers be postponed until we reach the
eleventh page, when perhaps a vote of the
Senate may bring the two subjects together
naturally. I do it as a matter of convenience
and to save time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, that course will be adopted, and
the amendment will be passed over until we
reach the eleventh page relative to the tax on
books. Does the Senator from Illinois object?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be pursued, and the Secretary will read
the next amendment.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section two to strike out, in
lines forty to forty-three, the following proviso
to the elause relative to the duties on manu-
factures of India rubber, gutta percha, or straw,
and on oil-cloths of all descriptions:
Provided, That the rate of duty upon umbrellas,
parasols, and sunshades shall in no case be less than
is imposed upon goods of the same material and
finality as the coverings thereof.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is merely a trans-
position to another place.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. The next two items have
been transposed also.
The next amendment was in section two, to
strike out lines forty-four to forty-eight, in the
following words :
On all' steel, and on all manufactures of steel of
which steel is the component part of chief value:
Provided, That the duty upon cotton machinery
shall not be less than the duty imposed on the ma-
terial of which such machinery is constructed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two to
strike out lines forty-nine to fifty-Beven, in the
following words:
And all wire rope and wire strand or chain made
of iron wire, either bright, coppered, galvanized, or
coated with other metals, shall pay the same rate
of duty that is now levied on the iron wire of which
said rope or strand or chain is made; and all wire
ropo and wire strand or chain made of steel wire,
either bright, coppered, galvanized, or ooated with
other metals, shall pay the same rate of duty that
is now levied on the steel wire of which said rope or
strand or chain is made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two
to strike out line fifty-eight, in the words,
"on all lumber and manufactures of lumber."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two
to strike out lines fifty-nine and sixty, in the
following words:
On coal-tar reduced, or asphalt, pitch, bitumen,
or cement, manufactured from coal-tar, or its
residuum.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two
to strike out line sixty-one, in the words,
"on plate glass."
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask. does the
striking out of this mean that the article is
placed back in the old tariff list?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is included in the very
next line. This is merely a verbal change.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg pardon.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two,
after line sixty-one to insert:
On all earthenware, glass and glassware, and on
unwrought pipe-clay, fine clay, kaolin, and fuller's
earth.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I hope that
amendment will not be insisted on by the
committee. That is one of the most interest-
ing businesses and enterprises of this country.
It sprang into existeuce with the war in con-
sequence of the high premium on gold ; and
there are many manufactories in New Jersey
and Pennsylvania that are now languishing and
many of them closed. I speak especially of
earthenware, kaolin, and pipe-clay. The
earthenware is made out of clay found in this
country, and there is no propriety at this
time in reducing the tariff upon it. I have
talked with some members of the committee,
and I find that they are in considerable doubt
as to the propriety of this amendment. The
House of Representatives had it under con-
sideration, and they determined to leave the
duty as it now is, and I hope that the com-
mittee will not make this reduction of ten per
cent, on that struggling enterprise.
Mr. STOCKTON. I agree with my col-
league on this question. This is a very important
industry in our State. I myself as a general rule
am not in favor of protecting established inter-
ests ; but this, as my colleague has well said,
is a struggling interest. , In the city of Tren-
ton alone there is manufactured more of the
common earthenware, perhaps three times as
much as iu any other part of the United States.
I suppose three fourths of all the earthenware
manufactured in this country is manufactured
there. They located themselves there because
they could get clay easily, and they have strug-
gled to make a national business of it, and
they are now getting along tolerably well; but
it has been a struggle all the way through, and
I think it would be wise not to discriminate
against them in favor of foreigners. Contrary
to my general views and general principles on
this question of protection, I must say that I
think it would be wise to continue the existing
duty. I agree with my colleague that the
clause ought to be stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I can say is that the
present duty on earthenware i3 twenty-five per
cent., and on glass and glassware about forty
or fifty per cent. This matter was discussed
when the subject was before the Senate here-
tofore, and this particular clause was voted on
favorably by a very large majority on the yeas
and nays. If any change is made at all in the
section it ought to be .simply to strike out the
earthenware, because I have no doubt glass-
ware can bear the reduction. Besides, the
reduction is only two and a half per cent. I
doubt very much whether it will affect any
industry now employed.
Mr. CAMERON. I think it is very likely
that what the Senator says is correct as regards
glassware; but this earthenware, or stone-
ware as it is called, is anew manufacture in
our country. It began in New Jersey and has
been slightly carried on in Pennsylvania; and
it wants all the aid it can have. Everybody,
as far as I know, who has entered into the
manufacture, has lost money or been broken
up. I think the first attempt in this countiy
was made in Philadelphia by Judge Hemp-
hill about thirty years ago, a man then sup-
posed to have a large fortune, and his whole
fortune was lost in trying to introduce the
manufacture of what he called chinaware. It
was nothing else than stoneware. 1 think
that this clause ought to be stricken out of the
bill.
Mr. SCOTT. As this brings up the whole
question of this ten per cent, reduction, I avail
myself of the opportunity to say a word upon
it. I want to call the attention of the Senate
to their consistency oil this question.
When the report was formerly made this was
in it, "all earthenware,glass and glassware,"
just as it is here now. A reduction of ten per
cent, upon silks was also in the bill, and in
that bill pig iron and steel rails were excepted
from the ten per cent, reduction. The Senate
then struck out silk, and they are now asked
to strike out earthenware. It would be right
to do it, for I have in my hand petitions from
I suppose fifty or sixty establishments scattered
all over the land, signed not only by the pro-
prietors but by the operatives, asking that this
reduction shall not be made.
But, sir, it is all the same question, with
regard to earthenware that it is with regard to
the other industries upon which you aie mak-
ing the ten per cent, reduction ; it is simply a
question of labor; there is where the reduc-
tion is to come; and that was the testimony
from all quarters before the committee, that
no other reduction could be made lhau upon
labor. I have already called attention to the
discrimination which the Senate is making in
going back of its former action, leaving other
industries with protection ranging from fifty
up to one hundred per cent, and striking at
those industries in other quarters which
require the same protection.
Now, Mr. President, as I have already said,
I wish the Senate to be warned that but one
of two results can follow from this reduction,
either utter prostration and ruin or the re-
duction of the price of labor ; and if the
