1872.
the congressional globe.
2123
stock of the Piedmont and Potomac Railroad
Company was read a, second time, and con-
sidered us in Committee of the Whole.
Mi. EDMUNDS. Is there any report ac-
compativing that bill?
The PREoiDINU OFFICER. There is no
report.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear it
read again while I lind a book.
The bill w.is read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia what these provisions are that we
are approving and sanctioning without having
them before as or any information on the sub-
ject? I do not think the Senate ought to act
and tax the property of this District in this
manner blindly without having any informa-
tion upon the subject, without at least knowing
what it, is that the District of Columbia has
agreed to do, and knowing it m an authentic
way. We might as well tax the people of this
town to build a railroad in Alabama for aught
that we can learn from this bill.
Mr. COLE. 1 suppose of course that Sen-
ators must understand what this bill is. I do
not understand what it is, and no report is
here. The vote of the Senate has been to lay
aside the Indian appropriation bill for the pur-
pose of going on with a bill with which there
is no report, and which Senators certainly
cannot be presumed to know instinctively any-
thing about, to ratify the action of the Legis
lative Assembly of this District in reference
to some railroad, and there is nobody who
seems to know anything about it, or who is
•ready to disclose any information in regard
to it. I move, Mr. President, to lay the bill
on the table.
Mr. SPENCER called for the yeas and
nays ; and tliey were ordered.
Mr. SAWYER. I submit to the Senator
from "California that it is hardly fair to move
to lay this bill on the table before the Senator
who made the motion to take it up has had an
opportunity to say one word in explanation
of it. It is reported from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and there are at
least two or three gentlemen here who are
thoroughly latmliar with it, who could have
made a suggestion which would have answeied
the question asked ; but if the Senatoi fioin
California insists on his motion to lay on the
table, it is a sort of parliamentary courtesy
which I have never seen extended before.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Chair will
remind Senators that this motion is not debat-
able.
Mr. COLE. I thank the gentleman from
South Carolina for his last remark.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. COLE. I withdraw my motion for the
present, if I may be permitted to do so now.
Mr. STEWART. May I suggest that the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Lewis] have a
chance to explain the bill? I am in favor of
railroads, but 1 do not know anything about
this bill. I should like to hear something
about it. I do not know what the territo-
rial Legislature has done. I want to hear it
explained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from California to
withdraw the motion and to take the floor.
Mr. COLE. One moment, to make a remaik.
Mr. POMBROY. The motion cannot be
withdrawn, the veas and nays having been
ordered.
Mr. COLE. I wish to remark by unani-
mous consent- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
heard no. objection to the motion being with-
drawn. It refused unauioious consent.
Mr. COLE. The fact was disclosed that
there was no report accompanying the bill, no
authentic information regarding it, and con-
cerning such a bill there ought of course to be
something on which the Senate could have
authority to act.
Mr. SUMNER. I had the honor of making
the leport of this bill. It was in the absence
of the chairman of the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia. I was not aware that in
such a case a written report would be expected.
I doubt whether there has been a habit of the
Senaie in any such case to have reports. I
can state, however, that the bill was carefully
considered in the committee, that both sides
were heard at length, not one person nor two
persons, but several persons, so that there was
a very full statement of the case.
The practical question was whether Congress
would give its assent to a subscription by the
proper authorities of the District of Columbia
to the amount, I think, of $600,000 in favor
of an important railroad, opening a country
which is not now opened, and which the com-
mittee were satisfied was an immensely pro-
ductive region. The committee thought that
Washington would be benefited by opening
that count!y, that a railroad would be advan-
tageous. They found that the proper authori-
ties bad made this subscription. My friend at
my light [Mr. Nye] reminds me that a vote
of the people was taken, and it stood 12,000,
I think, to 600. Under these circumstances
the committee did not feel authorized to stand
in the way of the assent. They were satisfied
that the railroad would be very advantageous,
that the subscription was sustained by the peo-
ple, and by the proper authorities, ll'the evi-
dence in favor of the value of the road had
been less, if the people of the District had
been at all divided, it' the proper authorities
had hesitated in the subscription, there would
have been some justification for hesitation on
our part; but the committee on carefully con-
sidering it found no ground of hesitation.
They found that the road, if made, would be
unquestionably of advantage to this commun-
ity. They found that the community itself
on a popular vote was immensely in its favor,
and that in a constitutional way, through the
proper authorities, this assent had been given.
The question, then, was whether Congress
should interfere by its peculiar guardianship
and say to these authonties, and to the peo-
ple here, after their popular vote, '' You have
erred; we hold you back. We are your
guardians, and we tell you from this place of
authority you shall not make the subscrip-
tion." The committee did not think that
Congress would be justified in taking that
ground, and accordingly reported the bill
before you.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I understand that the Senate have by a vote
agreed to adjourn on the 29th of May ; I think
that is the day. The House of Representa-
tives can at any minute pass the resolution
fixing that a3 the day of adjournment. It is
beyond our control. We have now passed
one appropriation bill, and are considering
another ; and it seems to me to be very impru-
dent and indiscreet for the Senate to put aside
the appropriation bills to take up any other
business. While that subject is at the dis-
posal of the House, we ought to transact this
i necessary business of making appropriations.
After that is attended to, then we may attend
to other important legislation. I think it is a
strange policy that the Senate has adopted this
morning, when an appropriation bill is pend-
ing, to lay it aside to take up this railroad bill.
Now, one word in reference to this railroad
bill. I would ask the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, who reported the bill, to inform the
Senate, if the information has come to the
committee, what amount of genuine capital has
been subscribed and paid into this road. That
question is of course the one of vital import-
ance m determining whether the city ot Wash-
ington should subscribe $000,000 of stock,
because to subscribe that amount of stock, and
the city of Washington to pay it, when most of
the capital may or may not—I do n6t know
how the lact is—consist in the right of way or
iu (he franchise or in some other very evan-
escent kind of capital, would be a very singu-
lar proceeding.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If you get the charter
you will see. It has been stolen from my desk
within a few da vs.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That seems to
me to be a matter of consideration. In the next
place, I have never known a city or a county
or a State—no I will not say a State, for in
the early history of railroads I did know some
States, but I have never recently ktiovvn a
county or township that subscribed for rail-
road stock that was not the loser by it. And
one other observation. If the stock of a rail-
road company is desirable so that it is a good
investment for a corporation, there are abun-
dantcapitalists in this country who stand ready
at once to take the stock; and the very fact
that this stock is not sought after by capital-
ists, but that 'an application is made to the
District of Columbia to extend to it its bene-
faction, is proof to me that it is not desirable
stock.
One other observation 
Mr. LEWIS. Will the Senator from New
Jersey allow me to interrupt him there?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I shall be
through in a minute. 1 have only one other
observation to make; and that is, that it is not
the business of the city of Washington or the
District of Columbia to go into the purchase
of stock. This city of Washington is already
sufficiently in debt and it has m prospect the
contraction of a large necessary indebtedness,
and if we authorise the city to go into the pur-
chase of railroad stock, I inquire not of what
character, it will very soon embarrass the
finances of this city. I understand that this
subscription was approved by a vote of the
citizens. That has very little influence with
uie. There are a great many citizens in all
towns to whom it is a matter of indifference
whether the debt of the city is one'amount or
another amount, and who care very little about
it. This was carried by a vote of some twelve
thousand to six hundred, it is said, I think it
v.as; but the vote of this District is some
twenty-five thousand, and therefore there
seems to have been at least a majority of the
voters who abstained from voting in favor of
this subscription. I think that the Congress
of the United States are perfectly justifiable
in keeping a supervision over the finances of
this city, and in seeing that it does not involve
itself beyond its means of payment.
These are the reasons why I shall, when the
time comes, not necessarily vote against this
bill, although I have no doubt I shall at any
time vote against it, for my mind is quite defi-
nitely made up ; but at all events 1 shall vote
to lay the bill on the table so that we may pro-
ceed with the necessary and legitimate business
of this peiiod of the session.
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. President, the objection
raised by the Senator from New Jersey to the
consideration of this bill at this stage of the
session, lor want of time, I think comes with a
bad grace from those who are opposing the
bill. 1 have consumed as little time of the
Senate as any other Senator upon the floor.
Another objection he raises is that these cor-
porators are not responsible men, or that they
have not subscribed anything. I say that they
have subscribed $tiG-5,000.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I did not say
so. I asked for information. I did not know.
I asked what they had paid in.
Mr. LEWIS. "I will give the gentleman the
information. I say they are responsible men
and two of them can build every mile of this
road, and the stock is sought after and will be
valuable stock when the road is completed.
The corporators are Eugene Kelly, of New
York, S. D. Sutton, A. L. Reed, and some
other names that I cannot make out, written
iu pencil, two of whom, I have been credibly
