1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8915
Senate and the party with which I have the
honor to act are ready for either of these re-
sults, I want them to look forward to the fact
that they are preparing the way to bring them
about. I do not wisli to be responsible for
the results that are to follow this redaction.
Looking to Pennsylvania, speaking for it, I
shall not hold myself responsible for the re-
sults which will follow from this reduction,
and those who vote for this reduction must b,e
ready to take the consequences .which do fol-
low ; for I tell you, Mr. President, unon this
question of labor (for it is that only; we are
more interested in that State, both physically,
if I may so speak, or pecuniarily and polit-
ically, than Senators perhaps dream of.
Now, sir, having said this on this whole
subject, for this is my sentiment on this ten
per cent, reduction, 1 shall trouble the Senate
with uo further remarks oji that question, but
content myself with, voting against this reduc-
tion.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. When this
subject was discussed before the committee I
felt that this was one of the most doubtful
things which were subject to the reduction of
ten per cent. If the reduction applied to the
higher grade of china, the ornamented china,
it could be very well borne, but this redaction
applies to earthenware. That includes brown
earthens, include,) stoneware, and includes
common queensware, the only varieties that
are being made successfully in the country.
I desire to see the whole of the crockery that
is used in the United States made here.
We have ample material, we have workmen
that can do it, and I do not believe that it is
wise to reduce the duty at this time on earthen-
ware. I should much rather see the reduction
upon the other varieties, where it would not
interfere with interests already established.
Mr. CAMERON. I move to strike out the
whole section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the amendment as re-
ported, inserting this provision.
Mr. CAMERON. I move, then, to strike
out " earthenware." I should prefer to have
the whole section stricken out. We ought to
encourage the manufacture of this article
called earthenware. Senators who have thought
about it at all will remember that that is
the foundation of all those beautiful pieces
of art which we now have, called china or china
ware, which began somewhere in the East, per-
haps in China proper, but I think long before
we knew much about China. It was brought
into England three hundred years ago. AUthe
world have been trying to imitate it since.
They have succeeded very well in England,
butT,hey hare succeeded to a much greater ex-
tent in France, and what is now called the
Sevres ware in France began by the protection
which the manufacturers there got to their
coarse ware called china. We have sometimes
come very near making large vessels of what
they call china in this country under the name
of stoneware, but we have nothing very fine
yet. There is not a Senator here now but has
felt the difference between taking his tea out
of a beautiful thin cup such as they make in
China or such as they make in France, com-
pared with drinking it out of an old tin cup or
a rough china cup now called earthenware in
the United States.
if glassware was now as costly as gold and
silver nobody would have silver or gold upon
his table, but would supply it with glass,for there
is no production of the world which comes from
the artisan's hand so beautiful as beautiful
glass. Who has ever taken a drink of water
from one of those thin glasses that are so light,
almost, as light as a zephyr, and so transparent
that you can see the fountain itself almost
springing up there, and then compare that
with taking it out of the gourd which we used
to have to take up water with in the mountains
when I was a boy. We ought to do everything
we can to encourage that sort of production,
and for that reason I should like to have this
whole section stricken out; because while
glass is a great deal more important in its man-
ufacture than what we call earthenware, the
time will come in this country, where we have
all the material for making it, that we shall
have glass just as beautiful and commanding
as high a price as the glass now furnished
for the richest people's tables in Frauds or
England. Have any of you thought what high
prices the most perfect productions of glass
have brought? I will not troubleyou now with
describing the process. That you can all find
out. Nor shall I dilate tipon how beautiful it
is in the eye of any man or woman of taste.
That is the sort of thing that we ought to pro-
duce here, and we'ean, because here it is all
labor, as my colleague said. We have the
purest sand, the best sand for making glass
and for making china and for making earth-
enware that there is in the whole world, and
yet are we to refuse to take care of our labor-
ers who are trying to turn that worthless sand
into beautiful works of art.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. My motion spe-
cifically is to amend the amendment by strik-
ing out the words "all earthenware," and
then we just do wjjat the House did. They
struck it out.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope this may be stricken
out. It is an article that is now being man-
ufactured in my own State to some extent,
not very successfully at the commencement of
its manufacture, and the success has been
rather varied, but at this time I believe it is
being manufactured with some success. I
agree with the Senators from New Jersey and
Pennsylvania that these are industries which
are now being established and should be en-
couraged, and that we ought not to make a re-
duction upon the tariff on these industries now
in their infancy. We should allow them to get
firmly established before we make a reduction
of the duties on the foreign article. I hope,
therefore, that these words may be stricken
out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey striking out "all earthenware,"
in line sixty-two.
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator from New
Jersey desires to follow the House provision,
permit me to say to him that the House struck
out the whole of the clause including glass
and glassware, and I hope there will be no
such discrimination made as to strike out one
and leave in the other.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I am in favor
of striking out the whole paragraph ; but I sup-
pose if the vote is taken on striking out the
whole paragraph and the Senate iefuses to
strike it out, it would then be too late to move
to strike out "earthenware."
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator, or the Chair, is not the motion now
pending a motion to strike out and insert?
The PRESIDING OFFIClfiR. There is no
motion of that sort pending. The motion is
to strike out the words " all earthenware."
Mr. CONKLING. What was done with
the previous line? Was that strilck out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was.
Mr. CONKLING. The question might
have been taken on that motion to strike out
and insert, and it would have brought up the
whole question as presented by the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to amend that
motion by striking out the whole paragraph.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on agreeing to the paragraph, and
this is a motion to amend the. portion pro-
posed to be agreed to. The motion of the
Senator from New Jersey is first in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust Senators will not
regard this as a trivial matter, or treat it as a
matter that is to be decided by reference to a
pewter mug or a china mug, or anything of that
kind. This bill is an effort to relieve the peo-
ple of the United States from the hardens of
taxation. There is imposed upon glass and
glassware a range of duties from forty-five to
one hundred per cent, ad valorem. The
glassware interest in this country is in a pros-
perous condition. There never has been a
substantial complaint made in regard to glass
and glassware. There was some complaint
made by the potters of New Jersey that a re-
duction of twenty-five per cent, acl valorem
might do them harm. They represented that
a portion of their industry was now in danger;
some of their ovens were not used, and they
thought a reduction of ten per cent, would
injure them ; but I do not now recall a single
complaint from any manufacturer of glass or
glassware.
The "duty on cylinder and ground and com-
mon window-glass is forty-nine and a half per
cent.; the duty on certain sizes of glass above
the medium size is sixty-three and a half per
cent.; the duty on others is sixty-two per cent.;
the duty on others is sixty per cent. To say that
the persons engaged in this industry cannot
afford a reduction of five per cent, on these
enormous rates of duty when there has been
no substantial complaint made from that in-
terest, is to reduce the argument of an extreme
protective tariff to an absurdity.
There is now imported into this country of
glass and glassware a great amount. The
duties received from this source aloue amount
probably to over a million dollars. I am not
now prepared to state it exactly, but I think it
is between one and two millions; and besides,
the domestic production is fairly and profit-
ably employed. Now, if we are to relieve the
people of the United States from taxes, if the
object of this bill is to reduce taxes, it does
seem to me that those things which enter into
the ordinary uses of common life ought to have
some benefit and some relief.
So far as earthenware is concerned I feel
very little interest in it. It is an industry of
comparatively small importance. The amount
of earthenware produced in this country,
except the coarser earthenware, which has the
market to itself, is not very great. The earth-
enware of this country which is in danger of
the competition of the Liverpool and other
wares is comparatively in its infancy, and if
the Senator from New Jersey had confined
his effort to protecting the infant industry of
those people who are engaged in making
crockery pottery, I should not so much object.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. That is my
motion, and that only.
Mr. SHERMAN. But now the effort is
made, and we hear it all over the Senate,'
" We will strike all this out," as if it was a
m'atter of moonshine.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. My motion is
only for earthenware.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot state without
reference to the documents, but I take it the
earthenware produced in this country is com
paratively a small industry. The great body
of t,he earthenware, like the Liverpool and
chinaware, is brought from foreign countries.
We have not yet established the industry. But
glass aud glassware is very different. That is
a great industry, using millions of dollars of
capital. The glass that is imported from
abroad is mainly of the expensive kind, plate-
glass and what is called window glass of vari-
ous forms and various kinds, producing be-
tween one and two millions of revenue. It is
upon those articles where the industry of the
country is fairly established, articles which
enter into universal use in every family in the
United States, that we ought to get the ben-
efit of the relief proposed by this bill. There-
fore, when a motion to strike out this clause
was made, applying only to a small branch of
this industry, I did not feel myself bound to
resist it to any extent, but simply to state the
facts. I do not believe that any oven will be
stopped by the reduction of duty of two and one
half per cent., and I do not believe the Sen-
