1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3019
Mr. HARLAN. Not without the consent of
the Indians.
Mr. CALDWELL. I appeal to the Senator
from Nevada not to offer any objection to the
bill.
Mr. NYE. The Senator from Kansas may
rest content. I have no intention to make any
objection.
Mr. CALDWELL. We have considered
the matter in the Indian Committee. The bill
then passed the House, and is substantially the
same bill we were ready to report from our
own committee.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
idaho and washington elections.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair lays
before the Senate the bill (H. R. No. 1030) to
regulate elections in Washington and Idaho
Territories, which passed the Senate and has
been returned from the House of Representa-
tives on account of a message transmitted to
the House asking its return, the Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Morton] having moved to recon-
sider the vote upon its passage.
Mr. MORTON. I hope that question will
be taken now for various reasons.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now before
the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I think it had better lie on
the table for the present.
Mr. MORTON. It ought to be decided.
The VICE PRESIDED T. The Senator from
Indiana has moved to reconsider the vote on
the passage of a bill.
Mr. MORTON. Let it be decided.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, there is an effort
made to attach considerable importance to this
bill. I do not think there is a great deal of
importance in it; and in order that the Senate
may be posted precisely in regard to the facts
before they act, I will read a letter from the
Delegate from Idaho, addressed to me:
"Washington, D. C., March 4,1872.
Dear Sir: Allow me to call your attention
briefly to the bill (H. R. No. 1030) to regulate
elections in Washington and Idaho Territories
reported by you troui the Senate Committee on
Territories on the 1st instant.
Prior to the year 1869, March 3, the elections were
held m Idaho Territory in the fall ot the year, as
provided by law enacted by the Legislative Assem-
bly ot said Territory.
in 1860 Congress passed an act fixing the elections
in Washington and Idaho Territories in June, on
the same day election was held in Oregon.
The ostensible reason for this change was that
voters from those Territories colonized in Oregon
and voted illegally, thereby influencing the elec-
tions in said State.
That this was an entire misapprehension, at least
in regard to the people of Idaho Territory. I have
no doubt, knowing as I do the people of Idaho, the
relative situation of Idaho and Oregon, the distances
between tho nearest places of election in each. &c.
The charge was that Democrats from these Terri-
tories, by illegally voting in Oregon, improperly
influenced the elections in that State, and hence
the necessity of fixing the time of elections in those
Territories on the same day that the Oregon election
was held.
To show how little foundation there was for tlie
charge, I beg leave to call your attention to tiie
fact that for several years prior to the act of Con-
gress referred to, the State ot Oregon voted Repub-
lican, and that at the election m 18s>8 rhat St&tw
elected a Democrat to Congress, and in 1870, subse-
quent to passage of the act referred to, y Democratic
Legislature and State officers and member of Con-
gress. _ ,
The distance between the most easterly precincts !
in Oregon and the most westerly in Idaho is from j
fifty to one hundred miles, and tliose very small pre- j
cmcts, aggregating less than one hundred votes, ,
the population on the easterly border of Oregon j
and the westerly border of Idaho being exceedingly i
sparse. f j
_ The reasons for the change proposed by the bill ;
R. No. 1030) are—
1. In June both the agricultural and mining
population are busily engaged in their several pur-
suits—the one in cultivating and preparing to gather
their crops, the other in mining and nece&sariiy
utilizing, to the greatest possible extent, tho water,
which is then ordinarily at its highest stage from
the melting snows. Hence, where precincts are far
Apart, as they necessarily aie iu a thinly settled
country, persons can only vote at a loss of valuable
time and labor. November, the time proposed for
the elections in Idaho and Washington, is a season
Of leisure.
2. In the northern part of Idaho, (namely, in the
counties of I\ez Perce, Shoshone, and Idaho,) where
the snows ordinarily fall to agreat depth, itis almost
an impossibility in the spring of the year for either
political party to hold primaries and conventions
to assist m nominating candidates. This has been
the case to such an extent, that with the exception
of one year neither of those counties has ever par-
ticipated m the conventions of either political party
in Idaho. Moreover, sometimes in June the water
in the mountain streams is so high as to make it
excessively inconvenient for persons to go to the
polls.
3. If it is necessary in order to prevent the people of
Idaho and Washington Territories from improperly
influencing the State elections in Oregon that the
elections in those Territories should be held on the
same day as in Oregon, then what scheme will Con-
gress devise to preventsuch interference in the pres-
idential election in that State, that is if that election
be deemed important compared to a State election ?
The constitution and laws of Oregon require a
bona fide residence of six months in the State and
ninety days in the county in order to entitle a per-
son to vote. The usual oath of citizenship, resi-
dence, <fcc., is required of persons offering to vote,
and whose votes are challenged, and persons voting
illegally are subjected to severe penalties. These
safeguards, in addition to the act of Congress, are
surely sufficient to preserve the purity ot the ballot-
box m Oregon, even against the "raiders" from
Idaho and Washington.
I have yet to learn of a citizen of Washington or
Idaho Territory who has been arrested, presented,
indicted, or prosecuted for voting illegally in Oregon.
That fact is sufficient evidence that there has been
no such illegal voting.
This Congress has passed an act (the apportionment
bill),fixing the first Tuesday after the first Monday
in November, 1876, and every two years thereafter,
as the time for the election of Representatives and
Delegates to Congress in the several States and Ter-
ritories.
Hoping you will excuse the length of this letter, I
have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient
servant' SAM. A. MBRBITT,
Delegate from Idaho.
Hon. Jambs W. Nye, Chairman Committee on Terri-
tories o/ ike Senate.
These are just the facts in this case. It is
claimed on the part of the honorable Sena-
tor from Oregon [Mr. Cokbett] that they are
liable in that State to depredations from these
Territories. I am not quite as willing as some
to believe that people would travel one hun-
dred miles for the purpose of depositing a vote
illegally, and having the penitentiary of Ore-
gon all the time in view if they make the
attempt. I think, as I said the other day in
the few remarks I made on this bill, that the
imagination of my distinguished friend from
Oregon has been lightened up to an unusual
heat, and he sees as through a glass dimly the
result of this change.
I ought to state, however, that the Territory
of Washington is a very strong P^epublican
Territory, and it is very ably represented, as
far as Territories ran be, in the other branch
of Congress. I have in my drawer a letter
from the Delegate from Washington, in which
he joins in this request for the convenience of
their voters.
The question for the Senate to determine is
simply this : whether the risk run in the State
of Oregon is greater than the convenience to
these two sparsely settled, wide-spread_ Terri-
tories iu their elections. For one, I think the
bill ought to pass, and I would not be afraid
to guaranty that, there will not be a voter m
Oregon from either of these Territories.
Mr. COilBETT. It is necessary for me to
state, briefly the facts in this case. At the com-
mencement of the war, as every one knows,
the Douglas wing of the Democratic party
joined with the iAepublicaus of Oregon, and
we carried the State by nearly two to one.
Mr. Nesmith, who represented that wing of
the Democratic parly on this floor, was an
Administration Senator at that time. Imme-
diately after Mr. Johnson assumed the chair
of President those gentlemen commenced grad-
ually returning to the Democratic ranks. Mr.
Nesmith, who was the leader of the Douglas
Democracy, is now a Democrat, and is can-
vassing the State for the Democratic party.
Therefore the support of that portion of the
Democratic party was lost to what we then
called the Union party of Oregon. _We car-
ried the State for a number of elections, and
through the entire war. At the close of the
war these gentlemen returning to the Demo-
cratic ranks threw our State back into the
Democratic party. Previous to the passage
of this law they carried the State by twelve
hundred and fifty votes. Immediately after
the passage of the law we reduced the major-
ity to three hundred and fifty on the Congress-
man and from four to five hundred on the
Governor.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the Senator
whether after the passage of the act of 1868,
which it is now proposed to repeal, it was dis-
covered by the difference in the number of
votes given, either in the towns of Idaho bor-
dering on Oregon, or the towns of Oregon
bordering oil Idaho and Washington, respect-
ively, that the voting was influenced by the
act?
Mr. CORBETT. All I can say with refer-
ence to that is, that it was claimed, as I had
read from the statement of my former col-
league in this body the other day, that there
was illegal voting, and that in one precinct he
believed there were one hundred illegal votes
cast. I have no information as to the exact
number of votes iu the various precincts. In
the eastern portion of Oregon, east of the
Cascade range of mountains, every county and
every precinct on the Oregon side is Demo-
cratic, and every county in Idaho and Wash-
ington on that side is Democratic. The Dem-
ocrats have that country all in their own hands,
and it is supposed that these men went across
the lines at the time of the election and voted
in Oregon, it is so claimed. I was not pres-
ent at that election; I can only speak from
information received from our people. I feel
it my duty to state the case to the Senate, and
to prevent the passage of this bill, if possible.
If the bill is passed, and the Democrats carry
our State by an increased majority this year, £
fear and feel that the people of Oregon will
blame me for allowing the bill to pass, and
assign it to that reason. I believe if the Stat')
is carried by the Democrats it will be iu con-
sequence ot the repeal of this law. So feeling
within myself, I have deemed it proper to state
these facts to the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to make a sugges-
tion to the Senator right here. If in fact be-
fore the passage of the law of 1868 citizens
from Idaho went over and voted in Oregon,
and then returned to their election and voted
iu Idaho, the aggregate of the vote given in
the towns in Oregon and in Idaho would be
much greater as shown- by the returns than
their true vote, whereas after the law passed
and these voters were employed at home on
the same day, the true vote would be re-
vealed. If the Senator has compared the vote
in those towns given after the passage of the
act of 1868 with the vote given before, he w.U
be able to give us information as to the influ-
ence of that act.
Mr. CO RBETT. I did not anticipate that
there would be any effort to repeal this law,
which is in the interest of fair and honest elec-
tions between Washington and Idaho and Ore-
gon ; I supposed that no one could desire the
repeal of the law ; and therefore it did not
occur to me that it would be necessary to bring
that information to the Senate. It has been
impossible for me since this bill has been in-
troduced to obtain that information. I have
not had time to do so. I simply state that
these precincts on both sides of the line in
Oregon and in Washington and Idaho being
Democratic, they have an opportunity, if they
choose, to bring their voters across and vote
them m Oregon, those Territories holding their
elections at a different time in November. Of
course, if we lose our Stat'e in June we shall
lose it in November, so far as our party is
concerned. All I desire is that we shall
have an honest vote in that State. I believe
the Republican party is in a majority and can
carry the State at this election if we have an
honest vote. If this law is repealed, I fear
we shall lose the State in a- party sense. I
