18T2.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2T9
42  Gong....2d Sess.
Indiana Election Contest—Mr. Gooding.
Ho. oi' Heps.
cases, and whatever may be the result they
will be content.
I might say here, perhaps properly, that
there is a large portion of our people who
would feel that such a result, if the Senate
should seat Mr. Abbott, wouldbe a fitting and
merited rebuke to the Legislature which under-
took to make this election. They feel that the
Legislature was elected under such circum-
stances and by such agencies that it was not
really the Legislature of the people of the
State. Members were allowed seats in the body
who were notoriously and confessedly under
the disability imposed by the fourteenth
amendment. They attempted to subvert the
constitution of the State in a manner contrary
to the provisions of the instrument, and alto-
gether revolutionary. They manifested a spirit
of general lawlessness and disregard of con-
stitutional obligations. Should their conduct
in the election of Senator result in seating the
candidate of the orderly minority of that body,
the rebuke would hardly be regretted by the
better portion of the people of the State. 1
do not mean this for the purpose of influencing
the Senate, or of producing any effect whatever
upon Senators, but only to give expression to
what I believe to be the common sentiment of
the people of North Carolina.
I think, Mr. President, that in view of the
whole law it is a case in which the minoiity
has legally elected a candidate by the miscon-
duct and insubordination of the majority ; that
the right of that candidate to his seat in this
body is a vested right; that Mr. Abbott is
legally entitled to his seat. The Senate is to
judge and pass upon this as an individual
ease. However decided, it will be no prece-
dent for the future, because it is a subject over
which Congress has entire control. We may
pass a law for the future as we think it should
be. The Senate must consider this case under
the law as it, is. What is the right of the party ?
What should a judge in passing upon private
right decide in such a case before lnui?
Election Conte&l—Gooding vs. Wilson.
SPEECH OF HON D. S. GOODING,
OF INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
April 22, 1872.
The House having under consideration the report
of the Committee of'Elections on the contested-
election case of Gruuding us. Wilson, from the fourth
distiiot of Indiana—
Mr. GOODING (the contestant) said:
Mr. Speaker: I rise now for the purpose
of asserting before this House the rights of
the people of the fourth congressional district
of the Slate of Indiana. I ain, perhaps, bet-
ter informed with regard to the facts in this
case than others who have addressed the
House, having been a parly to the ease. And
I say to you, Mr. Speaker, and to the House,
that I have not one particle of doubt, of my
election to represent that district in this Con-
gress. I know it as well as such a fact can be
Known. And I believe that the honorable
gentleman who is the contestee in this case
knows it as well as 1 do. I propose, il the
House will give me its attention for the brief
space of time that I have the privilege of
addressing it, to endeavor to show, not only
that I was elected, but that my competitor
knows that 1 was elected, and that he was not
elected.
1 regret very much that I am so^restricted
in timtTin presenting the facts in this ease to
this House. I shall be compelled, in view of
the shortness of the time, to abbreviate my re-
marks, and especially to omit to notice many
of the minor points raised in this case. I may
say at this point that I b-vve been ready at all
times to have this case decided upon its merits
without any reference to legal technicalities.
I so proposed before there was any testimony
taken ; 1 so proposed in my brief. And I now
say to this House that I would scorn to have
this seat unless I received a majority of the
legal votes cast by the voters of that district
at that election for member of Congress. I
ask no support on any other ground than the
merits of my case.
I am compelled to pass over some minor
points to which I would be pleased to call the
attention of the House, and at once come to
the errors which are charged. In the first place
I call the attention of members to the vote as
cast at the Green township poll in Wayne
county. I charge that at that poll the official
count was erroneous by 5 votes against me.
And I will produce the testimony upon which
that charged is based. In the first place the
official and certified vote at that poll cannot
possibly be true. Now, as to the proof of that,
statement. The total vote cast at that poll, as
proven by all the witnesses who testified on
the subject, and uncontradicted by any one, is
229, the official and certified return of the
aggregate vote for Congressman is 229, when
it is iu proof by two or three witnesses that
three of the voters who voted at that poll did
not vote at all for member of Congress. Then
if these witnesses testify truthfully (and they
are not contradicted by any one,) it is impos-
sible that the official and certified vote can be
correct.
Now, sir, this error was not only apparent
afterwards, but at the very time when the offi-
cial count was being made the attention of
the board was called to the fact that there were
two ballots containing filenames of both candi
dates; and of course these were not counted
for either. On one other ballot the name of
the contestee was erased and no other inserted.
This was not only discovered in the recount,
but at the time when the official count was
made. The proof in this case is uncontra-
dicted. Let me read from the testimony.
Isaac Y. King, a judge of the election, testi-
fies :
'• Question. State whether or not, during said count-
ins out ot the tickets at said poll, you discovered any
ticket or tickets with both the names of Jeremiah
SI. Wilson and David S. Gooding printed thereon,
and unerased lor Congress, and it so, how mimy?
"Answer. I did discover two tickets with the
names ot J erennah M. Wilson and David S. Good-
ing, both on each ticket, unscratchcd.
"Question. Stato if you remember whether those
two tickeis weie announced by the inspector for
either of the candidates for Congress, aud if so, for
which, or whether you remember.
"Answer. They were not announced for either.
Thompson Smith, a clerk of election, testi-
fies :
" Question. State wha t remarks, if any, were made
by Jesse Cate, one of the judges of the election, in
the piesenee and hearing of the board, and white
engaged in counting out the ballots, about any tiekets
double on Congressman, or any tickets on which the
name of Jeremiah M. Wilson_wns scratched, and
whether at said time he examined the poll-book to
see who voted said ticket--'.
"Answer. When Jesse Cate found the double tick-
ets with the name, of J ereiniah JI. Wilson and David
S. Goodmg printed thereon, both names unscratched,
he said He had a curiosity in knowing v,lio voted
said tickets, and got the poll-books aud turned to
the numbers corresponding to the names on the tick-
ets, and reported thenamcsot the persons who voted
them, and when he came to a Republican ticket with
the name of Jeremiah M. Wilson scratched off, and
the name of David K. Gooding inserted, ho said he
wanted to know what Republican was so weak-kneed
and chicken-hearted, and referred to the poll-book
for the number corresponding with the number on
the tickct to ascertain the name, and then reported
the same."
Jesse Cate was the Republican judge at this
poll.
Here is the proof not only by one of the
judges of the election, but by a clerk of the
election, that at the time when the vote was
being eonnted it was discovered and talked
about that there were three ballots which could
not be counted for either candidate. Yet the
official return shows that the whole vote was
cast for the two candidates, therefore it is
impossible that the official return can be cor-
rect.
That return being proved incorrect, it sets
aside the presumption of law in favor of the cor-
rectness of the official return. The presump-
tion of law is that the official vote as certified
is correct; but it is a presumption capable of
being set aside by proof, aud such proof is pre-
sented in this case.
The question then comes up if the official
count was not correct, what was the correct
count? Now, sir, we have a recount. Within
three weeks after the election, Samuel Pitts, a
Republican inspector, and the friend of the
contestee, made a recount of these ballots by
himself alone; and after that recount of the
ballots for Congressmen he reported that there
was a mistake of 5 votes in the official count
against contestant, and he has testified that that
report made by him was correct.
Samuel Pitts, the inspector, who made the
first recount all alone, and who was a Repub-
lican aud supporter of the contestee, testifies:
"The whole vote cast was 229, and there, was counted
atfd certified for Jeremiah M. Wilson 150, and there
was couutod and certified lor David S. Gooding 70
votes.
"Question. State if at any time afterward you ex-
amined n 11 of said tickets one at a time for the
purpose of ascertaining whether there had been any
mistake in the ollicial count and certificate of votes
east at that poll tor Representative in Congress; and
if so, when and what was the result ot said recounting
by you as to the vote lor Congress; and who, it any
person, was present at the time, and to whom you
iiist communicated the, result of your said recount.
"Answer. Yes, 1 did ; some two or three weeks
after the election. I cannot state the number of
votes for each Congie&siuan ; I did not charge my
memory with it. I knew then, and ,«o stated to
Thompson Smith; and a day or two alter that I
stated this fact to Jesse Cate and Isaac King?. There
was no one present when I eountcd the tickets. I
I bcliove the count I made was 155 votes tor Jere-
miah M. Wilson, and I think Goouing was 71 votes;
I am not positive about it.
''Question. State whether the statement of there-
count made by you, first to Thompson Smith and
afterward to Jesse Cate and Isaac Y. King, was a cor-
rect and tiurlitul statement, and whether H did not
make a change of 5 votes in the result ot the offi-
cial vote for Congressman at that poll?
"Ausxoer. Yes, according to the way I understood
the count. It made a change in the result in the
first and last count of 5 votes/'—Testimony, page 23.
Again, in answer to forty-eighth question,
(page 27,) Pitts says:
" I think I stated (on 2d November, to Smith and
King) that Jeremiah M. Wilson had received 155
votes, and David S. Gooding 71 votes for Congress."
As to the second recount made by Pitts,
Lewis D. Stubbs, attorney for contestee, and
A. Lomax Study, the notary public before
whom contestee took his deposition, Pitts testi-
fies :
"Question* State if at another time afterward, at
your residence, in the presence of Lewis D. Stubbs
and A. Lomax Study,you again carefully examined
all of said tickets, so tar as concerned the candidates
for Congress, and arrived at the same result as on
your first recount?
" Answer. Yes-, I examined the tickets and called
the names, and they kept tally; they had a tally-
sheet apiece; I do not know the result; do not know
whether they agreed in their tally; they did not
handle the tickets. After studying about it I think*
their count agreed with iny first recount."—Page 23.
On January 11, 1871, the third and last
recount was made by Pitts, King, Smith, and
Scott. Of this recount Pitts testifies:
" Question* State if on to-day you, Isaac Y. King,
Thompson Smith, and Andrew F. Scott, carelully
counted the tickets produced by you to-day before
the notary public and introduced m evidence by
contestant.so far as the same relates to Congress-
man; and if so, how many of them were voted tor
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and how many for David S.
Gooding for Congress .
"Answer. We did; 155 for Jeremiah M. Wilson, 71
for David S. Gooding/—Page 27.
The second recount of the poll was made by
Samuel Pitts, .Republican inspector, Lewis D.
Stubbs, the attorney of the contestee. and by
A. L. Study, notary public, before whom the
confestee's depositions were taken at Rich-
mond. Those three Republicans—-the friends
