332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
East. She is sending here to learn our system
of agriculture, our system of laws. A book-
seller told me that he was constantly exporting
to Japan the laws of this country. Wo have
already admitted these youth to our Naval
Academy, and as a matter of national court-
esy, with a view of extending our republican
institutions, it seems to me that it is proper
that they should have the facility of becoming
acquainted with all the institutions of our
country.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move to amend the
bill by inserting after the words "rules and
regulations of the Academy" the words "as
to admission."
Mr. FRBUNGHUYSEN. I would suggest
" and religious tests."
Mr. CARPENTER. There is no religious
test in that Academy. They certainly should
not be allowed to loaf on Sunday and have a
good time while the rest of the cadets are
worshiping.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the proviso as it will stand if amended.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And provided further. That the Secretary of "War
may, ia the case of the said persons, modify or dis-
pense with any provisions of the rules and regula-
tions of the said Academy, as to admission, the en-
forcement of which circumstances may, in his opin-
ion, render unnecessary or undesirable.
Mr. CAMERON. I accept the amendment.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest to the chairman
that this amendment may lead to an embar-
rassment. There are a great many regulations
notapplying to admission, applieableto Ameri-
can youths, that might not be applicable to
these Japanese youths, and which, if enforced
as to them, would substantially prevent their
entering the institution or remaining there. It
seems to me, therefore, it should be left to the
Secretary of War to alter the regulations in
regard to any matter which would enable those
youths to go there and take^ part in the exer-
cises of the Academy, not simply in regard to
admission.
And now upon the point of requiring them
to attend church, they have a different system
of reiigion; they do not accept Christianity;
and if we propose to do an act of national
courtesy it might not exactly comport with it
to require them to attend the services of a
Christian church. That matter, however, is
perhaps susceptible of argument 011 both sides.
The point that I make is this, that there are
many regulations which might not properly be
applicable to them, and which the Secretary
of War should have the discretion to dispense
with as to them. Therefore X am in favor of
leaving it with the Secretary of War, as pro-
vided in the original resolution. !
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. This being a bill !
reported by the Senator from Pennsylvania ;
from a committee, he cannot technically accept i
the amendment, and as the Senator from in- i
diana objects to its being accepted, it will be
regai ded as pending, and the question is on
agreeing to it.
Mr. CARPENTER. Attending service on
the baboath at West Point is a part of ths
military discipline of that school. It is one
of the means for onforeiog good order, clean-
liness, and regularity of habits. Now, if these
men are to go there and are not to have the
benefit of our imperfect religion, then cer- j
tainly they should have a chaplain of their j
own; but that these men shall be there and 1
shall be relieved from any sort of observance |
of Sunday, and shall have no religious instruc- I
tion either in their theory or ours, I am op- i
posed to. j
Now, sir, of the cadets that go to West I
Point some are members of the Catholic !
church, some are Methodists, some Presby-
terians, some belong to no church at all. The
rule of discipline requires that all of them shall
attend in chapel and be marched there once
on the Sabbath. If these men cannot con-
form to that rule, they should not be in that
institution. Nobody is bound to believe any
more than he pleases. They are simply re-
quired to be present at that service, and with-
out regard to a man's religious belief or what
church he may belong to. Our own children
are all subjected to that regulation, and it is
an entirely proper one as a mere military
regulation.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask a ques-
tion for information, and that is whether the
Japanese Government, directly or indirectly,
have made anv request for this?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes.
Mr. SAWYER. In what way? I should like
to have the chairman of the committee state.
Mr. CAMERON. I will answer the Sena-
tor. The request has been made to the State
Department by the Japanese minister now res-
ident here.
Mr. THURM AN. The chairman of the com-
mittee states that a request of this sort has
been made by the Japanese minister. That
may have been a request made at the instance
of his Government, or it may have been at ths
instance of some Japanese youth.
Mr. CAMERON. I think we may take for
granted that if an application is made by the
minister it comes from the emperor, his mas-
ter. This application came in the regular course
to the State Department.
Mr. MORTON. It purports to be in the name
of his Government.
Mr. CAMERON. Yes, in the name of his
Government, and there is no doubt about it at
all. I have no special objection to the amend-
ment. but I should rather have the resolution
as it has been drawn up and presented here.
T have no objection to making these people go
to church. 1 think everybody who goes to
school ought to conform to the regulations ;
and I have no doubt they will be compelled
to do so or leave the school; but I think you
are only incumbering the bill when you add
to it anything more than is already there. In
order to have it pass without wasting time I
was willing to take the amendment as it was
; offered ; but as it turns out that I cannot accept
j it, I shall vote against the amendment, and I
I beg to express the hope that the Senate will
I pass the bill as it came here or defeat it.
j Mr. NYE. Mr. President——
; The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired. There is no unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday or special order for to-day,
and therefore the Calendar is now before the
Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope we shall finish
this matter while we are about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks that the Calendar be
passed over informally until this bill be dis-
posed of, subject to a demand for the regu-
lar order. Is there objection to that proposi-
tion ? Ihe Chair hears none. The Senator
from Nevada will proceed.
Mr. NYE. I simply say that it is a matter
of public notoriety that the ship containing the
gentlemen for whom this favor is asked is now
on its way and wilt arrive to-day or to-morrow,
probably, in San Francisco. This is not asked
as a right, but simply as a courtesy, and now
if we are going to extend it at all, let us extend
it in such a way as not to be offensive to the
Government who ask it or to those for whom
it is asked. I am perfectly willing to leave it
to the Secretary of War, on consultation with
the Japanese minister, and with these appli-
cants, if need be, to arrange that affair so as
to make it entirely compatible with their own
tastes, and I do not believe that it, will for a
moment disturb at all the harmony of that insti-
tution.
Sir, a word about going to church. I sup.
pose it would be thought rather hard if six
young men of our country should go to Japan
and be obliged toa'tend Buddhist worship, and
bi' supposed to become Buddhists because they
went there. No, sir ; 1 would rather reserve
the question of religious worship and religion
itself to every man's conscience, and let these
young men consult theirs. I believe in that
way the courtesy granted will be such us the
nation asking it will appreciate. The attempt
to act as if we regarded them as dangerous to
our institutions will be offensive to them and
hardly courteous on our part.
I hope, therefore, that the bill will pass in
that spirit of kindness and friendliness from
which the request arose. I look forward to
this courtesy as being of infinite value to us in
a national point ol view. We are opening up
to-day a commerce with two or three hundred
million of people which promises to be to us a
most interesting and important trade. 1 hope,
therefore, that this courtesy will be extended
in this way and in a spirit of liberality that will
strengthen us and our race with the opening
commerce of that, to us, almost new world.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the Senator from
Rhode Island, who is a member of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Anthony,] if
any modifications have been made in the reg-
ulations at Annapolis for the admission of
Japanese. If so, I suppose we shall have to
make similar changes in the regulations of the
Military Academy; but I should like to know
whether the Senator is aware of the fact that
changes have be"m made there or not.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am not able to answer
the question which my friend from Massachu-
setts proposes to me. I do not think this
question ever came before the commiitee of
which I am a member for consideration ; I do
not see the chairman present. I do not think,
however, any changes were found necessary
there, and I do not think any changes will be
found necessary at West Point. It seems to
me that when this young nation, if we may so
call it, that is just advancing m civilization,
comes forward with a request like this, it is
unneighborly for us to refuse it or to clog it
wi.h any offensive conditions. I think, as ihe
Senator from Nevada has said, that it is of
very great importance to us to have the good
will of this most interesting people. I hope
the bill will pass as it came from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on ihe amendment of the Senator irora Wis
consin.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the amendment be
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment will a<rain be reported.
ihe Chiet Clerk read the amendment, which
was, aftertheword ''Academy," in the second
proviso of the biil. to insert the words as to
admission thereto so as to make the proviso
read;
And provided further. That the Secretary of War
may, ia the case of the said persons, modiiy or dis-
pense with any provisions of the rule* and regula-
tions of the said Academy. as to tidmisMon thereto,
the enforcement of which circumstances may, :n hk$
opinion, render unnecessary or undesirable!
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 18; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Carpenter, Chandler, Cunklinp,
Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of V/est V u mum
denton, Jiaimltou of Maryland. Hamilton ofTvxa-,
Logan, Norwood, 0-born. Puineroy, Sj!iiNlmr\, Saw-
yer, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Vickerv, and
W est—20.
NAYrf Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow, Cameron,
Cole, terry of Michigan, Frelinprhuv-eu, II1lioot k,
ufornU of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Putter.-on, Kam-
Scnurz, Scott, Spencer, Sumner, and
Wilson—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Aim;*, Bavard, Blair,
Boreman, tuekingham, Caldwell, Ca seriy, Clayton,
CorOett, Cragin, Edmunds, Jberry ol Conncci icut,
Flanagan, Gilbert. Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Howt>.
Johnston, Kellogg, Keliy, Lewis, Morrill of Main©,
Pool, Pratt. Robertson, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
.Upton, Trumbull, Wmdoin, and Wright—
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The third read-
ing of the bill 
Mr. VJCKERS. That, this matter may b«
more fully considered, I object to the ihird
reading ot" the bill to day.
