280
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 22,
Ho. of Keps.
Indiana Election Contest—-Mr. Gooding.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
of the eontestee, not my friends—made that
recount and broughtoutthe sameresult, show-
ing an error in the official count against me of
5 votes.
There was a third recount of that poll made
by Samuel Pitts, the Republican inspector, who
bad charge of the ballots, Isaac King and
Thompson Smith, officers of the board, and
A. F. Scott. These men reexamined and re-
counted the vote before the notary, and tbey
brought out the same result of an error of 5
votes in the official couut against me.
Thus we have first a recount by the Repub-
lican inspector, then a recount by three Re-
publicans, friends of the sitting member, and
finally a recount by four men, three of whom
were my friends. These three recounts all
agree in showing that the official count was
incorrect, and showing the same result in each
recount.
In addition to this testimony, I introduced
in evidence the ballots themselves; they were
before the committee, and are now in its cus-
tody. If these errors did not occur, why did
not the eontestee have those ballots recounted
to show that they had not been recounted
aright? You know why he did not as Well
as 1.
Now, I want to read to the House what
Addison C. Reynolds, the Republican clerk,
testifies as to the discovery of the error:
" State how soon after the election, if it at all, you
became convinced that there was a mistake in the
certified return for Congress at that poll, and why,
and to whom, and when you communicated the
same, and of what political party are you a mem-
ber?"
Here is the answer of this Republican
clerk—not my fiiend, but the supporter of
the eontestee:
"Xext morning, by adding the two Congressmen's
votes togethei, it gave the whole vote of that poll,
and I knew there were some who did not vote for
Congress; for either candidate for Congress. I told
Thompson Smith on Saturday week after the elec-
tion ; is my impression I told Jesse Catethe same
day. I am a Republican."
Thompson Smith, the other clerk, gives
testimony corroborating this statement, and
showing the discovery of the mistake soon
after. He testifies:
"State if, after the election, it occurred to you
that a mistake had been made in counting and tal-
lying the ballots at said poll, and it so, when and
why, and what steps, if any, you took to have a
recount of the ballots cast at said poll, and to whom
and when you communicated your opinion that
there had been an error in the count, and whether
there was a recount made by the officers of the
board, and if not, why not?
"Answer, It did occur to me that there had been
a mistake in the count and tally. On the 23th of
October I saw from the returns of the newspapers
that Gooding had 70 votes and Mr. Wilson had 159.
I knew that 70 and lo9 made 229, v, hich was the total
vote cast at that poll. I knew that in counting
there were from three to five tickets which did not
vote tor either Wilson or Gooding. On the 2{Jth ot
October I sent word to Mr, King, one of the judges,
that there was a mistake in the count, and on the
same day I saw Mr. Reynolds, the other clerk, and
alter informing him of the conclusion I had come
toabout it. he said that be had discovered the same
mistake I had on the morning alter the election,
but had not communicated it to any person; and
he said that he would see Mr. King and Mr. Cate,
' a,lid have them go and see Mr. Pitts, the inspector,
and have a recount of the votes."
But on that point I have not time to dwell.
There is one point, however, to which I wish
to call the attention of the House, and that
is this: I introduced the testimony of the in-
spector of the board in evidence; that of the
Democratic judge and of the Democratic and
Republican clerks of that board. I subpenaed
the other officer of the board, Jesse Cate, Re-
publican judge, who, when his name was called,
was absent, and did not respond. The eon-
testee introduced no witness to that point.
He introduced no proof. He rebutted nothing.
He attempted to rebut nothing. He presumed
upon the suspicion that the ballots might have
been tampered with, and that without the least
testimony or circumstance tending to such a
conclusion.
But let us go to that question. If the ballots
were tampered with, who tampered with them?
On the night of the election the counting of
the ballots was closed at three o'clock in the
morning, when there was a drizzling rain. The
inspector of the election left the ballot-box in
the custody of the Republican clerk, until he
called for them the next day. They remained
in the custody of that Republican clerk until
three o'clock the next day. They were left, to
be sure, in the bar-room, but there is where
the election was held. The ballot-box was
put aside, but was all the time in the custody
of the Republican clerk and locked, when
the inspector of the election, who himself was
Republican, called for the ballot-box the next
day at three o'clock, and although the Repub-
lican clerk himself was not in the house, his
sister, Kate Reynolds, a Republican, was there,
and it was handed to him, (Pitts,) and he took
it away. From that time it was kept as safely
and as securely, we are told in the evidence
of tfre inspector of the election, as if it had
been a money-box. From the time those
ballots were counted ont until introduced in
evidence before the notary public no friend
of mine had his hands on the ballot-box or
upon the ballots themselves.
In regard to the custody of the ballot-box
the following question was asked Pitts, and
answered as follows:
"Question. State, immediately after counting out
the tickets and certifying the result, who took charge
of the ballot-box and tickets, and in whobe custody
and possession the ballot-box and tickets were taken
and remained continuously and uninterruptedly
until you brought them here in answer to the sub-
pena ?
" Answer, I took charge of the ballot-box, tickets,
poll-books, and tally-sheets. I put the tickets in
the box and lucked them up. Keynolds, the clerk, I
gave the box and tickets into his chargc till X would
call for them next day. The poll-books and tally-
sheets I carried home with me thatnightand placed
them in the drawer and locked them up, and called
lor the box next day after the election, about three
o'clock in the evening, and it has been under my
care ever since. It was drizzling ram a little, the
reason I did not take the ballot-box home the even-
ing of the election. I live two miles away from
where I called lor the ballot-box. A. C. Reynolds
was not at home, and his sister, Kate Reynolds,
handed me the ballot-box, and since that time they
have been in my possession. Ever since i got thein
I have kept them as carefully as if they had been a
box of money. No one has had any control or pos-
session of them to my knowledge."—Pages 23-24.
There is no evidence whatever in this whole
case tending to show the ballot-boxes were
tampered with. But we are told they may
have been tampered with; that the ballot-box
at the Green township poll was kept in the
bed-room of the inspector of election, and that
his wife and children, Republicans, may have
tampered with it to the injury of Judge Wil-
son, a Republican; that not Democrats, but
Republicans, tampered with the ballot box to
the injury of the Republican eontestee in this
case. Those who want to believe that flimsy
pretense may do it. I do not believe a word
of it, nor does eontestee.
Now, then, what is the evidence? I chal-
lenge any member of the House to produce
from that evidence one single particle of tes-
timony tending to show those ballots were
tampered with by any of my friends, for they
had no power or opportunity so to do, nor is
there any testimony tending in the least to
prove that any of the ballot-boxes or ballots
at any of the polls were tampered with to the
injury of eontestee.
Now let us consider the south poll at Rich-
mond.
SOUTH POLL.
The south poll, at Richmond, Wayne town-
ship, Wayne county, is next in order. At this
poll 1,054 ballots were cast, of which eontestee
and myself were each certified to have re-
ceived 516 votes, making only 1,032 in all for
Congressman ; falling 22 votes short of the full
vote cast. The Republican State ticket re-
ceived 528 votes, and the Democratic State
ticket 512 votes, aggregating on the State
ticket 1,010 votes ; 14 vot ;s less than the full
vote cast.
At this poll J. J. Finney was inspector;
Thomas N. Young and D. P. Worten, judges ;
Schwegman and Hoffman, clerks. Finney,
Wooten, aud Hoffman were Republicans, and
supporters of eontestee. Young and Schweg-
man were Democrats, and supponers of con-
testant. The counting and tallying com-
menced about seven and a half o'clock at
night, and continued all night and until about
eleven o'clock next day ; during the time there
was no sleeping or rest except, during the brief
time of taking refreshments. The clerks some-
times differed in their tallying, and the mem-
bers of the board became wearied and sleepy,
caused by continuous labor for near twenty-
seven hours. The Democratic tickets were
first announced and tallied, mostly by tens.
This is proven by the testimony of Young and
Schwegman and Hoffman, and contradicted
by Wooten. All agree that lunch, or supper,
was taken in the room at about one o'clock in
the morning.
Young and Schwegman both testify that at
the time of taking supper, or lunch,-about one
o'clock at night, the board was announcing
and tallying Democratic ballots, and that 10
Democratic ballots were lefc on the table un-
announced and not tallied, and that they were
strung afterward without being tallied. This
is contradicted by Wooten and Hoffman, but
they contradict each other so often that but
little importance is due their testimony.
Wooten testifies that the Republican ballots
were first counted and tallied. In this he is
contradicted by Young, Schwegman, and
Hoffman, notwithstanding he says he is as sure
of that fact as he is of any other one sworn
to by him. Wooten also says they were about
twenty hours counting out the ballots; which
would close the counting at about three or four
p. m.; when the other witnesses testify that, it
was closed about eleven o'clock a. m. Now,
let us see how the facts proven sustain the
theory that not only 10, but 12 Democratic
ballots were not counted or tallied at the offi-
cial count. Whole number of votes cast,
1.054; whole number for State treasurer,
1,040, this being the largest vote counted on
the two State tickets, and being 14 votes short
of the whole vote. Now, deduct 1 ballot for
Gooding alone, and 1 for Study, for sheriff,
alone, which were not voted for any candi-
date on either State ticket, as is proven, and
then we have just 12 ballots unaccounted
for in the official count and return. How can
they be accounted for, and with what result?
Milroy, Republican candidate for treasurer of
State, received 528 votes, and Ryan, Demo-
crat, 512 votes by the official count. Now,
add the 12 votes to Ryan's vote, making 524,
and then add the 2 votes for Gooding and
Study alone, making 526 ; then add the 528
and the 526, and you have the total vote of
1054. There was no erasing or scratching
done on the candidates for treasurer of State,
except as to the 2 votes for Gooding and
Study, and no other. This furnishes a rea-
sonable account for the 14 missing votes in
the official count. How otherwise can they
be accounted for? Now, I believe the error
in the official count as to 10 of the 12 Demo-
cratic ballots occurred as is testified by Young
and Schwegman ; but it is not so important to
know how it occurred as it is to know that in
some way or other it did occur.
On this point Young testified :
" Jn making the official count we commenced on
the Democratic tickots, and counted them singly for
a short time, the tickets being taken from the ballot-
box by the inspector, he making the announcement
to tho clerks and handing the ticket to me for inspec-
tion, and I handed it over to D. p. Wooten, who
strung the same. After going on in this way for a
short time, it was suggested that wo should count
by tens, which method we adopted, A part of the
