3020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
have felt it my duty to state to the Senate and
to the Republicans of the Senate who are in
favor of honest elections these reasons that
this law should not be repealed.
It is very singular to me that half the lie-
publicans here vote for this bill and the Dem-
ocrats solidly vote for it repealing the existing
law, and the Republicans do not seem to think
that it is necessary to have these elections
held at the same time in order that we may
liave honest elections. I do not wish to make
any further statement or delay the passage of
this bill if a majority of the Senate are in favor
of it. I propose, if it is passed, to throw up
the sponge.
Mr. KELLY. I wish to ask ray colleague
a question, if he will answer it; in what county
does he claim that frauds were committed?
Mr. CORBET!1. it is claimed that in all
the counties on the border frauds were com-
mitted.
Mr. KELLY. In all?
Mr. COHBETT. It was claimed generally
that frauds were committed in those counties.
Mr. KELLY. I should like to have the
county pointed out, for 1 must confess I never
heard of it.
Air. COKBETT. I do not think any Dem-
ocrat has heard of any frauds that were com-
mitted at that time. That is my answer to
that.
Mr. KELLY. Mr. President, this is a matter
of very little concern to me. So far as the
Oregon elections are concerned, I do not think
it will make any difference at all; and the only
reason why I favor the passage of (he bill is
that the Delegates from both Washington and
Idaho Territories desire it. They aie friends
of mine. Although the Delegate from Wash-
ington Territory is politically opposed to me,
that does not make any difference with me.
He desires, and he is earnest in the desire
that this law should be repealed, and so is the
Delegate from Idaho Territory, 1 believe the
reason assigned by them is this: that they are
anxious, if they be nominated, to canvass their
Territories, as is customary on the Pacific
coast. They desire to meet their friends, and
yet they cannot desert their duties here to go
back and canvass those Territories within a
month from this time, because the election
takes place on the first .Monday in June. It
necessarily deprives these gentlemen of that
privilege which tliey seek to have, and it is, I
confess, much more to gratify them that I
urge the passage of litis bill than it is for any
political effect it may have in the State of
Oregon.
It is said that in the county of Umatilla
frauds were committed ; that voters came over
from the county of Walla-Walla, in Washing-
ton Territory, and voted there, and by that
means had a marked influence upon the elec-
tion in Oregon two years ago. That being the
allegation, I called theatteniionof my colleague
to this fact, and I asked him to state whore these
frauds were committed. I hold in my hand
the official returns of the vote in lhat county,
and in 1866 the Democratic majority was 234;
in 18G8 it was 262 ; in 1870 it was 247—only
15 difference between 1868and 1870—15votes!
And yet it is alleged that great frauds were
committed in that county!
Now, Mr. President, I think there should be
some evidence of it other than the mere asser-
tion of my colleague. It does not amount to
anything merely to assert that there was fraud
unless there be some evidence of it. It is all
conjecture.
Another thing: as I suggested the other day,
if we_ are to gain by having the election m
Washington and in 'Idaho Territories on the
same day with our Oregon election, we ought
then to advocate a fixed policy that the elec-
tions should not take place on the day. the
' presidential election does, because these voters
that they say come to Oregon to vote will be
there to vote at the presidential election. Why
do you want to have the elections on the first
Monday in June in these Territories, when
those Democrats who it is said go over into
Oregon and vote will be at liberty to go over
and vote against you at the presidential elec-
tion? It shows that there is really nothing in
this allegation. As I said before, it is with
me a matter of no concern except as a mere
accommodation to my friends who are the
Delegates from these Territories.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on reconsidering the vote by which the Senate
passed this bill.
Mr. CORBETT. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 23 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman. Buckingham, Caldwell,
Carpenter, Chandler. Clayton, Co I n, Corbfitr,, "Ed-
munds, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Freling-
huysen, Hamlin, Unrltin, Howe, Itello?g, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, O.- born, Patterson,Pool, Pratt,
Sawyer. Sherman, and Wright—-25.
NAYS—Messrs. Aleorn, Bayard, Cameron, Cas-
sfrly, Davis of West Virginia Eenton, Goidthwaite,
if,iinilton of Maryland, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly,
Lewis, Logan. .Norwood, Nye, Ramsey, Rice, Sauls-
bury, Stevenson, Stockton, Viokers, West, and Wil-
son—23
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Brown-
low, Conkhng, Cooper, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky,
Perry ofMiohigan, Gilbert, Hamilton ofTexas, Hill,
Morrill of Maine, Ponieroy, Ransom, Robertson,
Schurz, Scott, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner,
Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, and Wmdom—26.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the passage of the bill.
Mr. COLE. Will a single objection throw
it over?
'fhe VICE PRESIDENT. A single objec-
tion will not pass it over ; but the morning
hour has expired, and the Post Office appro-
priation bill is before the Senate as the unfin-
ished business.
MKSSAGE I'ROSI THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPuhhson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had non-concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. 11. No.
20-12) for the relief of Fannie M. Jackson, of
Tennessee, asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. Austin Blair of Michigan,
Mr. John T. Harms of Virginia, and Mr.
Kijenkziou McJuxkln of Pennsylvania, man-
agers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed, a bill (II. R. No. 2G3G) for the
relief of Red Boar, a chief of Pembina band
of Chippewa Indians; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COLE. I desire to submit a conference
committee report, which will consume no more
time than it will take to read it
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Post Office
appropriation bill is before the S^iate, pend-
ing which the Senator from California desires
to submit a report from a conference com-
mittee.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to move that the
debate on amendments to this appropriation
bill shall be limited to five miuutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Post Office
appropriation bill being before the Senate, the
Senator from Indiana moves that debate on
amendments to the bill be limited to five min-
utes, under the new rule.
Mr. HARLAN. I think that would hardly
be desirable.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
mnst be decided without debate.
Mr. NYE. Will not the Senator allow us
to have a vote on this election bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Indiana insists on his motion to limit
debate, the Chair must submit it without
debate.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir, I insist on the
motion.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion to limit debate.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30? nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Caldwell, Cameron, Car-
penter, Clayton, Cole, Conkliug, Corbett, Cragin,
Terry of Michigan, Flanagan, G-ilbert, Hitchcock,
Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osbom,
Patterson, Pomeroy,^ Pool, Pratt, Karasey, Rice,
Sawver, Sherman, Stewart, West, Wilson, and
Wright—30.
NAYS —Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Buckingham,
Casserly, Chandler, l)avis of West Virginia, Fen-
ton, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamlin, Harlan, Johnston^ Kelly, Norwood, Sauls-
bury, Spencer, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner,*Vick-
ers, and Windorn—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Brown-
low, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Fre-
linghuysen, (J-oldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Hill,
Ilowe, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of Maine, llansom,
"Robertson, Schurz, Scott, Sprague, Thurman, Tip-
ton, and Trumbull—23.
So the motion was agreed to.
TiEfiItfLATIVE, ETC., APPilOPRIATION BILL
Mr. COLE submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment to the
bill (H. R. No. lOdO) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1873, and
tor other purposes, having met, alter full and free
conterence have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses as follows ;
That the Senate recede liom their amendment*
numbered 12, 26, 27, 23, 29, 30, 31, 35, 37, 45, 61, 62, 64,
68. 69, 70, 71, 73, 74, 75, and 78.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered 13, 15, 18. 19. 33, 36, 38, 30, 40. 41, 42, 43. 44,
60, 63, 65, 72, 79, 80, 85, 86, 87, and 88, and agree to the
same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
ti^e amendment of the House to the eighth amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree to the same with an
amendment,, as follows: on page 6, line fifteen of
the bill, strike out all alter the word " fifty," down
to the end ot line fixteen, on tae same p<-ige, and
insert in lieu the following words: three thousand
four hundred and twenty-two dollars;" and the
House agree to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the twenty-filth amendment o*'the Senate, andagree
to the same with the following amendment: strike
out all alter the word "after," ui line two of said
amendment, down to and including the word " Con-
gress," m line three, and ln^u t in lieu the following
words: " the fourth day ot March, eighteen hundred
and &eve.ity-ti\e; aud the Senate agree to i,he same.
That i he House recede from their amend men t to the
thirty-fourth amendment of the Senate and agree to
said Senate amendment with the toil owing amend-
ment: add to said amendment the following words:
" and no person shall be employed under the pro-
visions of this clause who shall not have fully set
forth, in a written statement under oath addressed
to the Secretary of the Treasuiy, the character of
tho claim out of which lie proposes to recover, or
assist m recovering, moneys for the United States,
the laws by the violauou of which the same have
been withheld, and the name ot the person, firm, or
corporation having thus withheld said moneys. Anil
it any person so employed shall receive or attempt
to receive any money or other consideration trom
any person, firm, or corporation alleged thus to have
withheld money from the United States, except in
pursuance of the written contract made in relation
thereto with, the Secretary of tbe Treasury, such
person shall be deemed guilty ot a misdemeanor,
and upon conviction thereof shall be fined notles3
than Si,000, or imprisonment not less than two years,
or both, in the discretion of any court of the United
States having jurisdiction, and the person so em-
ployed shall be required to make report of his pro-
ceedings under such contract at any time when
requested to do so by the Secretary of the Treasuiy
and the Senate agree to the same.
i'hat the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the House to the fifty-filth and
seventy-sixth amendments of the Senate, and agree
to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment ot the House to the sixty-sixih
amendment ol the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment: in line three ol s.id
House amendment strike out the word '* forty," and
infcort in lieu the word "thirty;" and the House
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement !o
the amendment of the House to the sixty-^eve;,:h
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment: strike out ol s.<id
House amendment the words " ninety-two," and in-
sert m lieu thereof the word "eighty:" and the
House agree to the same.
That the House recede fiom their disagreement to
the seventy-seventh amendment of the Senate, aad
agree to the same with the following amendment:
in lieu ot the words proposed to be stricken out,
insert t he following: "for one clerk of class lour,
two clerks of clas-; two, one clerk of class one, and
£u° &^r£rs,.:additional force in the money-oidcr
office, £>7,240; and that the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the eighty-third amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment;
strike out from the words proposed to be inserted
