1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1220
as I doubt not it might and would be without
impairing its force and purpose, I will notvx>t.e
for either general or universal amnesty. My
reasons for this vote it is perhaps not appro-
priate that I should state at this time; and yet
in view of the character of this discission, and
especially after what was said on Friday last by
the distinguished Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] and yesterday by the distinguished
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Nye,] I may be
pardoned for one word in this connection.
This, Mr. President, is a Government of
justice as well as mercy. It is as essential to
its great future power and stability that it shall
deal justly as that it shall make haste with its
mantle of charity to cover up or blot out the
last legal vestige of the most enormous crime
of this or any age. He that rules the destinies
of nations and empires as well as individuals
maintains His soverignty by His power and
attribute of justice as much as by His mercy.
The nation in imitating this divine rule cannot
well err. Then, too, as no one would think
by a single enactment of opening the prison-
doors of the nation and States, and permitting
all criminals, those guilty of the highest felo-
nies as well as the most inconsiderable mis-
demeanors, to go free, neither would I, by a
statute having a general or universal operation,
restore those seeking to take the life of this,
nation in the face of their most solemn sworn
obligations, thus adding perjury to the greater
crime of treason, to all the rights and privileges
of the most loyal or patriotic. We certainly
would not grant pardon to the individual guilty
of crimes the most common without some evi-
dence of repentancft, or that he had already
suffered the punishment due liis offense, or that
some good would result therefrom to the State.
Why apply a different rule to rebels? Apply-
ing it, i confess I do not see upon what prin-
ciple amnesty can be justified. And if amnesty
is right, it must be so because it is bottomed
upon some principle. There is no evidence of
the requisite repentance. By no argument can
it be maintained that the mere disqualification
to hold office is too severe fox such crimes as
rest upon the souls of these men. And as to
the public good, I confess I do not see how the
morals of the nation, the general welfare and
safety, how a brighter future and a stronger
Union can be secured or guarantied by mak-
ing them eligible to office.
My belief is that each criminal violating his
oath and guilty of treason should come as
other criminals do, and in person and for him-
self beseech the clemency of the Government.
He will thus be led to appreciate the value of
the giftj to recognize the power and mercy of
the Government* and hia obligations in the
future. The suggestion that this would be
humbling to the pride of these men, and by
possibility unbecoming, iti their own estimation
or that of their friends, to those once in the
high positions in the government of the con-
federacy, has witli me but little weight, since I
confess I am not particularly anxious to spare
their pride, having much more regard for the
rights, dignity, and future power aud glory of
the nation, and thinking, as I trust I always
shall, more of the unequaled sacrifices of a
braye soldiery than the lauded sensitive na-
tures of rebels once in arms against them, and
as I believe still unrepentant.
No, Mr. President, without extending the
argument at this time, I must be allowed to
say, speaking for myself alone, and using here,
perhaps, almost the language of another, that
while the time may come in the history of this
nation when we shall utter the names of trai-
tors and loyal .men in the same connection,
with scarcely a thought of the difference ; while
the day may come when we shall witness the
erection of lofty monuments to the memories
of those who sought to destroy the nation ;
though tl;e lime may come when we shall for-
give, if not forget, the barbarities and cruelties
of Belle Isle, Andersonville, and Libby Prison;
though the time may come when the chief of
all sinners, the lisad of the confederacy, who,
iti my honest judgment, should have passed
from the scaffold to an unhonored grave, and
his equally guilty compeers, maybe allowed to
take seats"in this Senate or preside in the tri-
bunals of the nation, while the victim of their
hate and treason, the martyr and immortal
Lincoln, sleeps in his tomb—I say while such
a time may come, I say also for myself and pa-
triotic soldiers and people of the noble State
which I in part represent on this floor, never,
never, never, if I can prevent it by my vote
or influence.
But, Mr. President, I have thus uncon-
sciously, aud perhaps improperly, been led
from matters more immediately before us,
and from this digression I now return.
Following close upon the defeat of the " twin
measures" was the resolution and preamble
now under consideration. To the resolution
itself, except perhaps its phraseology, there has
not, as I understand, been any show of oppo-
sition ; but of this I shall for myself say mora
hereafter. To the preamble there has been and
still is opposition, and to it this long-protracted
and most bitter debate has been directed. It
was suggested to the mover at the time of its
introduction, now over two weeks since, that
if the resolution could be subnjittted without
the statements, insinuations, and almost, if
not quite, charges of the preamble, and a vote
allowed without debate on his part, it could
be passed at once. For some reason this was
declined, and this debate precipitated. At
the same time the very scenes we have wit-
nessed were most truly and faithfully depicted
by the honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] but the warning was unheeded.
Those who sought to avoid debate—and this
was true of those who have opposed the pas-
sage of the preamble—were actuated, I am
sure, by no wish to shield any one, by the re-
motest belief that any officer connected with
the Administration was to be injured, nor by
any fear that the nation had in the least vio-
lated its obligations as a neutral Power in the
recent great trial of battle between two of the
strongest and most enlightened nations of the
age. But nothing would do, the proposition
must be introduced and explained—preamble
and all—and while any disposition to provoke
apolitical discussion was expressly disclaimed,
the whole aim being, as was said, to explain
the necessity and nature of the proposed in-
quiry, it required but little knowledge of the
times and circumstances to know that some-
thins more was expected, possibly intended,
something more perhaps even desired. What
was patent to all, and what was expected if not
desired, and especially after the proposal to
withdraw the preamble, is upon us; and the end
is not yet. And to what end; for what good ?
If investigation pure, simple, and fair was all
that was desired, why, I ask, in all conscience,
the necessity of anything more than an ordin-
ary resolution? Why this preamble, declar-
ing in advance the truth of what was sought
to be investigated? Why the incorporation
of matter which could noc be voted lor with-
out a concession of the very matters in con-
troversy ? Why spread upon the record docu-
ments which it is claimed cast suspicion upon
three of the highest and truest and most faith-
ful of the nation's officials, and which, as is pre-
tended, tend to evidence the bad faith of the
nation itself in its intercourse with another,
with which we are on terms of the closest
amity? Where is the precedent for that?
Where the necessity ? What good to be ac-
complished? What the object, unless to pre-
cipitate upon the Senate and the country a
discussion which has provoked, as some one
has already said, perhaps a carnival of words
and a saturnalia of passion? Why this inter-
ruption of the business of the Senate at a tijne
when so much of importance is before it? With
the "twin measures" which some profess to
have so much at heart still before us, with all
, the appropriation bills, additional bounties
to soldiers, the whole report of the tariff and
revenue, the greatproblem of education and
labor, the disposition of the public lao^s, civil
service reform, the customs service, with num-
berless other measures of a general nature,
and of the very highest importance, to say
nothing of private bills, involving, in< some
instances, the entire .property of - individuals,
including that for the relief and the rebuilding
of the great city of the great Northwest—I say
with all these matters still awaiting action, and
though the House of Representatives is far in
advance of us in the actual work , of the' ses-
sion, this most unnecessary and unfounded
proposition, which, as to its preamble, I must
be allowed to say, in the language of its author
on a prior occasion, is " absolutely abnormal
in its character"—I say this must be given pre-
cedence over all—an inquiry which .every one
must now see, if all did not in the outset, will
end in the complete vindication of the Ad-
ministration and the nation—thus taking the
time of the Senate aud the proposed commit-
tee for absolutely nothing. And I ask here
upon whom is the responsibility ? I say in all
kindness, and yet with a firm conviction of its
truth, the authors of the proposed inquiry.
With them rests the gross wrong of arresting
the business of legislation, distracting the
public mind, and protracting the work qf the
session. And all this, as I have said, for a
purpose absolutely worse than useless.
But in speaking thus generally, I may per-
haps do injustice to the preamble and resolu-
tion ; and by no means designing this, -but on
the contrary as solicitous to find the right as
the author himself can possibly be, I direct
attention for a, moment to the proposed invest-
igation, and the grounds stated for the same.
This I shall do very hurriedly, Mr. President,
without any, the remotest purpose of going
into the general argument, which has already
been well-nigh if not quite exhausted.
And here I take occasion to say what may
perhaps be of but little moment—and yet I do
not hesitate to say it—that, whatever others
may do, I shall not vote for the resolution.
I shall not vote for it either with or without
the preamble. When I have given the reasons
which influence this vote, I shall have; stated
what I have to present on the measure itself.
In the first place, I shall not vote for it be-
cause the preamble, when shorn of its con-
clusions, which find no support in the facts
recited, shows there is not the least warrant
for any such committee.
In the second place, if a discussion ever
demonstrated anything this has, that if a.sin-
gle mind had doubt before it cannot now, that
there is absolutely nothing to throw the least
suspicion upon the nation or its officials* I
appeal to any Senator upon this floor, I would
almost .appeal witji confidence to the mover
of the resolution, with all his just pride of
opinion, and all the tenacity wiili which ho
adheres to any measure, (for which I give him
all due honor and credit,) and ask if in his
honest judgment the proposed inquiry will
result in developing a single act of wrong, in
morals or law, against any one connected with
the Government?
Mr. STTMNEIl. I have no doubt that it will,
Mr. WRIGHT. I had hoped the Senator
would decide the other way. Is not all room
for suspicion dispelled? Who believes that
there is any disparity in the accounts between
the War and Treasury Departments, and least
of all, any that demands an investigation?
Who disbelieves what the Secretary of War
says in his letter of January 19,1872, and con-
tained in tie preamble? Does any one dis-
believe what is there stated; and if he believes
what is there said, tell me what there is to in-
vestigate upon that subject? No, I repeat, not
a Senator on this floor, in my judgment, now
believes, whatever his doubts at first, that
blame attaches to any one, that there is any-
thing requiring inquiry; and if this be so, why
should further,investigation be demanded?
