1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
281
42d Gong....2d Sess.
Indiana Election Contest—Mr. Gooding.
Ho. op Reps.
time tickets were taken from the ballot-box by the
inspector and part of the time by myself. Ten
tickets were taken out of the ballot-box, assorted,
and ascertained to bestrighttickets, all alike. Dur-
ing the time I took tickets from the ballot-box and
assorted, I passed them ten at a time to the inspect-
or, who, after examining tho same, called them off
to the clerks, and the clerks made to each candidate
whose name was on the ticket two tallies of live
votes each on each tally-sheet. This process was
continued until all the straight or unscratched Dem-
ocratic or mixed tickets were counted. We next
counted the scratched Democratic tickets; we
counted part of them by fives and part of them
singly ; we got asmany all scratched all alike as we
could. Then, alter this was done, we counted the
llepublican tickets in the same way, (page 58.) To
the best ot my recollection, supper was brought in
about one o'clock in the morning; it might have
been a little before or a little later. To the best of
my recollection, we were still counting the Demo-
cratic tickets. The supper was placed m the rear
of the room, behind the table upon which theclcrks
were tallying, on a tabic. "SVhen supper was an-
nounced as ready, wo agreed to leave our tally-
sheets and ballots just as tbey were, ten tickets
lying on the tabic undisposed of. We then went to
supper, and on our return to recommenco our count
a question arose as to whether the ten tickets lying
on the table undisposed of had been tallied or not.
The question was sprung by John G. ScUwegman,
une of the clerk?, as to whether they had or had not
been tallied; upon which George Hoffman, the
other clerk, said they had been. I told thera that I
did not know whether tbey had been or not; I was
not positive. J. J. Finney then said they had been.
D. P. Wooten was referred to, and he said they had
been. Tho same ten tickets were then strung with-
out being tallied after wo came from supper. The
question of dispute was whether theso ten tickets
had been tallied before we went to supper. 1 think
we were then counting by tent."—Testimony, page 57.
Schwegtnan, a clerk of the board, testifies:
M Question, State at about what time supper was
brought in the room for the boaid.
"'Answer. As near as I can remember, it was be-
tween twelve and one at night.
"Question. State whether or not the board was
engaged in counting Democratic tickets by tons at
the arrival of the supper, and whether ten Demo-
cratic tickets were left on the table ready for an-
nouncement at the time the board commenced eat-
ing their supper, and whether or not, immediately
after supper, on resuming the count or announce-
ment ot the votes, a question arose with the board
whether said ten Democratic tickets left on the table
as aforesaid had been announced and tallied before
taking1 supper.
"Answer. They were counting by tens when sup-
per arrived. There were ton Democratic tickets left
on the table ready tor announcement at the time the
board commenced eating their suppers. There was
a question arose as to whether said tickets had been
announced and tallied before taking supper, imme-
diately on resuming the announcement alter supper.
"Question. State whether or not said ten Demo-
cratic tickets were tallied at all after supper.
"inwer. They were not.
"Question. State, il you can remember, who it was
raised the question and expresvsed the opinion that
said ten Democratic tickets had not been tallied
before supper.
"Aniiver. I did.
''Question, State whether ornot, to the best of your
knowledge and belief, said ten Democratic tickets
were strung without having been tallied at all ?
"Anstcer. I do not believe they were tallied at
all."—Testimony, pages 70—-77.
But let us now proceed to an examination
of the testimony in regard to the recounts of
the ballots at this poll, and see whether this
theory is further supported and maintained by
the condition of the ballots when carefully and
purposely recounted by the best of men of both
parties, who were not wearied out, exhausted,
and sleepy from nearly twenty-seven hours
unremitting labor and anxiety without sleep.
Within about three weeks after the election
Mr. Young, one of the judges, in company
with Andrew F. Scott, both proven to be
of the first respectability, called on William
Parry, Republican trustee, at his office, and
in his presence recounted the Democratic bal-
lots on Congressman, and discovered a mis-
take of 12 votes against me in the official
count. They both testify that the ballots were
left by them as they found them. What they
did was done in the presence and view and
with the permission of Parry, Republican trus-
tee, and proper custodian of the ballots. This
recount was made on Saturday, October 29.
On the next Monday, October 31,1870, another
recount of the same ballots was made by Fin-
ney, the inspector at that poll, E. A. Jones,
and L. D. Stubbs, Republicans, and support-
ers of contestee, and by Young and Scott,
Democrats.
By this recount made by three Republican
friends of contestee, and one of them the in-
spector of the board and another of them his
attorney in taking the deposition, and the
third a witness for him in this case, and by
Young and Scott, Democratic friends of mine,
made on purpose and with a full knowledge
of its importance, it was agreed by all that
there was error in the official count, and that
instead of 516 votes for me, the true vote for
me was 528 votes, and instead of 616 votes for
contestee, it was in fact 517 votes ; thus in-
creasing my vote above the official count 12
votes, and contestee's vote 1. The testimony
of Young and Scott is uncontradicted or ex-
plained, though taken in the same city, and in
the presence of contestee, Finney, Jones, and
Stubbs.
If this recount was not correctly and prop-
erly made, and the result correctly stated,
contestee had it in his power to contradict it
by the testimony of Finney, Jones, and Stubbs,
ail of whom participated in the recount and
agreed to its correctness. Why did he not
put them on the stand and take their testi-
mony ? He was not ignorant of what they
knew about it, for Wooten testifies;
" Question. State what conversation you have had
with Jeremiah M. Wilson with regard to the con-
dition of said ballots.
" Answer. I have had none.
" Question. Do you wish to be understood as say-
ing that you have not had an interview with Jere-
miah M. Wilson, in which you detailed to him what
facts you would testify to on tho taking of your
deposition, or at least the main facts?
"Aniiver. I had no interview with Mr. Wilson;
I have never met him but once. The only thing
that occurred was, Major Finney about two months
ago notified me tnat Judge Wilson wished to see me
in L. D. Stubbs's office; I came up and met Mr.
Wilson; he asked me a few questions in reference
to a misunderstanding of tho count at the south
poll; I answered him as nearly correct as I could.
" Question. State whether that interview was on
the day belore contestant was to take depositions
before Jehiel Kailsback, that being the 4th of Jan-
uary,
" Answer. This was at least a month before that.
" Question. State who wore present at the time.
" Amwer. Judge Wilson, Lewis D. Stubbs, Ed.
Jones, J. J. Finney, and myself."
From this testimony it appears that contes-
tee, Finney, Jones, Stubbs, and Wooten were
holding a caucus over the facts of that poll.
Finney was the inspector, an assistant Gov-
ernment assessor, and supporter of contestee,
and had the ballots in his possession at the
time. Lewis D. Stubbs was contestee's law-
yer in taking the depositions, and E. A. Jones
his friend, whoso deposition was taken, but
not a word about the recount. Why all this
omission to contradict, rebut, or explain the
the testimony of Young and Scott, so dam-
aging to his right to the seat? Their (Young
and Scott) depositions were taken before con-
testee commenced taking depositions at Rich-
mond. He had full knowledge of their testi-
mony, being personally present when it was
taken. What excuse can he give? How does
he expect you to find against this testimony,
when he made no attempt to refute it by other
testimony in his power, if such existed? The
only excuse he has made, ?o far as I know, is
that on the afternoon of the last day of taking
depositions I kept one of his witnesses on the
stand too long, to wit, the policeman, Wooten.
By an examination of the notices of contest
and of the answer, the propriety of the thor-
ough sifting of Wooten will be apparent, and
if you will go back to the testimony of Samuel
Pitts, Isaac Y. King, Thompson Smith, and
others, you will see who killed time by many
questions. If,however, contestee's timeexpired
before he could take the testimony of Finney,
Stubbs, and Jones in regard to the south poll,
and that of Jesse Cate at the Green township
poll, this House would not certainly haverefused
t6 extend the time on his application ; but this
he did not make. He could also have pro-
cured the ballots ofthe south poll, all of which
he desired so much, and so deeply regrets that
he did not get. The majority report is in error
as to the recounts differing with each other,
except that Young and Scott at the first re-
count differed with each other one vote. I
put no great stress on the informal count or
the first recount; hut on the recount made,
though not under oath, still very carefully and
purposely, with a full knowledge of its im-
portance, by Finny and others, and subse-
quently sworn to by Young and Scott. The
correctness of that recount is not only proven,
but is true, otherwise Finney, Stubbs, and
Jones would have been sworn and the ballots
put in evidence. The recount sustains the
theory before stated.
But to all this it is answered, true the recount
may have been correct, but the ballots may
have been tampered with after the election,
and before the recount. It will be remembered
that every ballot was numbered corresponding
to the number opposite the name of the voter
on the poll-book. Unless the ballots were
substituted how could they be so changed as
to increase our votes—mine 12, his 1? It is
easy to see how our votes could be reduced by
erasures, but not increased. If any ballot had *
been substituted the fact could be proven by
the officer numbering it, and by the voter cast-
ing it. No such proof was made or attempted.
The ballot-box was delivered by the inspect-
or, Finney, to the township trustee, Parry, who
is by virtue of his office inspector of elec-
tions in his township, but where there are two
polls in the same township, he cannot officiate
at both as inspector. Parry put the ballot-box
in his office where he kept the ballot-box of
the north poll of that township. Both boxes
and ballots remained in the room occupied by
him as an office until the inspector, Finney,
called and got his ballot-box and ballots before
the taking of the depositions.
There is no testimony tending in the slightest
to show that the ballot-box or ballots had been
tampered with before the recount by Finney
and others; but on the contrary, that about
four o'clock p. m. on the day after the election,
soon after the counting out was finished, the
inspector delivered the box and ballots to the
trustee, and that he kept the same with the
other ballot box in his office, known as the
Morrison library building, where Young and
Seott first recounted the ballots in the presence
of Parry the trustee, and where Finney, Stubbs,
and Jones, friends of contestee, with Young
and Scott, recounted them. No friend of mine
is shown to have even seen the ballots after the
official count until the recount by Young and
Scott in the presence of the trustee, and none
other until after the recount by Finney. The
high character of Young and Scott for honesty,
integrity, and morality is proven by the trustee
and is not disputed by any. Both Youug and
Scott unequivocally testify that none of the
ballots were substituted, altered, or changed
by them. It was two months after the recounts
that the tally papers came up missing, and after
the contest, and when I was taking depositions.
The ballot-box and ballots were at all times
in the custody and under the control of the
proper custodians, all of whom were the friends
of contestee. I submit that it is hardly to be
supposed they tampered with the ballots to his
injury. The legal and fair conclusion is that
the official count was incorrect, and that the
recount by Finney and others was the correct
count of the vote on Congressman, increasing
my vote above the official count 12 votes and
contestee's 1 vote. The count made by Fin-
ney and others was made in daylight, and
carefully and purposely made on Congressman
alone, for the purpose of settling the disputed
question whether there had been an error in
the official count. In the official count the
