1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S917
gained by interrupting that industry I should
like to know it. I do not care in wbat form
it is, but it certainly is not necessary to put iu
this bill for nothing, for no good effect, a pro-
vision which will injure those people. I will
insert the word "hides," if the Senator pre-
fers it, in lieu of "skins," which will answer
his purpose, or we can pass this amendment
and will draw a proviso so that skins imported
to be used for the purpose of making gloves
shall be excepted from the provision. I do
not want to do anything more than what the
Senator refers to when he says it is de minimis.
• It is 5 it concerns a very small thing, and that
small thing I want to except, inasmuch as it
will do the revenue no good to destroy that
very small matter. -
Mr. COLE. The Senator's loss is more
than made up by taking the tariff entirely off
skins, which it is stated by the chairman of
the Committee oil Finance is done in this bill.
That will more than compensate for the loss
that is sustained by this reduction of ten per
cent., I think.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not think it will.
-Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from New York is nearly right in supposing
that this applies merely to that kind of leather
that is used for mittens and gloves; but there
are other skins that are also used. Hog-skins
are'tanned and used for saddle-bags, and are
never called by any other name than hog-
skins. There is another class of skins, I
think, taken from yearlings, that are called
Kip-skins, and never called anything else. I
(Jfi not'know of anything else that is called so.
Mr. CONKLING. 'Will the Senator be
kind enough to tell us what is imported that
is manufactured of kip-skin?
• Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It might be
cb'ifdren'.s shoes:,
Mr. COLE. And boots.
Mr.-MORRILL, of Vermont. And various
other things.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, except the matter
of gloves and mittens, it is foot-gear only that
is made of kip-skins?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think also
some kinds of morocco are called goat-skins.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sen-
ator from New York that one of the great
merits of this tariff bill, if I understand it cor-
rectly, is to make the" raw material of leather
practically free. The duty on leather is re-
duced, as the Senator will see when we come
to the leather paragraph, to a very low rate,
while all the raw material is made free; and
there is no reason in the world why after the
passage of this bill we cannot manufacture
boots and shoes and every article made of
leather to compete with all the nations of the
world. Indeed, a very intelligent gentleman
who appeared before the Committee on Finance
said that if we would do what we had done, we
could compete with England and mankind at
large and regain our foreign trade in leather.
Under those circumstances it seems to me we
ought not to retain any tax or seek to preserve,
for a small interest the present duties.
Mr. CONKLING. Now I. will put my
amendment in a form in which I think it will
encounter no objection as to what it means. I
withdraw the amendment to strike out the
word "skina," and I propose in line sixty-six,
after the word "leather," to insert the words
"except gloves and mittens;" so that the
paragraph will read:
On all leather not otherwise herein provided for,
and on all manufactures of skins, bone, ivory, horn,
and leather, except gloves and mittens, and of which
either of said articles is the component part of chief
value.
That meets the view of the Senator from
Vermont.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
The question being put, adivision was called
for, and the ayes were sixteen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is a further
count demanded?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir; I ask for' the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, Mr. President, I
Wish simply-to say that the proposition is to
reduce the duty on kid gloves, for it comes to
that 
Mr. SHERMAN. And common gloves.
' Mr. CONKLING. Yes, precisely; but the
imported gloves are kid gloves; and it is to
prevent the one community which is attempt-
ing to compete, and to keep up a manufacture
which can compete with imported Kid gloves,
from doing it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Kid gloves are, no doubt,
an object of dislike to my friend from New
York; but the common gloves that are worn
by the laboring men in this country are worth
more in value and produce more revenue than
ail the kid gloves that are worn by ladies and
gentlemen in fashionable life.
Mr. CONKLING. Are they imported?
Mr. SHERMAN. Very largely. The in-
dustry whi6h the Senator from New York Rep-
resents is a very interesting one. They have
a great advantage now by this tariff bill. They
have their raw materials absolutely free. They
can compete with all the nations of the world
in the kind of fabric they make. I have seen
their gloves, and most Senators here have
worn them a dozen times. They make very
beautiful winter gloves, and gloves of various
kinds. They do not manufacture the kid
glove or any fine glove. They are of a differ-
ent kind entirely. Of course the fine gloves
are imported. While I should be very glad to
see the Senator from New York gratified in
this respect, I am afraid if we undertake to
make an exception in favor of gloves, coarse
and fine, it will break np the whole merit of
this rule, which is a rule of equality and a
rule of justice.
The question being taken by yeas and pays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bo reman, Buckingham,
Cameron, Carpenter, Conkling, Corbett, Fenton,
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill,
Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye.Osborn,
Patterson, Ramsey, Sawyer, Scott, Stewart, West,
and Wilson—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, -Bayard, Clayton,
Cole, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Michigan,
(Joldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland; Hamilton of
Texas, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Kansom,
Robertson, Salisbury, Schurz, Sherman, Stevenson,
Tipton, Trumbull, vickcrs. and Wright—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Caldwell,Cas-
serly, Chandler, Cooper, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky,
Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert, Howe,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Norwood, Pomeroy, Pool,
Pratt, iiice, Spencer, Spragae, Stockton, Sumner,
Thurman, and Windom—25.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment of the committee as
amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, to
strike outlines sixty-nine, seventy,and seventy-
one of section two, in the following words:
On all paper: Provided, Thattheduty on printing
paper, whether sized or unsized, shall be equal, and
twenty per cent, ad valorem,.
Mr. LOGAN. I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio that that amendment be passed over,
for the present, so that the whole subject can
be considered together.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing that it be
passed over until we come to the eleventh
page.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be passed over by general consent.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike out section three, in the
following words:
That the provisions of section six of the act ap-
proved March 3,1865, entitled " An act amendatory
of certain acts imposing duties upon foreign import-
ations," shall not be held to apply to the articles
mentioned in the act approved March 2, 1867, en-
titled " An act to provide revenue from imported
wool, and for other purposes."
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That there shall be hereafter collected and paid
on all eoods, wares, and merchandise'of the growth
or produce of countries east of the Capo of 'Good
Hope, (except raw cotton and raw silk, as reeled
from the cocoon, or n6t farther adva'need than tram,
thrown, or organzine.) when imported ' from places
west of the Cape of Good Hope, a duty of ten per
cent, ad valorem,, in addition to the duties im-
posed on any such article when imported directly
from the place or places of their growth or produc-
tion.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move to amend
the amendment by inserting in line ten of the
matter proposed to be inserted, after the word
"except," the word " wool."
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the honorable
Senator to say "wool from Australia" or
"Australian wool."
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will merely state
in regard to this amendment that the excep-
tion has reference to certain raw materials not
produced in this country. I make this excep-
tion of a raw material although it is produced
in this country, and my reasons for it are
these: it is absolutely necessary to have wool
either from South America or from Australia
to mix with the wools which are raised in Ver-
mont, Ohio, Iowa, and California, in order to
have them produce a good fabric. It is essen-
tial for the manufacturers that they should
have a part of the wool which they use from
the countries I have named. They have dur-
ing the past year sent eight or ten agents to
Australia to purchase a portion of their wools.
They have been very much embarrassed in
this way. They find the wools in Australia
mortgaged to a certain degree by London capi-
tal, Very much as the cotton of cotton-planters
was formerly mortgaged to factors in New
Orleans.
Mr. NYE. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, the wool crop of Australia has
grown somewhat since we wanted to subsidize
the Australian line. [Laughter.] I want to
remind the honorable Senator of that.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. You shall have all
the benefits of the increased crop. [Laughter.]
I was saying that it is very difficult for the
American manufacturer or the American pur-
chaser to make a proper selection in Australia,
so that during the past year there have- been
over two hundred and twenty thousand bales
imported into Englahd from Australia, and
only about twenty thousand imported to this
country. Now, the American manufacturer
desires an opportunity to select his wools. He
cannot get as good a selection in Australia as
he can in London i and that is one reason, in
my judgment, why you should not charge a
greater duty upon wools brought through Lon-
don than upon those that come direct.
Another reason is that if you place these
wools in London ten percent, higher than they
otherwise would be, you drive the American
purchaser to South America and have him
secure all he can to mix with the American
wools from that section of the world. The
consequence is that the price is advanced in
South America bythe American manufacturers
being driven there, and that makes the cost
of the raw material which he uses here higher
than it otherwise would be.
There is another reason: when the Amer-
ican manufacturer is driven from the London
market by an extra duty of ten per cent., that
ten per cent, is for the advantage of the
European manufacturer, and he buys his pro-
ducts so much less, and therefore produces
hia fabric so much less, and is the better able
to compete with the American manufacturer.
These are the reasons why I ask the Senate
to include in this exception wool.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut to the amendment of the com-
mittee.
