1-230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
In the third place, I shall vote against it
beeause it arraigns the official conduct of the
Secretary of War, a citizen of my own State,
and does him, as I affirm, the foulest wrong.
"While" I know his readiness to open his office,
hisbooks, his' papers, to the fullest scrutiny;
white E kn-ow his willingness to have laid bare
every act of his in conoection with this trans-
action j while I know that to evade all possible
misconstruction he-would prefer that I, as his
friend and from his own State, should vote for
the resolution ; while I'know the readiness with
which he invites investigation-info all that he
has done or may do, yet I know his great
worth, his devotion to duty, his absolute free-
dom from suspicion. I know his value as an
officer, whether in the field or the Cabinet,
and I think it is injustice the most rank, and
to be condemned without measure, that when-
the facts developed absolutely attest his inno-
cence, he should, after all his services and
strict attention to duty, be subjected to an in-
vestigation which of itself implies possible
wrong and departure from duty.
And in the same connection I shall not vote
for the resolution because, after the proof be-
fore us, there is no mistaking the fact that the
aim on the part of some at least is to find
fault with the Administration, and, if possible,
impair its strength and position before the
country. Now, Mr. President, I am neither
a Liberal, an Administration nor an anti-
Administration Republican. I am a Repub-
lican. In my political vocabulary I reject all
such qualifying terms, and am content with
the one word—"Republican," or Union Re-
publican, if that is preferred. This name was
proud enough to fight under in 1860, 1864,
and 1868; it will do for 1872, and, as I hope,
for many subsequent years. It was inspiring
enough to rally around during all the dark
days of the rebellion, and if possible the more
perilous days of impeachment and reconstruc-
tion. It was sufficient to hold the loyal and
patriotic people of the States after the baptism
of blood to that baptism into new truths which
luxury and old lies had rendered necessary,
uniil they gave the sanction of the Constitution
to the freedom and equal rights of all men.
We needed no other party name to elect the
present Executive in 1868, nor will we need
any other to nominate and elect him, as we
certainly shall, in the approaching straggle.
And because I thus feel and believe, maintain-
ing at all times my own independence, I shall
not vote for an investigation which, though I
am sure it is neither denied or feared, is at
the same time, in view of the undeniable facts,
a reproach to the gratitude of the country for
its deliverance and unity, and possibly calcu-
lated to lead some one to think the Executive
guilty of wrong, though such imputation has
been more than once in terms, if not in words,
disclaimed upon this floor.
I have no right, moral or legal, to still fur-
ther open -wounds which ought iu all conscience
to be healed ; to still add fuel to the flame
which our enemies are continually fanning, to
do an act which puts upon trial the Executive
when I believe he is as free from suspicion as
those who move and advocate this revolution,
and so believing, I repeat I shall vote against it.
In the fourth place, Mr. President, I shall
vote as indicated, because in my judgment it
is beneath the dignity of this body, and un-
becoming the nation, to turn police officer, a
searcher of records, and engage in the little
business of running down witnesses for another
Government, which may or may not have been
defrauded by her agents. And I solemnly be-
lieve this is all there is left of this case. No
one pretends, as I have already said, that the
discrepancy in the accounts amounts to any-
thing ; the suspicion of a violation of neutral
obligations can scarcely stand on any better
ground; and now we are to engage in the dig-
nified and most honorable business of helping
France recover a few thousand dollars to which
she may or may not be entitled.
Long before the last session of the Forty-
First Congress these arms were sold, and most
of the correspondence now produced took
place. The Prussian authorities never com-
plained, and have not to this hour; France
of course did not; and yet upon a suspicion-
remember, there is no eha'rge, not one, btiC a,
bare suspicion—and even without being asked
if that could possibly make any difference, we
turn the members of this body away from their
vastly more important and legitimate duties,
and tell them to-see whether Remington & Son
or somebody else did not make too much profit
upon some ordnance stores sold -to another
country; and if they did, what then"? What
is that our business? No, sir, I shall not
be guilty of what I believe the great folly
of doing what I regard beneath this body,
beneath the dignity of this nation, by hunting
down our own citizens, opening up our own
records to gratify and satisfy the cupidity, the
curiosity, or the mortification of France ■ or
any other nation, or their agents and officers
at home or abroad.
But, Mr. President, I am told that it will
never do to deny investigation; that to do so
will subject us to the suspicion that we think
there is something wrong ; that those bent on
mischief will thereby have the capital desired,
and that the people will be swift to impute
improper conduct if light is shut out; and
those demanding it say, in most plausible and
apparently honest terms, " Give us light." I
would not improperly withhold light, but I do
not believe in this logic. I tell you the people
do not demand anything of this kind. They
discriminate now, as they always have, well
and justly. They understand this whole mat-
ter, and Senators deceive themselves if they
think otherwise. - They do not expect us, nor
will they justify our action in starting out a
select committee involving the expenditure of
thousands and thousands of dollars (and this
will be the result) whenever some one rises in
his place and says there are suspicious circum-
stances, but makes no charges, and'especially
when those suspicions are all repelled, rebutted,
completely overcome by the facts presented by
those asking the investigation. I know that
investigations are popular ; they are the order
of the day; and to those for even a probably
legitimate purpose I have no objection and
interpose none. But no one shall with my
vote obtain a committee that I know is neither
for the welfare of the country nor demanded
for the protection of a single right or the least
interest of any, the highest or humblest citizen
of this land.
While I would have all investigations thor-
ough and most impartial, neither shielding
political friends nor condemning without suf-
ficient cause political enemies, I would not
project an inquiry without cause, nor continue
it without fair prospect of doing good.
Now, Mr. President, when a member of
this body, as a question of privilege, asks an
investigation into a matter affecting his stand-
ing here or his right to a seat, I Would accord
it to him as a matter of right. So when, as in
the ease of the disturbances in the late insur-
rectionary States, of a nature so notorious and
infamous as to attract the1 attention and shock
the moral sense of every citizen of the land, I
would accord it almost without inquiry into its
necessity or possible good. - But when upon a
mere suspicion—and I cannot too often call
attention to the fact that here there are no
charges—I am asked to direct an investigation
into the acts of high officials, I must be per-
mitted-, and will take the liberty of determin-
ingfbrmyself whetherit isdemanded, whether
upon my oath the-publie interest will probably
be promoted thereby. If as a member of a
gfatid inquest, for instance, I could not present
an indictment against one charged with crime
upon insufficient proof, neither am I justified
in doing what may amount to the same'thing in
myplace hereupon themostremotesuspicion.
Or if this illustration is not regarded fair, I go
one step further, and say that if as an attorney
prosecuting for the Government in its courts
I could not, upon facts presented, recommend
investigation or action by the grand inquest,
neither should I in a parallel case, in view of
my oath here taken, recommend an investiga-
tion which I believe to be causeless, and the
result of which must be worse than fruitless.
No, Mr. President, I do not believe in the
logic which sanctions or permits investigation
in every case, because those seeking the same
may possibly attribute the refusal to a dispo-
sition to shield wrong-doers and seek thereby
to make political capital. As I have already-
said, the people can be trusted. I am sure
they would very much prefer that we attend
to the legitimate business of the country, than
to take time and expend money over those
matters which they themselves will and do
investigate and to which they will apply every
needed remedy. Then, too, Mr. President, no
man should be deterred from doing what in
his conscience he believes to be right by the
argument that his motives may be distrusted.
In proportion as political parties stand firmly
and squarely by the right, maintain those
measures and pursue that policy which jus-
tice, honesty, and principle sanction, in the
same proportion will they be strong and entitle
themselves to the approval of the people. No
party can afford to do wrong from motives of
expediency; nor can any individual protect
himself in a course not warranted in principle,
because by possibility his motives may be mis-
understood.
Then, Mr. President, let us do in this case
as in all others, what we believe to be right.
Let each one judge for himself and act accord-
ingly. And let us, as members ot the party
which saved the nation, and must, as I believe,
continue to administer its affairs it' we would
have peace and continued prosperity—let us, I
say, so act as to strengthen our hold upon the
people and deserve their support.. They hold
us responsible for.the administration of the
Government, and will judge correctly of our
motives and measures, if "wrongs exist we
can, as members of the party, correct them
better inside the organization than by affiliat-
ing, open or secret, with those opposed to
us. Nothing is to be made by fighting, from
motives personal or otherwise, in a captious or
unfriendly spirit, those "selected by the party
to administer its affairs. The success of the
great principles of the party is of vastly more
importance to the country, to humanity, and
to the world, than the personal triumph of
any man, or the defeat or success of any one
for the Presidency or other official position.
Mr. President, Senators sadly mistake the
temper of the times if they suppose by reso-
lutions such as this they can turn any one aside
from the true issues or endanger the. success
of the great party of progress and the election
; of the man already the next President bythe
unbiased and ever-honest verdict of the peo-
ple. There is something else for us all to do
than to angle for presidential candidates and
inflame the public mind with such measures
as that now before us.
The people, I repeat, will take care of these
matters. They will look to the next President
and to the next election. They expect us to
do something else, and to attend to those mat-
ters which we were sent here to accomplish.
The result next November is not doubtful.
Be must be blind to the signs of the times
who does not see that the people have settled
who shall for the succeeding term occupy the
executive chair. They are not ungrateful, nor
unmindful of their interests, nor ignorant of
what is transpiring. Their confidence in -the
Administration, 1 affirm, is each day being
strengthened, whatever politicians may say to
the contrary.
Then why should- any man wage war when
the effect can only be id give courage to our
enemies, and tend to divide and distract the
forces which upon principle and every motive
