8918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered. •
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As the yeas
and nays are ordered, I will,merely state the
reasons of my vote. This .questiou between
wool and woolens has been settled now for
four or five years by a compromise between
the wool interest and the wool-growers. At
the time of that compromise this differential
duty that is imposed upon wool .brought by
the way of Loudon from beyond the Cape
of Good Hope was not taken into account.
It existed uuder a prior , and different act of
Congress. Upon assembling together during
the past year, the. wool-growers and wool
manufacturers agreed that this differential
duty, so far as wool was concerned, should
be removed. About three fourths of all the
woolen manufacturers are supporting the duty
upon wool, and in order to keep up good faith,
as I understand it, thi^duty should be removed;
Mr. SHERMAN. ' There is no question
here of good faith between the woolen manu-
facturers and the wool-growers pf this coun-
try. It is purely a commercial regulation.
It has been the time-honored policy of this
Government of the United States to, make this
discriminating duty of ten per cent. in. favor
of direct trade between China and the East
Indies and America. This has been sub-
stantially the law for many years, during
many Administrations in order to induce Amer-
ican vessels to explore the Bast India seas
and carry on a direct commerce between those
regions of the world and our own country.
Therefore it is that if goods produced in the
Bast Indies are brought to Holland, or Eng-
land, or France, and there landed^ seek a mar-
ket, and are then imported either in foreign
vessels or American vessels from this side of
the Cape of Good H.ope, an additional duty of
ten per cent, hasbeenadded. That hasbeen the
policy, .not in favor of the wool-grower, but in
favor of commerce; and I call the attention
of my friend from Maine [Mr. Moreill] to
the fact that this has been the most important
regulation of commerce in favor of direct
intercourse between the far-distant regions of
the world and our own country. It has been
against the policy of the country ever to make
exceptions to this rule", We did it for cotton
during the war, because we had to get the India
cotton here to supply the vacuum caused by the
war. We did it for,the benefit of silk, in order
to induce the raw cocoons to be brought here
direct to be spun into silk, so as to build up the
silk industry. We allowed them to be lirought
to England or to France and tbejnce here.
Now it is proposed to extend it to wool.
This section is one copied from the old laws.
It is in the very words of the laws of 1846 and
1842. The principal object of reenacting it
here is to cure the imperfect language of the
act in regard to tea aud coffee. Among the
other evil results that came from the bill re-
pealing the duty on tea and coffee was that it
repealed the differential duties, so that now tea
manufactured in England out of the leaves of
England can be brought here into our ports to
take the place of the Chinese tea from China.
And so of coffee, which is brought from Java
and the East India islands to certain ports in
Europe and then brought here. It was for the
purpose of giving to commerce that encourage-
ment, to make a trade between those remote
countries and our own, that it was thought
necessary to revive this law. It was held at the
Treasury Department that the act repealing the
duty on tea and coffee repealed the differential
dmiesas well as the duty on tea and coffee.
This differential duty has been the policy of
the Government. Ithas been the subject of a
decision in the Supreme Court. It has been
maintained as our policy. If there is any case
in which this policy ought to be maintained it
ought to be in favor of the direct importation
of wool from Australia to this country. If the
amendment of the Senator from Connecticut
prevails, the wool of Australia will be taken
to England, there sold to us at second-hand,
and brought to our country for a market;
while, if thp differential duty.is maintained,
•wool will b.e brought in English pr American
vessels direct from Australia to our own coun-
try. That is the whole of it. If you except
wool, I do not see why you may not except any
other, article.; .why you may not except tea,
hemp, flax, jute, and a thousand other things
that form, the basis of our East India com-
merce.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM., .The proposition is
to have this bill- go into effect on the 1st day
of July next. There are thousands of bales
of wool on the way from Bombay as well as
Australia, and there is a large amount of wool
that ought to come here from other portions
of the world besides Australia; but the diffi-
culty is that there is so small a quantity that
you cannot load ships except in the present
condition of the American market and of the
wool markets of the world. Youcannot bring
a cargo of wool ordinarily from Australia or
from Bombay to this country. It must of
necessity_ go to Holland or to London, the
great majority of it, and unless you give the
American manufacturer an opportunity to go
there and make his selection, you virtually
give the European manufacturer a premium
and enable him to buy the article cheaper than
we can.
Mr. MORTON. We are now, I believe, on
the seventh page of this bill. If all the details
of the bill are to be contested we shall not be
able to conclude it this week. For one, I am
disposed to follow the committee as a general
thing in regard to the details of the bill, except
on matters of which I may have some doubt.
But I am willing to follow the committee as a
general thing, and 1 hope theSenate will do so,
because otherwise we shall never get through.
I believe the bill has been well considered in
both Houses.
ThfePRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Connecticut to the amendment of the commit-
tee, on which the yeas aud nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 31; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Buckingham,
Carpenter, Chandler, Conkling, Flanagan, Freling-
huysen, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Patterson, Poineroy, Sawyer, Schurz, Tip-
ton, and Wilson—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Boreman,
Casserly, Clayton, Cooper, Corbett, Davis of West
Virginia, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Texas. Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, John-
ston, Kelly, Lewis, Norwood,Nye, Itaas6m, Robert-
son, Saulsbury, Scott, Sherman, Stevenson, Trum-
bull. Vickers, West, :ir>;i Wright—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Caldwell, Cameron,
Cole, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Ferry
of Connecticut, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamlin, Howe,Kellogg, Logan,Osbom, Pool, Pratt,
Ramsey, "Rice, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton,
Sumner, Thurman, and Wmdotn—26.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. After the word
" except," in the tenth line, I move to insert
the word " ivory."
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment of the committee was
adopted.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section four, lines one and
two, to strike out the words "day and year
when this act shall take effect," and to insert
the words "1st day of July, 1872."
The amendment was agreed to.
. The next amendment was in section four,
to strike out after line nine the following
clause:
On all burlaps, and like manufactures of flax, jut®,
or hemp, or of which flax, jute, or hemp shall be the
component material of chief value, excepting such
as may be suitable for use as bagging for covering
cotton, or for the uses to which such bagging is
applied, thirty per cent, advalorem ; on all oil-cloth
foundations oi floor-cloth canvas, made of flax, jute,
or hemp, or of which flax, jute, or hemp shall be the
component material of chief value, forty per cent.
ad valorem; on all bags, cotton bags, and bagging,
and all other like manufactures, not herein other-
wise provided for, and'not suitable for use as bag-
ging for covering cfltton, composed wholly or in
part of flax, hemp, jute, gunny-cloth, gunny-bags,
or other material, forty per cent, ad valorem.
And to'insert in lieu thereof:
On cotton bagging, or other manufactures, not
otherwise provided for, suitable forthe uses to which
cotton bagging is a<pplied, composed in whole or in
part of hemp, jute, flax, gunny-bags, gunny-cloth,
or other material, and valued at seven cents or less
per square yard, one and one half cents per pound:'
valued at over seven cents per square yard, two and
one fourth cents per pound.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to add to the mat-
ter proposed to be inserted the words which will
be found commencing iu line fourteen and
ending iu line seventeen of the preceding.para-
graph, as follows:
On all oil-cloth foundations, or floor-cloth can-
vas, made of flax, jute, or hemp, or of which flax,
jute, or hemp shall be the component material of
chief value, forty per cent, ad valorem.
"I think it was struck out by mistake, and I
presume there will be no objection to having
it added to the amendment which has just been
read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish the Senate to un-
derstand that that is an increase o.f duty. .The
present duty is thirty-five per cent, ad valo-
rem, as I understand, I hppe, whenever a
proposition is made to increase a duty on this
bill, the Senator making the motion will inform
the Senate of that fact, so that they may un-
derstand it.. The committee rejected this
whole amendment.
Mr. SCOTT. My understanding of it is
this.: that while the duty, as the chairman has
stated, on oil-cloth's is thirty five per cent., this
was inserted in this section iu the House for
the purpose of meeting the manufacture of
oil-cloth foundatious or floor cloth canvas,
which is made, as we were informed, by.a,spe-
cial machinery made for that purpose, and
which requires frames of so large a size that
a building has to be erected especially for the
purpose of receiving them. Such a.manufac-
tory, or ohe or two-of them, I am told, are
erected in .Brooklyn, New York.
Mr. FENTON. One. '
Mr. SCOTT. And they particularly con-
cern the constituents of the Senator from New
York who makes this motion. This was the
explanation given, and it was stated I be-
lieve in committee that the omission of this
clause in relation to oil-cloth foundations in a
paragraph which relates chiefly to burlaps was
a mistake, and the Senator from New York
makes this motion for thfe purpose of correct-
ing that alleged mistake.'
Mr. SHERMAN. All I can say is that the
cemmittee after full examination concluded
not to put flax and the'manufactures of flax
on the ten per cent, reduction, on the ground
that it was an industry that was not' yet well
established; but this is a proposition to in-
crease it. I never heard in committee, and I
believe I was there all the time, of any prop-
osition^ this kindi I think it would not be
acting in very good faith toward other inter-
ests, when we are reducing them all around ten
per cent., except this flax interest, to increase
the duty on manufactures of flax.
Mr. FENTON. I do not think this para-
graph which was struck out in committee was
analyzed by the committee at alt. It was re-
jected as a whole. The view of the Senator
from Pennsylvania I have no doubt would have
prevailed with the committee if the point had
been made in committee, and that, portion of
the section which it is now proposed to add to
the paragraph as read at the Secretary's desk
would have been very likely retained. The
statement is well made by the Senator from
Pennsylvania. One of these establishments
has been recently constructed in the city of
