3022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
is not worded so as to make them build iron-
clads such as we would build ourselves. It is
worded so that the constructing officers of the
Navy may have opportunities of suggesting
and seeing that as tar as practicable these ves-
sels are made so as to be serviceable in time
of war.
In addition to that, let me say that it makes
them much more secure as passenger vessels;
and if we are to assist these lines, I think we
have a right to see that the vessels may be of
service to us when we need them, and also
that they are as safe and secure and strong as
any vessels can be made. An ordinary vessel
built simply for purposes of economy and
making money, with no other object in view,
might not be safe ; and certainly such a ves-
sel would not bear the recoil of great guns
such as we are now making.
The Senator from Minnesota yesterday read
from the testimony of Admiral Porter that any
vessel which could carry freight could carry
guns. That is literally true; but I think not
true in the sense thai the Admiral probably
used the expression. I have not been able to
find the sentence. They can carry guns ; they
can carry those guns as freight, but they cannot
fire them. The recoil from one of those large
guns is so great that I presume if you had not
a carriage which diminishes the friction grad-
ually, any ship that ever was built in the Navy
would be torn to pieces by the rccoil from one
of those guns. Certainly it would destroy the
use of the vessel forever afterward. You can
only fire tliem at all by having a strong ship,
and by means of a veiy ingenious invention
which we now have in oui gun-cartiagcs.
The result of my thoughts 011 tins subject is
that, without any onerous burden whatever
upon the companies, this amendment will
really be an advantage to them, and we can
secure vessels which, while not such as we
would build if we wcrt1 building nothing but
war vessels, will be extremely valuable and
serviceable in case ot any sudden emergency
of_ war. I merely give notice now that I will
offer the amendment, because it is better that
Senators before voting on the change recom-
mended by the committee should know what
is proposed.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
Mr. WIN DOM. I desire merely to say,
without occupying any portion of the live min-
utes ol the Senator from California, that
the Committee on Appropriations, or at least
a majority of them, examined the amendment
suggested by the Senator Irom New Jersey
[Mr. Stockton'] this morning, and I am au-
thorized to say they will accept it. 1 think it
would be well to have the atiiendme.il ie.i.d at
the Secretary's desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
And it shall be su constructed as to bo readily
adapted to the armed naval service ot the United
States in tune of war; and before acceptance, the
otliccrs by whom they are inspected shall report to
the Secretary ol' tile Navy and the Postmaster Gen-
eral whether tins condition has been complied
with.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) If there be no
objection the amendment to the amendment
will be regarded as agreed to. The Chair
hears no objection, and it is agreed to.
_Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I heard
with regret the Senator from Indiana, [Mr.
Morton,] prominent and influential Senator
as he is with tbe majority here, move to apply
the five-minutes rule awhile ago to the debate
on the amendments on this bill. Sir, this is
a very important bill. Besides the ordinary
routine of post office appropriations, it con-
tains as reported by the committee two im-
portant subsidies, one for the China line, and
one for the Brazil line. Doubtless also it is
well understood that two other amendments
will be offered; one for a subsidy to the Aus-
tralian line, and another subsidy which I do
not now remember. Now, sir, if I can have
the attention of the Senate  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suspend business until order is restored
in the Chamber.
Mr. CASSERLY". I do not know but that
it would be an economy of time for the Sen-
ate to adjourn until the Cincinnati convention
is over. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator make that motion?
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir, I merely sug-
gest it. What with the reading of dispatches
and discussing them here this morning, I
think the shade of Alexander Hamilton, could
it be brought again on this floor, could not
command five minutes' attention.
The Senator from Indiana did not give us,
if 1 remember aright, the benefit of any dis-
cussion on his part yesterday. I do not know
that he was in the Chamber during the debate.
But I will state to him now, and I call it, to the
recollection of Senators who were here, that
the debate was by no means prolix, nor did it
threaten prolixity if continued. But four Sen-
ators spoke. The first Senator who spoke,
the Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Kelly,] spoke,
I should think, for ten minutes or a quarter
of an hour, and the whole four senators did
not consume more than two hours. Now, sir,
after a discussion of two hours on these im-
portant subsidies presenting so many varied
questions, one of them a gieat question which,
as tlie Senator from Oregon conceivcd, affected
the labor of this country, the Senator Irom In-
diana moves to-day, and the Senate sustains
bis motion, to limit further debate on tbe
amendments of thecharaeterl have desciibed,
to live minutes. So far as I am concerned, I
make no complaint for myself; I have already
expressed myself sufficiently on the Chinese
question to be understood if lam capable of
making myself understood at any time ; but it
seems to ine that it was an unwise use to make
of the rule, to apply it as the Senator from
Indiana succeeded in getting the Senate to
apply it this morning.
1 listened to what the Senator from Oregon
said, and said so well yesterday. I sympa-
thized with all the objections he presented to
any measures tending to encourage or increase
the importation or even the immigration of
Chinese labor into the United States. 1 sug-
gest to him, however, whether it will not be
more easy to enforce existing or future laws
of the United States as to the discouragement
of coolie labor, or the importation ot it, or
the transportation of it into the United States,
it the passenger business is confined practi-
cally to the mail steamers of the United States
stalling upon specified days under circum-
stances which make, as it seems to me, in-
vestigation of the character of the immigra-
tion, whether voluntary oi otherwise, far more
easy than it ever can be if the immigration or
the transportation of those people is in any
great part conducted by private sailing ships.
So far as 1 am concerned, the Legislature
of the State of California has fixed my posi-
tion on this bill; I mean upon so much of it
as relates to the subsidy to the China mail.
By a very large vote, as 1 am informed, it
passed resolutions instructing its Senators in
favor of the further subsidy now proposed.
Of course 1 do not understand that as taking
away from me in any respect or impairing in
any degree the right which I have here, and
the duly also, of making such amendments as
in my judgment tend better to protect the
interests ot my State and of my coast and the
country at large. I say that now, in order
that my own position may not be misunder-
stood by any Senator here, or by anybody else-
where.
I believe, sir, I have perhaps exceeded by
a little my five minutes.
Mr. STOCKTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Senator from California be
allowed to proceed. He has but a very few
remarks to make, and I do not think any Sen-
ator would wish to cut him short.
Mr. POMEROY. As this is a matter that
relates peculiarly to California, I hope the
Senator will be allowed to proceed by unani-
mous consent..
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
bears no objection, and the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will proceed.
Mr. CASSERLY". Mr. President, the Pacific
Mail company has two lines of s,earners on
the Pacific ocean, one between San Francisco
and Japan and China, and the other between
San Francisco and Panama. The line between
San Francisco and Panama was the pioneer
couvejanee between the eastern part of the
Un.ted'Siates and the world at large and the
Pacific coast in the early days of the State of
California. 11 is aline which has a greathold
in eonsequenee upon the kindly recollections
of the people of that coast. As a rule, I
believe it to have been fairly managed, and in
such a way as on the whole to deserve the
favor which it has received. It is very import-
ant to us (and I call the attention of the Senate
to the point now very briefly, for I shall un-
doubtedly have more to say by and by) that
the line between San Francisco and Panama
should be keptonfoot; and I hope in granting
aid to the China line of the same company, for I
repeat it is the same company that owns both
Hues, the Senate will make some provision by
which the Panama line shall be continued.
Gentlemen in the Senate who were members
of the committee on the investigation of the
custom-house in New Y'ork will remember
what our eyes saw and our ears heard there
during our stay there. The blockade of the
raihoad, which had been tbe usual, and of
course for the great body of merchandise
the favorite mode of transportation between
all of the United States east of the Missouri
river and the Pacific coast, had practically
disorganized the whole business. There was
a complete aneurism, if I may so say, of that
great artery of commerce. The suffering on
tlie Pacific coast was very great, and the losses
of correspondents on this side and in Europe
were by no means inconsiderable. In that
juncture, what should we have done either on
this side or the other side of the Rocky mount-
ains but for tbe Panama line? And my asso-
ciates upon the committee of investigation saw,
as I saw upon more than one occasion, the great
lush of freights to the Pacific coast by way of
Panama. ilad not that line of steamships
been then running, it is difficult to conceive of
the disasters that might have occuired on the
Pacific coast, difficult to conceive of the losses
that must have fallen upon the correspondents
everywhere of tbe business men of that coast.
Therefore i shall have occasion hereafter to
propose an amendment to the amendment of
the committee, with a view to the mainte-
nance of that invaluable line. I call it invalu-
able. It is, perhaps, now more so than ever.
It furnishes tlie only competitor upYm which
the people of the Pacific coast can rely with
that gigantic railroad company which has
established, and now controls, the entire rail
road system of the State of California, and
every line and link that connects California
with the rest of the world. I bring forward
the subject now m order that it, may arrest
the attention of the Senate. I may say some
tiling further when I offer an amendment which
I hope Will meet the good favor of the Senate.
Mr. COUBETr. The importance of this
line of steamers, it appears to me, cannot be
overestimated. 'Ibis country furnishes the
material for building ships peculiarly adapted
to the Pacific coast. I am informed that iron
ships are not a.s desirable for navigating the
waters of that coast as ships built mainly of
wood and copper, owing to the fact that the
waters of the Pacific, being so much calmer
and warmer than those of the Atlantic, lead
to the constant creation of fouling upon the
vessels, and hence iron ships are not so well
adapted to the navigation of those waters
as wooden-built vessels.
