1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3023
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company have
built a large number of these vessels, con-
structed wholly, I believe, of American mate-
rial, and in this country, and I believe they
are of a larger class than the requirement of
the law. They are certainly the finest ships
that I ever stepped foot on board of. I think
no one can deny that they are the pride of
American commerce, and I think where in any
portion of this country or foreign countries
American ships can be used to better advan-
tage than foreign-built ships, we certainly
ought to increase the building of such ships,
and encourage that commerce and maintain
it. We are now in possession of the commerce
of the Pacific ocean, and particularly that por-
tion of it running to China and Japan, and if
we give this additional subsidy to the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, I have no doubt we
shall maintain that line and maintain the pos-
session of that commerce as against all com-
petitors.
I am in favor of liberal encouragement to
commerce in every way possible. The Com-
mittee on Commerce have had this subject
under consideration. Various Boards of Trade
throughout this country have been before
them representing the interests of commerce,
and they represent that the commercial com-
munity are more interested perhaps on this
question than any other that we are considering
fiom time to time. We had the representa-
tives of some forty Chambers of Commerce
before our committee. They made recom-
mendations to the committee for the en-
couragement of the rebuilding of ships in this
country. The Committee on Commerce have
made a report in accordance with the recom-
mendations substantially of these Chambers of
Commerce who represent the commercial com-
munity throughout the country, and I hope that
we shall be able to take up that question so
far as the rebuilding of ships in this country
and the encouragement of that branch of in-
dustry is concerned.
But so far as this line of steamships to China
is concerned, we have possession of this trade,
and it is of importance that we should continue
to encourage and strengthen it, so that no for-
eign competitor can take hold of that commerce
and supersede us.
I trust that we shall deal with this line in a
liberal spirit. They certainly have been enter-
prising, and have built up such a line of steam-
ers as is a credit to the country. Their past
efforts and their past industry in the develop-
ment of a commerce that has been brought
out by their energy are a guarantee for the
future; and 1 trust we shall still continue to ex-
tendsuch aid as is necessary to maintain them.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Pres-
ident, X have listened attentively to the hon-
orable Senator from Minnesota, and also to
the honorable Senator from Oregon, to hear
something said in favor of this very large ap-
propriation of the public money. The bill
itself undertakes to appropriate $500,000 for
this steam mail service, for what I am not
able to understand; and now it is proposed
in addition to that to appropriate $500,000
more for ten additional years, for what pur-
pose I am not yet able to understand.
If I understood the honorable Senator from
Minnesota in his remarks yesterday, he stated
that this was a most prosperous line, that it
was building new ships and good ships. He
spoke about the gieat trade they were now
conducting, and the great profits derived from
it. If so, why the occasion of all this? The
honorable Senator from Oregon also stated
that this line was in a most prosperous condi-
tion. Is it so upon your Atlantic sea-board ?
Is it so elsewhere? Have you any such line
elsewhere? Aud if you undertake because
this is on the Pacific ocean to appropriate
these large sums of money for such a long
period of time, how will it be when you come
to your Atlantic sea-board, where you have no
lines of the kind? ;
Hereis the beginning of that great system
of subsidy; and whenyou begin it here, where
is it to end? If you undertake to lavish
$10,000,000 upon a prosperous line in the full
tide of prosperity, what are you to do with
lines that have nothing and that cannot sup-
port themselves against the competition of
foreign lines? It is the beginning of that
system which is to discriminate in favor of
one port against another. You will have a
line at San Francisco, you may have a line at
Norfolk or at New Orleans, and you may have
a line at Philadelphia or New York. Inter-
mediate ports are to be discriminated against,
so that you not only have this unnecessary
and lavish expenditure of public money, bur,
you have an unjust discrimination against
localities. It is neither just in the expendi-
ture of money, looking at it in that point of
view alone, nor will it be just to the people of
the whole country when you come to the
establishment of a system of the kind.
This money ought to be expended for one
of two purposes. First, it ought to be ex-
pended for the postal service. If we want
mails carried to these distant parts, let us pay
the mail service for it. But when we under-
take to mix up with this the idea of the en-
couragement of these lines to atd the estab-
lishment of a navy, or vessels of war fit for a
navy, I say, with all respect to the honorable
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton*,]
that that is a mere pretense for money. If we
have a war these vessels will never be used,
and it will be a long time, I anticipate, before
we shall have a war, and I am opposed to
the policy of expending the public money in
times of peace calculating upon an ultimate
war.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I desire, if the Senate
will permit me, to take a little more time than
five minutes. Unless I can have more time,
I have nothing to say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to giving the Senator from Virginia
more time than five minutes? The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. What time does the Sen-
ator require?
Mr. JOHNSTON. About fifteen or twenty
minutes. ["No objection."]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Virginia asks for from fifteen to
twenty minute?. The Chair hears no objec-
tion, and he will proceed.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Mr. President, the nom-
inal and professed object of this amendment,
and of others that follow it in the bill, is to
revive the lost American art of ship building,
and to improve and invigorate our commerce.
It is a known fact that we are not building
ships in the United States; it is claimed that
our commerce is declining; and the object
sought to be obtained is to let these two great
interests be restored.
Before undertaking to declare the proper
means for reviving these interests it is proper to
inquire what hasbeen the cause of theirdecline.
We must know what the disease is before we
undertake to apply a remedy. It has been
said and asserted generally that the depreda-
tions of the Alabama were one cause of the
decline of American commerce. The depre-
dations of one small confederate steamer
surely afford a wholly insufficient cause for the
decline of the vast commerce the United States,
possessed. But if it was one of the causes
during the war it cannot be now. The Ala-
bama no longer walks the waters. The bot-
tom of the sea received her years ago. If her
depredations destroyed our commerce the re-
sult ought to have ceased with her existence.
Surely her shadow does not still haunt the seas
and keep off and destroy American commerce.
There must be some other cause deeper and
broader and greater than that; and if there is,
our right plan is to apply the remedy to that
cause, and not apply mere temporary expedi-
ents.
This amendment to the bill is a subsidy to
particular lines of steamers. The effect would
be to improve and assist those lines; but we
do not desire only to help and make particular
lines prosperous; we want all interests of ship-
building, all commercial interests revived.
We want that our commerce shall be upon
every sea and upon every ocean, and our ship-
yards to be again busy; and in order to effect
tliese things we must apply remedies that will
cure the disease, and not merely affect partic-
ular lines. The English do not subsidize all
their lines ; only a few. The subsidized lines
are benefited; but a very small part of the
commerce of England is carried on in those
lines. If those lines were stopped 
[Senators were engaged in groups in dif-
ferent parts of the Hall reading dispatches and
otherwise, so that the honorable Senator on
the floor could not be heard.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senators
will preserve order.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I think that the Senate
had better adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator make that motion?
Mr. JOHNSTON. Yes, sir.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hopes Senators will assist the Chair in main-
taining order.
Mr. JOHNSTON. It seems almost im-
possible to do business to-day.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 have just heard of the
death of an eminent journalist, [laughter,] and
I suppose the motion to adjourn was on that
account.
Mr. JOHNSTON. Mr. President, in order
to ascertain what are the causes for the decline
of American commerce, I propose to read
some extracts from a report made by the com-
mittee of the other House on the subject a few
years ago. I think it will be found that evi-
dence before that committee sustains the theory
that the decline of our ship-building and of
our commerce is attributable entirely to our
high tariff and our high internal taxation. If
these are the true causes, it is useless to apply
mere temporary expedients by way of remedy.
Subsidies will not remove them ; they will
benefit the subsidized lines, but wiil leave all
our other commercial interest in the state of
decay they now exhibit. I have taken a good
many extracts from that report because they are
to the same effect. It is a case in which cumu-
lative evidence is valuable. The evidence of
a single witness upon such a subject would not
be of much value, but where we have the con-
current testimony of a great number of experts
on that subject, then the testimony of each
man adds to the weight of that which has
been given before; and in order, therefore, to
show what are the true causes of the decline
of American commerce and of American
ship-building, I propose to read several ex-
tracts from that report. Mr. Low says:
"The English protect their ships, but we burden
ours. We burden every supply that goes on board
our ships. Every pound of tea and every pound of
sugar is burdened with heavy tariff charges. The
English exempt the stores that are put on board
their ships from such charges. In every way they
increase their shipping interests, and in everyway
we depress ours." * * ^ " *
" In the first instance we have a depreciated cur-
rency. I think that militates against the building
of ships. We have very high prices of labor, and
high prices of all the materials that enter into the
construction of ships. These prices are increased
by the laws which are designed to protect other
branches of industry, and of course they alt tend to
increase the cost of the ships in the lirst instance,
and the cost of the sailing of the ship atter she is
built." * ^ * * *' Individually, I have
always been in favor of protecting American inter-
ests. I have been inclined to sustain our own arch-
itects, builders, and mechanics, and to rear our own
sailors and advance the interests of eomerce gener-
ally in that direction. Most of our laws are formed
with it view to protecting our various industries; but
the laws which protect our general industry bear
oppressively upon this particular interest, so that
the laws which are designed for the protection, of
