1872.
THE C0 X(xllESSIOis AL GLOBE.
2127
pledging the credit of the city for this sum of
money, X should like to finish on the present
stats of taxation in this District.
The organic act, you remember, sir, prohibits
the laying of tax in any form or for any pur-
pose in excess, I believe, of two per cent, per
annum, is it not?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The honorable Senator
from Nevada, il' he had not abandoned the
field, could perhaps tell me, as he is so well
informed about affairs in the District. I think
it is two per cent. Since this District govern-
ment came into existence, less than a year
.ago, it has voted through both houses and
has made it the law of the District, so far
as its action had the power to make it the
law of the District, the following taxes: for
the District fund, seventy cents; for lighting
the city, fifteen cents; Metropolitan police,
twenty cents; public schools, sixty cents ; ten
year bonds, ten cents ; interest on the four
million loan, thirty-seven cents; principal of
said loan, twenty-two cents—that is a sinking
fund, I suppose—new water loan, six cents;
Piedmont railroad, five cents ; interest on sec-
ond four million loan, thirty-seven cents; mar-
ket-house bonds, seven cents ; for payment of
floating debt, thirty cents, which the organic
act required them to make a tax for ; interest
on old funded debt, fifteen cents; seveu-thirr.y
ceriificat.es, twenty-five cents; Chicago fire
bonds, one cent—making $3 60 that they have
already assessed. Deducting one of the four
million loans, which I suppose is regarded
either as void or is to be annulled by an act
of Congress—I believe that is to be it—that
will be thirty-seven cents out; and then take
out the Piedmont railroad, five cents, and
those are the only things that can be deducted,
making forty-two cents out, which still leaves
a tax on every $100 of valuation of $3 18.
Now I wish to ask my honorable friend from
Virginia if, wilh an annual taxation upon the
property of this District on every $100 of
§3 18, in the face of the organic act which
declares that it shall never exceed two dol-
lars, and with or without that, situated as the
trade of this city is, as its manufacturing in-
terests are, if it can be said to have any, as Its
capacity to produce money with which to pay
taxes is, he thinks any people can long bear
that burden of taxation with ease, with profit,
or with propriety? Why, sir, look at the con-
dition of this city at this time. Instead of its
bonds selling like those of the city of Boston
or any of the other cities almost ill this coun-
try whose affairs are managed with prudence
and propriety—and I am not speaking this by
way of criticism on the existing authorities,
because I pass no judgment on them now, but
I only speak of facts—the bonds of this city,
instead of being as they ought to be for the
bonds of the municipal capital of the nation,
above par. are a great ways below par, an d these
very bonds that are being set aside for these
public improvements or this four million
loan, although I believe they are a seven per
cent, gold bond, are sel'ing for I think about
ninety cents or eighty-odd cents on the dollar—
a new fresh loan—while the bonds of the city
of Boston, which are a six per cent, bond pay-
able in curiency, are selling above par.
What does this mean? It means that the
people who have money to lend have not faith
in the ultimate ability of the property and
people in this District to bear the amount of
burdens that are imposed upon them. Now
you are to improve the credit of this city by
adding in favor of an unknown railroad cor-
poration with a charter as vague as the wind,
as I shall presently show, with a road that
may go anywhere they please to make it go ;
you are to increase the credit of the city, I
suppose, and help it out of its difficulties by
taking up the cry of a popular assembly that
you will go $000,000 more!
Now let us look a little further. Here is the
charter of this railroad company passed on the
28th of June, 1870, by the Legislature of Vir-
ginia:
" That it shall bo lawful to open books of sub-
scription for the capital stock of a company to be
incorporated by the name of the Piedmont and
Potomac Railroad Company, for the purpose of con-
structing a railroad from a point on the Potomac
river"—
Which is outside of the city of Washington
on that side, I take it—
"at or near the Chain bridge, or at or near the
Aqueduct bridge"—
not the Long bridge—
" or upon some railroad leading to one of them"."
Leading either to the Aqueduct bridge or to
the Chain bridge. This is an indefinite grant
to have the eastern terminus, if you so call it,
of this Piedmont and Potomac railroad upon
any railroad which may at any time come to
the Aquedirct bridge or the Chain bridge. Now,
what railroad will come there first? Why,
the railroad that is being graded, as 1 believe,
for I have happened to see it as I have driven
over that way to Arlington, the soldiers'
burial-ground—there appears to bo a tailroad
being graded there which will run from Alex-
andria, or somewhere on the Orange and
Alexandria railroad up the Potomac river to
the Point of Rocks, or wherever it may be,
possibly to Leesburg. So that this company
will have authority the moment the grading
and the rails are carried up to the Aqueduct
bridge at Georgetown from Alexandria or
from the Chain bridge to connect anywhere
with that line.
They may go, if they please, and sell out to
the Orange and Alexandria, and turn the road
around the head of the Blue Ridge, and not
bring it to the city of Washington at all; and
if they can make money out of it, nobody can
complain, for the reason that the Legislature
of Virginia, acting for its interests, and mak-
ing just such a charter as these people prob-
ably wished to get, have given them a charter
to put the eastern end of this road, in sub-
stance, anywhere they please, provided they
connect with any railroad that goes either to
the Chain bridge or the Aqueduct bridge.
That is a very extraordinary road to lend aid
to. Let us look where it goes :
"To Aldie, in the county of Loudoun; thence to
connect with the Orange, Alexandria, and Manassas
railroad, at or near Rectortown, in the county of
Fauquier."
So it seems we arc to hit the Orange and
Alexandria road at, Rectortown. We can,
I think, go from the city of Washington to-
day by a railroad already built, by stepping
to the foot 9f the Capitol grounds, to the very
point at Rectortown where it is proposed to
build another road, only it will swing around
the other side of the hill, I suppose, and keep a
little way off from the Orange, Alexandria,
and Manassas railroad. In other words, we
are to have a parallel line, when everybody
knows there is not business enough oil this
road now to keep it np and make a dividend.
The State of Virginia, of course, will man-
age her own affairs ; I claim, no right to pro-
nounce any criticism on her conduct; but in
the State where I reside it would not be re-
garded as the best thing for the public interest
to charter railroads running so close to each
other that they would necessarily destroy the
success and prosperity of each. The Manassas
railroad comes to the city of Washington from
Rectortown, according to the statement of this
charter. It has not business enough now to
support it. In order to aid the city of Wash-
ington and promote the public interests, you
propose to build another road from the same
place by a swinging line to come to the same
termination, which will of course diminish
from that point of competition the businesson
the exi-.tmg road. That will not help to keep
it in good repair. It is rather a ricketly con-
cern now.
Mr. LEWIS. If the Senator will allow me,
as 1 do not intend to say anything more on
this subject, if he will examme the map, as I
have no doubt he has examined it, he will see
that theseroads do not run parallel, and that
the proposed road penetrates a country that
has no railroad facilities, and all the products
of that country that find their way to this
market are brought for forty miles in wagons
and cart3.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not know what the
Senator means when he says this railroad
penetrates a country that has no railroad facili-
ties, when the law of Virginia declares that it
penetrates a country where there is a railroad,
as far as I have gone with it now. I have not
got through with the line yet quite, but I have
got as far as Rectortown, in the State of Vir-
ginia, a distance, I suppose, of twenty-five or
thirty miles. The chairman of the Committee
on the District of Columbia, who is responsible
for this bill, I suppose, tells me he does not
kno"- how far it is to Rectortown.
Mr. PATTERSON. I hope my friend from
Vermont will r ot hold the chairman of the
committee responsible for this bill. The bill
was considered in my absence from the city.
I have not examined it, and take no responsi-
bility in relation to the matter.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very glad my friend
has so stated.
Mr. SPENCER. I will state to the Senator
from Vermont that there is a railroad running
parallel to it, within ten miles of it, on the
north, and ten mile3 of it on the south, and I
think Rectortown is thirty miles.
Mr. LEWIS. Rectortown is a point on the
road. It. only crosses the road at Rectortown.
Mr. EDMONDS. How far is it from here
to Rectortown ?
Mr. LEWIS. I suppose about forty miles.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is a railroad from
here to Rectortown ?
Mr. LEWIS. There is a circuitous route, a
branch running up from the Orange and Alex-
andria railroad, which goes to Rectortown
almost at right angles.
Mr. EDMUNDS.. How far is it from here
to Rectortown by railroad ?
Mr. LEWIS. About fifty miles.
Mr. EDMUNDS. About fifty miles, and it
is about forty miles by the proposed line. The
people of the District of Columbia are to be
taxed §000,000, then, for the purpose of saving
a quarter of an hour's ride in going to Rector-
town and coming back. Where does it go
from Rectortown? We find that we can go
out by railroad to Rectortown already:
"And thence to or near Luray, in the county of
Page, to eonnoct. with the Shenandoah Valley rail-
road or the Luray Valley railroad."
May I ask my friend from Virginia, as I am
a little ignorant about his State, more so than
I ought to 1)0, whether in the county of Page
there is a railroad now called the Shenandoah
Valley railroad?
Mr. LEWIS. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is not?
Mr. LEWIS. 1 will answer the Senator
fully on that question. There is a road, a por-
tion of it, graded and under contract now,
called the Page Valley railroad, which goes to
Staunton, and with which this road is to con-
nect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not what I am
asking, although I am glad t,o get that inform-
ation. I am asking my friend whether there
is such a railroad known to the law and to the
fact in the county of Page as is called the
Shenandoah Valley railroad?
Mr. LEWIS. No. sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is there any such road
in that county as is called the Luray Valley
railroad ?
Mr. LEWIS. Yes, sir; there is such a road
in contemplation and a portion of it graded.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Thou I am happy to learn
there is in contemplation this connecting end
of the Piedmont and Potomac railroad ; that
in the valley of Luray they contemplate having
a railroad which shall be known by the name
of the Luray Valley railroad, which, when its
