3920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2t,
On acetates of ammonia, twenty-five cents per
pound; baryta, twenty-five cents per pound; iron,
twenty-five cents per pound; lead, brown, five cents
per pound; white, ten cents per pound; potassa,
twenty-five cents per pound; soda, twenty-five
cents per pound; strontia, twenty-five cents per
pound; zinc, twenty-five cents per pound.
On blue vitriol, three cents per pound.
The amendment was Agreed to.
The next amendment "was in section four,
after line fifty-five, to insert "argols or crude
tartar, three cents per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The, next amendment was in section four,
line fifty-nine, to. strike out, after the word
"on,'' the words "quinia, ten," and to in-
sert in lieu thereof the words ".sulphate of
quinine, twenty-five;" so as to make the
clause read, "on sulphate of quinine, twenty-
five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to have some
reason given by the chairman of the commit-
tee for the modification proposed here.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can only say that the
present duty on the sulphate of quinine is
forty-five per cent, ad valorem; and it is now
represented to us that the best quality 'of qui-
nine in the world is manufactured in this
country, and that this is the lowest rate at
which the manufacture can possibly be main-
tained. A large amount of alcohol and other
matters are used in its composition, and
twenty-five per cent, is a very low rate of duty.
We reduce it nearly one half. That is all the
explanation there is about it. I suppose every-
body who takes quinine knows how good it is,
and how important it is to have it manufac-
tured in this country ; how necessary it is to
subsistence in some parts of the United Slates.
Therefore we put a reasonably low rate of duty
upon it.
Mr. PATTERSON. I should like to go
back to the previous sentence, which was
passed over without my noticing it, in the fifty-
sixth line, "argols or crude tartar, three cents
per pouud." I move to have that stricken
oufeand to substitute "Rochelle salts, cream of
tartar, and argols. five cents per pound."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote
of the Senate by which that amendment was
agreed to will be considered as reconsidered
if there be no objection, and the Senator from
New Hampshire moves to amend the amend-
ment in the way he has stated.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will state in a word
why I move this amendment. It is well under-
stood that tartaric acid and soda combined
enter into the manufacture of bread univer-
sally. The present duty on tartaric acid is
twenty per cent.; 011 Rochelle salts fifteen per
cent,; on argols three per cent. Now, the
change which is proposed by the committee
will reduce very much the cost of manufactur-
ing tartaric acid. When tartaric acid was high,
about ten years ago, Professor Hosford, of
Cambridge, invented a substitute for it, which
is now being manufactured very largely in
Rhode Island—phosphoric acid, which is much
better and more healthful in the production
of bread than the tartaricacid. This establish
went has had to compete with the establish-
ments of the country producing tartaric acid.
Very little has been made; and if the change
proposed by the committee is really adopted,
the probability is that this establishment iu
Rhode Island will go to the wall; it must
perish. This product which is now being manu-
factured there, which is very much superior
to tartaric acid, will have to be given up.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask for a
division 011 the motion of the Senator. I be-
l.eve the motion is to strike out line fifty-six
and to insert.1 I will state that somehow this
has got into the bill by an error. It ought not
to have been included in the bill. Argols and
crude tartar are now free and have been for
more than two years. So that I think if there
is any establishment in Rhode Island or any-
where else that is going to be ruined it would
have been ruined before this time.
Mr. PATTERSON. Rochelle salts enter
largely into the manufacture of tartaric acid,
and the duty on them is five per cent., and
you propose to make it three.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have no
objection, to your amendment as 1,0 Rochelle
salts, but I have to the other.
Mr. SHERMAN, The duty on Rochelle
salts is five cents a pound in the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In the line
below, line sixty-two.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment of the committee so as to read:
On Rochelle salts, cream of tartar, and argols, five
cents per pound.
Mr. SHERMAN. Argols is now free.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Isupposethe
question will be pot on striking out first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Striking out
and inserting is one proposition, and cannot be
divided.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator
from New Hampshire will withdrawhis amend-
ment, and then let us strike out the whole line,
and then he can move to insert what he pleases.
Mr. PATTERSON. Very well; do that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will, if the Senate desire, put the question
again on agreeing to the amendment of the
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ I have no objection to
rejecting it find let it stand as in the present
law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee,
.inserting as line fifty-six "argols or crude
tartar, three cents per pound."
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment in regard to
quinine.
Mr. SAWYER. This article, the sulphate
of quinine, is used so extensively, certainly in
many parts of the country, that it is almost as
necessary as bread. Indeed some people take
it-every day before they take any bread. It is
an article which is of so mudh consequence
that it seems to me it' ought not to bear any
duty at all; but as the House has placed it at
ten per cent., I hope the Senate will leave it
there.
Mr. ALCORN. Before we vote I desire to
make an inquiry of the chairman of the com-
mittee. On page 10, line fifty-nine, we have
the amendment of the Senate Committee on
Finance. On page 20 of the House bill I find
that quinine is on the free list.' I would ask the
chairman of the committee which of the two is
correct.
Mr. CONKLING. That is the House free
list which the committee have struck out.
Mr. ALCORN. But I understand that the
" ten " here stricken out is the House list.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no use saying
anything about that, because the House have
undoubtedly put quinine in at ten per cent,
and also pat it in free. That is one of the
mistakes they made in a hurry.
Mr. ALCORN. I did not understand it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The proposition of the
Committee on Finance is to make it twenty-
five per cent. The Committee on Finance
propose an entirely new free list, striking out
the whole House free list.
Mr. ALCORN. I had been informed, not
knowing the fact, for I have not looked at the
record, that the House first passed the bill
with the duty at ten per cent., and that subse-
quent to that time an amendment was adopted
placing quinine On the free list. Be that as it
may, however, I trust the Senate will not
agree to the amendment of the committee.
It has been argued here that we have in the
United States now establishments which are
producing the best article of quinine in the
world, and that the competition at home is
sufficient to reduce the price of the article, and
that we can get it by sustaining the tariff npon
it at as low a price at home as we can hope for
if we take the duty entirely off. The duty
upon quinine, it seems to me, has less reason
for being sustained than any duty contained in
the bill before us.. It is an article that is used
chiefly among the poorer classes. The labor-
ing classes, who are exposed to miasma on
account of the labor they perform in the field
and in the unhealthy regions of country, are
the'classes most subject to the chills and fever,
and these are the classes that use quinine. It
is upon the poor, then, the laboring class, that
you place this tax, and not only upon the
laboring classes, but absolutely upon the dis-
tressed, the sick, the afflicted of the land.
There is then, sir, not one particle of benefit
to the revenue of the country accruing from
this duty, for the tax is absolutely prohibitory.
In 1857 the tax upon quinine was placed at
fifteen per cent, if my recollection serves me
right. Subsequent to that it was increased to
twenty-five per cent., and finally, under the in-
fluence of the manufacturers in the United
States, it was advanced to forty-five per cent.,
and under the advance to forty-five per cent,
within the fast twelve months the amount of
revenue derived from quinine has been five
thousand six hundred and odd dollars. There
are three mammoth establishments intheUni-
ted States now that have amassed immeuse
fortunes. I am told, without knowing the fact
personally, that they have, in truth, paid larger
dividends than any other stock companies that
have been associated together. More than
two millions of quinine do they manufacture
annually. It costs the consumers some five
million dollars. The tax is a prohibition. In
1870 the revenue derived from the importation
of quinine was some ten thousand and odd dol-
lars, and in 1871 but five thousand six hun-
dred and odd dollars, and I am told that
within the last four months not an ounce of
quiuine has been imported into the country.
But it is said that if you take the duty off
you will destroy the manufacture in this coun-
try. I maintain that you can take off the duty
on quinine entirely and the manufacture will
be maintained in this country, and why? The
barks and materials from, which it is produced
are inported as cheaply into this country as
they are to France, and under the operations
of science in the laboratories in New York
and Philadelphia it can be produced as
cheaply in the United States as it can be any-
where. There is a little labor about it, to be
sure. But it is said in an article that I saw
the other day 011 the table that on account of
the tax upon alcohol it was more expensive to
produce quinine in this country than it was in
Europe. If I am correctly informed, we ex-
port alcohol from this country, and those who
produce quinine in France absolutely pur-
chase irom the United States the alcohol by
which they bring about the reduction.
The honorable Senatorfrom Ohio, the chair-
man of the committee, said awhile ago that
the manufacturers of boots and shoes here
could come in competition with all the world.
There is a manual labor, a physical labor to
be performed; and with all the materials
admitted free, if we can maintain ourselves in
the presence of the competition of Europe in
the manufacture of boots and shoes, I ask
how it is that with three of the most extensive
laboratories in the world, situated one in the
city of New York and two in Philadelphia, we
cannot maintain a competition in this manu-
facture with the world? The very fact that
foreign quinine is entirely excluded from this
country under the operations of the tariff that
we have now had since 18G7 shows very well
that it is too high. Under the operation of
the tariff at fifteen per cent, ten years ago
these establishments in New York and Phila-
delphia took their origin and maintained the
production of quinine to the exclusion of the
foreign product. To day, when they are fully
established, and when they are sufficient to
supply the wants of the country and can man-
ufacture sufficient for the wants of the whole
