336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers in
relation to the claim of William A. Read; and
the same were referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
On motion of Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with
drawal from the files of the House of the papers
in the ease of Aquilla Lockwond.
On motion of Mr. DICKEY, in behalf of
Z. C. Robbins, former register of wills of the
District of Columbia, by unanimous consent,
leave was granted for the withdrawal from the
files of the House of papers relating to his
claim for advances and extra services.
LEAVE OF AiidKSCB.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Haldemax until Friday next.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Young for five days.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled, bills
of the following titles ; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A bill (H. R. No. 774} to establish post
roads ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 777) to establish post
roads.
-MINTS, ASSAY OFFICES, ETC.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour com-
mences at fifteen minutes past twelve o'clock,
and the House resumes the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 5) revising the laws relative
to the mints, assay offices, and coinage of the
United States.
Mr. KELLEY. Before proceeding to the
discussion of the bill, I ask unanimous consent
to say a few words in the way of personal ex-
planation touching the bill. Yesterday, in
answer to the citegorical questions of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Potter,] I re-
plied that there was no increase of salary pro-
vided for in this bill. I was here without my
annotated copy of the bill, or ray notes and
papera, which I had taken to ray room for
study during the vacation. I should have
answered that question otherwise, yet essen-
tially in the same manner; that is to say,
that this bill provides a change of salaries, an
increase iu some instances, but, not an increase
of the general expenditure in the Mint ser-
vice—rather a reduction, absolute or hoped for.
Thus, the bill creates one new office, one of
the most responsible offices under the Gov-
ernment, in connection with the currency and
finances of the country; an office not requir-
ing merely clerical fitness, but great scientific
and mechanical experience and attainments ;
an office which in England is regarded as one
of the first and most important under the Gov-
ernment. The Secretary of the Treasury, in
recommending this bill, had recommended an
increase of $1,500 a year to the operative offi-
cers. who are also required tobe menofscience
and mechanical skill, such as the melter and
refiner, and the assayer, and some increase to
lb'; engraver, so that the Government engraver
might be paid as he could be in the private shops
of the country, for wages for that sort of labor
have materially advanced. The coin rniitee had !
not concurred in the recommendation of the J
Secretary of the Treasury as to SI.500, but i
had reduced it to §500. I remembered the re- j
duction, and thought it brought it down to the I
actual present salary. So, too, with reference ;
tothe superintendents of theMint. Their fuiic- |
tions are changed. I ask the chairman of the j
Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Garfield] !
to please notice this fact. I am speaking of i
the proposed salaries of the superintendents j
of the Mint. Their functions are materially j
changed. They are hereafter to perforin the i
duties hitherto performed by thetreasurers of
the Mint. _ They now become bonded officers,
and this billrequiresof themabond in the sum,
I think, of $500,000. And it was supposed that
for their increased duties, and especially for
their increased resDonsibilities, an additional
sum of $500 would not be too much in a bill,
the general drift of which is to reduce the
expense of the coinage and Mint system of
the country.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow me a question?
Mr. KELLEY. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Do I under-
stand the gentleman to say that the office of
Superintendent of the Mint now includes in it
the duties of treasurer of the Mint?
Mr. KELLEY. It will, should this bill
become a law.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let me ask the
gentleman this further question. I see that
the treasurer of the Mint at Philadelphia, who
I understand the gentleman to say is now a
bonded officer, gets a salary of $3,500 a year.
If this bill shall pass the Superintendent of
the Mint at Philadelphia, who will perform the
same duties the treasurer now performs, will
have $5,000 a year; that is an increase of
$1,500 a year for substantially the same duties.
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman will make
himself familiar with the facts, he will discover
that in each of three cities, to wit, New York,
Philadelphia, and New Orleans, there is one
officer holding two offices and receiving two sal-
aries ; the same individual is Assistant Treas-
urer of the United States and treasurer of the
Mint; and in the double capacity he receives a
salary higher than we propose to be given to
the Superintendent of the Mint, who is here-
after to perform the functions and duties of
the treasurer of the Mint as they now exist.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is there any
provision of law allowing those officers to draw
two salaries?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir; and the gentle-
man will find near the close of this bill—for I
want nothing but that every member shall un-
derstand it—a provision that the salaries now
paid to the treasurers of the Mint shall here-
after be paid to the Assistant Treasurers at New
York, Philadelphia, and New Orleans, and be
charged, as they properly are chargeable, to
the expenses of the Treasury, and not to the
Mint of the United States. If no provision be
made for the salaries of the Assistant Treas-
urers, no man will fill the office at any one of
those three places, for it will leave those offi-
cers with all the responsibilities of the Assist-
ant Treasurership, with a salary, at New York,
for instance, of, I think, two thousand or two
thousand five hundred dollars a year.
As I have said, in response to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] I have nothing to
conceal and nothing to urge about this bill.
It is a public bill, coming to Congress from one
of the Departments, (the Treasury,) and going
to the Committee on Coinage, Weights, and
Measures, through that transmission of the bill
to the House.
Mr. WOOD. At the close of the session on
yesterday, the gentleman from Massachusetts.
[Mr. Dawes,] addressingthe House, expressed
the wish that we should take this opportunity
to discuss and determine the question of the
salaries of Government officials. He appeared
to think that to raise the salaries as proposed
by this section of the bill would require an in
crease of salaries throughout the various De-
partments of the Government. Now. I think
that in cases of this kind, where very grave
responsibilities rest upon officials, the quest ion
of compensation is not of so much importance
as the question of integrity and of capacity. ]
do not believe that the people of this country
pomplain very much of the salaries paid to
their officials.
But 1 do believe that the public mind of the
country is at this time very much agitated as to
the personal fitness and qualifications of offi-
cial incumbents, and the integrity with which
their duties are discharged. 1 think it one of
the most encouraging signs of the times that
public attention is now ao decidedly called to
the manner in which oilicials of every grade
and character, from the highest in the Govern-
ment down to the most humble local magis-
tral, discharge their duties.
We have, sir, in the report submitted to this
House bv the President from the commission-
ers appointed by him to revise the civil f-er-
vice system of the country, this most astound-
ing declaration:
" It is calculated by those who have made a care-
ful study of all the facts, that one fourth of tin- rev-
enues ot the United States are annually lost iu the
collection."
We have collected for the last few years at
least $400,000,000 of revenue annually; and
we are told by the official representatives of
tho Administration that onefourth of this sum
has been stolen by the officials appointed to
collect it. This is the condition ot' affairs in
this country ; and while I do not believe that
official integrity or official dishonesty is con-
fined to either political party, or that either
party has a monopoly of honesty or dishonesty,
yet 1 do think it an auspicious circumstance
that at last the people of this country evince a
determination to hold the officers of the Gov-
ernment to a strict accountability as to the dis-
charge of their official duties ; and if the hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Dawes,] instead of bringing up a discussion
as to the regulation of official salaries, shall
direct his ability and influence in this House
toward effecting a substantial reform in the
civil service of the country, he will accomplish
good for which the people of the country will
thank him, and no part of the people more
than those embraced in the Democratic party.
We desire reform. We commenced re'orm
in our own case in the great city of New York.
The Democracy there effected a reform by
weeding out boldly all the corrupt elements
of'its own party gathered there in official life ;
and we call upon the Republican party to
commence a similar work with tiie Ad minis
tration here, which, by th6 statement of its own
officials, is even more corrupt than that, which
we have exposed and denounced and uprooted
in New York. I hope, therefore, that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, who occupies a
very responsible position here, to whom we
all listen with so much pleasure, and whom
we are all so ready to follow when he is will-
ing to act as leader, will devote the power of
his voice and influence to effecting noi only in
the legislative department of the Government,
but also in the executive department, a reform
such as we have effected in the city of New
York.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman fro m New
York [Mr. Wood] must excuse ine if I do not
turn aside from the purposes of this bill at this
moment to follow his suggestions, which 1 take
very kindly, assuring him that I will endeavor
to do what I can in that line, if I can have Lis
valuable assistance. lie alludes to what has
been done by his party in the city of New York. _
I inquire of him whether it is not the fact that
while we send our thieves to tho penitentiary
they send theirs to the Legislature? [Laugh-
ter.] I rose, however, to offer an amendment.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman would send
all his political friends who :j.re thieves to the
State prison, there are not State prisons
enough in the country to hold one hundredth
partofthem. [Laughter,]
Mr. DAWES. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the twelfth section.
The SPEAKER. A ssoon as the pending
amendment is disposed of the Chair will recog-
nize the gentleman. Debate is exhausted on
th^pending amendment, which will be read.
ihe Clerk read as follows:
In line twelve of section twelve, strike out4 '§5,500,"
and iihsert in lieu thereof "$4,500."
The amendment was agreed to; there being,
on a division, ayes seventy-nine, noes not
counted.
Mr. DAWES. I move to amend by striking
