284
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[At ril 21,
Ho. op Reps
The Tariff—Mr. Garrett.
4'2d Cong....2d Sess.
who handle if, until it reaches the consumer
at the average price of $1 60 instead of eighty
cents pei* pound, thus extracting from their
pockets over fifty million dollars in addi-
tion to the tax. Another word, and I shall
pass from this subject. I would like to inquire
upon what principle the Government discrim-
inates in this tax against its own citizens; why
the merchant in London, Paris, or Berlin can
buy tobacco free of a tax, while our own mer-
chant is burdened with this tax of sixteen and
thirty-two cents per pound? Is this what gen-
tlemen call "protecting home industry?"
Mr. Speaker, I shall now adduce some facts
relating to the other tax which I have pro-
posed to repeal, but shall cite only a single
example to prove my statements. Illinois,
with 2.539,891 inhabitants and $764,000,000
worth of property, pays a tax on spirits of
$10,068,828; while New York, with 4,382,759
inhabitants and property valued at $1,949,-
000,000, pays only $4,082,656. In New York
the tax paid is not one dollar for each person,
while in Illinois it exceeds four dollars to each
person. In the one case it is less than one
quarter of one per cent, upon the property of
the State, in the other it is one and one third
per cent. Illinois, with one sixteenth of the
population and one twentieth of the wealth
pays nearly one fourth of the entire revenue
collected from spirits.
I desire now to call your attention to the
unjust operations of the tax upon stills. No
distinction is made on account of capacity
or value. The still that produces its one
gallon of spirits per day, is taxed to the same
extent as the still that produces its one hun-
dred gallons per day. The man who invests
his one hundred thousand dollars in the man-
ufacture of whisk}' is taxed no more for the
privilege than he who invests but one thousand
dollnrs. Is this justice ? Is it not a discrim-
ination against the poor, and in favor of the
rich man? Is this in conformity with, oris it
not in direct violation of the Constitution of
the United States? Does it not drive the man
with small means out of the field of this branch
of manufacture and enterprise?
And then, sir, look with me at the manner
of collecting these various taxes, the iniquitous
espionage to which dealers are condemned both
day and night. The Spanish Inquisition was
never more of a terror to the. poor peasants
of the mountains of Europe, in what we deem
and speak of as the Dark Ages, than the
insulting petty revenue officials, puffed up by a
little brief authority, who are sent out among
these poor distillers to inspect their books,
their stills, and their private life, with author-
ity to collect the taxes, arrest and imprison
the citizen, and destroy and burn up his dis-
tillery, the little accumulated property, per-
haps, of a life-time of honest toil; and this
simply because he is unable to fully under-
stand and comply with the provisions of a law
as to the construction of which the ablest
jurists of the country disagree, or, which is
iuliy as likely, to purchase from the bantling
officers sent among them relief from the out-
rage and insult to which they are subjected by
paying out their hard-earned money. This in
itself is another discrimination forced by the
law against the poor in favor of the rich man
that, like the blood of Abel, cries up from the
ground in thunder tones, if not to Heaven, at
least to this House and this country for the
repeal of not only the laws that impose taxes
upon whisky and tobacco, but of our whole
internal revenue system.
'lhat I may not be accused of making parti-
san charges in regard to the unjust operations
of the internal revenue system and the frauds
committed upon the country by the agents of
the Government sent out to collect the taxes,
I propose to read an extract from a speech
delivered a short time ago upon the floor of
the Senate of the United States by the distin-
guished Senator from Mississippi, Mr. Alcorn,
as follows:
" I speak from my own knowledge when I say that,
in my judgment, not one tenth of the internal reve-
nue tax that has been collected in North Mississippi
since the close of the war—cotton tax and internal
revenue tax of oil kinds—has found its way into the
Treasury of the United States. To a people poor as
the people of Mississippi are—for they are poor in-
deed—it is a continual source of irritation, com-
plaint, and annoyance that they pay these large
taxes, and yet the Government is none the better
off for the payment.
"Why, sir, last year a man appointed internal
revenue collector for the northern district of Mis-
sissippi defaulted for all he collected. His bail was
not worth a cent; it was straw bail; and I believe,
at least I am told upon what I conceive to be good
authority, that a little while before he failed for all
of it he came here and got §6,000 of revenue stamps
and sold them, and that is all gone; and not a dol-
lar has gone into the Treasury. I do not see how
the Government can improve this until men of a
different character are sent there to hold office. Sir,
I would vote against the continuation of the inter-
nal revenue tax, income tax, and all, if that vote
involved an increase of customs duties of twenty-
five per cent. Yes, I would vote to double the
duties, so far as we are concerned, rather than con-
tinue this odious internal revenue tax, with a horde
of officers worse than Pharoah's locusts and all the
plagues of Egypt sitting upon the body of the peo-
ple, eating out their substance, draining their life's
blood, and all in the name of patriotism."
J shall not weary the patience of this House
with further examples of the unjust operations
of this system of taxation, believing those I
have already given, compiled as they are from
official reports, to be sufficient to attract the
I attention of this House and the country to the
| importance of taking some action which shall
; prescribe a more just and equitable mode of
assessing and collecting the revenues for the
support of the Government.
Mr. Speaker, I might go through all the
Departments of the Government and show
from the records that the same glaring injus-
tice, fraud, and corruption pervades every
department of the Government; all of which
is the legitimate fruits of Radical misrule,
which is like the vile fungus born of arbitrary
power, that accumulates and clings to the once
live and thrifty limbs and branches of the old
tree of liberty, whose broad eegis once sheltered
and protected all, until it has almost sapped
away its life, its vital force, and the limbs
have withered and nearly crumbled to their
fall, or resembles the deadly upas tree, that
poisons the whole surrounding atmosphere, so
that nothing within its influence can live and
thrive.
Now, Mr. Speaker, having, as I trust, shown
the necessity of repealing the obnoxious inter-
nal revenue laws, 1 desire to express my views
upon the financial policy of this Government,
as it is so nearly allied and connected with the
internal revenue system that I seek to abolish.
In times past, when the political party with
which I have the honor to cooperate had con-
trol of this Government, a high regard was en-
tertained for the Constitution of our fathers, a
Constitution inspired by wisdom and conceived
in a spirit of forbearance and good will by the
heroes and sages who survived the Revolution
that made of dependent colonies free States.
But, sir, in 1801 anew party came into power
and took charge of the old ship of State, under-
taking to run it under an entirely new chart,
throwing aside the old one by which it had
been successfully guided for over seventy years.
Under the old Constitution our country had
grown from a feeble beginning into a mighty
empire; the three million people who estab-
lished this Government had become thirty-six
millions; wealth and power had advanced pari
passu with population ; the sails of our ships
whitened every ocean ; the sun of every clime
welcomed the starsand stripes; our commerce
had penetrated to all the countries of the earth;
our flag was respected by all nations, and under
its folds everywhere the American citizen
was free and protected; but when this new
party came into power and proclaimed their
"higher-law" doctrine, declaring that it
was necessary " to legislate outside of the
Constitution," they struck down freedom at
home by enacting laws in derogation of the
rights and liberties of American citizens, and
sapped the very foundation of republican insti-
tutions. These laws have not only destroyed
liberty at home and erected a centralized des-
potism upon its ruins, but they have ruined our
commerce abroad, and left us dependent upon
other nations for all means of foreign trans-
portation ; they have imposed onerous bur-
dens of taxation, stolen our liberties, and
swept the American flag from the ocean, leav-
ing it as difficult to find an American vessel in
a foreign port as it would be to find a member
of the Radical party within the " pearly gates"
of Paradise, or the "golden streets" of the
New Jerusalem. Yes, sir,-this party of great
" moral ideas," by its incompetency and mis-
management, has accomplished all this in the
short space of twelve years. And how? If I
might be permitte4 in this presence to men-
tion the Constitution, once so venerated in
these Halls, I should say it was because the
letter and the spirit of that instrument had
been violated in the passage of laws that are
unequal and unjust, that favor some and
oppress others, that tax industry and exempt
wealth.
Sir, in a Government like ours, instituted by
the people, for the people, and under a written
compact or Constitution ; sealed as ours has
been by an expenditure of blood and treasure
unequaled in the history of the civilized world,
whose territory extends over so vast an area,
possessing so many diversified interests to be
fostered and encouraged ; the task of providing
laws equally just to all, it will be readily seen,
is one difficult in the extreme, if not altogether
impossible. Thelaw-maker, then, should seek
to evolve from all measures brought to his
consideration " the greatest good to the great-
est number," and to do this his mind should
be free from prejudices for or against any sec-
tion or industry. The wants and wishes of
the wealthy manufacturer, the merchant prince,
or the lordly banker, should weigh no more
with him, nay, not so much, as the wants and
wishes of the humblest citizen, who, obeying
the fiat of the great Ruler of the universe,
"in the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat
bread," gathers a harvest from the bosom of
mother earth, delves beneath her surface to
bring forth hidden riches, or in the workshop
fashions the productions of the one or the
other into articles of use or luxury; and unless
the legislator remembers and acts upon this
principle he is unfaithful to his trust and unfit
to represent a free people; he has violated the
theory of republican institutions as well as
his official oath.
Mr. Speaker, for twelve years, this country
has been under the exclusive rule of the Re-
publican party. During that time they have had
the entire control of every department of the
Government; and sir, it is with feelings that
language fails to express, that I must confess,
these twelve years of misrule have almost de-
monstrated that the republican form of gov-
ernment in this country is a failure. When I
look back to the glorious past, and remember
the three millions of sturdy Democrats who
defied the power of the mightiest empire the
world ever saw, and see them emerging vic-
torious from a conflict with that empire; when
I think of the great leader whose splendid
abilities and determined will led them through
that seven years of war and bloodshed, and
again when I see him, having laid aside the
sword of the warrior, as the Chief Magistrate
of the nation he had helped to create; when I
recollect the long line of illustrious men who
succeeded him; when 1 think over the marvel-
ous and unparalleled growth of this western
