1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2129
have a right to suppose, to vote for this extraor-
dinary kind of performance is the fact that
they are told in this act, it is promulgated to
them, that the Pennsylvania Railroad Com-
pany, a rich and powerful and energetic and
enterprising corporation, is to take hold of this,
and therefore their money will be in safe and
profitable hands—an entire delusion and false-
hood as it now appears, and I think it must
be so.
Mr. LEWIS. Will the Senator allow me a
moment? I will state that at that time the
Pennsylvania Central road had obtained a
charter from the Legislature of Virginia to
construct a road through Virginia, and it was
a part of that charter that they were to guar-
anty these bonds. That was a contract made
by the Pennsylvania Central road with the
State of Virginia, that they would guaranty
the bonds of this Piedmont road to a certain
extent. I understand that since then that char-
ter has been forfeited. Therefore, the Legis-
lature of the State of Virginia did not place
themselves in quite so ridiculous a position as
the Senator would show to the Senate by his
remarks.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very much obliged
to my friend. It appears, then, that the Penn-
sylvania Central railroad people have looked
into this question ; that they have been before
the Legislature of Virginia in respect to it;
that they at one time made a contract by which
they were authorized to extend their dominion
over this tract of country and over this rail-
road upon their guarantying its bonds; but
since they have looked into the subject, and, as
my honorable friend tells me, they have aban-
doned it. That is about as good evidence as
I want that the thing is moonshine.
The Pennsylvania Railroad Company is a
prosperous corporation. Wherever it puts its
money it puts it for the purpose of having the
business of the line pay the expense of build-
ing the line and pay the interest upon the capi-
tal invested. This thing being brought to the
attention of the Legislature of Virginia, very
glad to get the ci'.y of Washington to build her
railroad for her—I should do the same, very
likely, if I lived in Virginia—very glad to have
outsiders build her railroads instead of build-
ing them herself, gets the Pennsylvania Cen-
tral to take an interest in this matter, makes
a conditional contract; the Pennsylvania Cen-
tral looks into it, and finds it is entire moon-
shine to build a railroad over this line; that it
cannot keep itself in repair out of its traffic in
competition with the railroads that are sub-
stantially, though not mathematically, parallel,
and then throws it up.
Let us look a little further at this act of the
District of Columbia:
" Whereas it is credibly represented that the sum
of $600,000 or lesswill enable the said Piedmont and
Potomac Railroad Company to locate and {trade their
said roadso as to piepare it for its superstructure —
Now think of that! Here is a road from
sixty to seventy miles long, which does not
propose to follow the valley of the Potomac
to reach the upper waters of the Shenandoah,
where it is to terminate, but is to go across
the hills, get through the Blue Ridge in some
gap into the valley of the Shenandoah, is to
cross numberless water-courses, is to build
bridges, is to cut down mountains, and you
are to build sixty-five or seventy miles ot rail-
road, defray all the preliminary expenses of
location, of land damages, of grading, masonry,
everything ready for the final laying down ot
the rails, for the sum of §600,000! Why, Mr.
President, the man who has had any expe-
rience or observation in railroad building who
would assert that would be sent to the mad-
house in any State—I will say, with all respect,
north of Mason and Dixon's line.
Why, sir, even on the prairies of the great
West it cannot be done ; much less in a hilly
and mountainous country cut up by water-
courses and filled up with rocks. _ There is no
person who hears my voice at this moment in
42d Cons. 2d Sess.— No. 134. -
this Chamber who, I think, will not bear wit-
ness that I am substantially correct. And yet
the ignorant people of this District—for there
are some here it is said who are ignorant, who
have not- long been relieved from the trammels
of slavery, and who are not supposed to under-
stand quite so well as my friend from Virginia
the bearings and relations of things, and who
aie taught to respect authority and t,o believe
what their official Legislature tells them—are
told as a reason for voting for this grant, that
this sum, which is to be taken from their
pockets, will put the road to a point where it
will be an assured success ; and think of what
falsehoods; think of what misrepresentation :
think of what a delusion ! Half a million dol-
lars in round numbers is to locate this line,
which is yet in thin air, is to pay the land
damages, is to pay for fencing^ is to grade it
and put it in readiness to receive the super-
structure.
Why, Mr. President, itwillcostforlhisregion
of country over which it is said it is intended
to be put, and where it will have to be put if it
does not follow the lines of existing railroads,
(one the Manasses road going West and the
other up the Potomac,) I think I am safe in
saying eight times the sum that is named here
as sufficient for this purpose. I am told—and
I am quite sure the statement is correct, and
it accords with my own recollection—that the
actual average cost of railroads all over the
United States, including the hilly country and
including the prairies, i3 $44,000 a mile ; and
yet here you are to have sixty-six miles or
whatever it may be for $000,000.
Now, what is this District government to
do and what guarantee is it to get for doing
it? I am told this line when finished is to be
one hundred and forty miles instead of sixty
miles long, which is so much the worse.
Mr. COLE. Will the Senator allow me to
suggest that, this law if it passes will be a
pretty good basis for our issuing bonds on
which to get money from the unsophisticated
to build the road ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now look at the security.
The Governor is directed to subscribe in the
name of the District of Columbia to the capi-
tal stock of the Piedmont, and Potomac Hail-
road Company to an amount not exceeding
$000,000. Now see the safety.
"Provided, That before such subscription shall be
made, satisfactory evidence shall be furnished to the
Board of Public Works"—
Not to the Governor, the executive of the Dis-
trict, but to the Board of Public Works-—of
whom a great deal has lately been said of not
a precisely complimentary character, but
against whom I say nothing, for I think they
are in a very considerable sense unjustly
accused of doing things—but the Executive
of the District, who is commanded to sub-
scribe, is the mere puppet of the Board of
Public Works. He has no discretion, but he
must subscribe whenever the Board of Public
Works have satisfactory evidence—no security;
they are to pay on evidence, not on anything
more solid than that. They are to have some-
body's statements such as "this whole thing
has gone on so far that in all probability the
$600,000 will come to some good use" —
"satisfactory evidenec shall be furnished the
Board of Public Works that such subscription will
be adequate for the purpose of couiploting thegrad-
mgs of said road."
Which they say is perfectly plain already;
they have decided that question :
"And satisfactory guarantees shall be given to
said board that the amount so subscribed shall he
faithfully applied to said work; and that said work
will be completed within the time necessary to avail
of said guarantee of the Pennsylvania Central Rail-
road Company."
There it is fixed by a law that you cannot
change, as the terms on which these people
voted for this road ; and it is provided that this
subscription is to be so secured that the work
will be done in tune to avail itself of the guar-
antee that now they say does not exist; that
has gone out of existence; that never did exist;
and yet the people are to be forced to pay.
There is now nobody to guaranty; but if the .
Board of Public -Works are satisfied that the
road will be completed in time to avail itself
of the guarantee, the money must be paid. If
it is ever completed it will be completed in
time, of course, because there is not any guar-
antee, and you will be certainly in time to avail
yourselves of that guarantee if it is completed
within the next fifty years. And yet the people
of this District who have confided their rights
to this Legislative Assembly are hoodwinked
into voting for a road of this kind on these
misrepresentations which turn out to be entire
mistakes, and their money is to be taken and
spent provided the Board of Public Works shall
have a guarantee that it will be spent in season
to avail itself of that guarantee. As I suggested
before, if it is spent in a thousand years it will
be in ample season, because the guarantee never
will come.
But, Mr. President, I am occupying too
much of your time in exposing, as I might
still further, the extraordinary conduct of
this Legislative Assembly of the District of
Columbia, and the extraordinary misrepre'
sentations upon which the people of the Dis-
trict, as my friends from Massachusetts and
Nevada say tliey have done, were induced to
vote by a large majority for it. The people
had faith in the Legislative Assembly. They
believed that when this act was promulgated
to them it told the truth; that here was really
a solid corporation that had corporators and
stockholders; that it had capital slock; that
it had a line somewhere and had behind it a
great and powerful corporation that was to
take hold and help so as to make their invest?
ment secure, and not only secure as an invest-
ment, but to make the completion and opera-
tion of the road into this city secure. All that
turns out to have been ft mistake, a sheer
delusion.
Mr. President, I should hope that the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia, in view of the
facts which I have brougut to his attention,
would not press the passage of a bill of this
kind. Letmewarn him it will be ashes on his
lips for the darling project that he has in view
of getting a line fiom here to his county.
Mr. LEWIS. I will simply say a word in
regard to the charter that was granted by the
Legislature of Virginia to the Pennsylvania
road. That was to make a road from Fred-
ericksburg to Richmond parallel with the road
which now exists. They failed to make an
agreement with the road satisfactory to the
Pennsylvania company. One of the condi-
tions-precedent in that charter was that the
Pennsylvania Central Kailroad Company was
to guaranty the bonds of the Piedmont road
to a certain amount. But an arrangement
having been effected between the Fredericks-
burg road and the Pennsylvania Central, the
latter abandoned the charter, and therefore
that whole thing fell through, so that the
remarks of the Senator were not applicable at
all to the case.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose we
ought to treat all railroads that come to this
city with hospitality, but is it the custom of
thriving cities to build loads to them? Docs
Chicago? Does Indianapolis? They open
their doors, but. they do not go about building
railroads ; and whenever towns or cities have
undertaken the construction of roads it has
always resulted disastrously. Recent amend-
ments to the constitutions of several of the
western States, Illinois for instance, abso-
lutely forbid municipal subscriptions to rail-
road stock, and in my judgment it is one of
the most beneficent provisions of organic law
that has bean brought forward m modern
times.
But, Mr. President, I desire to say that it
is a meet and proper question as to the ability
of the city of Washington to undertake this
burden. It is meet and proper because we
have heretofore been compelled to step fur-
