1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
42d Cons....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Garrett.
Ho. of Reps.
empire; when I remember that from its feeble
beginning it had grown to be one of the might-
iest nations of the earth, honored and re-
spected at home and abroad ; when, looking
back, I see and remember all these things, I
glory in the name of an American citizen, and
1 glory in the name of Democracy, because it
was of and through Democrats that all the
waalth, all the power, all the happiness of the
American people was achieved—by Democrats
it was made a city of refuge for the oppressed
of every land as secure as the cities founded
by the great Jewish law-giver in Judea.
Here, beneath the shelter of the starry flag
that floats from yonder Dome, the downtrod-
den people of other lands could find peace
and protection, and onee having grasped the
horns of the altar ot' freedom erected by our
fathers, no sacrilegious hand dare molest or
make them afraid. Here was found freedom
without licentiousness, liberty controlled by
law, justice, free to all. But, sir, when leav-
ing the past with its glories and viewing the
present, when I look at my country as it now
is after twelve years of Radical supremacy, I
no longer gloryin the past, but tremble for the
future, because the grand temple of freedom
erected by our fathers is defaced, its portals,
its very sanctum sanctorum have been invaded
by thieves and money-changers, and I cry
aloud, "Alas, how are the mighty fallen 1" and
hope for some new law-givers to drive forth
the scoundrels with a whip of scorpions.
Sir, it is not war, it is not the fact that we
were four years engaged in bloody and fratri-
cidal strife (though that too is chargeable to
the Republican party) that has made this
change. No, sir, it is not this ; but it is the
grasping dishonesty, the mean partisan hate,
inspired by envy and fed by fanaticism, of the
party in power that has led to these results
and made good and true men almost despair
of the future.
Mr. Speaker, when I attempt to speak of
Radicalism, that bastard begotten of envy
upon fanaticism, and more foul in person and
purpose than they whom Satan found guard-
ing the gates of hell, I find no language that
so well describes it as Milton's:
" The one seemed woman to the waist, and fair,
But ended lou! in many ascaly fold,
Voluminous and vast, a serpent armed
With mortal stings: about her middle round
A cry of hell-hounds never ceasing bark'd
With wide Cerberian mouths, tuii. loud, and rung
A hideous peal." * * * * * *
" The other shape.
If shape it might be called, that shape had none
Distinguishable in member, joint, orlimb,
Or substance mi^ht be cail'd that shadow seem'd,
For each seem'd either; black it stood as night,
Fierce as ten luries, terrible as hell,
And shook a dreadful dart."
Sir, look at the legitimate and boasted fruits
of Radicalism, the reconstructed States of the
South ; see the once sovereign States of this
Union shorn of their just powers and bound
hand and foot in the toils of the " thieving
carpet-bagger j" see citizens lobbed and mur-
dered by this scum who floated thither on the
tide of war and were legislated into power by
that party. Go into the ruined homes of the
South, rendered desolate by war ; go see the
widowed mother weeping over her lost hus-
band, the orphaned child crying in vain for its
absent father, the lone maiden waiting in tears
for the return of her lover; go see these homes
as they once were, and then see them as they
are to day, made more desolate and dreary by
the thieving carpet-baggers and their allies, the
brutal negroes. See the delicate wife, reared
in affluence, driven forth from the home ren-
dered dear by past associations, because the
taxes imposed by these infamous scoundrels,
begotten and placed in power by Radicalism,
cannot be paid. Sir, I assert here in_ my
place as a member of this House, that since
the reconstruction measures were inaugurated,
more land has been sold and forfeited for taxes
in the southern States than would make an
area equal to three such States as Massachu-
setts, and while this is the case, I find that,
with only $1,810,000,000 worth of property in
the States which had in 18d0, $3,970,000,000,
the State debts have been increased from
$83,000,000 to $348,000,000, and the cities
and counties have been made virtually bank-
rupt; at the same time the amount collected
in taxes is more than six times larger now than
it was in I860, and the expenses of the State
governments are from five to ten times greater
than they then were.
Now, sir, what benefits have the people to
show for this increased taxation? Where are
the great internal improvements, the increased
facilities for commerce or for education that
should result from this expenditure? Nowhere
but upon paper projects, which these protty6s
of the Government have inaugurated, and the
funds for carrying which into' execution they
have wrung from an impoverished people and
stolen.
But,, sir, to pnss from the States to the Gen-
eral Government will disclose the same condi-
tion of affairs. Formerly for an official to be a
defaulter was the exception, now it is the rule,
and the officer (if one can be found) who hon-
estly discharges his duty without committing
some peculation upon the Government, would
be considered by his party a fool; robbery of
the public funds is reduced to one of ihe fine
arts, and more money is now stolen annually
by Radical oliicials than was necessary to
carry on the Government under Democratic
rule ; the heaviest expenditure ever made in
one year by a Democratic Administration was
$85,000,000, while the expenses of the pres-
ent administration for the last fiscal year were
$424,000,000, besides whatever amount may
have accrued by the sale of Government prop-
erty unaccounted for. Mr. Buchanan, the last
of the Democratic Presidents, expended during
his entire term of four years $328,000,000;
General Grant, the present Radical President,
has spent in two years, $1,127,000,000.
It is a very common practice for American
speakers and writers to institute comparisons
between our country and others, and T shall
follow the example and see how the ex-
penditures of the two great English-speaking
nations compare, taking my figures from the
budget of the English chancellor of the
exchequer and the reports of the American
Secretaries for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1871.
The American Navy at that time consisted
of forty six iron-clads, ninety-seven steamers,
and thirty-two sailing vessels, a total of one
hundred and seventy-five vessels, of' which
number the Secretary of tho Navy says,
" forty-three are effective for immediate ser-
vice." To man this fleet we have twenty-three
hundred and fifty officers and eighty-five hun-
dred men and boys, and its expenses for one
year are $28,205,071. Now, sir, compare this
with the English navy, which consists of four
hundred aiidninety-two ships, among them fifty-
four splendid armor-plated, turreted, sea-going
vessels ; it has two hundred and thirteen ships
in commission, which are manned by thirty-
three hundred and sixty-six officers and fifry-
five thousand four hundred and thirty men
and boys. Observe the difference in the ratio
of officers and men shown by these figures, in
the American Navy, we have two officers to
every seven men ; in the British navy there
are but two officers to every thirty-three men.
The cost of the English navy for 1871 was
$49,275,545 of our currency. Mark the dif-
ference ; just five times the number of vessels
m commission, nearly seven times the number
of men employed, two of the finest armor-
plated vessels now afloat built, and less than
twice our expenditures.
The British army consists of 0,585 com-
missioned officers, 12,267 non-commissioned
officers and 96,185 private soldiers, a total
of 115,037 men. This army ia stationed in t.he'
East Indies, Australia, British North America,
Bermuda, South Africa, China, West Africa,
West Indies, St. Helena, Mauritius, Ceylon,
Gibraltar, Straits settlements, and Malta; and
including military education, surveying, repair-
ing, and building fortifications; its expenses
were $60,000,000 of our currency.
The American Army consisting of 87,000
men, none of whom had to be transported to
distant countries, cost $35,000,000, exclusive
of any expenditures tor education, or the con-
struction of defenses. Taking our ratio of ex-
penditure per man, the British army would have
cost $110,000,000 and its navy $180,000,000.
But, sir, let us go a little further in this com-
parison and see the total expenditures of the
two Governments. We have forty million peo-
ple living on contiguous territoiy, at peace with
all mankind (except the Ku l£lux?) and the
expenditures of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1871, exclusive of the
interest on the public debt and any reductions
made of it, were $158,000,000, or $3 95 for
each inhabitant.
It has been said of the British empire that
''the sun never sets upon its possessions;"
that " the reveille beat by its drums greets the
rising sun in every longitude." It has two hun-
dred and forty-five million inhabitants, and its
expenditures for all causes except interest on
the public debt, including all the private sec-
retaries or gold sticks in waiting on the Queen,
for the year 1871, were $240,000,000, m our
currency, less than one dollar for each inhab-
itant. Why, sir, if our extravagant and waste-
ful Government were inaugurated in Great
Britain, and Radicals placed in power, the an-
nual expenditures of that empire would be
$950,000,000.
But, sir, I would not base my charges against
Radicalism upon the mere question of money,
or expenditures for the support of the Govern-
ment. There are other and higher considera-
tions which should actuate all men, all honest
men, to oppose this monstrosity. Graver
charges than wastefulness of the public funds
and robbery of the people can and have been
proven upon this parly. It has been shown,
and I now charge them with the deliberate
purpose of destroying the liberties of the
American people—nay, that they have already
robbed States and peopfe of the rights guaran-
tied to them—of the rights which their fathers
purchased with their blood. I charge, and it
is proven, that they have reduced thousands,
ay millions of free-born American citizens to
a condition of serfdom unparalleled in history;
that the haughtiest and most powerful autocrat
of the Old World dare not inaugurate such a
system of tyranny, oppression, and robbery as
this Republican party has extended over the
States lately ia rebellion. One monarch of'
England lost his head and another his crown
for doing that which President Grant author-
ized, or what he claimed was authorized "by a
Republican Congress to be done in the south-
ern States. Nowhere in modern history, ex-
cept, perhaps, in the acts of the South Ameri-
can tiger, Lopez, can anything approaching
the usurpations of the preseut Administrator!
be found. A committee of this Congress,
commenting upon its acts, uses the following
language :
" We believe the Prcsidenthas suspended this Kreat
writof the people, this bulwark of persona! liuerty,
for other than the high purposes which should actu-
ate the person clothed with tho transcendent powers
of his o'lice. We believe, we might almost say we
know, that nothing has transpired in South Carolina
since th'3 passage of the Ku Klux law which can be
the slightest justification of the President in sus-
pending the writ in the absence of war and the
clash ot arms, spreading tenor and dioma.v among
whole masses of people guiltless of crime, the
public press, as well as our own private information,
testify to the fact that the; e has been no more
