1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1283
authority in selling arms that, being fit for
service, ought not to have been sold. The
duty of discriminating as to what arms came
within the rule of the statute devolved upon
him, and necessarily included the cxercise of
a discretion. He was authorized to sell arms
that were "damaged or otherwise unsuitable
for the United States military service." Stat-
utes will not execute themselves ; they require
human instrumentalities to carry them into
effect; and it was for the Secretary of War,
or in practice the officers of ordnance, to
determine what arms were for any reason
unsuitable for our military service. They are
liable to err, and we are just as liable to be
mistaken in the judgment we may pass upon
their action.
I very respectfully submit to the honorable
Senator from Missouri that it is unfair to pass
judgment upon a letter from a high officer of
the Army when we are to base our opinions
upon a retranslation from a foreign language
of a letter written originally in English. It
may well be that in this double translation the
sense may have been altered, as certainly the
language could scarcely be expected to be lit-
erally restored. But accepting it as he reads
it, what does the language of General Dyer's
letter to the Secretary of War mean? Bear
in mind that the context implies that he was
writing to inform the Secretary whether the
arms were worthless or fit for use, and his
statement is that the arms were "good for
service," "fit to be issued to our troops."
Does it therefore follow that the Secretary
of War had no authority to permit them to be
sold under the statute directing him to sell
arms which are damaged or otherwise unsuit-
able for the United States military service?
Note this language, the Secretary of War is
" directed" to sell; about this there is no dis-
cretion. He must sell; and sell what? First,
damaged arms, and secondly, arms which,
though not damaged, were unsuited for the mili-
tary service of the United States ; how was this
unsuitableness to be determined ? Necessarily
by the discretionary judgment of his officers of
ordnance. Some standard of excellence must
first be established as that proper for our mili-
tary service, and then it was for the officer in
charge to determine what artas came up to and
what fell short of this standard. The latter
would be arms unsuitable by the terms of the
statute.
The United States then owned vast quan-
tities of arms, which, though fit for use—for
they had been used through more or less of our
war of the rebellion—still might be unsuitable
for present purposes. They might be fit for
use under a pressing emergency, such as had
once come upon us, and was then crushing
Prance to the earth, but, nevertheless, they
might be, within the meaning of the statute,
unsuitable for the military service of the Uni-
ted States.
With arsenals now filled with superior arms,
and with workshops engaged in turning out new
ones in quantity, meeting all the requirements
of present and prospective wants, is it to be
charged against these officers that they fixed a
high srandard of excellence, and retained only
weapons that we would be willing to take into
our hands should the dread exigencies of war
again fall upon our country ?
Mr. President, it would scarcely comport
with the dignity of the United States Senate
to Send out a committee of men—less quali-
fied, possibly, to judge of the matter than
General Dyer—to examine into this subject,
and come back here to tell us that General
Dyer, in their opinion, included in his sales
some arms which were suitable for our mili-
tary service. The question would naturally
arise in one's mind, " Well, what of it?" The
gravamen of this charge must be that there
was a guilty violation of an imposed duty, not
merely an error of judgment honestly exer-
cised. If there be suspicion in the mind of
any that such guilty intent existed, by all
42r> Goto. 2d Sess.—No. 78.
means let the investigation be thorough, but
let us not prejudge the question. It will be
due time to form our opinion when we know
the facts and what is the explanation.
At present all discussion is premature, and
I have been led into it only because of the
prominence given to this point By the honor-
able Senator from Missouri, and it is, I believe,
the only one he makes under his second inquiry,
whether in these proceedings our own laws
have been violated ? I reply to him that he
has presented no satisfactory evidence that they
have, but that if he wants the question investi-
gated he shall have my support. And when
the testimony is adduced he may expect a fair
hearing before the Senate if he has anything
to propose, though I venture the prediction
that the matter will never be heard of again
after the committee has reported.
Entertaining these views, Mr. President,
upon the question of our international obli-
gations, I have come to the conclusion, after
more mature deliberation, not to vote for the
resolution embodying the amendment of the
honorable Senator from New York, and I
have consequently not embraced his amend-
ment in the substitute that I have offered.
But I recur again to what I consider the
legitimate and expedient sphere of investi-
gation of the sale of arms by the Senate.
Under the statute, arms are permitted to be
sold under certain circumstances. We know
that arms have been sold. Wherein does it
concern us to inquire, for our own satisfaction,
to whom those arms were sold ? That ques-
tion should be answered when it is propounded
by others who may at some future time claim
to have been aggrieved. What does concern
us is to know, first, whether the sums realized
from such sales have duly and regularly found
their way to their legitimate depository, the
Treasury ofthe United States; second, whether
the letter or even the spirit of the statute au-
thorizing their sale has been violated. Thus
much, and no more, seems to me at present to
be our duty, and our whole duty.
Mr. President, the Senator from New Jersey
said yesterday that it was no part of the duty
of the American Senate to be making up a
case against its own country; that it is un-
patriotic. That sentiment entirely corre-
sponds with my own idea, and I shall cliug to
the sheet-anchor of patriotism where the honor
of my country is involved. For no motive
whatsoever, neither for any purpose, good or
bad, nor yielding to any popular clamor or
dread of misconstruction, will I aid in striking
a blow against the country to which all my
allegiance and service is due.
And now I ask the Senate's pardon for
detaining them a few moments longer, but I
cannot close without expressing my profound
regret that it should be apprehended that the
integrity of the Republican party is liable to
be endangered by these discussions. Regard-
ing, as I do, as a necessity the continuance of
that party in power long enough to make the
loyal men of the South safe, not only in their
personal rights, but in their political privi-
leges, I shall regard its disruption and defeat as
among the most serious of possible calamities,
for I shall read in it the probable loss of much
of that liberty which it has cost so great sacri-
fice to attain, and the certain renewal of those
fierce contentions which we have had to en-
dure, and from which we were only delivered
by the strong arm of a friendly Federal power.
Gentlemen may listen with credulous satis-
faction to the soft wooing of the Democratic
siren, but I cannot share their confidence. I
cannot forget the terrible lessons of the past,
nor give my trust to that party to which this
country owes the direful woes with which it
has been afflicted. I cannot trust their prom-
ises. The conversion has been too sudden. Tt
is not yet four years since, in my own native
State, Union men were threatened, and not
idly, but with such deadly intent that none of
us could say that our lives were safe for an
hour. There are men now representing Lou-
isiana in this Congress who did not dare to
sleep two consecutive nights in the same house.
Our voters dared not for thoir lives go to
the polls to cast their ballots for the men of
their choice. Am I to believe that these per-
secutors are suddenly turned into lambs? Nor
will I permit myself to be lulled into any ill-
timed security by the hope that a few men,
heretofore Republicans, can by joining this
lawless Democracy control its fierce elements.
The South still rings with the shrieks of victims
of barbarous Ku Klux outrages, telling us that
the Democracy of the South are still the same.
That party have held supreme sway in New
York. Have recent disclosures strengthened
our hopes that the northern Democracy have
improved since the day when an outraged
people hurled them from national supremacy?
"What reason have these reform Republicans
to hope that the virtue of the Democracy of
to-day is anything more than that enforced
propriety which comes of lack of opportunity
to sin ? Where opportunity has existed, have
they proved superior to the temptations that
have caused some Republicans to fall into
error ?
The most that can be said in favor of the
Missouri resolutions is that they are not in-
consistent with Republican principles. If not,
why go out of the Republican party to adopt
our principles, upon a mere profession of a
new faith by those whose lives have been spent
in making war upon us? There maybe things
proper for complaint in the transactions of our
party, but—
" Bather bear those ills we have,
Than fly to others that we know not of."
If our personal preferences among men are
overborne by the will of the majority, why may
we not acquiesce, as we would expect others
to acquiesce, if the majority should be with us?
While I have my own personal preferences,
still, this man or that is of the things of to-
day, while the continuance of the supremacy
in the national councils of that party which
saved our country from division, which swept
away the foul blot of slavery and consecrated
our wide-domain, in fact as in name, to free-
dom, and which by its strong hand has sus-
tained and encouraged the weak until they are
becoming strong, is a matter of all the future.
When the great work of the Republican party
has been finally completed, and in this broad
land no force is found formidable enough to
threaten the perpetuity of the order of things
thus established, then, and not until then, can
patriotic men heretofore identified with it turn
their backs upon that party and seek in new
interests and affiliations to secure that identity
of sympathy in minor matters which a sense
of duty should now constrain them to sacrifice
to higher considerations.
Mr. SCHURZ addressed the Senate in
remarks which will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
pardon a few words. Perhaps it would be as
well should I say nothing, for I assume that
this debate will come to an end sometime,
unless we all continue to claim the last word.
I must, however, correct some of the misrep-
resentations that have been made of my posi-
tion by the Senator from Missouri, of course
unintentionally.
Yesterday I said I had listened to the read-
ing of portions of the speech which that Sena-
tor made to his friends at Chicago, and that I
could see the common bond of union existing
between him and his auditors,  tid that it was,
as he said, their fatherland. That feeling 1
commended, and said it proved that of which
I was before satisfied, that no true man ever
forgot the land of his nativity. But the Sena-
tor this morning considers it necessary to con-
vince me that the Germans are none the worst
for loving their country. That, sir, is what
in my remarks I made the subject of my com-
mendation. The effect, however, of the Sen-
