286
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April
Ho. op Reps.
John Emilio Houard—Mr. Blyers.
42d Cong 2d Sess.
trouble or disorder in South Carolina for the last
nine months than is common to any other State in
the Union.
"In the absence of the facts or statements and
representations, which are not tactsfounded in truth,
communicated to the President, whether truthfully
or falsely, prior to tbo issuing of his proclamation,
we unhesitatingly assert that for nine months prior
to said proclamation, and at least three months pre-
vious to the passage of what is kuowu as the Ku
Kiux law, there was more peace and good order
throughout the entire borders of South Carolina
than had been at any time since the termination of
the war. Now, if this is the fact, then the action of
the President was nut only unwise and impolitic,
but it was a naked and most unjustifiable act of
tyranny and oppression, at war with the spirit of
free institutions, and a precedent which, by repeated
use, will not only sap the foundations of the Govern-
ment, but' can almost change the stamp of nature.'"
But, sir, as this is Democratic testimony, I
propose to give you some that comes from the
leaders and founders of the Republican party,
from men who stand aghast at what they
have done, and are calling on the people to
assist them in allaying the storm they have
raised. Judge Trumbull, of Illinois, said on
the 12th instant at a meeting held at Cooper
Institute, in New York city:
"The safety of the citizen, let me say to you,
and his protection m his person. and his property,
is to be found m local laws which the people them-
selves administer, [applause,] and not in a central
government where all the powers of the govern-
ment are combined; and if this system of encroach-
ment is permitted to go on, the day is not dis-
tant when cur republican system, based on the
idea of a division of the power between the Fed-
eral Government and the States, wili be trans-
formed into one imperial despotism, with all the
power at the city of Washington; and I care
not whether that power be exercised by a single
person called a monarch, or by five hundred per-
sons, called a Congress, it is equally a despotism.
[Applause.] Tne doctrine is now boldly proclaimed
by men high m authority that the States of this
Union have such powers only as are conferred upon
them by the Constitution of the United States,
when directly the reverse is true, and the Slates
have all power except such as the Constitution of
the United States has conferred upon the United
States or has withheld from the States. The differ-
ence is this: the Government of the United States
is a Government of derivative powers; that of the
States is inherent. They have all power not denied
them, while the Government of the United States
has no power except such as is given to it."
And General Schurz, a gentleman who has
distinguished himself, not only here, but in
his native land, by his advocacy of republican
principles, denounces the Administration in
the following language:
41 It was our pride as .Republicans once to say that
in no party there had ever existed such a freedom
of criticism ana individual opinion. So it was when
Abraham Lincoln was President. Every Kepub-
lican spoke his mind fcecly, and found in him a
President who, instead of resenting, invited candid
criticism, and who respected every honest convic-
tion, even if that conviction ran counter to his
personal desires. But things have changed. If now
you ever conceive an opinion contrary to the inter-
ests and controlling desiies of the powers that be,
b« carcful not to give it utterance. The good times
of Abraham Lincoln are no more. A loyal Repub-
lican to-day will think and speak only by royal per-
mission, or he will, in his mo3t legitimate aspira-
tions, iind a most resentful Government influence in
his way; he will find himself denounced as a traitor
to the Republican cause if he thinks that cause enti-
tled to higher consideration than the personal inter-
ests of the party chiefs, and he will hear a pack of
hounds at his heels whose bark would be terrible
could they conceal the collars they wear around
their fiecks. Never was a bolder, a more unrepuh-
lican attempt to terrorize and subjugate to one will
the freedom of opinion in a party, and to press its
whole machinery into the service of a selfish
interest."
While Horace Greeley, the great advocate
and founder of the party, is unsparing in his
denunciations of its corruptions, venality, and
oppression.
Sir, examine it in all its acts and what do
you find? Pass from its home to its foreign
policy, if policy that can be called which con-
sists of truckling, bullying, and evasion, as the
Administration is guided by its fears, power,
or desires. I will not allude to the attempted
San Domingo swindle; that has been suffi-
ciently exposed, but call your attention to the
Washington treaty, which has been claimed
as the crowning glory of the Administration,
as a leat of diplomacy that would render it
immortal, and whose effects are to be felt in
all time; look, I say, at this treaty, a miserable
failure which complicates our position with
England, and leaves us further from the at-
tainment of the objects it was intended to se-
cure than we were before its inception.
Upon our southern coast lies u the gem of
the Antilles," the beautiful island of Cuba, the
most fertile and pleasant, the most valuable
and richest of alt " the islands of the sea;"
for long years its people have been struggling
to free themselves from a despotism almost as
odious as that under which some of the south-
ern States are held; all they have asked from
this Government to enable them to secure the
blessings of liberty was a recognition of their
efforts, and this has been denied them; to
obtain this recognition this poor island de-
creed the abolition of slavery in every form,
and yet this boasted Republican party, this
Republican Administration, whose chief boast
is that it emancipated the slaves here, turns
to them a deaf ear; and instead of aiding,
even by a word, these men who are struggling
to free themselves and to bestow the great
boon of freedom upon millions now held in
slavery, this boasted Republican Government,
ruled as it is by men calling themselves " the
friends of freedom," has used all its power to
continue these men in the most odious bond-
age, truckling to the most despotic Power in
Europe, and indirectly, if not directly, aiding
it in committing the vilest atrocities, not only
upon its own, but upon citizens of the United
States.
Upon our southern border, extending from
the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean sea
upon the east, to the Pacific ocean on the west,
from our boundary on the north to the equator
on the south, lies the republic of Mexico. It
contains millions of square miles of the richest
agricultural lands upon the earth ; its produc-
tions comprise sugar, coffee, cotton, rice, in-
digo, tobacco and all the most valuable of
earth's rich gifts to man ; its mineral wealth is
unsurpassed and unsurpassable, yet it stands
almost a barren waste, producing nothing, a
monument of misgovernment, when it could
be made to add so much to the wealth of the
world and the happiness of mankind. Plunged
in a chronic state of revolution, its fields
without cultivation, its mines abandoned, its
people preying upon each other, without a
history in the past or a hope for the future,
this Government refuses to interfere in its
affairs, or to permit the inteiference of other
nations, and thus this garden spot of nature,
drenched in human blood, sinks into a barren
waste, a mere grave-yard of irs people.
Sir, under an American protectorate Mexico,
instead of being a blot upon civilization, would
become the garden spot of the world. liail-
roadsand telegraphs would span it from ocean
to ocean, its fertile fields and rich mines Would
send forth millions of wealth, civilization and
industry would people its valleys and plains,
and when manifest destiny decreed its annex-
ation to the Unired States, it would constitute
one of the brightest stars in the American
constellation.
John Emilio Houard.
SPEECH OF HON. LEONARD MYERS,
of pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives,
April 25, 1872.
The House having under consideration the pre-
amble and resolution reported from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs in relation to the imprisonment
of Dr. John Dmiiio Houard by the Spanish Govern-
ment—
Mr. L. MYERS said:
Mr. Speaks: The evidence before the
House in this case is not only ample to justify
the Committee on Foreign Affairs in the res-
olution it has presented, but to justify the
House in a unanimous vote in favor of that
resolution. I have just received an affidavit,
which I ask the Clerk to read before I proceed,
and which cumulative, it is true, will never-
theless, 1 hope, aid to convince those who have
expressed doubts whether Dr. Houard is an
American citizen.
The Clerk read as follows:
City* County, and Statj; of New York, sa.:
J. Marie Capote being duly sworn, deposes and
says that ho is a resident of the United States, doing
business at 1163 Broadway, {Coleman House,) New
York city ; was born in Ctenluegos, Cuba; knew Dr.
J. E. Houard over eleven year*. He wa« my physi-
cian and my father's family physician. He was re-
corded as an American, and was styled "the Ameri-
can homeopathic doctor " from Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, and invariably on all American holidays
he hoisted the American stars and stripes—the Amer-
ican flag—over his house and office in calie (street)
Garcel, No. 18.
J. M. CAPOTE.
Sworn and subscribed before me, this 22d day of
April, A. D. 1872.
A. B. IIINE,
Notary Public New York city and county.
Mr. L. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, Dr. J. E.
Houard, an American by birth, educated in
our schools, whose youth and early manhood
were filled with the inspirations ot American
liberty, is a convict in irons on the coast of
Spain Detained for one year in prison with-
out trial, condemned by the mockery of a
military court in the island of Cuba, without
counsel skilled in the law to defend him, with-
out a copy of the charges pre!erred against him,
he has been torn from his home to labor in
chains for eight long years, which would prob-
ably be to the end of his life, and his property
confiscated ! Is there no remedy for this great
wrong? I answer, yes. The remedy is in the
treaty of 1795 between the United States and
Spain, the seventh article of which provides
that the subjects or citizens of either country
shall be tried according to the regular course
of proceedings usual in such cases ; that they *
shall be allowed such advocates, notaries,
agents, and factors as they may judge proper
in trials at law, and in all their affairs.
What has been done by this Government
toward effecting the release of Dr. Houard?
My colleague on the Committee on Foreign
Affairs from New York [Mr. Wood] states that
our Government has not done its whole duty
in the case. I disagree with him. The Pres-
ident of the United States, by his Secretary of
State, requested the release of Dr. Houard,
asked for a copy of the chaiges preferred
against him, and denounced the proceedings
under which he was tried and condemned
as extraordinary and unwarranted. To this
righteous appeal a deaf ear has been turned j
no copy of the charges or proof has been sent
to us; only an assertion, with nothing in sup-
port of it, that Dr. Houaid is a citizen of Spain ;
and an utter disregard of treaty stipulations and
obligations. The Administration has done its
duly, and now, when the President, has com-
municated the facts in the case to us, and we
come here to strengihen the hands of the Ad-
ministration and ask only our rights, we are
met on this floor by gentlemen with the novel
doctrine that Dr. Houard by his long resi-
dence in Cubahas lost his citizenship; and with-
out forswearing allegiance to the United States,
but, on the contrary, while doing every act to
claim and ietain it, he has, without his knowl-
edge or consent, become a citizen of Spain,
outside the pale of our treaty, and innocent
though he may be, he must meet the doom of
a felon while the Government of the United
States looks on, powerless to aid him.
Neither the facts nor the law justify thisextra-
ordinaiy position.
Mr. Speaker, I agree with the gentleman
who last spoke that we have crystallized, so
to speak, into the American law the doctrine
