338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
before me the mint laws as they have been com-
piled up to 1867, and all the changes up to this
time, and I find that the superintendents of the
branch mints have $2,000 a year, and the other
officers' salaries at a lower grade.
Mr. KELLEY. What branch mint?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. At the branch
mint at New Orleans the superintendent had
$2,600, and the treasurer $2,000.
Mr. KELLEY. Twenty-five hundred dol-
lars for the superintendent and $2,000 for the
treasurer, the offices being held by the same
person, which made $4,500.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The law does
not say so. The law says nothing about one
person holding the two offices. I find that
the superintendent of the mint at Dahlonega
has but $2,000 a year.
Mr. KELLEY. That office has been abol-
ished.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I know that;
but I am speaking of what was the order
under this law. The assayer and the coiner
at Dahlonega had each $1,500 a year. I find
that on the Pacific coast, at the mint of San
Francisco, of which the gentleman speaks,
higher salaries were paid, but we know that
generally on the Pacific coast we have had to
have higher salaries on account of the pecu-
liar situation of that people; but the occasion
for that has nearly passed now, and there is
no such necessity for larger salaries there
than elsewhere. Now, for one, I do not pro-
pose to take the high figures paid at San Fran-
cisco as a gauge of salary for all the officers
of mints, as this bill now seems to do.
It seems to me, with all due respect to the
committee, that they have not well considered
this section, and I hope the gentleman will
consent that the bill shall be recommitted, and
that this section relating to salaries shall be
thoroughly gone over. I do not wish to slash
into the bill and mutilate it, as it should be
harmonious in all its parts, but I do not believe
that it can be perfected here in open House by
amending one salary and then another, and then
another, according to the caprice of the House,
without full knowledge. It. however, we are
going on with the discussion of the bill, I shall
of course insist on my amendment cutting
down the salary now under debate.
Mr. KELLEY. I shall not object ultimately
to the recommitment of this bill. I shall en-
deavor, however, to persuade gentlemen in
the interim to examine the bill and look into
the facts of the case. The gentleman from
Ohio has illustrated how little the most indus-
trious and capable members of the House un-
derstand about the facts in question. He tells
you that he makes allowance for the expenses
m San Francisco. The Assistant Treasurer at
ban Francisco receives $6,000, $4,500 of
which he receives as treasurer of the mint:
and yet when it is proposed to add all his
duties to those of the superintendent of the
mint the gentleman from Ohio says the salary
for both offices should be less by $1,000 than
has been paid for the one. In Philadelphia
your Assistant Treasurer receives as treasurer
of the Mint S3,-500, and you propose to add
ms duties to those of the Superintendent of the
Mint, and make that officer give a heavy bond,
and then to reduce his salary $1,000, because
he shall perform duties that have heretofore
cost you $3,500.
The gentleman refers to Dahlonega. "Will
iie tell me when there was either coinage or
assay at Dahlonega? It was an office without
duties, maintained until the breaking out of
the war by southern supremacy in the House.
He refers to the mint at Charlotte, where the
total amount assayed and coined during the last
year was £14 500 This bill proposes to abol-
ish that establishment, and throwinto adequate
salaries for responsible officers the money that
has been wasted by maintaining these sine-
cures. I am informed by the Treasury De-
partment that the utmost increase of expenses
that this bill can involve is $3,700 per annum,
while it adds an office to which it is proposed
to give a salary of $5,500. Reducing that sal-
ary to $3,500, the Treasury estimate is, that
while you have made your mint secure, while
yOu will have given a responsibility to those to
whom your coinage is confided, while you will
have enabled your Secretary of the Treasury
to ascertain the condition of your miuts and
your coinage, you will have added to the pos
sible expenditure the enormous sum of $1,700,
with large prospective reductions by means of
the systematic working of the mints.
This is the true state of the case, and -I hope
that gentlemen who have the estimates before
them, and also the recommendations of the
Secretary of the Treasury, will make them-
selves familiar with the real facts of the case,
aud not come in here and endeavor to thwart
a bill like this upon erroneous statements of
facts. Here is the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Treasury, sending in to us
the recommendation of the superintendent
of the assay office at New York, Mr. Acton,
embodied in the volume of estimates:
I earnestly recommend the additional salary
submitted for the assayer, and melter and refiner.
Their duties are onerous and responsible, and their
present compensation wholly inadequate, in view of
the cost of living in New York. I would also call
attention to the appropriation for the current year
of but $3,000 for the salary of deputy treasurer,
which was fixed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
November 6,1869, at $4,500.
THOMAS C. ACTON,
Super intendent.
I now move that this bill be recommitted
to the Committee of Coinage, Weights, and
Measures.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Is that
motion amendable?
The SPEAKER. It is by way of adding
instructions to the motion to recommit.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. That is
what I wish. I move to amend the motion to
recommit by adding instructions to the com-
mittee to report a bill which shall create no
new bureau, new office, or increase of salary
of any officer now in existence, and which shall
provide that in the purchase of nickel and
copper for the use of the Mint proposals for
bids shall be submitted, and the lowestand best
bidder or bidders shall be contracted with for
the same; and that all nickel and copper coin
redeemed by the Mint shall be recoined, so far
as the same can be used for such purpose.
That amendment is about all the argument I
desire to submit. I think it is clearly the
sense of this House and of the country that
officers of the Government shall not have their
salaries increased ; neither shall there be any
increase of officers in this or any other Depart-
ment. For that reason I hope the House will
adopt my amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. McCobmick,] in order to affect the
mode of purchasing a single metal, proposes
some very curious instructions to the commit-
tee, which ought to contain the words "norin
any other way alter existing law." The amend-
ment would then be more intelligible. Officers
are not to be changed, salaries are not to be
changed, nothing is to be changed except the
mode of buying nickel. I apprehend the regu-
lations which this House and the Senate will
adopt for the procuring of gold and silver and
other metak will be quite sufficient to secure
something like integrity in the purchase of
nickel.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. My impres-
sion is that the primary object of this bill is to
affect the manner in which nickel shall be pur-
chased, and it is for that very reason that I
have moved these instructions. There are in
the United States more places producing nickel
than the State of Pennsylvania; and I think
that all the nickel-producing portions of our
country should be permitted to go into the
market and have an opportunity to supply the
Mint.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to say, in reply to
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. McCor-
mick,] that I cannot believe the Secretary of
the Treasury deemed it necessary to organize
a commission to revise the Mint laws for the
simple purpose of enabling somebody to have a
"job " in buying nickel. This bill has no per-
sonal origin. The Secretary of the Treasury
found the whole Mint system in disorder and
without responsibility. He appointed three
gentlemen of high character, and large expe-
rience in such matters, to revise the Mint laws.
I, as the organ of the Committee on Coinage,
Weights, and Measures, have submitted to the
House the report substantially of that commis-
sion. I do not believe that the Secretary of
the Treasury and the th-ree eminent gentlemen
who constituted that commission were in a
conspiracy to create a "job" about the pur-
chase of nickel for the United States Mint.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I should
like to ask the gentleman one question. What
objection has he to the Mint of the United
States iuviting proposals for the supply of
nickel?
Mr. KELLEY. I have not the slightest
objection ; but I do not see why such a provis-
ion should be embodied in instructions to be
coupled with the recommitment of this bill. I
am not to be drawn into a discussion of that
kind; but I do feel it my duty to vindicate the
Secretary of the Treasury and the commission
that framed this bill against the intimation
that they are i'n a conspiracy to cheat some-
body in the purchase of nickel for our sub-
sidiary coinage.
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted upon
the pending motion.
Mr. POTTE R. In order to say a word upon
this subject, I move to amend by striking out
the last elanseof the proposed instructions.
I thiuk that this subject is one deserving of
all the attention which the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. McCobmick] would invite to it.
At the first session of the Forty-First Con-
gress the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley,] who now has charge of this bill,
reported a bill in regard to nickel coinage,
which left it discretionary with the chief officer
referred to in that bill to make purchases of
nickel needed for coinage. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr, Butler] then moved
that the bill be amended by the insertion of a
proviso that "the materials purchased under
this act shall be by public advertisement for
contracts at the price offered by the low-
est bidder therefor." That amendment was
resisted by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The House recommitted the bill; and when
it was returned from the committee the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania had adopted the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. I read from the remarks of the gem leman
from Pennsylvania on the 30th of March, 1809:
" In section two we have struck out lines five, six
seven, eight, and nine, together with the words
material for'm the fourth line, substituting there-
for the proposition of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler.] providing for the purchase
ot material by public advertisement."
And the House passed the bill in that shape.
When the gentlemen said yesterday that I ob-
jected to the bill when it first came before the
House he was right, and when he said that I
subsequently became a colaborer with him in
support of the bill he was also right. But he
omitted to state thatthispartieular amendment
and other important amendments were made
between the time'when I resisted the bill and
the time when I supported it.
Mr. KELLEY. I beg leave to say that the
gentleman refers to another bill than that to
which f alluded, which was for the redemption
of small coin.
Mr. POTTER. And that is the only bill
which had a clause on that subject.
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir.
_ Mr. PO IT Eli. The Globe, which I hold
m my hand, shows that I am correct.
Mr. KELLEY. The bill to which the gen-
tleman objected contained no provision for the
creation of any coin. It was a bill provid-
