2180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
■ward and take upon our own shoulders tlie
burden of its debts. It has been thought to
be a discredit to the whole country that the
capital should be a bankrupt city. Tbis new
government that we have organized, with very
doubtful constitutionality, it may be said, has
already transcended the limits that were given
to it in relation to taxation by over fifty per
cent.; and it is not too much to say that if it
were not for the financial probity and skill of
the present Governor, the city to-day would
be a bankrupt city, 'and could not pay its debts,
could not negotiate a loan. They have had
great difficulty, even with the admitted and
known skill of the Governor, to obtain means
for their daily wants.
Now, shall we put upon the people hero a
burden that we all know will be a positive
loss? There is not, in my judgment, (and if
there is I challenge him to avow it,) a single
Senator here who would risk a subscription
of $500 to this railroad ; and yet we are about
to impose upon the people of this city a bur-
den of $600,000, to trust a company that no
one single Senator to day would trust with
$500. Under such circumstances I believe
that I shall be justified in moving the indefinite
postponement of the bill.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, -adopting the
mode of reasoning of both Senators from Ver-
mont, they undoubtedly have come to the cor-
rect conclusion. The Senator who has just
taken his seat talks about imposing this debt
on this people. Mr. President, it is a question
they have settled for themselves ; and who has
made him wiser than they ? Have they chosen
a guardian from Vermont to determine what
is better for Washington than they know them-
selves ? That is the question. This is simply a
permission to them. They have voted for it,
undoubtedly, with two views: first, to make
more attractive and more easily accessible the
great capital of this nation; next, because it
will be of infinite advantage to their property,
and will pay ten dollars for every one they
hazard ; and these are chances that they have
well weighed. They know what their prop-
erty is worth; they know what they expect it
to be worth; and as prudent business men
they have gone to work to do this thing.
Now, sir, who finds fault with it? The hon-
orable Senator from Vermont, and he talks
about imposing this upon this people. It is a
thing known as brond as this land that this city
is the most miserably provided with railroads
of any city in this nation. I repeat what I
said when 1 was up before, that there is but
one little track into it, and there you have to
back in and back out. Now, if the citizens of
this city, in a spirit of enterprise, which I think
is becoming them, and becoming not only their
judgment but their interest, are willing to take
this risk, why should we object? At any rate,
it is a thing of which they must judge them-
selves, and I deny the right of the Senator
from Vermont to sit as a court of appeal from
the judgment ot' this people, whose solemn
votes have recorded what they want. What
particular facility has the honorable Senator
for knowing more of the financial condition of
this city than other people? These men live
here; these men pay the taxes; these men see
not only the present but the future of their
city; they make it their study; their interests
are here. Certainly, they can judge with as
much facility as the honorable Senator from
Vermont. They have fall and ample means
of knowing, and why should he, or myself, or
anybody else reverse the judgment of this
people, acting in the solemn manner in which
they have recorded their judgment?
Now, sir, what is this question, in a word?
They want a western outlet to this city ; the
public interests require it; and they have said
that their private interests will be benefited by
it; and to get that outlet they are willing to
give their credit for $600,000 and take the
stock ol the company. Mr. President, it is a
matter of solemn judgment with this people
who own the property here who live and breathe
in all the interests of the locality, and yet the
Senator from Vermont would with a single
dash of his superior powers nullify the voice
of one hundred and fifty thousand people
speaking through their representatives. And,
sir, not merely does he question the voice of
the people, but he calls in question a thing that
we helped to form ourselves, this territorial gov-
ernment. Sir, that is the organ through which
this people speak and are heard.. It is the organ
that Congress itself gave to this people. And
now the gentleman from Vermont says that
that organ gives forth not a harmonious sound.
It is a thing of your own creation, and I am
not to destroy an instrument that you so care-
fully helped to build.
The question comes down to this: whether
Washington is bound hand and foot forever,
and if the Senators from Vermont object to
its moving, that it shall go when they say go,
stand still when they say so, and go no faster
and no slower than they say. Sir, I have the
same respect for the people of this Territory
that I have for the people of Vermont or any
other people, and the Senators from Vermont
would speak here in a different tone if the people
of the District of Columbia should protest
against any little internal improvement that
they proposed to make in Vermont. Such in-
terference would be impudent in the people
here. 'This is only allowable here because
Congress has a sort of supervisory power.
Now, sir, if you want to make the city of
Washington great as it ought to bo, let this
people go forward in a proper, reasonable way,
improve the outlets and inlets to their city;
improve their streets as they are doing, and I
rejoice in it, and I do not believe they are
going to be pecuniarily cramped. There is
always a set of men that never can bear to see
a step in progress made. A man with no eyes,
if his finger was run along on blank paper tell-
ing him where this road starts and runs and
terminates, would feel at once, that it was a
most important connection between the Bast
and the West. Who would not save forty
miles from New York to Cincinnati if lie
could? llow much will it benefit the pro-
ducers of the West; for every mile they run
upon a public highway of this kind costs them
dearly, and forty miles with four trains a day
would make millions of difference with the
productions of the West and their prices to
the consumer-! in the eastern markets? And
yet vye are told that, it is not prudent to engage
in this creat improvement which will build up
this place locally, add to its commercial mi
portance, facilitate transportation by a shorter
route from the West to the East arid vice versa;
"I'd my friend from Vermont sits in judgment
and passes sentence with as little deliberation
as any judge that I ever saw decide upon an
ore temis argument.
Mr, MOIiltlLL, of Vermont. Will the Sena-
tor from Nevada yield to me for a moment?
Mr. NY'IS. Certainly.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Is it not as
much my province to pass judgment upon this
one way, as it is for the Senator the other?
Mr. NYIS. Just exactly so ; but my friend
here always takes special guardianship of this
city. He has a right to pass judgment, but he
has no right to pass a judgment that is not
warranted by the facts and the condition of
things. That is the judgment I find fault with,
not the manner in which he discharges it.
Mr.^ President, this matter does not concern
Washington alone. The constituents of the
honorable Senators from Ohio, Missouri, and
all these western States are interested in it.
It gives to^ the producer forty miles shorter
transportation to market than any other route.
Shall he have it? That is the question. Or
are we here so particularly careful of the inter-
ests of Washington, that to benefit the whole
nation we will not let this city help the con-
struction of this road? That is the simple
question. I have made up my mind that the
city demands it; I have made up my mind
that it is a good financial operation for prop-
erty-holders here, and I have made up my
mind that the public demand it, and that the
groaning fields of the West demand it, to have
cheaper and shorter transportation to their
markets in the East. For these reasons I shall
vote to confirm the doings of the local Legisla-
ture.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, I believe
that not only the city of Washington but the
people of the United States have suffered more
for want of railroad facilities to this city than
from any other individual want that can be
designated. I will not undertake to estimate
the millions that were wasted during the war
for the want of railroad facilities. A few days
after I came into the Senate, some seven years
ago, the question of having an air-line road to
New York was discussed, and something was
stated then of the inconveniences that had been
experienced for want of railroad communica-
tion. A vast amount of money was lost. The
great difficulty was in defending the capital.
1 voted then for all the bills that would give
us relief, but we always failed to pass any hi!,'
authorizing the Government of the United
States to charter any company. We have
gone on for seven years since then paying
tribute to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company. The result is that the cost of liv-
ing is so high here that it is impossible to
establish manufactories and give anything to
the people to do. There are manufactories
at Baltimore, Philadelphia, Wilmington, but
in Washington there are none, because the ex-
pense ofliving and everything that is consumed
here js high. You have got a population of
about one hundred and thirty thousand people.
You must reduce the price of living, give them
something to do. You must make it p&ssible
for them to manufacture and have something
else to do besides living on the Government.
They have been employed recently in improv-
ing the streets; that giv§s temporary relief,
but it adds to the debt.
I am in favor of making railroads, and when
the time comes I am going to vote for the bill
that helps that purpose, and I am going to
examine its provisions very particularly. One
railroad has been struggling to get in here and
I want to give it facilities. This railroad, I un-
derstand from the debate—I did notknow any-
thing about it before—connects with another
railroad that runs to the West and makes a
direct line. I want to see that channel opened.
Then I want the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
to extend facilities, which its interests requires
it to do, to build the road to the Point of
Rocks, and that will give us three competing
lines here. Then there will be no excuse for
not having manufactures in the District.
1 do not think the bill is as well guarded,
.perhaps, as it might be; but the amendment
suggested by my colleague, that private stock-
holders shall put in the same amount, $600,000,
that the District subscribes!, to be expended
on grading the road before anything shall be
paid by the District, is a safeguard. It seems
to me that if they have that much stock in it,
the road will probably be built, andifitisdone,
it will be a step forward. At all events, Con-
gress having failed to get the right of way out
of the city for seven years, and the prices of
living having been almost doubled on. the peo-
ple here and on the Government officials who
live here, so that the poor clerks complain of
their salaries, Congress having left it in the
hands of monopolists, when the citizens are
struggling to accomplish something, whether
they have done it the best way or not, I feol
very much disinclined to oppose their efforts.
I believe I shall vote for the bill with the
amendment of my colleague.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I would
make one observation. It seems to me this
case lies in a nutshell. It is not necessary to
follow the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Ed-
mcnds] in his very laborious inquiry. I bring
