1286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
although it is based upon charges which have
been pulverized one by one till none remain.
He lias revealed no such difficulty heretofore.
I have little difficulty in voting for investiga-
tions aimed at the President of the United
States. I shall vote for this one, and, bor-
rowing the parlance fashionable here, I shall
vote for it with all the scorn it deserves, and
with all the contempt I feel for the spirit
which conceived it. I shall vote for it, and I
shall do so for the reason, among others, that
were I to stand on the argument of the Sen-
ator from Ohio and vote against it the coun-
try would not be big enough to hold the noise
that would be raised in the Democratic press
and the "independent'' press about "cloak-
ing fraud" and ''stifling investigation."
No matter how monstrous, no matter how
vile, 110 matter how wanton an allegation
might be touching the present Administration,
the majority here cannot refuse to investigate
it without being gibbeted at every cross-roads
of party prejudice, upon the charge of seek-
ing to stifle investigation and cloak fraud. So
it happens, sometimes, that accusations be-
come little more than a game, a game of
chess, or a game of chance, or skill, played
by those who have a stake in the political and
sensational result. Thus it comes, Mr. Presi-
dent, and I confess it not without humilia-
tion, that Senators are compelled to vote upon
questions like this, not making up their judg-
ment, out of the merits alone, bnt finding
themselves obliged to act in reference to the
hurtful if not dishonest use to be made of the
decision they record. It is the old Roman
rule of prudence with which the Senator from
Ohio is so much more familiar than I; it is
the need to keep sight not only of the esse but
of the videri; it is the need not only to be,
but to se'em; the need not only to be right,
but to give no appearance which can be twisted
into the likeness of evil. Yielding to this
exigency, I shall vote for this investigation,
groundless, exploded, pulverized as it is in
advance, touching the President, if he be
aimed at, and touching two Cabinet officers
also.
But the Senator from Ohio would cramp the
scope of the investigation so that it would be
aimed only at those against whom 110 fair
ground of suspicion remains ; he would say
that it shall miss those who stand unacquired
of suspicions which they themselves have in
part awakened.
I shall not be tempted, Mr. President, so
near, I trust, the close of this debate, already
too long, to wander into that wilderness of in-
consistencies and vagaries which have been
dignified as "the merits" of this question. I
will say, however, to the Senator from Ohio,
that in my judgment as legislator and lawyer,
upon undisputed facts, American citizens have
held communication or correspondence with
agents of foreign Governments ; and with a
tithe of the ability of that Senator I could
demonstrate to any impartial intelligence that,
even under the statute, the only open question
is whether this communication and correspond-
ence was begun or continued with the particu-
lar intent denounced by the statute. So much
for the suggestion that upon the merits, as an
original question, this amendment should not
prevail.
Mr. President, I have a word to say upon
the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the amendment was adopted. If I am sur-
prised at the motion to reconsider, I am more
surprised at the reason urged upon us. We
are told that the chief objection to investigat-
ing the question of communication between
American Senators and citizens, and foreign
agents, is that it will disturb the composition
of the proposed committee. Let me under-
stand this, and let the Senate see its length
and breadth.
The Senator from Massachusetts has moved
a special committee. An amendment has been
adopted adding to the inquiiy a topic inherent
in the matter which involves, it is said, 01*
may involve the action among others of the
Senator himself. The Senator from Illinois says
let us reconsider that amendment because the
effect of it will be to keep the Senator from
Massachusetts and the Senator from Missouri
from a place on the committee. Let us recon-
sider it, he says, in order that those Senators
may take a place upon the committee, and
then let us direct some other committee to
investigate this branch of the subject. This
seems odd.
It has in'all cases ot accusation been a rule
since England had a Parliament, and that is
eight hundred years, it has been a rule in every
clime where jurisprudence or justice is admin-
istered, to seek at least for jurors and judges
unbiased, for triers who, in the language of
the law, stand indifferent as they stand un-
sworn. Now, however, we are to organize a
jury, a jury of seven, a committee to inquire
and report upon a question of guilt or inno-
cence, and are asked in the first place to select
with care, and to arrange that we may select
a deeply biased jury. In order to do so, it is
proposed first that we shall appoint a biased
committee to investigate, and then we shall
appoint another committee to investigate that
committee! The proposition conies to this :
here are certain Senators whose conduct has,
it is said, been called in question in relation
to the very matter to be tried, certain Senators
who have vehemently prejudged the case;
make them the committee, the triers, and then
appoint another committee to investigate that
committee! It seems to me such a double
and contradictory proceeding would be very
odd. It seems to me it would be so odd that
the bare statement of it is better than any
argument.
For myself I am willing that the Senator
from Massachusetts or the Senator from Mis-
souri shall be put upon the committee, and
that they be left to decide for themselves the
course they will take and the investigation
they will make if they wish to make it. But
I am entirely opposed to taking out of the
investigation the only thing yet suggested
which has probable cause to rest upon.
Mr. President, one other matter and I have
done. The Senator from Vermont, no better
able with his keen and critical faculties than
the rest of us to report or to quote unchal-
lenged the utterances of this debate, referred
to a declaration made by the Senator from Mis-
souri. I have that declaration before me. and
I call the attention of the Senate to it in con-
nection with the remarks of the Senator from
Vermont, and in connection with the version
of it with which he was met. I read from the
speech of the Senator from Missouri:
"The Senator from Iowa called already our atten-
tion to certain proceedings which passed between
the Prussian legation and the War Department. He
said that the Prussian minister had requested the
Secretary of War to suspend the sales ot arms for a
little while, so that Prussian agents also might have
an opportunity to bid. The Secretary of War hav-
ing communicated to me the same statement at the
time, or a short time after, I inquired of the Prus-
sian legation whether this was actually the ease."
That is one of several turns in the road
of this discussion at which we have caught
glimpses of these communications; not that
avowals here give us our only glimpses; not
that statements here are as speaking as other
things'—the possession, for instance, by Sen-
ators and others, without the knowledge of
American authorities, of diplomatic and offi-
cial papers, the escape of which was unknown
here, and which were obtained either from
the foreign office of a foreign Government at
Washington, or from the foreign office abroad
of a Government other than the United'States.
Moreover, Mr. President, I decline to have
the amendment placed by the Senator from
Ohio, or by anybody else, upon the ground
that it looks only to those Senators who have
chosen to takeit largely or wholly to themselves.
It is a demand to know whether American
Senators, or other American citizens, have
been guilty in this regard; and therefore, if
the Senator from Ohio could make light as day
all the acts and doings of the members of this
body, he would not destroy the value of the
amendment. I shall vote against the recon-
sideration of the amendment upon its merits,
and I shall vote against its reconsideration in
order that we may in the first place make up
one committee to investigate a piece of the
matter, and then appoint another committee
to investigate that committee ! Let us have a
committee in which we have confidence; and
for one I promise not to object to the presence
on the committee of any Senator who under
the circumstances sees fit to go there and to
stay there.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I have
taken no part in this debate, nor do I intend
to be drawn into it. All that I have said since
the resolution of the Senator from Massachu-
setts was offered 1 have said this afternoon in
five minutes; and I rise now, not for the pur-
pose of making a speech, but simply to notice
one remark of the Senator from New York,
who seems to think it strange that I could vote
for the resolution of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, and at the same time be opposed to
his amendment. At least I infer that, because
he says that the Senator from Ohio finds no
difficulty in voting to investigate even the con-
duct of the President of the United States, and
hesitates to vote or is opposed to voting for
an investigation into the conduct of Senators
as asked for by the amendment. I do not
know why the Senator made that remark. I
have made not one single remark upon the
resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts;
I have said not one word upon it; I have given
no vote upon it. Why, therefore, the Senator
from New York should say that I find no diffi-
culty in voting for that, when I have said not
a word upon it, when I have given no vote
upon it, I do not know.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. Will the Senator allow
me to tell him?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Simply upon the princi-
ple that, remarking upon this, he pointed out
one, and only one, part for which he could not
vote; and I beg to remind the Senator in the
language of the law which I have heard him
frequently use, expressio unius est exclusio
atterius; and when the Senator takes occasion
to say that he cannot vote for one part only
of a resolution, I think I have a right to sup-
pose that at that time he sees no objection to
voting for the rest.
Mr. THURMAN. But if the Senator had
practiced law in my court when I was a judge,
and he had talked about a thing that was not
before the court, I would- have called him to
oider and made him talk about what was
before the court. The question before the
Senate was whether we should reconsider
the vote on his amendment, not the ques-
tion at all on the resolution of the Senator
from Massachusetts. I was not speaking about
that; I was speaking simply upon the ques-
tion of reconsidering the vote that had been
taken on the Senator's amendment. I said,
and I repeat, that I will not vote for an invest-
igation into the conduct of anybody, private
man or officer, unless I see some reason to
believe that an investigation ought to take
place; and it is because I have not seen the
slightest reason for the amendment of the
Senator from New York that I am opposed
to it.
And now how is it in regard to the other
investigation ? I do see some reason for the
other. Without at all going into the question
about whether the neutrality laws were vio-
lated or. not, and being unwilling to take the
bold and positive assertion of the Senator
from New York for verity that everything in the
resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts
has been pulverized and annihilated—and I do
not know how many other strong words he
used in regard to it—I find one thing that it
