2132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
Mr. EDMUNDS, and Mr. MORRILL of
Vermont, called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. ALCORN. The Senator from South
Carolina, Mr. Robertson, and myself are
paired on this bill at his request. We should
rote differently.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ames, Caldwell, Clayton, Cole,
Edmunds. Ferry of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Verrnont. Patterson, Pratt, Spencer, Wil-
son, and Wright—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Casserly, Corbett,
Bavisof West Virginia, Fenton, Gilbert, Iliil, Ilitch-
eoclc. Kelly, Lewis, Logon, Nye, Osborn, Pool, Saw-
yer, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
man, Tipton, Vickers, and Windom—24.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler, Conkling, Cooper, Cragin, Davis of Ken-
tucky, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Grold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Howe, Johnston,
Kellogg, Morton, Norwood, Porneroy, Ramsey,
Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Scott, Sher-
man, Sprague, Trumbull, and West—32.
So the motion was not agreed to.
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Nevada, [Mr. Nye.]
Mr. LEWIS. I accept the amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let the amendment be
read.
Mr. HILL. I think it is in order to offer a
substitute for the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. HILL. I offer as a substitute this
amendment, and T will state, while I am up,
that it is accepted by the Senator from Vir-
ginia 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Nobody can accept an
amendment in this stage of the bill.
Mr. HILL. My amendment is:
Provided., That before any part of the said sub-
scription shall be paid, the Governor and the Board
of Public Works, acting separately, shall be satisfied
that said railroad will be completed and used to
a point on the Potomac river opposite the city of
Washington or Georgetown by the aid of said sub-
scription.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on I be amendment as amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. In order to test the good
faith and fidelity -of the proprietors of this
corporation, that this is really a loan from this
District to aid in this work which they wish
to carry on, 1 propose to amend by adding at
the end of the amendment just agreed to the
following:
And this .subscription shall bo a first mortgage
upon all the property of said railway company, and
shall be a prior arid first lien upon all the franchises
and pioperty thereof.
Mr. NYE. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. EDMUNDS; So I supposed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment.
Mr. NYE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest to the Senator
from Vermont that owing to the phraseology
of his amendment some Senators seem to
have an understanding of it which the amend •
ment does not give to me. It says this sub-
scription shall be a first lien. 1 think it is
very clear what the Senator means and what
the amendment means; but all Senators do
not think so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator from
New York what he would suggest to make it
clear 'I
Mr. CONKLING. It is clear now to me.
When you suy the subscription shall be a lien,
you mean that there shall be a lien for the
amount of the subscription.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will modify so as to
save all questions as to precisely its scope. If
this is an honest enterprise, and they want to
raise money to accomplish it, and they wish
the city of Washington to advance them $600,-
000, I want to provide that this money thus
advanced shall inure to the benefit of the
District of Columbia, and a3-a first lien on all
the property and effects of the company. That
is what I wish to accomplish. Therefore, in
order, as has been suggested, to make it more
certain I will modify the amendment, with
the permission of the Chair, so as to read :
And this subscription of stock so taken shall be a
first lien upon all the property and franchises of said
railroad company in favor of said District of Colum-
bia, and shall be so enforced.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, as the Senator did
this on my suggestion, if I may be pardoned a
moment, I will say to him that he rather
increases the difficulty which a Senator near
me seemed to have. He says this subscription
and the stock shall be a first lien and mort-
gage. The question was asked of me how stock
could be a lien upon itself and all the other
stock that goes to make up the assets of the
corporation, and that question becomes, per-
haps, more pertinent now than it was under
the phraseology first proposed. I take it that
the Senator means to say that the city of
Washington, for all the money it pays upon
its subscription, shall have a lien upon all the
assets of the road.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If thehonorable Senator
from New York will move to amend it in that
way, I will accept his amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I said "that I supposed
the design of those who will vote for this
amendment is to provide that the city of Wash-
ington shall have a first lien and mortgage
upon all the assets of the company for the
amount the city shall pay upon the subscrip-
tion to be made. I do not propose this as the
language of the amendment, but suggest it to
the Senator from Vermont at his request. I
think it would be rather odd to say that there
should be a lien for stock owned in a corpor-
ation.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, that there is an insuperable objection to
the amendment moved by the Senator from
Vermont. It is this : the proposed subscrip-
tion is for so much stock. That stock being
taken, the subscribers, I take it, come on a
footing of equality with all other stockholders.
Now, there is an obvious difference between a
loan to a corporation and a subscription for so
much stock in a corporation. Suppose a loan
made; it may be secured by a mortgage, or
in any other way agreed upon between the two
parties ; but a subscription for so much stock
obiains the stock, and whoever holds it must
hold it as stock on the same footing as the
other stockholders. The idea that an individ-
ual or a corporation should buy stock in a rail
road company, and then have his stock become
a mortgage on the road, strikes me as some-
what strange.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SUMNEIi. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has he not heard in his
own State often of preferred stock in railway
and other companies which stands as a first
lien, a first right, upon all the property and
assets of the corporation?
Mr. SUMNER. 1 have heard of prefened
bonds—different classes of bonds.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not the question
I asked.
Mr. SUMNER. That is my answer. I do
not know that the other does not exist.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator say he
has not heard of preferred stock ?
Mr. SUMNER. I do not recollect. At any
rate, it seems to me that this proposition is
not equitable oil its face.
Mr. NYE. This is a charter given by the
Legislature of the State of Virginia. The
people of Washington have asked to become
subscribers to this amount of stock. Now, I
do not suppose that we could by any legisla-
tion here give this stock any preference, or
make it a lien on the entire road by any means.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask my friend if we
cannot make a mortgage a condition of the
loan ?
Mr. NYE. This is not a mortgage nor is it
a loan, but the people of Washington, in order
to promote the building of this road, say they
will take so much stocii. -It may be that the
stock will turn out worthless, it may be that it
will be profitable, but that is a thing of which
they judge, and they want to take it. Now, I
do not suppose that many members in this
body want to put restrictions in a Virginia
charter. The road is not to come into this
District unless.it builds a bridge, but it is to
come to the Potomac for a western outlet. I
do not suppose it would be proper at all for us
to attempt to say what should be the conditions
of a Virginia charter.
In answer to the honorable Senator fiom
Vermont on the question of preferred stock,
I will say that I have heard of such a thing as
that; but it is not the stock that is provided
for in a charter or by the rules andregulations
established by a board.
I hope this amendment will not prevail. If
it does I shall regard the franchise as not of
the least interest in the world, as of no conse-
quence.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is very likely, from
my friend's point of view, true, and possibly
from mine. He now says that if this $800,000
which is to be advanced by the District of Co-
lumbia is to be secured by the property and
franchise of this road he regards the franchise
entirely worthless.
Mr. NYE. No.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think lie is rather right
about that.
Mr. NYE. I have not said that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What did the honorable
Senator say ?
Mr. NYE. I say with such a condition im-
posed upon a charter granted by a foreign
Stale, I shouldregard itasworthlessasattached
to the charter. So would you.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We shall see what the
honorable Senator did say iii the Globe to-
morrow, provided we do not indulge in the
recreation of correcting our speeches, as I
know my friend never does.
What I say in reply to the Senator from
Nevada about our power to preserve this
money, which is wrung from the earnings of
the people of this District, as a mortgage with
pretty slender security on this road and its
franchises in some form, is this: his point
is that we have no power to interfere with the
sovereign State of Virginia, which has de-
clared in its charter that this company may
mortgage its property, which includes its fran-
chise, and that any provision of this kind
which we may make, that this money which is
advanced shall be a mortgage, if the company
choose to take it on these terms, is ineffectual,
because we interfere with the sovereign State
x>f Virginia. If that is true, it is a better rea-
son still than has yet been stated, if it were
possible to state any stronger reasons than
have been given, from the yery nature of this
transaction, why we should not enter upon
any such enterprise. If it is true that you
hare a corporation here which is beyond the
control of Congress, rising in a State, and
that all that we can do is to put in the money
of this people without any power to declare
the terms upon which we will put it in, then I
say it would be a still greater shame to declare
that the people of the District of Columbia
shall be compelled to put in this money under
a state of the law of that kind.
Mr. President, in order to relieve the diffi-
culties that have been suggested about the
form of putting this, which the Senator from
New York sees, I withdraw the amendment I
offered and offer another to test the sense of
