1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
841
simple question of fact, stated in the minority-
report, to which I will hereafter call the atten-
tion of the House. The other is the question of
law as to the legal effect of the certificate of the
Governor of the State of Texas, certifying that
W. T. Clarke was duly chosen a member of
this House from the third district of that State.
Coupled with this certificate is a tabular state-
ment of the votes of the several counties in the
third congressional district of Texas. The
minority hold that the certificate in this case
is not sufficient under the law of Texas au-
thorizing and requiring the Governor to give
a certificate of the votes returned by the elec-
tion boards and nothing more. The effort of
the majority is to bring this certificate within
the purview of the law. But we insist, in the
first _place, that the law of Texas does not au-
thorize the Governor of the State to give a
certificate as to who is elected, but that he is to
certify the returns of the election, and to give
to the party having the majority a certified copy
of the record of such returns, sending also a
copy of such record to the Clerk of this House.
He is to certify the returns of the election
boards. It is not for him to say under the
law of Texas who is elected or who is not
elected ; but under the twenty-third section of
the law he is to certify the returns of the votes,
give to the party having the majority of votes
a certificate of such returns, and send a like
copy to the Clerk of the House. But in this
case the Governor has certified that Mr. Clarke
is duly elected. Then he proceeds to make an
explanation of that certificate, and in the body
of the certificate, as gentlemen will see by
referring to it, he expresses the opinion that
on account of the -irregularities and violence
attending the election no one wasin fact elected,
but he feels constrained under the act of Con-
gress to give a certificate of election to some
one. Then, in further explanation, he fur-
nishes a tabular statement of the vote, which
he refers to as explanatory of his certificate
and adopts as a part of it. That tabular state-
ment, so far as it contains the vote of the sev-
eral counties, those rejected and those not
rejected, is such a statement as the law requires
to be made by the Governor and the secretary
of State, except that in the case of the county
of Washington he has omitted the whole vote
cast at what is termed "the white man's ballot-
box."
In the case of the county of Washington the
votes at what is called " the white man's bal-
lot-box " were rejected for reasons stated by
Governor Davis under the head of " remarks."
These votes do not appear upon the tabular
statement. This vote not stated is over 2,000,
but this outside of the record in this case. Yet
Mr. Giddings has, of all the votes shown to
have been oast, a majority of 730 votes, accord-
ing to the returns, and yet the seat is claimed
by Mr. Clarke. Ifyougiveto Mr. Clarke all the
votes cast for him and marked "rejected," and
give Mr. Giddings all the votes cast for him
marked "rejected," there will be a majority
left for Mr. Giddings of 730 votes.
The votes of the counties of Bosque, Brazos,
Freestone, and Limestone, are all rejected in
this statement accompanying the so-called
election certificate of Mr. Clarke. Is it not
a little remarkable that in every single county
where the entire vote is rejected Mr. Giddings
had a majority of the votes cast?
Kow, Mr. Speaker, I undertake to say that
the law is this: that a certificate of election
given by an officer authorized by law to give it,
where it contains nothing more than the dec-
laration that the party to whom it is given was
duly elected to an office; is prima facie evi-
dence that a party holding it was duly elected
and has a right to such office. But I maintain
farther, when it contains facts upon which its
conclusion is based, showing that conclusion to
be false, such facts destroy the legality of the
certificate, and it is therefore void to all in-
tents and purposes as a certificate of election.
This very doctrine is laid down in Barber's
Supreme Court Reports, volume thirty-two, in
the case of Hartt against Harvey. In that case
this very question was matter of judicial in-
vestigation before the supreme court of the
State of New York. There this very point
was made. In that case the returning officers
of an election had certified that a certain party
was duly elected to an office, and the explana-
tion of the certificate showed, in a statement
of the vote, that the party to whom the certifi-
cate was given did not have a majority of the
votes cast. It was there held that where the
explanation of facts showed that the certificate
which was based on those facts was not the
proper legal conclusion from the facts, such
certificate was held void and of no effect as a
certificate of election. The same doctrine is
asserted in Brightly's Election Cases.
And why should not that rule apply to this
case? The doctrine is certainly sound and
founded in justice. What is a certificate of
election? It is of itself nothing more than
evidence of a fact that the party who holds
it received a majority of the votes. That is the
usual purpose of a certificate of election, and
if the whole statement shows that the party
to whom it is given did not receive a majority
of the votes cast, then it is not a certificate
of election either in law or in fact.
Now, it is insisted that the Governor of
Texas under the law of that State had a right
to supervise the returns of the election board,
and to reject votes which in his judgment were
not proper. We insist that, to be allowed or
computed, the law of Texas does not bear any
such construction, and unless the majority of
this committee can maintain the position that
the Governor has such authority, then of
course they will be compelled to surrender
the principle upon which they recommend the
adoption of this resolution to this House. And
what is that? That in the ihirty-fouith and
thirty-fifth sections of the election laws of
Texas the Governor, secretary of State, and
attorney general are made a board for the pur-
pose of making and certifying a statement of
election returns.
In other words, it is insisted that sections
thirty-four and thirty-five of the law of Texas
justify at least prima facie the act of the
Governor in rejecting the returns of the elec-
tion from the several counties and polling
places marked "rejected" in the tabular
statement of votes ; but from an examination
of the context of the act and a comparison of
its various sections we are led to the conclu-
sion that sections thirty-four and thirty-five
apply, in their several provisions, to the
returns of elections for officers of the State of
Texas only, and not to the members of the
House of Representatives of the United States.
Section twenty-three applies to the election
returns of members of the House of Repre-
sentatives. But that section provides that—
"As soon as possible after tho expiration of the
time ofmaking the returns of the election for Repre-
sentatives in Congress, a certificate of tho returns
of the election for such Rep' e-entatives shall be
entered on record by tho secretary of state and
signed by the Governor, and a copy thereof sub-
scribed by said officers shall be delivered to the per-
son so elected, and another copy transmitted to tho
House of Representatives of tho Congress of the
United States."
Then again, under no view of the case, not
even under the construction given to these
sections of the law by the majority of the com-
mittee, could the Governor institute such an
inquiry, unless returns of violence, corruption,
&c., had been made to the Governor and sec-
retary of State by the election judges, corrobo-
rated by the affidavits of two or more citizens,
but the majority ask the House to infer that
such returns and such affidavits were made
from those counties where votes have been
rejected. The Governor in his certificate does
not profess to have acted upon any such state
of the case or any such view of the law. He
does not pretend that the act of rejecting these
votes was as the act of the returning board,
consisting of the Governor, attorney general,
and secretary of State, but as the act of the
Governor himself.
I revert for a moment to the statement of the
minority in their report, that it was conceded
by parties in the investigation and argument
before the committee that no evidence was
furnished to the Governor of fraud and vio-
lence, and that he could not, therefore claim
jurisdiction to examine into the returns of the
election made by the judges of the elections,
and there will be no dispute of the fact I am
about to state, that it never was pretended bj
Mr. Clarke or his counsel that any such re-
turns of fraud and violence had been made to
the Governor. When this case was argued by
Mr. Clarke's counsel before the committee,
there was no claim whatever that any such evi-
dence had been furnished to the Governor by
the election judges on the affidavits of citizens.
I call attention also to the fact that under
section thirty four of the laws of Texas, no
certificate of election is required to be given
to any officer of his election, as shown by the
return of the votes, but the statement of the
vote is to be published in the official State
journal, and the Governor is required to issue
commissions to such officers as are required by
law to be commissioned, showing clearly that
officers of the State of Texas are alone em-
braced in this section.
Mr. Speaker, having but a very limited time
in which to submit my remarks in support of
the minority report, I will, in conclusion, invite
the attention of the House to what appears to
me to be the principles which ought to be re-
garded in this case. We ought to decide such
a question as this on the principles of law and
right, according to the facts. We should rise
above any personal or party considerations, and
should now, if we have not done so before, take
such a course as will establish the confidence
of the country in the freedom of election, and
that returning officers of elections, whether
Governors or more humble officers, shall be
taught by the precedent and example of this
House that for purposes of their own or for
purposes of a party, or with aview to promote
the interests of a friend or to punish an enemy,
they shall not arbitrarily mutilate and falsify
the returns of elections and reverse the decis-
ions of the people by throwing out the votes
of whole counties, as was done in this case,
regardless of law and of the rights of the peo-
ple. Unless we do this we admit as Repre-
sentative on this floor a man never sent here
by the votes of the district he claims to repre-
sent.
I now yield to my colleague from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnsworth.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
my colleague yields five minutes to me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has only
one minute to yield.
Mr. RICE, of Illinois. I leave my colleague
the balance of my time. I understood I had
four minutes left.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to make a
suggestion to the House, but I cannot well do
it m one minute.
Mr. HOAR. How much remains of the half
hour which it was agreed should be allowed for
debate before calling the previous question ?
I propose to give one half of the hour which
will remain after the previous ques'ion is
seconded to the gentlemen on the other side.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was notified
that hut one minute remained. He finds that
there was a slight mistake. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Rice] has three minutes to
yield.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to offer a
resolution similar to the one adopted by the
House in the case of Mr. Covode, of Pennsyl-
vania, which will send this case back to the
Committee of Elections^ with directions to
try the case on its merits and make their
report to the House.
Nov/, if it is true that the law of Texas
authorizes the Governor of that State not
