1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
1237
docs seem to me needs investigation. I find
what, looks to me to be a plain statute in re-
gard to the sale ot arms, a statute so^ plain
that there can be no two opinions upou it, and
it does look to me on the prima fade case
before the Senate that that statute has been
violated by an officer of the United States.
So, if there were nothing else in the case, I
should want to know whether that was the fact
or not. There is a sufficient ground laid for
that investigation, not laid by innuendo, not
laid by newspaper reports, but laid upon the
statute itse'if and the official reports of the
chief of the Bureau of Ordnance. That is
sufficient to authorize me to vote.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator I think
will admit that if I was not warranted in think-
ing he would vote for this resolution I was
warranted in guessing that he would. I cer-
tainly guessed at it with great accuracy on that
poiut.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think myself
that the act of 1799-has any bearing whatever
on this case, but still the amendment of the
Senator from New York implies that it may
have. That act had its origin iu the interfer-
ence of a citizen of the United States by which
the French Government sought at that time to
enter into arrangements by which the people
of the United States should be alienated from
their Government. It was called the Logan
act, a man by the name of Logan having en-
tered into correspondence and intrigue with
the French Government to thwart the meas-
ures of the Government of the United States.
There is nothing like that indicated here, no
pretense of it. The statute has no applica-
tion to anything that has been divulged iu this
debate; but still it is aimed at certain Sena-
tors, and now we are told, strangely enough,
that in making up a committee of investigation,
or in the formation of committees, the persons
composing the committees are to be like jurors
having no opinions on the subject. Why, Mr.
President, it is a rule of parliamentary law as
old as parliamentary history, that the friends
of a measure are to compose the committee
to which it is to be referred or committed.
rjthe friends of investigation are to be put upon
committees of investigation. Has the Senator
from New York to learn that? Does he mean
to intimate here that the persons favorable to
a bill, favorable to an investigation, who have
examined it and understand it, are to be ex-
cluded from the committee on the ground
that they are to be like jurors knowing noth-
ing of the ease? -Right the reverse is the rule ;
but the effect of the Senator's amendment is
absolutely to exclude from the committee the
very persons who by virtue of parliamentary
law should be members of the committee. I
find laid down in Jefferson's Manual, which we
all have upou our tables, this proposition:
" When a committee is charged with an inquiry,
if a member prove to bo involved they cannot pro-
ceed against him, but must make a special report to
tbe House, whereupon the member is heard in his
place or at the bar, or a special authority is given to
the committee to inquire concerning him."
This is the general rule of parliamentary
law, that the momenta member is involved the
committee stops, it must be reported to the
House. Now the Senator proposes an amend-
ment here which involves certain Senators.
He might as well propose a proposition that
should prevent the committee from acting at
all unless he means to exclude those Senators
from places upon the committee, and he says
he has no objection to their being upon the
committee.
Again, in regard to the general rule as to the
position of the committee, what is the law on
that subject?
"Those who take exceptions to some particulars
in the hill are to be of the committee, but none who'
speak directly against the body of the bill; for he
that would totally destroy will not amend it, (Ha-
kew, 146; Town., col.208; D'Ewes. 634, col.2; Scob.,
47;) or, as it is said, (5 (irey, 145,) the child is not to
be put to a nurse that cares not, for it, (0 Grey, 373.)
It is therefore a constant rule ' that no man is to be
employed iu any matter who has declared against
it.' And when any member who is against the bill
hears himself named of its committee, he ought to
ask to be excused."
This is the rule. Now this committee should
be made up of the friends of the measure,
the friends of investigation. Who are they ?
Why, the Senators from Massachusetts and
Missouri especially, who have examined the
question aud have argued it, and yet an amend-
ment is proposed, the effect of which is to
exclude them from the committee because the
committee cannot proceed with the investiga-
tion with them upon it, they being involved
under the resolution if it should be amended
as proposed by the Senator from New York.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator claim
that that applies to an investigation like this?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do claim that it
applies to an investigation like this, that the
rule is in reference to all measures ; that the
friends of the measure are to have charge of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator a
question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to get into
a controversy with the Senator, but this is a
matter of parliamentary law that ought to be
understood. The reason of that rule is, and I
suggest it to the Senator—I think I have heard
him say so himself before, but I will not state
that with positiveness—that where a bill is
proposed which is a measure that is afterward
to be brought forward for the action of the
body itself, it is the courtesy of parliamentary
law that those who are in favor of the bill
should have an opportunity to put it into the
best possible shape, in order that when they
bring it in on a report the whole body may
find it in its best shape, so as to be able to
pass it if they think that even in its best form
it ought to pass. That is the reason of that
rule. When you apply that to an inquiry in
the nature of a judicial inquiry into the con-
duct of officers, which is in effect a trial, it has
no application at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the reason ap-
plies with all its force. When the Senate has
determined that an investigation is proper,
which it will only determine on facts pre-
sented to it by some Senator or in some other
way, then the Senate is in favor of the investi-
gation, in favor of probing it to the bottom
with a view of bringing the abuse or the
wrong, if one exists, to the notice of the Sen-
ate for its action, just as you perfect a bill for
the future action of the Senate. Did anybody
ever find out anything in an investigation
where the persons sent out to investigate the
wrong were opposed to the investigation ? I
know the Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] in
his speech the other day said that he would
not investigate on suspicion; he would not
have an investigation unless he knew where
fraud' existed. Why, sir, when we know it,
we do not want any investigation. The object
of investigation is to find it out. It is because
there is suspicion or facts which warrant fur-
ther inquiry that an investigation is ordered ;
and when such an investigation is ordered by
a body what do they mean? They mean it to
be thorough ; they mean to have the facts in-
quired into to ascertain what the truth of the
matter is ; and will you send out a person who
is opposed to that inquiry or a person who is
iu earnest and who believes in it to make the
inquiry ? If there never was a parliamentary
rule enunciated in the world, the reason of
the thing requires that those who are after
the wrong should be the persons appointed to
follow it up.
Now, sir, I think it would be very improper
to mix these two things together, unless it is
the intention of the Senate to determine that
those who investigated this inquiry, who have
been foremost in bringing it to the notice of
the Senate, are to be excluded from the invest-
igation.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. CONKLING ad-
dressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not desire to say any-
thing on this point.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to say a single
word as to this matter, if I do not interfere
with the Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all.
Mr. CONKLING. I thank the Senator
from Massachusetts for allowing me to sajr a
word in answer to the Senator from Illinois.
Doubtless the Senator from Illinois did not
intend to misstate me when he quoted me as
maintaining that parliamentary committees
were constituted, or should be, like juries, of
members knowing nothing of the subject. If
the Senator had listened to me, I think he
would have gathered that I did not intend a
statement so erroneous. I intended my remark
to refer alone .to a proceeding like this, the
trial of au issue of guilt or innocence.
The Senator from Illinois has read from
the Manual words familiar to us all. He has
been answered, I think, conclusively by the
Senator from Vermont, who pointed out to
him the reason and meaning of the rule he
has read. But I want to answer him in another
way also. The Senator reads from the Manual
the words " the friends of the measure," and
he repeats "the friends of the measure." I
thank him for teaching me that word. What
is " the measure" here? Is it investigation,
or is it the conviction of somebody ? If a
Senator is in favor of making this inquiry, is
he not a "friend of the measure," in the
language of Jefferson, as much as he would be
if he had made up his mind beforehand to rush
with blind prejudice to a certain result ? Would
that prejudice make him anymore " the friend
of the measure?" No, sir, I submit it would
not.
I repeat again, what is the " measure " be-
fore the Senate? I answer it is investigation,
full, fair, rigorous investigation. Will the
Senator from Illinois gainsay that? And if
he gets a committee iu favor of investigation,
in favor of pursuing it to the end, but not
eager to divert it to a particular end, notbound
to warp it, or twist it, not anxious to torture
it, not setting out with the hope or the prayer
that it will work out particular results, is
not that a committee of the " friends of the
measure?"
Ah, Mr. President, there is another meas-
ure—a measure to be meted to us. What is
it ? It is an idea—I speak not of motives—a
belief, a conviction if you please, be it never
so honest, on the part of a few members of
this body, that guilt exists, and that guilt will
be proved by a certain investigation. Does
that conviction or prejudice, I repeat, be it
never so honest, make those Senators any more
than others "the friends of the true meas-
ure ; " that is, the friends of honest, fair invest-
igation? Does not such prejudgment make
them less the friends of the measure, if fair
investigation be the measure?
I have heard this language from the Manual
read before. I have heard it read to reflect
upon me and upon others—to suggest au im-
putation of wanting to stifle investigation.
Why? Because we would not vote for a mo-
tion which would compel you, Mr. President,
constrained by parliamentary etiquette and
usage, to make the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Schorz] the charioteer of a committee
to publish reports, which I will not character-
ize, against the President of the United States
during a presidential canvass. I would not
vole for such a motion. I would not vote to
revive an old committee of which the Senator
from Missouri would be found the ranking
member, so as to constrain you, sir, 1 repeat,
to put him in the forefront as the spokesman
and organ of that committee. I would not do
it, because I believed then, as much as 1 be-
lieve now, that he has again avowed it in his
hostile purposes against what I believe to
be the best interests of party, and therefore
