342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
only to canvass the votes, but to eliminate and
cut them off, and try the contested case there,
thus usurping the powers and duties of this
House, it is nevertheless the fact that in this
ease -he has not followed the statute of the
State of Texas; for the statute requires, in the
twenty-third section, that
"A3 soon as possible after the expiration of the
time of making the returns of the election for Rep-
resentatives in Congress, a certificate of the returns
of the eleotion for such Representatives shall be
entered on record by the secretary of State, and
signed by the Governor, and a copy thereof, sub-
scribed by said officers, shall be delivered to the
person so elected, and another copy transmitted to
the House of Representatives of the Congress of the
United States."
Now, that requires that he shall make a com-
plete return to the House of Representatives,
sending up the factsupon which he acts in dis-
franchising a county, or counting or not count-
ing its vote, as the case may be. He has not
done that in this case, but has simply sent up
the result of his count, and nothing more.
Mr. HOAR. The gentleman will allow me
to call his attention to the fact that he has not
read the law, except one section. A later
section of the law provides for exactly such a
table as the Governor has sent up.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Section twenty-six,
by virtue of which, I understand, it is held by
the committee that this law of Texas applies
to the election of members of Congress, reads
as follows:
" Sec. 26. That the provisions of this act, except
as to the time of holding elections, shall apply to
the election of all officers whose eleotion Is not
otherwise provided for."
Now, sir, that evidently applies to officers
of the State, and not to members of Congress.
Mr. HOAR. I am sure the gentleman does
not wish to misrepresent, and that he will
allow me to say that unless the thirty-third,
thirty-fourth, and thirty-fifth sections of this
law apply to members of Congress, there is
no provision for transmitting the vote for mem-
bers of Congress to the Governor, or to any-
body, no provision for counting the votes, and
no provision for any person to make out cre-
dentials at all. The gentleman has not read
this law.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh yes; I have
read the law, and I have done something more
than read the law, I have understood it; and
I doubt very much, whether all the members
of the Committee of Elections did.
[Here the hammer fell.]
_ Mr. HOAR. I now move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask to have read
the resolution which I desire to offer as a sub-
stitute for the resolution reported by the com-
mittee.
The Clerk read as follows;
*h?e,h°lAecl' That ?he contested-election case from
district of Texas be recom-
mitted to the Committee of Elections, with instruc-
'n!,W report upon the merits of the case, who is
entitled to represent saitkhstrictm thisHouse with
nf ^°riUytt-° reSu'ations to govern the mode
of conducting the contest and taking the testimony
Mr FARNSWORTH. That is precisely
like the resolution which was adopted by the
House in the case of Covode, from Pennsyl-
vania, where we had no certificate, just as we
have none here.
Mr. HOAR. In this case there is not any
otncial notice before the House or before the
Committee of Elections that there is any con-
test at all, and the result of the adoption of
this resolution will be to drive out a member
who has credentials stronger than those of nine
tenths of the members of this House, and leave
him to wait indefinitely until some one comes
in and contests the seat I object, therefore,
of order amendment of the gentleman is out
Mr. FARNS WORTH. Will not the gen-
tleman, alter those remarks, allow me to reply
to him? ' 3
_ Mr, HOAR. Not now. I demand the ore-
yiqus question. 1
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I hope the
previous question will not be sustained.
Mr. RANDALL. I would inquire if the
previous question will embrace the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Illinois?
The SPEAKER. It will, of course, embrace
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. HOAR. I do not understand that the
resolution of the gentleman from Illinois is
before the House at all. ,
The SPEAKER. That depends upon the
question whether the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts yielded to his colleague on the com-
mittee [Mr. Rice] with the right to his col-
league to offer an amendment.
Mr. HOAR. I did not. I yielded for the
purpose of debate only.
The SPEAKER. Then, under those cir-
cumstances, the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois is not in order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, This is too import-
ant a matter, one which we have to decide upon
our oaths as judges, to be crammed down our
throats in half an hour.
t j^"r' ®-^AR. I ca-" the gentleman to order. '
I do not understand that he is entitled to thrust
his remarks before the House out of order any
more than any other member of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am called upon to
act as a judge in this case.
Mr. HOAR. The arrangement as to the
length of time for debate was made with the
minority of the committee, and they have mani-
fested no desire to depart from it. They are
amply capable of understanding the question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not propose to
be manacled either by the majority or by the
minority. I must vote here on my oath as a
judge.
^ Mr. POTTER. ^ I would inquire if the pre-
vious question will include the amendment
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
worth?]
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. RANDALL. I appeal to the record to
show that the gentleman from Massachusetts
made no condition whatever when he yielded
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is bound to take
the statement of the gentleman who is entitled
to the floor as to how he yields it. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts who reported this
resolution was entitled to one hour. He stated
that he should occupy but half an hour, and
divide it with his colleagues on the committee
on the opposite side of the question. It is for
him to state upon what conditions that yielding
was made, and of course the Chair is bound to
protect him m his rights. Of course it is for
the House to decide whether it will sustain his
demanu for the previous question. Should
the House not second the demand for the ore-
vious question, then the subject will be open to
amendment. *
Mr. RICE, of Illinois. I wish to say that
there was an understanding with the majority'
and the minority of the Committee of Elections
in regard to the time to be occupied in debate
and that the time was to be equally divided,
there was no understanding that we should
not otter any amendment or make any other
motion rn the time allotted to us. It was an
unconditional arrangement that one hour and
a half of time should be divided between the
majority and the minority.
hA1 The Chair is, of course,
bound to enforce the statement of the gentle-
man who yielded the floor.
Mr. RANDALL. The Chair, it seems to
me, should be bound by the statement made at
th® the gent eman yielded the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman made no
statement at that time upon that point.
M f1"' t ^I9SE'-LrIr the Ssntleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] does not. admit, the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth,] 1 hope the previous question
will be voted down, as it should be voted down,
because it is a misunderstanding, and to en-
force it would be very unjust.
Mr. HOAR. I understand the gentleman
representing the minority of the Committee of
Elections [Mr. Rice] agrees with me in regard
to the arrangement about the time ; but at
the same time it is manifestly just that if any
considerable number of the members of the
House desire to vote upon the mode of dispos-
ing of this question suggested by the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth] they
should have the opportunity. I will therefore
consent that his motion shall be regarded as
made and pending, and then I will call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The first question is on
the motion of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Farnsworth,] torecommitthiscase, with
instructions, to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. HOAR. I propose to yield for half
an hour to the two gentlemen who signed the
minority report, and who have not yet spoken,
[Mr. Arthur and Mr. Merrick.] They may
divide the time as they please. I yield to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Arthur.]
qualification of A member.
Aaron A. Sargent presented himself and
was duly sworn as the member-elect from the
second congressional district of the State of
California.
texas election w. t. clarke.
The House resumed the consideration of the
Texas election case—W. T. Clarke.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Arthur] is entitled to the floor for
thirty minutes.
Mr. ARTHUR. I will yield ten minutes
of my Ume to the gentleman from Maryland,
[Sir. Merrick,^ my colleague on the Com-
mittee of Elections.
u. My duty as a member of
the Committee of Elections is to inquire and
ascertain what questions of law are involved
m this inquiry. We all concede that if a party
really has a certificate of election he is en-
titled prima facie, under the rules of this
House, to be sworn in. The minority of the
Gomimtteeof Elections, acting upon their best
judgment, have come to the conclusion that
1 1SJ?er,e no Pnma facie e«se on the part
ox Mr. Clarke, who holds the supposed and
nominal certificate from the Governor of Texas,
ihat paper, called a certificate, upon its face
declares that, m the judgment of the Governor
there was no election whatever. He goes on
to state that under the constraint of the provis-
ions of the Federal law he gives the certificate
to this man to escape the penalties of the law
as against himseif, while, in his own judgment,
no man whatsoever has been elected to this
Congress from that district.
Now, will it be said that that is a certificate
m favor of Mr. Clarke, when the Governor
makes the solemn asseveration that he does
not believe he was elected to this Conore.-s
that he does not believe that any man was
elected from that district, that he believes the
whole election was false, fraudulent, and void?
He says upon the face of this so-called certifi-
cate that he gives the certificate to a man hav-
ing the smallest number of votes in or.ler to
escape the penalty with which he is threatened
under the f ederal election law. Then he sjoes
on to give the certificate, although in the very
face of the facts m the case, for it appears that
the man as against whom hegives the certificate
has a majority of the votes cast at that, election ;
and to justify that, he usurps, in the face of the
aw of Xexas, authority to count out the votes
pt certain counties of'that State, without hav-
ing complied with the prerequisites of the
iexas law giving him jurisdiction to count out
votes of counties.
I he whole certificate, therefore, is upon its
lace false, nugatory, and void. The twenty-
third section of the Texas election law requires
