290
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 25,
Ho. of Reps.
American Citizens Abroad—Mr. Butler,
42d Cons 2d Sess.
who had been here thirty years, but who
claimed to be British subjectB?
Mr. BANKS. Such inquiries .were con-
stantly answered during the war.
Mr. L. MYERS. I suppose, in the first place,
that fifteen monthg would not have been al-
lowed to elapse before our reply; and next,
that the reason for our aetion would have been
a satisfactory one.
My colleague on the committee who preced-
ed me [Mr. Willard] made some remarks
which, in justice to him, 1 must suppose were
facetious, about what .the heathen Chinese
sojourning here might demand if we pass this
terrible resolution; and they had as much
to do with his view of this case as 8 Cranch,
which he relied on in his argument. If we
have a treaty with China, both parties are
bound to fulfill it. Having none that would
cover his imaginary case, I fail to perceive
the force of his suggestions.
England went to war with Abyssinia and
spent millions of money because a few of her
citizens were held there captive. The Gov-
ernment of the United States were ready to
back a United States officer with all the pow-
ers of the Government on behalf of a man
who had only made his first declaration of
citizenship. The French Government lately,
by one of its consuls in Cuba, demanded and
obtained the release of the sons of a man
named Rosseau, a French colonist, declar-
ing, contrary to the assumption of some
gentlemen here, that the sons of a French
colonist in Cuba had the right to claim that
they were sons of France. If Dr. Houard
had been a native of France instead of the
United States, still claiming his nationality,
and his father a French colonist in Cuba, in
stead of one naturalized first in America, the
power of France, humbled as she now is,
would soon have been exerted to prove that,
one of her citizens should not be held in
bondage contrary to law.
That nation which upholds the honor of its
flag and affords protection to its citizens will
n t decay. Let it not be said that an appeal
to perform these sacred duties has been un-
heeded by the Representatives of the American
people.
American Citizens Abroad.
SPEECH OF HON. B. F. BUTLER,
of massachusetts,
In the House op Representatives,
April 25, 1872.
The House having under consideration the pre-
amble and resolution reported from tho Committee
ou Foreign Affairs in relation to tbe imprisonment
of Dr. John Emilio Houard by the Spanish Govern-
ment—
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, said:
Mr. Speaker: I should think that after the
administration of this Government aud the
Republican party have been attacked as the
" most imbecile and useless and contemptible
Administration on earth," one of its friends
would not have interfered in allowing at least
ten minutes for its vindication even by so poor
an advocate as myself, even if he did not
undertake to make it himself.
Mr. HOAR. My colleague will allow me
to say that I objected because I did not want
the previous question seconded.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
much obliged to my colleague for the explana-
tion. I misunderstood him in the noise.
Now, let us see exactly what the case before
us is. Louis Houard, a native of France, was
naturalized in this country in 1803, and in
1815 his son, Dr. Juan Emilio Houard, was
born. In 1822 Houard:s father moved to
Cuba, taking all his family with him, entered
lands thereunder the Spanishlaw, and founded
a colony substantially at Cienfuegos. He there
spent tbe remainder of his life. Dr. Houard,
bis son, went with him when but seven years
old. When Dr. Houard was ready for his
education in 1836, when he was in the neigh-
borhood of twenty-one years of age, he came
to Philadelphia for the purpose of being edu-
cated, and studied here until he was prepared
for his profession. He then went back to
Cuba to practice it.
Mr. DAWES. He came here a minor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. He left
here a minor and he came back a minor, at
the will of his father.
Mr. L. MYERS. His fatherwas dead.
Mr. BUTLELl, of Massachusetts. Well, he
came at the will of bis surviving parent; he
came here without any consent of his own,
being a minor. He left this country originally
with his father; if his father became a Span-
ish subject, then he became a Spanish subject
according to the provisions of the laws of the
whole civilized world.
Now, then, what is admitted in the case?
It is admitted that the father went there and
took a grant of lands as a colonist. It is not
disputed, and as the law then stood that was
a declaration and evidence of Spanish citizen
ship on the part of the father.
Mr. BANKS. Certainly it is disputed.
Mr. VV. R. ROBERTS. Certainly it is.
Mt. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 can
only say that this is what the Spanish Govern-
ment claim to be their own law, and they
know best about it. Then his father took the
office of police commissioner there, which all
Spanish authorities say can only be held by a
Spaniard, and the last telegram that is before
us is one sent here on the lOih of April from
Madrid, which I will read. It is as lollows:
Fish, Secretary nf State, Washington :
Urgent.—Captain General telegraphs minister of
state, sayins; that Houard's American citizenship
was not alleged in consul's first communication;
that ilouard's father had renounced foreign nation-
ality in accepting post of commissary of police at
Cienfuegos, and that Houard had no foreign papers,
but was registered as a Spaniard. Copy of all pro-
ceedings to be sent to Madrid next mail.
ad ee, Charge.
Madbid, April 10.
Mr. L. MYERS. I must right here deny
what the captain general says.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield to the gentleman ; he had an hour, and
I have only ten miuutes.
Mr. L. MYERS. I am bound to put it in
that the statement of the captain general is
contradicted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
only stating the matter as it stands of record.
Now, then, wiili thisclaim on the one side or
the other, while the case is already before tbe
Government, and while the President and
Secretary of State are doing all they could
do, if it were you or me or any one else
Dr. Houard's place, a resolution is brought in
here by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for
what purpose? That the House should take
this matter into their own hands adjudicate
Houard a citizen ; adjudicate that we are bound
to protect him; adjudicate that our foreign
policy is weak and imbecile and contemptible
more than that of any other country on earth,
to nse the phrases of the eloquent gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Voorhees,] and to pass a
vote of censure upon the Administration of
our country.
Now, has anybody risen on this floor and
said that our Government has been derelict
for one moment, that it has not proceeded just
as fast as it could, even if Dr. Houard had
been an American citizen ? Sir, I deny that
he is a citizen of the United States. Upon
this point the weight of the evidence is not
only not conclusive in favor of his citizenship,
but it entirely fails. My eloquent friend from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] said that Dr. Houard
having been born an American citizen could
not be expatriated without some act of his
own. I agree to that, after he is of age, but
the gentleman wholly overlooked the fact that
he could be expatriated by the act of his
father; that his father could go to a foreign
country and carry him with him in his infancy
and make him a foreign citizen, as he did do
upon all the proof.
Being thus by act of his father made a citi-
zen of Cuba, in 1836 Houard came back
here, completed his education and went back
to Cuba, and never claimed any citizenship
of the United States until after this war broke
out in Cuba in 1869. Now, sir, L for one
would move every power of this Government,
war power and all, in favor of an American
citizen whose personal rights to liberty were
interfered with by a foreign Power. There is
no such glorious record as that of our Gov-
ernment in the case of Martin Koszta, who
was a citizen only in intention. But I will
not permit the whole American doctrine to be
overturned here and now in favor of a man
who has not been here for thirty-odd years,
who never meant to return here, and who has
never yet said that he meant to come back to
this country, or claimed the protection of its
flag till now. He left this country in his in-
fancy, and came back in manhood.
Mr. L. MYERS. In early youth.
Mr. BUTLEli, of Massachusetts. In early
manhood, and he went back m manhood, and
for thirty-odd years has shown no disposition
t.o put his foot again on this soil. Now, let
us turn this case right about for a moment.
Suppose an Irishman comes io this country
at seven years of age with his father, and
remains here until he is twemy years of age
and then goes hack to Ireland, obtains an
education there, immediately returns here to
practice his profession for thirty years and
marries here, his father living here, accepting
office here, entering land under our land laws,
taking advantage of our preemption laws, and
living here all Jiis.life. At the end of that
thirty years that Irishman by birth only goes
abroad. Would you not, Mr. Speaker, would
not every gentleman in this House, vote the
whole powerof this Governinenttoprotect that
man as an American ciiizen?
Mr. W. R. KOBERJ'S. Not if the father
was not a citizen, had not declared his inten-
tion to become such, had not taken out any
naturalization papers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Pardon
me. I have stated the exact case. Let me
restate it. Ail Irishman comes here, a boy
of seven years of age, with his father. His
father comes here and settles, takes up a quar-
ter section of land, brings all his family here,
and lives and dies here. While the father if
living here he sends one of his sons, a minor,
back to Ireland, or the son, a minor, goes
back and obtains an education, after which he
returns here and practices his profession for
thirty years, and marries here.
Mr. L. MYERS. At what age?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. At twenty-
one.
Mr. L. MYERS. No ; at twenty-eight.
Mr.-BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well, let
it be twenty-eight or thirty. He returns here,
and for thirty years practices his profession
here, lives here all the time, and then goes
abroad. Now, what will we call him when he
goes abroad ? What is the American doctrine
when applied to such a man ? Why, it is that
he is our citizen, and entitled to the protec-
tion of th^stars and stripes. That is the doc-
trine that I am eontendirg for to-day by voting
against this resolution. I will vote for the
