1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2185
it to be done. Tlie end of it is not uncertain.
When embarrassment comes relief will come,
and it will come through ns ; and I stand here
to say to-day that I expect, if I am here when
it comes; I may not be, but if I am, I shall
respond to it. I shall respond to it for the
reasou that we have stood by and been privy
and assenting to it. We have authorized
them to make this loan. But having that
feeling, and believing that to be the prob-
ability of the future, I have a right to say,
"Not another step in advance; no more
indebtedness upon anything like schemes of
this sort."
Mr. HAMLIN. It is not my purpose to
speak on this question at all, but being upon
my feet I will announce that I am entirely
opposed to the bill, and I am in favor of the
amendment. The Senator from New York
tvho sits behind me [Mr. Fenton] has been
called from the Chamber, and I have agreed
to pair with him. If be were present when
the vote was taken he would vote against the
amendment, and I should vote for it. When
the question shall be taken upon the bill he
would vote for it, and I should vote against it.
He being absent, I will withhold my vote.
Mr. THURMAN. What is the amendment
now pending?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Peiiry,
of Michigan.) The amendment offered by the
Senator from "Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] to the
amendment which has been agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. Let the whole thing be
reported.
The Chief Clerk. The amendment which
lias been agreed to is as follows:
That before any part of said subscription shall be
paid, the Governor and the Board of Public Work*,
acting separately, shall be satisfied that said rail-
road will be completed and used to a point on the
Potomac river opposite the city of Washington or
Georgetown by the aid of said subscription.
It is proposed to add to that the following :
And for the money so paid upon its subscription
the District of Columbia shall have and hold a first
lien upon all the franchises and property of said
corporation, which shall be so enforced.
Mr. THURMAN. What became, I should
like to ask some one. of the amendment that
was offered, that before this subscription of
$000,000 should be made there should be an
equal amount subscribed and paid by individ-
uals? Was it all voted down?
Mr. CONKLING. That was adopted in
another form. A substitute was adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Nevada was amend-
ed by the Senator from Georgia, and when
that was adopted the Senator from Vermont
offered an amendment which is now the pend-
ing amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask the indulgence of
the Senate to have that amendment, the one
requiring individual subscriptions, read.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understood
that the amendment of the Senator from Geor-
gia was offered as a substitute for that.
Mr. HILL. That is correct.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 should like to know
how the bill stands on that point.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read first the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Nevada, and then the substitute
adopted by the Senate offered by the Senator
from Georgia, and then the amendment to
that substitute offered by the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to know exactly
how it stands as agreed to, either by those who
have the bill in charge, or by a vote of the
Senate.
Mr. HILL. I will make one remark t,o the
Senator from Ohio; and that is, that upon pre-
senting the substitute I offered the Senator
from Nevada withdrew his amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. I 'want to know how the
bill stands.
Mr. HILL. The better way, then, perhaps,
would be to read the whole bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will read the bill as it now stands as
amended by the Senate, with the amendment
proposed by-the Senator from Vermont.
The Chief Clerk. The bill, as amended,
reads as follows :
Be it enacted, &c„ That the act of the Legislative
Assembly of the District of Columbia entitled " An
act to authorize a subscription to the stock of the
Piedmont and Potomac Railroad Company upon
certain conditions" be, and the same is hereby,
approved and sanctioned: Provided, That before
any part of the said subscription shall'be paid the
Governor and the Board of Public Works, acting
separately, shall be satisfied that said railroad will
be completed and used to a point on the Potomac
river, opposite the city of Washington or George-
town, by the aid of said subscription.
_ It is proposed to add at the end of the pro-
viso the following:
And for the money so paid upon its subscription
the District of Columbia shall have and hold a first
Hen upon all the franchises and property of said
corporation, which shall bo so enforced.
Mr. THURMAN. Why, Mr. President, the
amendment which I refer to has not been put
upon the bill at all. I thought there was an
amendment offered that this money should
not be paid by the District of Columbia until
individuals had subscribed and paid an equal
amount.
Mr. CONKLING. I will tell the Senator
what became of that amendment. The Sen-
ator from Georgia offered an amendment in
the nature of a substitute, which was adopted.
Thereupon we lost sight of the amendment
which the Senator is now inquiring after.
Mr. HILL. I will say to the Senator from
Ohio that the substitute is much more com-
prehensive and the guarantee much stronger
than the other amendment, and that is the
reason I offered it.
Mr. THURMAN, Where is it? It is not
in the bill as read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will observe to the Senator that when the
substitute of the Senator from Georgia was
adopted, it took the place of the amendment
offered by the Senator from Nevada, and that
substitute was read, following the original bill,
as well as the amendment to that substitute
now pending.
Mr. THURMAN. The only thing that I
heard there from the reading of the Clerk was
that the Governor and Board of Public Works
are to be satisfied that the road can be made
to some point on thePotomac opposite George-
town or the city of Washington. I would not
give the paper on which it is written for any
such provision. To be sure they will be satis-
fied. Who doubts that they wili be satisfied?
If they were not satisfied they would easily
enough have defeated the vote for this sub-
scription. That is no substitute for the propo-
sition which was offered that before the money
of the people of this District shall be paid to
the construction of that railroad, capitalists
shall show their confidence in it by subscribing
and paying an equal amount. It is a mere
delusion.
Mr. HILL. If the Senator will allow me
one word, I am very willing that that amend-
ment shall be offered, and if it shall be offered
I will vote for it.
Mr. STEWART. I will move the amend-
ment of my colleague, to come in just previous
to the proviso of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. THURMAN. That is right.
Mr. HILL. I have no objection in the world.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be read to see how
it will stand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
cannot entertain the proposition now. There
is an amendment to an amendment pending.
The Chair will entertain it as soon as the
amendment to the amendment is disposed of.
Mr. THURMAN. After that is disposed
of, will this amendment be in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be.
Mr. NYE. If I understand the Chair cor-
rectly, he stated that I withdrew my amend-
ment upon the introduction of the amendment
of the Senator from Georgia. I did not un-
derstand myself so. I told him that I had no
objection to his additional amendment going
on.
Mr. STEWART. We want both.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
Mr. NYE. The Senator from Vermont,
Mr. Edmunds, came to me and stated that
he had a call which took him home to his house,
and wanted me to pair with him, which I
agreed to do. He would vote for this amend-
ment and I should vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 22 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Caldwell,
Cole, Conkling, Crngin. Perry of Michigan, Freling-
huysen, llarlan, Howe, Morrill of Maine, Morrill
of Vermont, Osborn, Pratt, Scott, Spencer, and
Wright—18.
N A YS—Messrs. Boreman, Casserly, Cooper, Cor-
bett, Davis of West Virginia, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hill, Hitchcock, Kelly, Lewis, Logan.
Norwood, Ilamsey, Sawyer, Stevenson, Stewart,
Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Vickers, and Win-
do m—22.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Blair, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clay-
ton, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of
Connecticut, Flanagan. Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Johnston, Kellogg, Morton, Nye,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Rice, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Schurz, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Trumbull,
West, and Wilson—-33.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. STEWART. I now move the amend-
ment of my colleague, to precede the amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. HILL. As that has been adopted, I
suggest to the Senator he had better let it come
in as an additional proviso. I do not care,
though, which way it is put.
Mr. STEWART. Very well; let it come
in after the Senator's amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Nevada offers an amendment, which
will be read.
Mr. LEWIS. I accept that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator cannot accept the amendment. It must
be voted on by the Senate.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to insert at the end of the proviso just
adopted the following:
And provided further. That no part of the said
subscription by said District shall be paid until at
least an equal amount subscribed by private parties
shall havo been actually paid in cash and expended
in the construction of the road.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
amend the amendment by striking out the
words "an equal" and inserting "twice the"
before the word " amount."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatamend-
ment is the same as that which was stricken
out by the substitute offered by the Senator
from Georgia, and therefore it will not be in
order now.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I move
as a substitute for this amendment the same
amendment with the words "twice the" in-
serted instead of "an equal." That will be
in order.
I desire to state that the capital of this com-
pany is limited to $4,000,000, and the amount
which they may contract is unlimited. The
stock which is subscribed for cannot be en-
forced except by the sale and forfeiture of the
stock. Therefore, there is not a single dollar
of absolute capital that can be relied upon
except this single subscription of the city of
Washington.
Now, if we are to have a road built here at
all, it will take some money to build it. Sixty
miles of railroad cannot be built short of about
two and a half million dollars over a feasible
route; but this has got to penetrate and go
through the Blue Eidge. What it wili cost to
go through there no Senator can predict.
Sir, I do not like to embark upon a busi-
ness entirely unexplored, upon a railroad that
has never been surveyed, not even located,
without having bome further and better guar-
