1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Roberts.
Ho, bf Reps.
Martin Koszta doctrine, the right of a man to
come here and make this his home and become
one of us. I do not put the right of American
citizenship simply upon oaths and papers, they
may be lost, but upon conduct and acts, and
everything that goes to make apparent his
right. And I hold that his duty is correla-
tive ; and if I found that man committing
treason, I would execute him for that crime
if guilty as quick as I would any other Ameri-
can citizen, after he bad been here for thirty
years under the circumstances I have named.
Mr. L. MYERS. Treaty or no treaty?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes,
treaty or no treaty; if he was here as an
American citizen and committed treason, I
would hang him, treaty or no treaty.
Mr.W. H. ROBERTS. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him one question?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. A ques-
tion ; yes.
Mr. W. R.ROBERTS. When Irish citizens
were imprisoned in English prisons the Amer-
ican Government, through their minister there,
refused to interfere until they could produce
their naturalization papers.
Mr. BUTLERrof Massachusetts. Do you
call that a question? [Laughter.]
Mr. W. tt. ROBERTS. Well, is not that
the fact?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It was
the fact, and an un-American doctrine it was,
too. And you are wanting to put up for the
suffrages of the American people as Pres-
ident that minister of ours who did this thing.
I am against so doing, and always shall be,
for that very act, if on no other ground.
Mr. W. It. ROBERTS. I am not aware
that the gentleman knows what I intend to do.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I speak
of those with whom the gentleman acts. The
New York World is my authority, i believe
the action of our minister in the case of the
Fenians was un-American, and ought not to
be sustained by the American people.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. The Government
sustained it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes,
Johnson's government. I have maintained,
and always shall, that we ought to have
taken a different course in regard to those
men wholly independent of the question of
naturalization papers; and I will not now
vote solemnly that the principle followed in
that ease was right. I trust that no party in
this country will ever pronounce in favor of
such doctrines of citizenship. I do not desire
our Government to put itself in the position
of sustaining such a right to our protection in
the naturalized citizen. We are now making
inquiry. The Government is trying to find
out if Dr. Houard is an American citizen. If
upon ail the evidence it should appear that he
is an American citizen, then I snail be ready
and eager to enforce all laws, all treaties, all
the rights we have against any Power on earth
in his favor and for his relief.
Revenne and American Labor—Necessity
and Growth of Home Production*
SPEECH OF HON. E. H. EOBEETS,
op new york,
In the House of Representatives,
: 30, 1872
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having under considera-
tion the bill (H. U. No. 2322) to reduce duties on
imports and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes—
Mr. E. II. ROBERTS said:
Mr. Chairman: I ask for the passage of a
bill based upon that now pending. The pres-
sure of the war debt, and the attacks upon the
national credit, have been so far met that a
reduction in the revenu'e can be conceded.
The popular demand, as well as the dictates
of sound statesmanship, places that reduction
at not less than $40,000,000. I deem it import-
ant that an act affording this relief to the
country be passed at this session.
Most of the provisions of the bill reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means rela-
ting to the internal revenue, have my app'roval.
The effort to diminish the annoyances to tax-
payers is wise, and will doubtless be success-
ful. The proposal to increase the tax on
smoking tobacco is not justified, in my opin-
ion, by the plea for uniformity. The internal
revenue system was born of the war. .It is
irksome and costly. The prudent legislator
will make haste to put an end to its burdens
and its irritations. I look forward to the day
when it shall be abolished altogether. We
surely can afford to dispense with all the stamps
now required in general business, those fleas
of our financial system. Thus we Can facili-
tate the consolidation of districts and the les-
sening of the number of officers. This part
of the bill when properly amended is of the
first moment to the country, and ought
promptly to be written on the statute-book.
Considerable reductions in customs duties
are also demanded. So far as this bill re-
duces or abolishes duties on the uecessaries or
common comforts of life which this country
does not produce ; so far as it places on the
free list articles upon which the Treasury does
not receive a sum commensurate with the cost
and the annoyance; so far as it mitigates
charges adjusted to heavy internal taxes and
the abnormal condition of civil war, it com-
mends itself to my judgment. In so far as it
singles out great industries and strikes at
them ; in so far as it fails to recognize the
right of American labor to the American
market; in so far as it adjusts duties with a
view to commerce rather than home produc
tion, I must juiu with those who ask for
amendment.
I believe amendments will be made, and
that, the committee and the House will per-
fect the bill so that it will have filially my
cordial support. At the proper time I will
cooperate in trying to make these amendments.
Let us try to cheapen comforts without
reducing the wages of American labor. Let
us make no assault on the industries which
gjive us prosperity while we lift all burdens
from them. We may if we are wise so legislate
that the reduction of taxes and duties will
be an element of genuine prosperity, and the
steady payment of the debt will be twin en-
gines bearing the nation grandly forward on the
high sea of unparalleled success.
The course of the debate thus far, and espe-
cially the remarks of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Bcrchard] on Saturday, compel
me to indicate first and chiefly why the coun-
try cannot afford to have radical changes made
affecting injuriously established interests.
MEDDLING WITH PRIVATE AFFAIRS.
Upon its face a tariff relates directly only
to customs duties, to the raising of money for
the Treasury. In reality it involves most of
the principles which concern government. It
is, as Say long ago styled political economy,
Vaffaire de tout U monde, everybody's busi-
ness. It affects directly every commercial and
industrial interest. You cannot say that you
will adjust duties only for revenue, and not
meddle with private affairs; for industries
have grown up under existing laws. You can
make no change without meddling. The re-
peal of a statute is as much interference in
private affairs as the enactment of a statute.
PRICES NOT MADE BY STATUTE.
Do not exaggerate the interference of gov-
ernment. Nature has its own laws, and crops
grow regardless of human statutes. Trade has
its laws also, and the wise ruler will give them
free scope. Prices are not made by statute,
and marketa pay little heed to law makers.
Tariffs are but one of many elements which
affect labor and production, and the conse
quent supply and demand. The tide of migra-
tion, great social and political events, lkmine
and pestilence and panic, wars and rumors
of wars, affect industry and its fruits. The
common rate of customs duty may be more
than counterbalanced by either one of these
potent influences. They are above our fore-
sight, and the mere statistician omits them
from his calculation. Wrong has been done
in holding tariffs, high or low, responsible for
influences far higher and more far-reaching
than are due to them in fact. While we have
Governments they will need money, and duties
on imports are the customary reliance, supply
universally at least a part of their revenuei
The problem is so to adjust them as" to con-
tribute to the highest advantage of the nation.
FRKB TRADE A i'URASK, NOT A FACT.
Free trade is a phrase, and cannot be a fact.
Literally, such a thing as commerce without
regulation of law and restraint of duties is
not known to civilization. The most enthusi-
astic theorist in the midst of his dreams does
not propose now to stop the collection of
duties. The most aggressive assailant of the
tariff, even the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] or the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Buuchard,] dare not propose the abolition of
the tariff, but only its modification, sometimes
exaggerating its burdens and annihilating its
benefits.
TWO THEORIES AND TWO NATIONS.
Two theories array their advocates in ap-
proaching this work. One theory magnifies
commerce, and suggests an adjustment looking
to the freest exchange between nations, and
of course to an equilibrium in their material
and industrial condition. The other theory
adopts production on the soil as its ward, and
regards it as a nation's duty to lift itself up,
to improve the condition of its own people, as
the best method of elevating all mankind, and
of developing profitable commerce.
Two great nations to-day represent these
theories. Britain represents in its financial
policy the commercial system; the United
States have throughout their history, with brief
intervals, illustrated the system of home labor.
THE WHOLE TRUTH.
The rallying cries of the factions—" protec-
tion," as interpreted by its enemies, and "free
trade"—are half truths; they serve to antago-
nize interests which are naturally akin. The
whole truth is that Government should render
both labor and trade free from unnecessary
restraint, while it owes to both full measure of .
protection. That is the true American system
toward which our legislation must tend.
COMMERCE VS. HOME PRODUCTION.
But issue is joined—commerce vs. home
production. Importers and theorists err who
force the issue and infuse bitterness into it.
Our country can have no enduring and profit-
able commerce except as it shall grow and
blossom out of its own developed resources.
We can expect to make little in exchange and
carrying unless we have something to trade
and to transport. Even the glowing words of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Burcharb]
cannot create commerce, even if he might
write the tariff, without production on the soil
as an antecedent.
COMMERCE MUST FOLLOW PRODUCTION.
Commerce for the sake of commerce is not
what we want. Mere carrying is the work of
Sisyphus. Commerce is desirable only when
it really adds value, when it brings us some-
thing better or cheaper than we could other-
wise get. It is pretended that wine is im-
