1240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 279
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Who prints
the impressions of fac similes of counterfeits?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. They are
printed at the expense of the parties publish-
ing the detector.
Mt. BROOKS, of New York. I see no
objection to the bill.
Mr. POTTER. Does this bill apply to the
national bank-note circulation, or to the Treas-
ury-note circulation, or to both ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
it applies to both.
Mr. HOLMAN. And who is to pay the
expense?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The par-
ties who publish this work pay the whole
expense.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the bill so provide?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think
the bill provides that.
Mr. POTTER. What is to prevent these
impressions from the genuine plates being used
as genuine notes?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. There is
a guard against that by a mark on every im-
pression furnished.
Mr. COBURN. Does the bill provide that
there shall be certain marks made upon these
impressions?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The bill
provides that these impressions shall be printed
under regulations to be prescribed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
Mr. COBURN. Would it not be possible
for a Secretary of the Treasury to permit these
impressions to be printed without marks, un-
less the law requires him to affix them? It
seems to mo it would be better to have a pro-
vision of law to that effect.
Mr. IIOLMAN. As the cost of this print-
ing is not positively provided for, I would move
to amend the bill by adding to it the words
''the expense of the same to be borne by said
Heath & Co.," or words to that effect.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I have
no objection to that amendment, although I
think the bill already provides that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
stamping of counterfeit notes.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, also re-
ported from the Committee on Banking and
Currency, with a recommendation that it be
passed, a bill (H. R. No. 17G3) to prevent the
circulation of counterfeit, altered, and spuri-
ous United States and national bank notes;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that any officer of a national
bank who may receive, or to whom may bo
offered in the transaction of the business of
the bank, any counterfeit United States or
national bank note, shall be authorized and
required to write or stamp plainly upon the
face of sueh note the word "counterfeit."
The second section provides that any altered
or spurious United States or national bank
note received or offered, as aforesaid, may
and shall in like manner be written upon or
stamped with the word "altered" or the word
'■'spurious," as the case may be.
Mr. POTTER. I wish to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoopek] a
question. There is nothing now, so far as I
am aware, to prevent a person to whom a coun-
terfeit note may be presented from writing
"counterfeit" across the face of it. Does
the gentleman know anything to prevent it?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. A per-
son has no right to do it. There is no law
authorizing it to be done.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is no
law requiring it.
Mr. POTTER. Does this bill require it?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It does.
Mr. POTTER. Suppose a bank officer
makes a mistake and stamps a genuine note.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then he stands
by his mistake.
Mr. COBURN. It appears to me_that this-
bill puts too much power in the hands of bank
officers. Suppose some one should present to
a bank an amount of money, and the bank
officer, thinking it counterfeit or spurious,
marks it. The money may in reality be good ;
and in that case the man's property is de-
stroyed, and destroyed by authority of law,
by a person who has no ownership in this prop-
erty and no claim upon it. This bill proposes
that when money is passed into the hands of
a bank officer he shall be authorized to take
this property of another man and brand it as
counterfeit or spurious. I think the House
ought to pause before they sanction such a
measure. These bills are in circulation, and
only the owners of them, aside from the courts
of law, are authorized to brand them as spuri-
ous.
The man who undertakes to pass counter-
feit money takes the responsibility of doing so,
and is liable to be arrested and punished by
the courts of the country. That is as far as
we ought to go in relation to this matter. A
bank officer may or may not be a good judge
of money; and it is wrong and unreasonable
to allow private individuals, without any au-
thority as officers of the Government, to do
an act of this kind. I would not approve even
a law authorizing officers of the Government
to do this. I would not authorize even an
officer of the Government—a collector or any-
body else authorized to receive money for the
Government—to stamp or brand as "spuri-
ous" money which he might consider counter-
feit. Let the owner of the bill have it back;
and if he chooses to take the responsibility of
attempting to pass counterfeit money, let the
matter go into the courts of justice and be
there examined. If a man undertakes to pass
money which is thus brauded and is afterward
indicted, the face of the note, under this bill,
would be mutilated so as not to present the
same appearance that it would have if it had
not been marked.
'The individual who presents a bank note
and has it pronounced counterfeit, and is
afterward indicted for attempting to pass
counterfeit money, has a right to have the
money in the very condition in which it was
when offered. As a matter of justice, and ac-
cording to the first principles of the common
law, no one has a right to deface that bill or
change its appearance in any respect. Let the
money in its original condition be submitted to
a court and jury, that the question of fact may
be determined whether it is spurious. The
question ought not to be determined by the
brand which some bank officers, who may not
know anything about it, may put upon it.
Mr. COX. I beg to say just one word in
explanation of this bill. The bill was very
well examined in the Committee on Banking
and Currency, of which I am a member, and
the very objections now urged by the gentle-
man were there considered.
There is no penalty upon the officer for not
doing this work of marking '' counterfeit "on
the bill. There is no punishment that can be
inflicted upon an officer for the neglect of this
duty. But in the interest of the whole body
of the people it was thought best, while coun-
terfeiting was being conducted with so much
refinement and skill throughout the country,
and to so large an extent, that men who are
experts, the tellers of the banks, should have
some authority to brand this bad circulation.
It can do no harm. Perhaps once in awhile
a good note might be thus marked, but that
note, if it be a good one, can be redeemed at
the Treasury notwithstanding it is so marked.
But the bad currency, that which is going the
rounds now, which is deceiving and defraud-
ing the people, ought to have some car-mark
or some brand upon it.
I think there can be no possible harm in
passing the bill, and the committee came to
the conclusion unanimously that a great good
might result to the people from passing it.
Mr. POTTER. I understand that it is now
the practice at the Treasury Department to
brand counterfeit Treasury notes there pre-
sented. But this bill applies to national
is s
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The bill
requires the officers of the banks to brand
counterfeit notes.
Mr. POTTER. I wish to inquire of the com-
mittee whether if a genuine note be branded
by the officer of a bank as a counterfeit an
embarrassing question might not arise as to
whether the bank really issued it?
Mr. COX. That might happen to one note
in a thousand, but it could uoi result in much
harm. The object of this bill is to guard
against the general abuse.
Mr. POTTER. Does it appear to my col-
league [Mr. Cox] that it would interfere in
any way with an action at law ?
Mr. COX. Not at all. That is entirely
under the control of the Government. They
may authorize the officers of the bank to do as
they please in the issuing and marking of the
money. I think no litigation can possibly arise
out of this measure.
Mr. STOUGHTON. At present the busi-
ness of the country is wholly carried on in
bank-note paper and in greenbacks, and I
believe the time will never come when the
business of this country will not be largely
conducted in paper money.
It is important to the public, then, that
some means should be in operation to detect
counterfeiting. This is necessary for the pro-
tection of the public. And now, sir, it seems
to me that the proposition reported by the
committee is exceedingly judicious. My own
knowledge and experience of the matter con-
firm that opinion. I?or several years we have
had in the State of Michigan a law precisely
similar to this, and its operation is good. It
simply provides that when a bad bill is pre-
sented at the counter of a bank the officers of
the bank shall stamp it as bad. And I am
informed that the same is the case in Massa-
chusetts.
Now the only possible disadvantage of the
system is, that possibly in some eases a good
bill may be branded as counterfeit. That,
however, is not likely; but, if such a case
should happen, the bill is not destroyed. And
if it is doubtful, it ought at least to be sent
back to the Treasury Department, where they
have means and instruments adapted for the
detection of counterfeits. This will do wrong
to nobody. It will stop the circulation of
doubtful money, and protect honest people, by
allowing the circulation only of bills which are
good. It seems to me that the bill ought to
Mr. MONROE. I desire, as I had the honor
of introducing this bill into the House, to say
just a word upon it. Some inquiry has been
made by gentlemen who have addressed the
House in regard to the practice at the Treasury
heretofore. I have to say upon that point that
I am informed by the Treasurer of the United
States, Treasurer Spinner, that he has already
given instructions to all those banks which act
as agents of the Government to stamp or write
the word "counterfeit" across the face of
counterfeit bills, or "altered," or " spurious,"
as the case may be. And he also informs me
that no harm whatever can -come from this
practice; that it has been a most useful one ;
that it does, indeed, once in a great while
