3928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
itive discrimination against American mechan-
ics and a premium to their foreign rivals.
It is free trade run mad. It is as impossible
for the American ship-builder to compete with
the foreigner with this discrimination against
him as it would be for any manufacturer to pay
dutyon his raw material, while at thesame time
the articles manfactured from such material
were admitted free of duty. The policy of
allowing a drawback on materials used in the
construction of ships built for the foreign trade
is precisely analogous to that which gives a
drawback on any article which is expoited
and used out of the country. Under our
present law any article manufactured ex-
clusively of foreign material and exported
receives a drawback to the amount of duty
paid, and if a vessel could be built in sections
exclusively of foreign material, and exported
out of the country for sale, the builder would
be entitled to a drawback of the amount of
the duty paid upon the material used. A
marine engine built of imported material and
exported, to be placed in a vessel in a for-
eign country, would be entitled to a drawback
ot the duty paid upon the material, but if all
the labor is performed in this country, and
the vessel all built, ready for sea, is sent to
a foreign country and sold, no drawback
whatever is allowed upon the material of
which such vessel is constructed; so that we
discriminate against American labor in that
we allow a greater advantage for the uncom-
pleted article than to the article when finished.
Machinery may be brought from a foreign
country to be repaired and reexported free
of duty. Railroad iron may be brought from
a foreign country free of duty to be rerolled
and exported.
The shipping interest, the only depressed
interest in the country is the only one upon
which our laws are made to bear oppressively.
A ship engaged in the foreign trade should be
placed upon the same footing as any manu-
factured article exported for foreign consump-
. tion, because she is used out of the country ;
' so of the stores to be used on the voyage.
Leaving entirely out, of the account the great
national importance of this interest, its value
as one of the industries of the country, its in-
timate connection with our naval defense,
simple justice to our own citizens, to a class of
American mechanics whose works have con-
tributed so much of our national prosperity
and renown, demands this much at least at
the hands of an American Congress.
One of the most important provisions of the
bill under consideration, and 10 which I desire
to call the particular attention of the House,
is that which creates the board of commis-
sioners of commerce, whose duties are analo-
gous to those of the Board of Trade of Great
Britain, and if judiciously exercised must be
productive of important results, it places the
commerce and the merchant shipping of the
country under the direct and responsible super-
vision of a department of the Government,
and gives to those great national interests an
organization and a responsible head. This
board, having charge of the whole subject,
and considering it in all its relations, and its
connection with the revenue, the postal ser-
vices, the military and naval defenses of the
country will be able to digest and present for
our consideration from time to time such rec-
ommendations as will enable us to act under-
standing^ upon measures relating to those
interests. As au illustration of the advantages
of such a board, as well as to contrast the great
interest taken by Great Britain in her mercan-
tile mat iue with the utter indifference and neg-
9 lect. with which we treat ours, I quote from a
valuable paper furnished to the committee on
the decline of commerce, by Hon. Freeman
H. Morse, our consul at London, in response
to a question put by the committee :
"Her ocean commerce is held to be one of the
great branches of national industry and sources of
wealth, and ranks with manufactures aDd agricul-
ture. It is the pride of a commercial people, and the
whole nation is united in watching over it and try-
ing to gain for it every advantage that sagacity,
wealth, talent, and mechanical skill, science, and
ample protection on every sea can command.
" The Board of Trade is a department of the Gov-
ernment, and is always in charge of able and expe-
rienced men, who have been long in its employ, and
has the commercial marine under its especial care.
Again, the consular corps of this country are gen-
erally trained men; they are selected for tbeir sup-
posed fitness for the places they are wanted to fill,
and how best to extend British trade and commerce
is made one of their chief studies. No nation is so
watchful over eveiything that affects its trade and
commerce as the English nation, and the whole
nation is reaping the benefit of this care and vigil-
ance constantly exercised in every available man-
ner."
In this connection I desire to examine a
measure which has been seriously proposed
for the revival of our commerce, namely, the
admission of foreign-built ships to American
registry. It is a significant fact that this meas-
ure is never brought forward except when a
movement is on toot to grant aid to Ameri-
can shipping. It is then thrown in by way of
amendment to defeat measures calculated to
revive that interest, and having accomplished
the object, is retired, to be used again when
occasion requires, it is the pet measure of
the representatives of foreign lines in this
country who are interested in retaining for
themselves the carrying trade, and is repu-
diated by nearly every American ship-owner
of the country as calculated to extinguish
utterly and totally every vestige of American
shipping. There has been no tune ,in the
last half century when such a policy would
prove so disastrous to our interests, none
when its adoption would be such an act
of gross injustice to our own mechanics,
as ihe present. Up to the breaking out of
the rebellion, under a policy winch admitted
only American built vessels to the privileges
of American registry, we had made the most
rapid strides as a commercial nation, and
our tonnage engaged in the foreign trade
equaled tlrat of Great Britain. American
ship builders had acquired a world-wide repu-
tation, and stood tbe acknowledged superiors
of all others in the science of naval aichitec
ture. At that time this was the only branch of
industry in which we could compete success-
fully with foreign countries, and in this by
their own acknowledgment we excelled them.
Crushed out by a war which had operated
to stimulate and benefit ail other branches of
American industry, this interest has during the
last six years appealed to Congress, asking only
the small pittance of free material to enable
it to overcome some of the disadvantages under
which it labored. Year alter year this mod-
est and reasonable demand has been denied,
and denied by those who express a readiness
to admit to American registry foreign-built
ships fiee.
The advocates of free ships upon this floor
are those who have steadily and persistently
voted against admitting ship-building material
free. The only coudi' ion upon which gentle-
men whofavorthis policy will consentto admit
ship-building material free is that is shall be
worked up into the vessel in a foreign country.
These gentlemen appear to have a particular
prejudice against au American mechanic, and
take every opportunity to discriminate against
him.
it is said by those who urge this policy that
it has been adopted generally by the nations
of Europe. That is no doubt tiue, but under
entirely different circumstances from those
existing with reference to our condition at the
present time. It was adopted by Great Britain
after she had foi centuries excluded loreign-
built ships, and thus placed herself in a posi-
tion where it was supposed she could main-
tain herself against the world, and at a time
when, by its adoption, she could gain more
than she could possibly lose. France, Ger-
many, and some other nations which have
adopted this same policy, have cheap labor,
cheap material, and cheap money; but not
having the mechanical skill to build their own
vessels, have purchased to obtain models from
which to build up a mercantile navy of their
own. We have no such conditions and no
such necessities.
Our policy with regard to the shipping of
the country was adopted at the foundation of
the Government, and under whatever changes
of administration or of policy with regard to
other interests has been steadily adhered to.
Under it we attained to the position of a first-
class maritime Power. YV hy should we, until
recently the first maritime Power of the world,
abandon a policy which placed us in that posi
tion, and, following the lead of countries which
never have been and never can be great mari-
time nations, purchase our vessels of that
nation which has been, and is to be, our com-
mercial rival; the nation which destroyed our
shipping and our commerce for the purpose
of reducing us to that condition of dependence
which some gentlemen seem so willing to
accept.
The slightest examination of the subject
must, I think, convince any one who can com-
prehend it that we cannot compete with Great
Britain in the carrying trade if we become
dependent upon her for the construction of
our vessels. By this policy we could not
increase our shipping but would lose not only
our foreign but our coastwise carrying trade,
and in ease of a foreign war we should not
only find ourselves without a Navy, but with-
out the means to build or maintain one.
We should bear in mind that in this coun-
try. and to a considerable extent in Great
Britain and her colonies, vessels are built,
owned, and run by a combination of interests,
which includes those who supply the material,
the mechanics and builders, the furnishers of
supplies and outfits, the commission mer-
chants, the master, and other officers. It is
an investment of labor and material to a con-
siderable degree, and not of money, that pro-
duces vessels. Now, when we undertake to
purchase our vessels in a foreign country we
lose all this combination of interests, and
are compelled to make a clean investment
of cash capiial. Those of whom we purchase
are themselves building vessels by this com-
bination of interests to be run in competition
wiih those built for us. They have the advan-
tage of obtaining their own vessels at the
actual cost of production with cheap capital;
the advantage of improvement's in models
and of the profits derived from building our
vessels.
How is it possible for us to compete with
the ship-builder and ship-owner of Great Brit-
ain with cash capital which costs us three or
four per cent, more than it costs them, giving
them all the profits of building our vessels,
and all the other advantages to which I have
referred, when the same lines upon which we
are to place our vessels are as open and free
to them as to us? The proposition is a busi-
ness absurdity. The result of this policy
il adopted would inevitably be that only au
agent's interest m such foreign-built vessels
would be owned in this country; just suffi-
cient to prosecute the business here success-
fully and give such color of ownership as to
secure the privileges of our flag. Foreign
vessels once admitted to American registry
for the foreign trade would soon be admitted
to the coastwise trade also, for there is no
argument that can be urged in favor oT one
that does not apply with equal force to both.
An American vessel could not long be ex-
cluded trom the coastwise trade of the Uni-
ted States.
Under this policy we should have no real
American shipping, but foreign shipping under
the American flag, which at the first s>gu ot'
danger, the first cloutl of war, would be trans-
ferred to the protection of the most convenient
neutral or quasi neutral flag; thus enjoying
our privileges in peace to desert us in war.
We should be left without the mechanical
