344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
which, this House is to be primarily advised
of the result of an election for Congress in the
State of Texas, are respectively designated
and defined in the twenty-third section of the
Texas aet of August 15, 1870, of the tenor
following:
" Sec. 23. That as soon as possible after the expi-
ration of the time of making the returns of the
election for Representative in Congress, a certificate
of the returns for such Representative shall be en-
tered on record by the secretary of State, and signed
by the Governor, and a copy thereof subscribed by
said officers, shall be delivered to the person so
elected, and another copy transmitted to the House
of Representatives of the Congress of the United
States, directed to the clerk thereof."
This act in extenso is somewhat voluminous,
consisting of sixty sections, covering a multi-
plicity of details mainly local and police in
their nature and operation, but, I submit, in no
sense relevant, certainly not "material to the
proper adjudication of the purely technical
question of prima facie title, under the con-
sideration of the committee and the House.
The foregoing quotations of Texas law being
ascertained, as of the premises underlying the
question involved, the farther investigation of
the record before the committee and the House
discloses the following state of uncontroverted
fact: in pursuance of the joint resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Texas, approved
May 2, 1871, and of the proclamation of the
Governor, an election was held on the 3d, 4th,
5th, and 6th days of October, A. D. 1871, in
the third district, and in each and every county
thereof, for Representative in the Forty-Second
Congress.
The third district is composed of the twenty-
three counties named as follows: Austin,
Bosque, Brazoria, Brazos, Burleson, Falls,
Fort Bend, Freestone, Galveston, Grimes, Har-
ris, Hill, Leon, Limestone, Madison, Mata-
gorda, McLennan, Milam, Montgomery, Na-
varro, Robertson, Walker, and Washington.
The candidates voted for throughout the dis-
trict were Messrs. W. T.Clarke, D. C. Giddings,
and L. W. Stevenson.
By an authenticated copy of the returns of
record in the office of secretary of State of the
State of Texas, as attested by Edward J. Davis,
Governor, and J. E. Oldright, acting secretary
of State, and unimpeached and uncontradicted
by either of the claimants, it is established
that the election returns were duly made and
recorded from each and every county in the
district, and by the returns so made, recorded,
and attested the vote in the district stands as
follows:
Clarke. Giddings.
Austin  1,322 1,348
Bosque      77 457
Brazoria  850 386
Brazos  1,050 1,233
Burleson  478 899
Falls   960 831
Port Bend  1,207 345
Freestone  780 1 147
Galveston    304 1 6y3
Grimes   1,698 1,293
Morris  2,033 1,621
Hill  455 649
Leon  598 1,027
Limestone  28 1153
Madison  m 4?9
Matagorda  304 151
McLennan  1,102 1,520
Milam   299 976
Montgomery  543 596
Navarro    981 1,000
Robertson  1,144 1,373
Walker  720
Washington    2,535. 110
20,067 21,087
It will "be borne in mind that by the twenty-
third section of the Texas act" of the 15th
August, 1870, the Governor and the secretary
of State are the persons, and a copy of the
certificate of returns, entered of record in the
office of the secretary of State composes
the means by which this House and the Clerk
thereof are to be primarily advised of the
result of congressional elections in the State
of Texas, and upon this evidence, the only
proper evidence in the case, I submit that
it is patent that D. C. Giddings received the
greatest number of votes cast, and a clear
majority of 1,070 votes over W. T. Clarke.
If there was nothing referred to the com-
mittee in this case and nothing before the
House but that authenticated copy of the re-
turns of record in the office of the secretary
of State of the State of Texas, conformed as
it substantially is to the rule fixed by the
State law, whereby primarily to ascertain the
•prima facie title to a seat in this House by a
claimant from that State, then a candid mind
would be at a loss to discover anything for con-
troversy in the record submitted to the com-
mittee and now under the consideration of
the House, and our task would be of easy solu-
tion.
But whatever may be the opinion of the
House as to whether that comprehends all
which it is material or proper to be consid-
ered in the pending question, his Excellency
Edward J. Davis, the Governor of Texas, has
acted upon the opinion that the returns as
certified of record are wholly immaterial and
inconclusive, and that the true test to the right
to the seat in this House is not in the number
of votes counted at the polls and returned by
the judges of election and of record in -the
office of the secretary of State, but in the votes
arbitrarily counted or rejected by him in his
office at the city of Austin, forty days after
the final event of the election.
If the Governor is right, then the twenty-
third section of the Texas act of August 15,
1870, is a nullity, and the Governor is the sole
arbiter of all prima facie title to a seat in this
House, and he may manipulate, mutilate, or
garble the returns of the judges of election
and the records of the secretary of State, an-
nul the ballot, stifle the voter, disfranchise the
people, and at will make and unmake Repre-
sentatives upon this floor.
The position of the Governor is of the
utmost gravity, and should receive the consid-
eration due it. This measure of consideration
I have endeavored to give it, and 1 am recalled
from the fruitless investigation by the non-
existence of any law or usage, Federal or
State, local or general, which gives even color,
far less authority, to his doctrine. Anomalous
cases have arisen in this country, and within
the jurisdiction of this House, where Govern-
ors of States under State laws more or less
exceptional, investing them with judicial or
quasi judicial authority, have refused certifi-
cates, revoked certificates, and issued alias
certificates upon affidavits and proof commun-
icated to the House by the Governor. But
where the State law, constituting the Gov-
ernor a mere ministerial agent to certify the
recorded returns of election, is clear, com-
plete, and positive, as in the Texas statute, no
well-considered case has been found adjudging
right in the Governor to usurp judicial func-
tions, arbitrarily purge the polls, and count in
and count out votes, not to make his certificate
fit the returns of election, but to make the
election returns fit the certificate which, right
or wrong, he may have predetermined to give.
If any such precedent has ever ariseu, it
could only have had its rise in times of revolu-
tion and alarm, amid scenes of social convul-
sion, when the reason of the law was paralyzed
by the clash of arms and the pestilence of in-
novation. And now, at a time when the whole
horizon of political morality should be clearing
up, and the convalescence of public order uni-
versally fostered, the honor and safety of the
country require that such ill-omened precedent,
if such there be. should have over it cast the
charitable but inexorable mantle of oblivion.
The House will not fail to observe by inspect-
ing the paper referred to the committee, that
in the sworn and certified returus of the third
district the Governor rejects the votes from the
county of Brazos, 1,050 for Clarke, 1,233 for
Giddings: also, the votes from the county of
Bosque, 77 for Clarke, 457 for Giddings; also,
the votes from the county of Freestone, 780
for Clarke, 1,147 for Giddings; also, the votes
from the county of Limestone, 28 for Clarke,
1,153 for Giddings:
Total rejection of Clarke's votes  1,935
Total rejection of Giddings's votes 3,900
Now, the doctrine is well settled that every
voter, admitted by theregular officers author-
ized to decide the question at the polls, must be
considered legally qualified until the contrary
be affirmatively proven. (Botts vs. J ones, 2
Election Cases, p. 73.) Prima facie it is to
be taken that none but the votes of qualified
voters have been received by officers whose
sworn duty it is to reject all others. This prin-
ciple has been unanimously affirmed by a com-
mittee of this House as a basis of future action.
(New Jersey case, 2 Election Cases, p. 24.)
That fraud is never to be presumed, is a
maxim, not only of law, but of common sense.
Not only the legfd presumption, therefore,which
is ever against the existence of fraud, and in
support of the existence of the acts of public
functionaries, but that stronger presumption
which arises from the oaths of public agents,
actingin view of the most stringent obligations,
must be considered as supporting the return
of the officers of election. (Littelles. Rcbbins,
2 Election Cases, p. 141.)
In Switzler vs. Anderson, (Digest Election
Cases, p. 374,) the secretary of State who, by
the law of Missouri, was to open the returns
and cast up the votes given for members of
Congress, refused to open and cast up the votes
given in the county of Calloway, upon the
ground that there had not been a proper regis-
tration in that county, but opened and cast up
the votes given in the other counties in the
district; and as Anderson held a majority of
the votes given in those counties, the secre-
tary of State gave Anderson the "certificate of
electionT And in view of this state of facts
the Committee of Elections and the House, in
the report made by the learned gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Poland,} judicially reaffirmed
and applied the rule which is to govern this
class of cases in the following terms:
" The law is entirely settled that statute certifying
officers can only make their certificates evidence of
the facts which the statute requires them to certify;
that when they undertake to go beyond this, and
certify other facts, they are unofficial and no more
evidence than the statement of any unofficial per-
son.'' * * * * "The case is equally clear
that the secretary of State had no legal power to go
behind the returns that were certified to him by the
county clerks of the votes in their respective coun-
ties, or behind the returns of the registration offi-
cers. He wa3 a mere canvassing officer, to open and
count the votes that upon the face of the returns ap-
peared to have been regularly cast. The committee,
therefore, regard the action of the secretary of State
in rejecting the vote of Calloway county as wholly
illegal and unauthorized, and that he should have
counted the votes of that county, and have given
the certificate of election to Switzler, the contestant,
so that the position of the parties to this contest
should have been reversed."
Confessedly upon mere hearsay proof the
Governor, under the head of " remarks," set
opposite the figures of the vote in those re-
spective counties in the certified statement of
the record of returns, alleged, by way of com-
punctious self-justification of his extraordinary
rejection of those votes, various irregularities
and disorders, all of which are traversed by
Giddings, and no proof pro or con admissible
under the order of reference to the committee.
But it is nowhere pretended that any of these
"remarks," allegations, or charges were con-
tained in or countenanced by the returns of
the judges of election as entered of record in
the office of the secretary of State and copied
therefrom. I therefore submit that the com-
mittee and the House should refuse to con-
sider them, upon the ground that they are ex
parte, controverted statements, mere allega-
tions, in the nature of accusations, unaccom-
panied by proof of any sort, unofficial, and
hence in no way conducive to the solution of
the pending question, however important they
might become upon a hearing upon the merits.
Until disproved, the returns of the county
officers who conducted the election, ought to
be respected as prima facie evidence of the
legality of the proceedings. It was so settled
