3032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
meucing in line nine, on page 6, down to and
including the word "thereof, " in line fifteen,
aud in lieu thereof inserting:
And the Postmaster .General is hereby authorized
to contract with the lowest bidder, after sixty days'
public notice, for a term of ten years from nnd after
the 1st day of October, 1873, for the conveyance of
an additional monthly mail on the said route, at a
compensation not. to excecd the rate per voyage now
paid under the exiting contracts, and upon the
same conditions and limitations as prescribed by
existing acts of Congre?>s in reference thereto and
the respective contracts made in pursuance thereof.
And the contractors under the provisions of this
section shall he required to carry the United States
mails during the existence of their contracts, with-
out any additional charge, on all the steamers they
may run upon said line or any part of it, or any
branch or extension thereof.
Mr. BOKEMAN. The question is on sub-
stituting this which has just been read for the
report of the committee, as I understand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Precisely.
It is an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CASSERLY. T do not know whether
it was inadvertent or intended, but I ask the
Senator from Minnesota who has charge of
this bill whether he intends to letain lines
twenty-one to twenty-four on page 7?
Mr. VV1NDOM. I shall follow the present
amendment by one striking those lines out.
Mr, CASSERLY. That will make that part
of it right.
Mr. WINDOM. The amendment offered by
myself is with the concurrence of the commit-
tee. Those in favor of the service will vote
"ay."
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether this is in fact a substitute for the
printed amendment reported by the commit-
tee with the bill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. So far as it
goes, the Chair understand* that it, is. The
question is on the amendment to the amend-
ment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have no speech to make.
I wish simply to say now that the amendment
as it stands makes a semi-monthly service for
three years and three months only, and extends
the service of the present contract for six
years and nine months.
Mr. WJNDOM. The Senator, I think, is
mistaken.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, I am not mistaken.
This contract only takes effect from the 1st of
October, 1873. Under the law asit now stands
the present contract expires on the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1877. The law under which the present
contract was made provides—
"That anycontract which the Postmaster General
may execute under authority of this act shall go
into effect on or before the 1st day of January, 18G7,
and shall continue ten years."
So that it expires on the 1st of January,
1877.
Mr. WINDOM. My understanding is that
this provision does not affect the existing eon-,
tract at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is what I mean.
The contract under this amendment only com-
mences on the 1st of October, 1873.
Mr. WINDOM. And runs ten years.
Mr. SHERMAN. Consequently from the
1st of October, 1873, to the 1st of January,
1877, there is a semi-monthly service, and
after that a monthly service, so that the in-
creased subsidy granted is for three years and
three months.
Mr. WINDOM. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I am perfectly
willing to vote for that increased subsidy. I
think myself the time, 1st of October, 1873, is
postponed too long. It ought to be January 1,
1873. But I will not move any amendment.
Mr. WINDOM. I think the service can be
secured earlier.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Government of the
United States will then be at liberty at the end
of the present contract to continue or discon-
tinue the semi-monthly service.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to renew the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton,] to come in
after the, word " construction," at the end
of line seventeen, on page 7, as follows:
And shall be so constructed as to be readily
adapted to rhe armed naval service of the United
Slates in time of war, and before acceptance the
officers by whom they are inspected shall report
to the Secretary of the Navy and the Postmaster
General whether this condition has been complied
with.
The object of the amendment was explained
by the Senator from New Jersey. It is sim-
ply to provide that these vessels shall be capa-
ble of carrying guns whenever required ; shall
be ready for conversion into war vessels. I
will say that during the war those engaged in
the China trade did carry large guns. I think
it is a, very proper amendment, and I hope it
will be adopted.
Mr. STEVENSON. May I ask the Sena-
tor from Minnesota whether they are to be iron
or wooden vessels ?
Mr. WINDOM. They are iron steamers,
as I understand.
Mr. OORBETT. I think not.
Mr. WINDOM. The Senator from Cali-
fornia can answer better than I can.
Mr. CORBEfT. They are wooden ships;
and those that are to be constructed hereafter
I suppose are to be of the same class, because
the Pacific ocean is not adapted to iron ves-
sels. It fouls the bottoms so that iron vessels
cannot be used with the same facility as
wooden vessels.
Mr. STEVENSON. My information is that
the Navy Department now are looking alto-
gether to iron steamers. The chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs will correct me
if I am mistaken, but as far as i have heard,
and as far as I am informed, wooden vessels
have been condemned. There may be a ques-
tion as to whether we shall have wooden ves-
sels which shall be iron clad or whether we
shall have iron steamers. I should like this
amendment to designate whether the steamers
are to be iron-clad vessels or iron vessels
themselves. Do 1 understand the Senator
from Oregon to say that you cannot use wooden
vessels which are iron clad in the Pacific, or
is it the iron vessels alone that cannot be
used ?
Mr. CORBETT. I have no doubt these
vessels could be iron clad if necessary for war
purposes; but if used as merchantmen they
would not be iron clad until the necessity for
their being iron clad arose. I suppose that
they would not be made so until it was neces-
sary for war uses.
Mr. MORION. I desire to say just one
word. The effect of the amendment as modi-
fied by the amendment offered by the Senator
from Minnesota is this: that for three years
and three months after this contract is made
there shall be a subsidy of $1,000,000 per
annum for this service; that after that for six
years and nine months there shall be a subsidy
of $500,000 per annum. This is made in favor
of a company that without any subsidy has
resolved to put on the additional semi monthly
service anyhow.
Mr. WINDOM. That is a mistake.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Iowa
said the statement had been read from the
desk here, though I did not hear it, and that
the notice was afterward withdrawn by order
of the board, and the Senator from Iowa sug-
gests the reason for that. It was withdrawn
lor the purpose of getting the subsidy. I want
to say that my information is that the business
of this company is prosperous, that they have
made money, and tha,t they can put on this
additional service without any subsidy, aud
we are voting it without any evidence, with-
out the slightest proof that it is necessary
in order to procurc the additional service and
in order to sustain the interests of commerce.
We are acting without evidence, or rather we
are acting in the face of evidence, for all the
evidence on the subject is that this company
can put on this additional service without this
subsidy, and that their interests require them
to do so.
Now, sir, so far as the political effect of this
immense subsidy is concerned it is just the
same whether the million subsidy is to last for
three years and three months, or for five years,
or for ten years. We are furnishing—and I
speak plainly for we all understand it—we are
furnishing this immense capital to our political
enemies in the coming canvass without evi-
dence of its necessity for commercial or postal
purposes, or rather in the face of the evidence
that there is no necessity for it. For one, I
raise my voice against it.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from Indiana is
trying to furnish the enemies of the party with
material to be used against the party in the
next campaign, without, in my opinion, hav-
ing any foundation for the allegations that he
makes. I am not acquainted with the affairs
of this company; I never had a business trans-
action with them of any kind in the world
further than to buy my tickers on their lines;
but I am informed by those whom I believe
that they will not put on this additional service
unless they have the encouragement of the
Government. If the Senator has information
upon which he makes his allegation, why
does he not bring it forward rather than at-
tempt to find fault or give arguments to our
enemies ?
Mr. MORTON. Did not the board of the
company resolve so, and according to the
statement of the Senator from Minnesota
afterward take it back?
Mr. COLE. I have seen here a letter—I
do not know who wrote it, but it purports to
have been written by a former president of
that company. The order that was contained
in that has been revoked, and so far and so
effectually revoked, as it was stated by my
colleague on the committee, and I have no
doubt upon information, that, it resulted jn a
revolution of the organization of the company.
The Senator from Iowa, in my opinion, drew
upon his imagination alone in the statement
that he made that there might have been a
sinister motive for this proceeding. I state,
in opposition to that, that there was a revolu-
tion, so to speak, in the company by which
new officers were created in consequence of
that order which was issued, they seeing that
they could not carry out that order.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, as stated
by the honorable Senator from Ohio, this has
become a very innocent amendment; but let us
see how much additional tax this will be to the
Treasury of the United States. He says that
if this amendment should pass the contract
will not take effect until October, 1873, and
will overlap the existing contract only three aud
a quarter years ; that during that period the
Government will have to pay $1,000,000 a year,
and afterward but $500,000 ; and he keeps out
of sight the fact that this new contract will ex-
tend the subsidy of $500,000 seven years after
the termination of the existing contract. Now,
let us see how this will foot up :
Begining with October, 1873:
Three and a quarter years at $1,000,000 per
annum   $3,250,000
si,x.;,l".'1.,tllree quarter succeeding years at
$500,000 per annum  3,375,000
Aggregate $6,625,000
Deduct  1.750.000
Increase by the amendment $4,875,000
This is the innocent little proposition that
is advocated by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance! You propose to extend
the contract nearly seven years at $500,000
