1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3929
skill to build, or the ships and seamen with
which to reenforce our Navy iu time of need.
What advantage would it be to us as a
nation to send our cash capital to Europe to
be invested in vessels the earnings of which
would only be returned to us in the shape of
dividends upon the investment? I am un-
able to see wherein there is any greater advan-
tage to be derived from an investment iu ship-
ping in a foreign country under such circum-
stances than from an investment in railways
in the same country? No nation ever has,
and no nation ever can become a respectable
maritime Power, which does not build upon
its own soil the vessels which are to carry its
flag—whose shipping does not, spring from
roots implanted in its own soil. Pass a bill
to-day admitting foreign vessels_ to American
registry, and in six months our flag would
cover more tonnage than ever before, while
we should add next to nothing to real Ameri-
can tonnage. This shipping would flow in
and crowd out American tonnage, and make
it impossible to revive ship-building in the
United States, and would destroy not only
American ship building, but would ruin Ameri-
can ship-owners.
I do not expect that the bill offered by me,
or indeed auy bill which we can pass, will
accomplish all that is desired. 1 offer it,
believing it to be the most that will probably
be granted at the present time, while it is the
least that can be accepted as of any value
whatever. If we are not ready to grant this
much aid, then we may as well abandon all
attempts to restore our shipping and retire
from the field.
1 am satisfied that small as is the aid afforded
by the bill, it would be sufficient to encourage
the revival of shipping; revive the droop-
ing hopes of our ship owners, and tend to in-
crease largely our tonnage for the foreign car-
rying trade. Such is the neaily unanimous
testimony of the ship-builders and ship-owners
of the country. It is the measure which, with
great unanimity, they have recommended and
urged as necessary to enable them to compete
with foreigners in the same business. They
would still have to overcome the advantages
of cheap capital and cheap labor possessed by
their foreign rivals, but those advantages are
no greater now than they were before the war,
and which were then overcome. We have
now the same elements of success iu this field
of enterprise that we then possessed.
It is of more importance that we rebuild our
merchant marine upon a sure and firm founda-
tion than that we rebuild it rapidly. It is only
twelve years since committees of the Parlia-
ment of Great Britain were investigating the
cause of the depressed condition of their ship-
ping interests, and the opinions of English ship-
owners were freely expressed that they could
not compete with American ships in the carry-
ing trade of the world ; that we surpassed them
in the models and sailing qualities of our ships ;
that we were building better and cheaper
ships and were sailing them cheaper, making
quicker passages, and employing less men,
and were crowding them so that they declared
they could not compete with Americans in
the freighting business. Such was then the
testimony of their largest ship-owners and
merchants. At that time we imported our iron
from England, Sweden, and Russia, our hemp
from Russia, our manila from the East Indies,
and took our woods from the forests of the
South and shipped them to the North, where
our vessels were principally built. Nearly
everything paid transportation to the place
where we built our ships. We paid higher
wages to our mechanics and to our seamen.
The advantages we had were in consequence
of our superior skill in naval architecture and
the greater enterprise of our people. The dif-
ference between our people and the people of
European countries was well expressed by
Mr. Dunbar, one of the largest ship-owners
of Great Britain, in his testimony before one
of the committees of .Parliament to which I
have referred. In response to the question,
''Why do you consider that we cannot com-
pete with foreign ship-owners," he said:
"We have got into a very different way. We are
an old nation, and have old habits, and our sail-
ors and every one have acquired those habits. The
Americans are a new nation, and go more heartily
and willingly to work than we do. For instance, an
American will sail his ship with searoely tnore than
one half the hands that I can do, and I do not know
any law that pan alter that.
"Then it comes to this, that in your opinion we
cannot compete with foreign nations?
"lam satisfied of it. The very fact that I told
you about the sailors would show it and you must
recollect we are an old nation; we are not like
these young people rising up to-day; an old man
cannot run so fast as ayoung one.
"Consequently, if we cannot compete with other
nations, it will come to this, in your opinion, that we
must become a second-rate maritime Power?
"T firuily believe it,"
The war which commenced soon after
changed all this and gave them an advantage
which turned the scale against us. If we will
only cherish and protect this interest, instead
of crushing out what little vitality remains,
and will bide our time, our turn will come
when we will once more occupy the old van-
tage ground.
Our geographical position, which for ocean
commerce surpasses that, of any other nation,
remains unchanged. We have the same
hardy, enterprising, and adventurous popula-
tion, abundant material, inventive genius, and
mechanical skill which then enabled us to com-
pete successfully with the world. We have
only to use wisely the means that have been so
lavishly bestowed upon us by nature in order
to regain all that we have lost. We cannot,
by any legislation we may enact, hope to
restore our shipping as rapidly as we lost it,
because the vacuum created by our losses has
been supplied by our rivals. There is no
scarcity of tonnage for the business of the
world. The supply has been kept fully equal
to the demand, and the most we can expect is
to put ourselves in a position to obtain a fair
share of the natural increase, trusting to the
genius of our mechanic, the enterprise of our
merchants,, and the advantages which arise
from the constantly-recurring troubles among
European nations, to regain our lost position.
The great disadvantage under which we
labor in regard to our navigation interest is
that we place fetters on our shipping and then
send it forth on the great highway of com-
merce to compete with the shipping of other
countries, which is not only unfettered but is
backed by powerful Government aid. The
contest is toounequal foreven American enter-
prise to maintain, and the result is that we are
driven from the field. Great Britain has, at
this time, the advantage in holding possession
of the established routes of steam navigation,
and it would be difficult to compete with her
on those routes even if we could build and sail
our ships as cheaply as her merchants. There
is no doubt that we should be at a great disad-
vantage in auy attempt at competition on those
established routes. But there is a revolution
going on in ocean commerce, not only in the
character of commercial vessels, but also in the
change of commercial routes. The discovery
of the passage to India round the Gape of
Good Hope turned the channel of the India
trade from the Mediterranean and gave an
advantage to Great Britain.
The opening of the Suez canal has par-
tially restored the Mediterranean route, and
tends to center commerce again on the shores
of that sea. But a more important change still
is that caused by the extension of our bound-
aries to the Pacific coast, the rapid settling
of that coast, and the opening of communica-
tion between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans
by railways across the continent. By the
establishment of American lines of steamers
from our Pacific coast, to China, Japan, and
the islauds of the Pacific, and from our
Atlantic ports to the continent of Europe,
via the Mediterranean, the trade of southern
Europe, which now tends toward Great Brit1
ain, could be turned to the Mediterranean
ports, and thence direct to the United States,
while the trade of all the countries washed by
the waters of the Pacific would be secured
against all competition. The day is not far
distant when American enterprise will open a
ship-canal between the Atlantic aud Pacific
by way of the Isthmus, and with thgse routes
open and occupied by us the trade and com-
merce of the world are at our command.
The policy of England is to make herself
the center .of trade and commerce by the
establishment of lines to and from her ports
with all parts of the woild. She has never
encouraged the carrying tiade in British ves-
sels between foreign ports, and has never aided
in establishing lines of steamers between for-
eign countries exccpt as they served as feeders
to main lines between hersedf and those coun-
tries. Her policy is to make herself the ware-
house of the world, by drawing to Great Btiiain
the products of all countries and distributing
them. Pursuing this policy she will not occupy
any of the routes indicated, but will struggle
to maintaiu those now in her possession.
But the disadvantage under which she will
labor when the routes referred to are estab-
lished and occupied by us are too great to be
overcome. England cannot maintain her pres-
ent ascendency as a maritime Power if we
have the wisdom to improve the advantages
we possess.
But we must not lose sight of the fact that
this coming contest for commercial supremacy
is to be a struggle of nations and not of indi-
viduals. Private enterpriseand private capital,
unaided by governmental support, cannot sin-
gle-handed succeed in a contest where the
power-of a nation like Great.Britain is thrown
into the scale ag-iinst them.
Mr. SI1ELLABAItGEU obtained the Boor.
Mr. FINKELNBUliG. Before the gentle-
man proceeds I wish to inquire whether it is
intended to ask action on tlusbillthismorning?
Mr. SHELLABAttGJKR. I will answer
that, 1 do not expect lo take action on the bill
except the fii st section. [ enter a motion now
to strike out all of the bill of the committee
except the first section. Upon that section I
do beg the action of the House. I will make
a single statement which I think I cati con-
dense into five minutes. The first section
provides:
That the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary
of the Navy, the Secretary of the Interior, and the
Postmaster Genera,1 be, and hereby arc, constituted
>-i~. officio aboard of commissioners of commerce, to
be known by the name of the board of commission-
ers of commerce.
It then provides that it shall be the duty of
this board to exercise a general supervision
over the commerce, internal and external, of
the United States; that they shall collect sta-
tistics; that they shall, through the President,
make at least once a year reports to Congress
of statistics and other facts with recommend-
ations in aid of American commerce.
This proposed board is in almost precise
analogy with that great in.stiumentality of com-
merce in England called the Board of Trade,
which, as gentlemen will remember, is com-
posed mainly of members of the privy coun-
cil. Without going into the details of the
constitution of the English board, I will say-
that it is a board of leading officers of the
kingdom who, as this bill proposes with refer-
ence to certain departmental officers of our
Government, are made ex officio a board of
commerce whose duty it is everlastingly to
watch over the interests of British commerce.
This work that board has been doing for per-
haps a century or more ; aud experience has
shown it to be one of the most valuable and
potential instrumentalities in aid of commerce
that have been known to civilisation, either
ancient or modern.
Now, we propose by this bill something of
the same kind with reference to our country ;
and we wish the bill to pass at this session so
