1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21S7
register of the land office for the district
"wherein said located section may be situated,
and upon approval thereof the same shall be
noted upon the township plats in said office,
and thereafter all lands over which the said
line of road shall pass shall be sold, located,
or disposed of by the United States, subject
to such right of way so located as aforesaid;
piovided that the line of said road shall be
located within three years after the passage
of this act.
The amendment was to add to section two
of the bill the following:
And provided further. That said road shall be com-
pleted within ten years thereafter.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill-
Mr. HOLM AN. I wish to inquire the object
of the provision contained in the last section
with reference to the disposal of these lands
by the Government. I ask the Clerk to read
that section again.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. That said company shall, within six months
after the location of any section of twenty miles or
more of their said road, if the same be upon sur-
veyed land, and if upon unsurveyed land, then
within six months after the survey thereof by the
United States, file a plat of such located section,
together with proof thereof, with the register of the
land office for the district wherein said located sec-
tion may be situated, and upon approval thereof
the same shall be noted upon the township plats m
said office, and thereafter all lands over which the
said line of road shall pass shall be sold, located, or
disposed of by the United States, subject to tuoh
right of way so located as aforesaid : Provided, That
the line of said road shall be located within three
years after the passage of this act.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not understand the
object of expressly providing that after the
location of this road the lands shall be sold.
Is it meant that before that time the lands shall
not be subject to location for settlement; that
they shall only become subject to location by
homestead settlers after the location of this
road? If that is the object I object to the
provision.
Mr. SLATER. The point is simply this:
the land over which this right of way passes is
to be sold subject to the right of way. it sim-
ply provides that this right of way shall be an
incumbrance upon the land for one hundred
feet upon each side of the line of the road;
that those who may afterward make locations
for settlement shall not interfere with this right
of way.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. It grants no
land to any railroad company?
Mr. SLATER. No, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the provision means
what the genlleman from Oregon [Mr. Slater]
lias explained it to mean, I have no objection
to it, although I think the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands might well consider whether a strip
of land one hundred leet wide is not an ample
grant to any railroad company for the con-
struction of its road. I think that in the older
settled sections of the country the road-beds
seldom exceed one hundred feet in width.
Mr. SLATER. The bill follows the uniform
precedents in bills of this character. I do not
think a bill has been passed within the last ten
years for a right of way giving less than one
hundred feet on each side.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not object, although
the provision struck me as somewhat singular.
The question being taken on the passage ot
the bill, it was passed.
Mr. SLATER moved to reconsider the vote
b/which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
selma, itomk, and dalton railroad.
Mr. KETCHAM, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2I'J6)
relating to certain lands in the State of Ala-
bama ; which was read a first and second time.
The bill provides in the first section that all
the lands heretofore certified to the State of
Alabama by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, for the benefit of the railroad
from Selma to Gadsden, then known as the
Alabama and Tennessee River railroad, under
the act of Congress entitled " An act granting
public lands in alternate sections to the State
of Alabama, to aid in the construction of cer-
tain railroads," approved June 3, 1850, shall
be confirmed to the State of Alabama for the
sole use and benefit of the Selma, Rome, and
Dalton Railroad Company, the successors of
the Alabama and Tennessee River Railroad
Company.
The second section provides that the right
of way and use of a strip of land one hundred
feet in length, from the center, and on each
side of the said railroad, as the same is now
located and constructed upon and over any
lands of the United States, in the State of
Alabama, be granted to the Selma, Rome, and
Dalton Railroad Company.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope there will be some
explanation of the effect of this bill. I do not
understand whether it makes a grant of land
or confirms a grant.
Mr. KETCHAM. I will briefly explain the
provisions of the bill. In 1856, Congress granted
to the State of Alabama certain lands to aid in
the construction of railroads in that State,
which roads were designated in the act; and
among them was what is now the Selma, Rome,
and Dalton railroad. The road was to be com-
pleted within ten years from the passage of
the act. The company at once began the con-
struction of the road, and when the war com-
menced had completed one hundred and twenty
miles of the same; and the usual certificates
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office
were given. Immediately after the war, and
within the time named in the original act, de-
ducting the period of the war, the road was
completed. This bill simply confirms the ac-
tion of the Commissioner in issuing the usual
certificates for the one hundred and twenty
miles. A bill of this kind passed both branches
during the last session of Congress, but failed
to receive the approval of the President be-
cause of some neglect in the Senate. It has
the approval of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office, the Secretary of the Interior,
and the unanimous indorsement of the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands. It grants no lands
whatever. I demand the previous question.
Mr. COX. I hope the bill will be again
reported.
Mr. HAWLEY. I hope it is a shorty one.
Every bill so far has been read three times,
and in that way the time of the committee for
making reports is being exhausted.
The SPEAKER. It will take less time to
read the bill than to make objections.
The bill was again read.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the oper
ation thereof, the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. KETCHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
salt lake and colorado river railroad.
Mr. BUNNELL, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported back a bill (H. R. No.
593) to incorporate the Great Salt Lake and
Colorado River Railway Company, and to aid
i in the construction of its road, and tor the
I purpose of securing the lands along the line
i of said road to actual settlers at $2 50 per
jj acre and in quantities not exceeding one hun-
II dred and sixty acres to each settler, with an
i| amendment in the nature of a substitute.
The SPEAKER. The substitute only will
be read and treated as an original bill.
The bill (H. R. No. 2199) to incorporate the
Great Salt Lake and Colorado River Railway
Company, and to grant to said company the
right of way through the public lands of the
United States, was then received and read a
first and second time.
The bill was then read, as follows:
That Alexander E. Baldwin, W. P. C. Stebbins,
John N". Goodwin, J. J. Chapman, B. S. Gilson,
Albert Reichmann, N. B. Bryant, James W. Sim-
mons, Silas Wood, L. M. Reed, and such other
persons who shall or may bo associated with them,
and their successors, arc hereby created and erected
into a body corporate and politic, in deed and in law,
by the name, style, and title of the Great Salt Lake
and Colorado River Railway Company, and by that
name shall have perpetual succession, and shall be
able to sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded,
defend and be defended, in all courts of law and
equity within the United States, and may make and
have a common seal. And said corporation is hereby
authorized and empowered to lay out, locate, con-
struct, furnish, maintain, and enjoy a continuous
railroad and telegraph line, with the appurtenances
beginning at or near Great Salt Lake City, Utah;
thence by Utah lake, the Sevier and, Rio Virgin
rivers, to the head of navigation on the Colorado
river; and thence to a point on the boundary line be-
tween the United States and Mexico, m thedirection
of tho head of the Gulf of California, by the most eli-
gible route, to be determined by said company;
and is hereby vested with all the powers, privileges,
and immunities necessary to carry into effect the
purposes of tbis act as herein set forth. The capital
stock of said company shall consist of one hundred
and fifty thousand shaves of $100 each, which shall
ill all respects be deemed peisonal property, and
shall bo transferable in such manner as the by-laws
of said corporation shall provide. The persons here-
inbefore named are hereby appointed commission-
ers, and shall bo called the board of com mission ere
ol the Great Salt Lake and Colorado River Railway
Company, and a mujoiity shall constitute a quorum
for the transaction of business. The first ineetins
of said board of commissioners shall be held within
six months after the passage ot this act. Said board
shall organize by tho choice from its number of a
president, vice president, secretary, and treasurer,
and they shall require from said treasurer such
bonds as may be deemed proper,and may fiom time
to time inereaso tho amount thereof as they may
deem proper. The sccretaiy shall be sworn to the
faithful performance of Ins duties, and such oath
shall bo entered upon tho records of tho company,
signed by him, and the oath verified thereon. Sub-
sequent meetings of said board shall be held at the
tunes and places to which said board shall from time
to time adjourn. It shall be the dufy ot said board
of commissioners to upon books, or cause books to
bo openod, at siu'.h times and in such principal cities
or othcrplaoesm tho United States .is they or a quo-
rum of them shall determine, within sixmonthsafter
the passage ot this act, to receive subscriptions to the
capital stock of said corporation, and acash payment
of ten percent, on all subscriptions, and to receipt
therefor. So soon as five thousand shares shall m
good faith besubsenbedfor, andtendotiarspcrshare,
in cas.h, actually paid into the treasury ot the com-
pany, the president and tho secretary oi said board
of commissioners shall appoint a time and place
for the first meeting of the subscribei-3 to the stock
of said company, and shall give notice thereof m at
least one newspaper in each State in which subscrip-
tion books have been opened, at least fifteen days
previous to the dayof meeting; and such subscribers
as shall attend the meeting so called, either in person
or by lawful proxy, then and there shall elect, by
ballot, nine directors for said corporation; and in
such election each share of said capital btoek shall
entitle the owner thereof toone vote, 'ihc president
and tho secretary of the board of commissioners,
and, mease of absence or inability, any two of the
officers of said board, shall act as inspectors of said
election, and shall certify under their hands the
names of the directors elected at said meeting ; and
tho said commissioners, treasurer. and secretary
shall then deliver over to said direclorsall the prop-
erties, subscription books, and other books in their
possession, and thereupon tho duties of said com-
missioners and the officers previously appointed by
them shall cease and determine forever, 'and there-
Hirer tho stockholders shall constitute said body
politic and corporate. Annual meetmgsoi thestocK-
holders of the said corporation for the choice ot
officers and for the transaction ot business sba bo
holdeu at buch time and place, and upon such notice,
as may be prescribed by the by-laws. ...
Sec. 2. That the right ot way through the public
lands be, and the same is hereby, granted to said
Great Salt Lake and Colorado River
pany for the construction of a railroad «nd teier.iaph
i as proposed; and the right, power, and authontyib
' hereby given to said corporation to take from the
Dublie land adjacent to the line of said r"ad earth,
stone? and other material for the construction
thereof. Said way is granted to said railioad to the
extent of one hundred feet in w.dth on each side of
said railroad where it may pass thioug l the public,
domain, including all nccessuiy ground, not to ex-
ceed lorty acres ot any one statmn, tor■ station-build-
inp-j workshops, depots, mdchme-shops, switches,
side-tracks, turn-tables, end woter-statwns.
Si.0. 3. That  aid laihvuy shall bo constructed m a
