1242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
structed by the Committee on Banking and
Currency to report House bill No. 16G8, with
amendments, and ask its passage. The New
York cit.y.bunks, represented by the able chair-
man of their clearing-house committee, have
presented forcibly to us the great convenience,
economy oftime, and freedom from risk, in the
relief proposed by this bill. The financial
transactions of our country, centralizing in our
large cities, have, under the vigorous march of
the enterprise of our countrymen, grown to a
magnitude which seemsfabulous when sounded
in figures. The banking capital of the city
of New York exceeds §83,000,000: Boston,
$48,000,000; Philadelphia, $16,000,000.
These banks, managed by some of the best
financial minds of our age, and possessing the
eonfidenee of the business world, become the
depositories of the floating wealth of all the
vast business interests centralizing at these
points. Theaveragedepositiu New York banks
exceeds $200,000,000; Boston. $48,000,000;
Philadelphia, $40,000,000; and the amount
of legal-tender notes held by these banks
exceeds $70,000,000. From the report of
October 2, 1871, we find the "reserve" of
legal-tender notes held in New York banks
$59,151,314; Boston, $22,835,508; Philadel-
phia, 114,180,493; Chicago, $8,723,340;
Cincinnati, $4,687,921; St. Louis, $2,788,411;
and the total amount held in the seventeen
cities, of redemption, $134,403,829.
The colossal business of exchange resulting
from the facilities extended by batiks to their
customers in collecting checks, bills, and other
obligations imposed the necessity of an organ-
ized form of interchange of such securities
which would save labor and curtail the amount
of floating cash requisite to effect settlements
if made separately between individual banks.
This system, organized under the name of
clearing-house, was perfected by the genius
of our own countrymen, and put in operation
in the city of New York, October 11,1853, and
soon adopted by other cities. A similar inven-
tion was in operation in Lombard street in
1775, where settlements were made by cheeks
for balances on the Bank of England by means
of "transfer tickets" certified by an inspector
of their clearing-house ; but it seems a clumsy
invention compared with our own, now seek-
ing perfection in the bill presented for your
approval.
The average weekly clearings in New York
alone exceed $000,000,000, involving an aver-
age daily exchange of more than $100,000,000!
Chicago, that crippled giant of the West, rising
like a phoenix from its ashes, exhibits to the
world a weekly average of exchanges exceed-
ing $13,01)0,000. Theyearly exchanges through
the New York clearing house in 1802-03 were
$14,867,597,848 GO. The business gradually
increased in volume, so that for the year
18G8-G9 they were $37,407,028,980 55.
The vast product of all our industries, from
the green hills of the North to the cotton-
lielda of the South, from the hum of the busy
spindle in the East to the countless grain-
fields of the illimitable West, ay, all the pro-
ducts of labor, stimulated by man's real and
imagined needs, move on to the will of enter-
prise, and pours the volume of all its exchange-
able measure over the counters of our clear-
ing-houses.
The daily average of legal-tender notes car-
ried through the streets of New York by bank
messengers in effecting their exchange exceeds
four million dollars, and has exceeded that
amount each day for more than a year—the
messenger always exposed to the risk of sur-
prise and robbery, for in all our large cities
we find organized bands of professional
"snatchers and grabbers," men of great saga-
city, skill, and perseverance, who spend their
lives perfecting the arts of robbery. They
seem to be gifted by nature with powers that
would make them useful to their fellow-men if
their minds were bent to honorable pursuits,
if iu honorable occupations could accumulate
fortunes and build for themselves happy homes,
with lives free from the curse of a coward con-
science. Their eyes follow every bank mes-
senger, until it has ceased to be noted as a
startling occurrence to hear of their success to
the amount of many thousands. With the use
of these Treasury certificates the occupation of
the snatcher and grabber is at an end. Cer-
tificates made payable to the order of specified
banks, if stolen, would be of no value to the
thief.
It is our duty as legislators to throw around
society all the restraints that law will afford.
There would be little incentive for honest toil,
if by neglect of legislation we permitted others
to strip us in an hour of the gains of years of
arduous labor.
This vast sum, $4,000,000 of legal-tender
notes, often in small denominations, is counted
and recounted daily by the bank clerks in the
present mode of settlement, involving a serious
loss to our Government by the constant wear
and tear of its issues. All this loss and most
of the expense of counting will be obviated by
the use of these Treasury certificates.
Every member of civilized society is inter-
ested in the high honor of the managers and in
the secure custody of what represents values.
The labor and responsibilities of the banker
are so great that it becomes the duty of legisla-
tion to extend all safeguards of relief.
The Government, in its protection to the
citizen, has imposed upon all banks in cities of
redemption the necesity of keeping on hand,
as legal reserve, twenty-five per cent, of their
circulation and deposits. It. is due to the
rapidly increasing financial interests of our
country that we aid them in this important
measure of security and economy. I ask the
passage of this bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to move
that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to resume the consideration of the deficiency
appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER- As the gentleman from
Ohio claims the floor on a privileged motion,
the morning hour has expired, and the bill
from the Committee on Banking and Currency
goes over until the next morning hour.
TEXAS PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WHEELER, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1765) to amend
an act to incorporate the Texas Pacific Rail-
road Company; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, and ordered to be printed.
CHICAGO AND NORTHWESTERN RAILWAY.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, by
unanimous consent, reported from the Com-
mittee on the Public Lauds a bill (H. R. No.
1766) to authorize the Chicago and Northwest-
ern railway to change their projected line of
railway in the State of Michigan ; which was
read a first and second time, recommitted, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD AND TELEGRAPH IN OREGON.
Mr. SLATER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on the Public Lands
a bill (H. R. No. 17G7) granting lands to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from Great Salt Lake to Portland,
Oregon; which was read a first and second time,
recommitted and ordered to be primed, not to
be brought back by a motion to reconsider.
CAIKO AND VINCENNES RAILROAD.
Mr. CREBS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1768) granting the
Cairo and Vincennes Railroad Company the
right to build a bridge across the Big" Wabash
river; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
COMMERCE or SCHUYLKILL RIVER.
Mr. KELLEY,_by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1769) to regulate
the commerce of the river Schuylkill; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Is it in order to move to
go to business on the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman lrom Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] has claimed the floor to move
that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the (n.ion
to resume the consideration of the deficiency
appropriation hill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am willing
that, if gentlemen desire it, a litile time should
be spent in the consideration of business on
the Speaker's table.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move, then, that the
House proceed to the consideration of busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE ACROSS MISSOURI RIVER.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
383) to authorize the construction of a bridge
across the Missouri river at or near St. Joseph,
Missouri.
The amendments were read, as follows :
On pago 2, lino nineteen, strike out "two hun-
dred" and insert "one hundred and sixty."
At the end of the bill add the following as a new
section:
Sec. 5. Andbe it further enacted, That the St. Joseph
Bridge-Building Company, after the passage of this
act, shall not have the right to assign the charter
which said company now holds by assignment l'rom
the St. Joseph and Denver City Railroad Company,
and which was granted to said last-named company
by virtue of an act of Congress approved July 14,
1870, to any other company, person or persons; nor
shall said bridge-building company be permitted,
under the said charter so obtained as aforesaid from
the St. Joseph and Denver City Railroad Company,
to construct any other bridge than the one now
being constructed at St. Joseph, Missouri.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment
was concurred in; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE ACROSS ARKANSAS RIVER.
The SPEAKER. The next business on the
table is a request by the Senate for a confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of- the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 245) amendatory
of the act authorizing the construction of a
bridge across the Arkansas river. At the
spring session, the first session of this Con-
gress, there was a disagreeing vote between
the two Houses on this bill. The Senate now
ask a conference.
The question being put on granting the con-
ference asked by the Senate, it was agreed to.
INTERNAL TAXES.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 1330) to amend the
thirty second section of an act entitled "An
act to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 14, 1870, with a Senate
amendment.
The amendment was as follows :
1( On page 1, line seventeen, strike out the words,
or with his consent fiist obtained," and insert "in
cases which may arise from a difference in the gauge
of railroads, or from accident, or from legal interven-
tion."
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House non-
concur in the amendment of the Senate, and
request a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to ; and it was so
ordered.
SURVEY OF WASHINGTON HARBOR.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (H. R. No 1074) to provide for the
survey of the harbor and river at Washington,
District of Columbia, with Senate amend-
ments.
