3034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator states, I
think, the case different from his own amend-
ment. His own amendment is a general law
applying to every case, every vessel, every-
where.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is true.
Mr. POMEROY. And on thataccount itis
obnoxious to the rule, but if it was limited to
this particular service, to this particular line,
it would be within the rule.
Mr. CASSERLY. I propose to add that,
of course, if the Senator from New Jersey will
assent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator from California so modifies his amend-
ment, the Chair will rule in favor of the admis-
sion of the amendment at the proper time. But
in its present form it is clearly obnoxious to
the rule, and would be excluded.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will state that it was
drawn long before the rule was adopted or
thought of.
Mr. POMEROY. As I understand the
amendment pending to be the amendment of
the Senator from New Jersey, I desire to sub-
mit a single remark, I do not like any amend-
ment nor anything put into a bill that discrim-
inates against any class of citizens who may
come'to this country. I apprehend that the
Japanese and Chinese are good laborers to be
employed on these vessels. I think that if
I were running vessels oulhe Pacific I would
employ that class of labor. What strikes me
offensively is that we are running these ships
directly to China and Japan, and we are in-
viting the trade and commerce of these nations;
we are trying to extend our civilization to
them; they are adopting our customs, adopt-
ing our language to some extent, having it
taught in their schools ; and yet in regard to
the very steamers that we send there wo put
in a clause that none of their people shall lie
employed on these vessels. Senators may say
that if they have declared their intention to
become naturalized they may perhaps be
employed ; but under the naturalization law
I understand it is construed that they cannot
be naturalized. I do not know whether that
is so or not. I am told that the Chinese or
Japanese cannot be naturalized under our nat-
uralization h'ws.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is so.
Mr. POMEROY. If that is so, then we are
inviting the trade and commerce and friend-
ship of a people and extending to them as we
say our civilization, and the very vessels that
bear us there go under a law enacted by Con-
gress that supports these vessels, saying to
them, " None of your people shall be em-
ployed on them." It is bad laste ; it is offen-
sive to those people and wrong in itself'. You
make this company pay more for labor than
they need to. The amendment ought not to
be adopted.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr President,
T confess that I am surprised at the argument
of my friend that it is either in bad taste or
wrong. Here this Government is paying a
subsidy of about, five millions for what? The
leading, the controlling motive is to raise up
seamen for our Navy. That is the govern-
mental object that we have in the improve-
ment of our commerce.
Mr. POMEROY. Will not the Japanese
and Chinese make good seamen? Negroes
make good seamen.
Mr.FRELINGHUYSEN. Hear me through.
That is the object. That was the object of this
Government when ic paid bounties to our fish-
eries. That was the reason always given. My
friend from Kansas would not say that we in
time of war were to employ seamen on our
ships of war who were not citizens of the United
States.
Mr. NYE. Does the Senator from New
Jersey say we do not?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. X do say so.
Mr. NYE. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Ithinknot. At
all events, if it has been done, it is certainly
the policy of this Government that our sailors
should be citizens of the United States, and
there is no discrimination against any class,
because anybody can become a citizen. If
there is any defect in our naturalization laws,
let that defect be corrected, so that there shall
be no discrimination as to class.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask a
question, because it may arise hereafter in the
construction of this clause. Would the word
" seamen " here cover the other employes, for
instance firemen ?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understand
not.
Mr. STEWART. I apprehend this line
would have to stop entirely if they were
required to get American citizens to go into the
China seas and be firemen.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Idonotunder-
stand that firemen are covered by the term
"seamen."
Mr. NYE. Just say that.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I have no objec-
tion to saying it.
Mr. NYE. Say that it applies to "seamen
alone."
Mr. CASSERLY. The amendment as I
proposed it refers only to officers and seamen
as technically classed; that is, sailors of the
higher class. I am surprised at the sensitive-
ness of Senators as to the effect of the amend-
ment. T am particularly surprised at the sen-
sitiveness of Senators from the Pacific coast.
They have all seen what 1 have seen, and I
saw it with great apprehension—Chinamen
employed as sailors before the mast on steam-
ers of the Pacific mail line.
The Senator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy]
asks me if they were not good sailors. Of
course they were not good sailors. They were
not sailors at all. Nothing could be more
ludicrous (except for the painful apprehen-
sions the spectacle excited) than to see them
attempt to take in sail in a blow. They had j
a sort of foreman who translated the orders i
to them, and they worked away in a con- ■
fused, helpless crowd. It was almost enough j
to make one shudder to think of one of the
company's great ships of four thousand tons,
full of passengers, caught in one of the tre,-
mendous typhoons of the China sea, compelled
in such a struggle beiween life and death to \
depend 011 a crew of Chinamen, l'he bare
thought almost makes one's hair stmd with j
Inght at the thought ot precious human lives
exposed to such a risk. j
The Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] i
asks, how could one's hair stand upon end in
such a case? I was speaking of my own thoughts
as I stood upon the deck of a fine ship in the
safe waters of the tropics on oar Pacific coast,
imagining wtiat indeed would be the unhappy
condition of any ship or of any ship's passen-
gers in the hands of a crew of Chinamen ex-
posed to the fury of a typhoon. Even as a
part of the crew they are wholly unfit. While
we are subsidizing these steamers, we should
see that they are properly manned for their
stormy and dangerous trade. Properly manned
they never can be with Chinamen. All this is
so well known on our coast that I confess my
surprise to hear what we have heard from the
Senator from Nevada.
The object of my amendment first offered
was to restore the old system as to the officers
and able-bodied seamen of merchant ships.
To my surprise it met with opposition. As
the amendment now stands it is confined to
the officers alone. As to them it provides for a
return of the old system liberalized. Itis con-
fined also to such ships as are employed in
this service. I am sure 1 would not be illib-
eral toward a man of another land than this.
I have no right to be, if such right any one
haMr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Do I under-
stand the Senator's amendment only to apply
to officers ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Only to officers.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not accept
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey declines to accept it,
and therefore it is not before the Senate  
Mr. CASSERLY. I was about to say, asd
I may as well say it now, that as these art)
Unite'd States mail ships there is a peculiar
propriety in having the officers either citizens
of the United States, or at least persons who
have made their declaration of intention 
Mr. POMEROY. The law under which
they are built requires that they shall be offi-
cered by citizens of the United States. If
the Senator from Ohio has the law, the Sen-
ator from California will see that the law is so.
Mr. CASSERLY". 1 ask to have the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Jersey read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment as
follows :
Provided, That the seamen employed by said line
shall be I itizens of the United States, or those who
have, according to the naturalization laws, declared
their intention to become such.
Mr. STEWART. I am not sensitive or ex-
cited about this question.
Mr. SHERMAN. The word "officers"
ought to be inserted before "seamen."
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, I will modify
it by saying "officers and seamen."
I he PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the ;,nn ndinent as modified.
Mi. SUMNER. Let that be repoited again.
The Chief Clerk lead as follows :
Pro 1 Xhat the officers and seameu employed
by said line shall be citizens of the United States, or
tlio^e who have, according to the naturalization laws,
declared their intention to become such.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to understand
the precise operation of that. What is its
object ?
Mr. STEWART. I suppose its object is to
prevent Chinamen from being employed.
Mr. CASSERLY. As sailors; it does not
i interfere with those employed as waiters or
| helpers around the ship.
! Mr. SUMNER. Is there any reason why
[ they should not. be employed as sailors if they
make good sailors?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. My reason I
wid state to the Senator from Massachusetts.
We are here giving a subsidy of some five mil-
lion dollars to establish this line. I suppose
that so far as the Government is concerned
our object, our governmental objcct, is to raise
seamen for our Navy in time of war. That
has been the leason generally given for all
bounties we have extended in aid of any kind
of commerce, as the Senator from Massachu-
setts knows, he being familiar with the ques-
tion of the fisheries. It see rs to me that there
is great propriety that these seamen for our
Navy should be citizens of the United States;
at alt events that their interest should be iden-
tified with this country, either by being citi-
zens, or by having declared their intention t.0
become such. It discriminates against no
class; it only provides that inasmuch as we
are paying this bounty, one object of which is
to raise up seamen for our Navy in the event
of war, they should be identified with us. I
think it is a proper amendment.
Mr. SUMNEbt. I suppose that incident to
that is the exclusion of Chinese.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No, not the
Chinese.
Mr. SUMNER. I asked for information.
I did not mean to assert it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. It does not ex-
clude them as Chinese. It excludes those
who are not citizens and have not declared
their intention to become such.
Mr. SUMNER. Of course it wouid operate
then upon all other foreigners, English, Irish,
French, and Swedes.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir.
