346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
a copy of the certificate of returns, entered of
record, and subscribed by those two officials,
ministerial solely, nothing else.
2. The persons as to the verification of
returns in State elections, the Governor, the
attorney general, and the secretary of State;
the means, various and multiform, and indis-
putably both ministerial and judicial in their
nature and operation. I need not pause to read
or discuss those sections in a constitutional
point of viow.
3. The persons as to the verifications of re-
turns in city and town elections, the registrar
and mayor of the city and town; the means,
opening the returns and declaring the result;
ministerial only.
Now, I maintain that those classifications
were manifestly intended by the Legislature of
Texas, and that, upheld, force and effect are
given to every part of the act, but that, over-
thrown, chaos results and the act falls into
imbecility.
Now, it has been contended in the argument
that it is manifest upon the whole act that the
judicial functions vested in the persons named
m the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth sections of
the act, and the compiling and purging of
returns therein authorized, apply not to the
election returns in State elections alone, but
equally to all election returns in congressional
elections.
This construction I dispute: first, upon gen-
eral principles, but especially upon the author-
ity of the act itself; because if an act is sus-
ceptible of any construction other than that
one which reduces it to absurdity, the latter
construction must be rejected. Now, the con-
struction which I resist would manifestly re-
duce the act to absurdity. For instance, if
the provisions of sections thirty-four and thirty -
five apply to all elections in Texas, then they
must apply as weli to the returns of elections
in cities and towns as to returns in elections for
Congress; whereas, as to cities and towns, the
statute expressly provides for another and
an independent method of verification, and
sections thirty-four and thirty-five would be
brought into fatal antagonism wish section forty-
two. The same line of illustration may be fol-
lowed with like results as to sections thirty-
four and thirty-five on the one hand, and sec-
tion twenty-three on the other, by which the
confusion would be worse confounded. My
time will not suffice to pursue the argument.
But it is further contended that the con-
struction I resist must prevail, because it is
expressly authorized by section twenty-six,
which reads:
"The provisions of this act, except as to the time
of holding elections, shall apply to the election of
all officers whose election is not otherwise provided
for."
In construing a statute it is a recognized rule
that the statute should be so construed, if pos-
sible, as not only to give sense and effect to the
statute as a whole, but sense and effect to all
its parts.
This rule, applied to the section under con-
sideration as well as to the other parts of the
act, would give to it the natural, obvious, and
consistent interpretation, that the provisions
of the section for the verification of election
returns in cities and towns should be restrict-
ively applied to such returns, but not extended
to election returns in State elections, because
these compose a class of cases otherwise pro-
vided for, and mutatismutandis. And that the
provisions of the two sections for the verifica-
tion of election returns in State elections should
be restrictively applied to such returns, but not
extended to the election returns in congres-
sional elections, because these compose a class
of cases otherwise provided for. This interpret-
ation gives sense and effect to the entire stat-
ute and to all its parts, whereas the opposite
construction masses and confounds the sec-
tions and plunges into nonsense.
I observe, moreover, in passing hastily along,
that the Governor is required by section thirty-
six to commission all officers-elect, except
members of the Legislature and the Governor.
And it has not been pretended heretofore that
the paper under consideration is a commis-
sion. Nor, when the simplest test is applied,
does it appear that the Governor has con-
formed his mode of verification in the case in
hearing to the course prescribed in sections
thirty-four and thirty-five, as in the case of
returns in State elections; nor is it pretended
that the attorney general, an indispensable
participant in that class of verification, in any
way cooperated with the Governor in this case.
How are these-discrepancies to be reconciled?
Finally, after a careful and candid survey of
the whole case, upon the papers submitted and
now before the House, I submit the conclusion
is irresistible that the law and the facts are with
Giddings, and holding the views expressed, I
maintain:
1. The certificate per se, exclusive of the
"certified statement," is unusual in form and
insufficient in substance to show prima facie
title.
2. The certificate, together with the " cer-
tified statement" referred to therein as a part
thereof, are sufficient in substance to show
prima facie title.
3. The prima facie title to the seat from the
third district is shown to be in D. C. Giddings.
Before Mr. Arthur had concluded his re-
marks his time expired, and the hammer fell.
Mr. KERB. I hope the House will allow
the gentleman time to complete the remarks
he is addressing to the House.
The SPEAKER. How long additional time
does the gentleman require?
Mr. ARTHUR. Ten minutes.
Mr. HOAR. I have no objection if the
same courtesy be extended to the other side
if desired.
Mr. KERR. Of course the same rule will
be applied.
Mr. Arthur then resumed and concluded
his remarks as given above.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Simpson,
one of its clerks, informed the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, a joint
resolution of the House (H. R. No. -56) donat-
ing certain condemned cannon for a soldiers'
monument.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested :
A bill (S. No. 68) providing for the sale of
lands belonging to the United States, situated
at Sag Harbor, Suffolk county, in the State
of New York;
A bill (S. No. 309) to prohibit the retention
of soldiers' discharges by claim agents and
attorneys;
A bill (S. No. 390) granting a pension to
Sarah Evans; and
A bill (S. No. 393) to authonze the dis-
continuance of certain grades in the military
service.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had adopted a resolution to print twenty-
five hundred copies of the last annual report
of the Secretary of the Navy, with such of the
accompanying documents as the Secretary may
select; in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
contested election—w, t. clarke.
The House resumed the consideration of
the report of the Committee of Elections in
the case of the contested election from the third
district of Texas.
Mr. HOAR. I yield half of the time which
remains to me to mv colleague on the Com-
mittee of Elections, the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. McCraby.]
Mr. McCRARY. I yield ten minutes of my
time to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Hazletoy 3
Mr. HAZLETON, of Wisconsin. There are
two questions in this case, it seems to me,
demanding consideration at the hands of the
House. Perhaps I may not have time to call
the attention of the House to more than one
of them. But before I proceed to speak of
either of these points, I desire to remind the
House that there were two election cases com-
ing up from the State of Texas somewhat, sim-
ilar in their features. One is the case under
consideration. The other was the case of Hern-
don vs. Whitmore. I am aware there is a dis-
tinction in the cases, but m both of them the
certificate was accompanied by statements on
the part of the Governor very similar in their
terms. It is instructive, after listening to the
ingenious use which has been made of the
statement of the Governor in this case, to refer
the House to his statement in the other case of
Herndon vs. Whitmore. In that case the Gov-
ernor accompanies his certificate by the state-
ment which I will read :
"Complaints have been made of fraud and vio-
lence affecting the freedom of the election in many
of the counties, the returns of which have been
counted, and at least one instance of violence dur-
ing the canvass on the part of the candidate who
receives this certificate toward his opponent is ro~
ported. In my opinion, this was not a fair election
in that district, and should be set aside."
Now, that case came before the committee
at the same time as the ease under considera-
tion came before them, and the committee
agreed that Mr. Herndon was entitled prima
facieto the seat. But a minority of the com-
mittee refused to concur in the report of the
majority, that Mr. Clarke was also entitled
prima facie to his seat. Passing to this case,
the first question I desire to raise is the ques-
tion of the construction of section twenty-three
of the law of Texas, known as the election
law, which reads as follows:
"As soon as possible after the expiration of the
time of taking the returns of the election for Repre-
sentatives in Congress, a certificate of the returns
of the election for such Representatives shall bo
entered on record by the secretary of State."
Now the question I desire to present to the
House arises upon the construction to be given
to the term "returns of the election." What,
does that mean? The returning officers are
authorized and empowered to certify to the
Clerk of this House "the returns of the elec-
tion." Inmy judgment, that word "returns"
means the result. The general term is used
to embrace the more specific one. The power
conferred upon these returning officers was a
power to certify the result of the election to
this House, and upon that certificate the Clerk
of this House was authorized to enter the
name of the party holding that certificate
upon the roll of the House.
Well, now, if this is notthe true construction
of this term, then these returning officers would
be called upon to return to the Clerk of this
House a statement of the entire vote of this
congressional district, and the labor would be
devolved upon the Clerk of this House to ex-
amine those returns, and, spelling them out as
well as he might be able, to decide upon the
result. It seemsto me no such absurdity could
have been intended. I infer, therefore, that
the construction for which I am contending is
the only rational construction which can be
given to this section. That being so, then the
further question presents itself, what is the
legal effect of this statement made by the Gov-
ernor outside of the certificate? The certifi-
cate held by Mr. Clarke in this ease reads as
follows:
Governor's Office, Austin,
November 15,1871.
This is to certify that, on comparison of the
returns of votes cast at an election hold in the third
congressional district of the State of Texas on the
3d, 2th, 5th, and 6th of October, A. D. 1871, provided
for by joint resolution of the Legislature of said
State of Texas, approved May 2, 3871, 1 find that
Hon. w. T. Clarke was dulyelceted to represent tho
said congressional district of the State of Texas in
the Congress of the United States for the term com-
mencing on the 4th day of March, A. D. 1871, and
ending on March 3,1873.
Now, that certificate in itself seems to con-
fer some authority. If it is a certificate in
pursuance of this section twenty-three, to
