1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3085
Mr. SUMNER. Would not that limit very
much the supply of seamen ? The Senator is
aware that on board our ships genei-ally more
than half of the seamen are foreign born. My
friend from Nevada [Mr. Nye] says "for-
eigners yet;" not only foreign born but for-
eigners yet. I am inclined to think that that
provision -will be found a great embarrassment
to the navigation of the ships. I do not see
how they can find the men. They could not find
them surely in Ban Francisco. They must
pick them up and send them around there. I
throw out that remark in order to open the
way for the suggestion that this provision
seems to have an embarrassment. I fear that
it would interfere essentially with the naviga-
tion of these vessels.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if the word " seamen" under
nautical law has such a definite meaning as to
exclude a fireman, a servant, and a great mass
of persons employed on these vessels?
Mr. SUMNER. Iam not sure that it would.
I would not say.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is very important.
It is manifest that Japanese, Chinamen, and
others must be employed as firemen and ser-
vants.
Mr. SUMNER. But I am now calling atten-
tion to the point that it would exclude that
large class of foreigners who are now employed
in our navigation, English. Irish, and particu- i
larly Swedes. The Senator is aware there are >
a great many Swedes on board our vessels, |
and Germans also. ;
Mr. SHERMAN. The argument of the Sen- j
a,tor from New Jersey is, that under our nav |
igation laws, formerly, we always required !
American citizens. j
Mr.SUMNER. In point offact they were not. j
Mr. SHERMAN. The question is whether I
the word "seamen" is not a word of such j
indefinite meaning as to include firemen of
steam vessels.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me it would
not embrace firemen. It seems to me the
word " seamen" is almost a perfectly technical
term in the law.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts if he thinks, even if
the fact is such as he states, that it would be
to the interests of our Navy to have Chinese
as seamen, not on account of any mental qual-
ities, but on account of their physical power,
their aptitudes? Is it not better to have our
own citizens?
Mr. SUMNER. I should rather have every
man in our Navy a citizen, one of our own
people, who gave to the service therefore not
only his arms but his heart; but what induced
me to make the inquiry I did was an anxiety
iest we at this moment should do an illiberal
thing. That is the practical point with me.
I feared that, in these somewhat plausible terms
there was an illiberality which 1 certainly do
not wish to see in the legislation of our coun-
try. The explanation of the Senator meets it
to a certain extent; and yet he will pardon
me if I say even while listening to his explan-
ation I feared that under that there was this
illiberality, that perhaps one motive to this
provision was a desire to bear upon the Chi-
nese. J confess I doubt the expediency of any
such thing.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. As to motive, |
I am free to say that I do not think the j
Chinese would make good seamen for our !
Navy in time of war; and I think the success i
of our Navy depends almost entirely upon the
character of its seamen. There is no hidden
motive about it. I am free to say so.
Mr. SUMNER. I did not attribute that
to the Senator at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Minnesota.
Mr. CASSERLY, I wish to renew the
amendment just voted down striking out the
words "and seamen." The effect of that
modification is to enlarge the present law.
The present law requires the officers of these
ships to be citizens. This permits any man
who has given that pledge to the country which
is involved in a declaration of his intention to
become an officer also. I move simply the
amendment of the Senator from New Jersey
with the words " and seamen " taken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on that amendment of the Senator from
California.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the commit-
tee as amended.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. That is the
main question, and I ask forthe yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. On this question Iam
paired with the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Carpenter.] If he were here I would vote
" nay," and he would vote "yea."
The qutsuon being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas "29, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Caldwell, Casserly, Clayton, Cole,
Conklin?, Corbett. Or atria, pen ton. Perry of Mich-
igan, Flanagan. Hitchcock, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis,
Logan, Nye. Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey. It ice, Saw-
yer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,
West, Wilson, and Winctom—29.
Nays—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Chandler, Davis
of West Virginia. Ferry of Connecticut, Freling-
liuysen, (roldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Har-
lan, Johnston, Kelly, Morton, Norwood, Pratt, Spen-
cer, Stevenson, Vickers, and Wright—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Blair, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpen-
ter, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Gilbert,
HainiUun of Texas, Hamlin, Hill, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Patterson, Pool, Kansom, Rob-
ertson, Saulsbury, Scliurz, Sprague, 'Thurman, Tip-
ton, and Trumbull—27.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. I move that the Senate
take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Connecticut moves that the Senatedo
now adjourn, which motion takes precedence.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.) the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 3, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m., Mr.
Dawes in the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butleb,
D. D.
I he Journal of yesterday was read in part,
when
Mr. WILLARD asked unanimous consent
that the further reading of the Journal be dis-
pensed with.
vNo objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent that
the amendments of the Senate to House bill
No. 1191, making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes, be taken from the Speak-
er's table and referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and that the bill and amend-
ments be printed, the an,ndments to be num-
bered.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
order of business.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I move that the
rules be now suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union for the consideration
of the special order.
Mr. WILLARD. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. The House has had but one morning
hour for private bills for a month, I think.
This is private bill day, and it does seem to me
that we ought to have a morning hour to-day.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. General debate on
the tariff bill is to close by order of the House
at three o'clock to-day.
Mr. WILLARD. The time for general debate
can be extended.
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. It will be easy to
obtain a special order by the House for an
evening session for private bills, or for an hour
some future day.
Mr. WILLARD. Will there be objection
to having a morning hour to-day after three
o'clock ?
Mr. E. H. ROBERTS. I hope not.
Ml-. WILLARD. If there is no objection
to that I will not object to going into Com-
mittee of the Whole now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore,. The regular
order after three o'clock will be morning-hour
business, and the majority can control it then.
The motion to go into Committee of the
Whole was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. (Mr. Scofield in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the hill (H. R.
No. 2322) to reduce duties on imports, and
to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, the subjeet of
a tariff for protection and its oppressions is no
new theme to me. Whether tariffs have been
defended here as war measures or as peace
measures ; whether plausibly defended as
necessary to develop our industries or in-
cidentally to help them ; whether for " revenue
only," or for revenue and protection, in what-
ever guise, I have endeavored as a western
and eastern Representative, to tear off the
glossy lacquer with which such schemes are
made plausible.
I have endeavored to do this by appealing
to the spirit of the Constitution, which lorbids
any levy of tax. except for revenue—as well as
the aggrandizement, of one trade by "gratu-
ities" forced from others. In doing this I have
often indulged in the weariness of detail. I
have done this to show the pernicious effects of
such devices upon the general and individual
interest. This weariness, which is the com-
panion andresultof such labors, has only been
relieved by the delight which comes from the
study of the just proportions of truth and
goodness. The supreme delectation which gar-
lands even alauce of straw against a champion
cased in the adamant of falsehood, selfishness,
and cant has been my inspiration. It has,
against all remonstrance of friends, and de-
lights of home and library detained me in
public life. No equivocal platforms, no party
defections, uo selfish arrogance, no specious
demagogery has ever deterred the unfettered
thought which I cherished as a scholar in the
university and since as a public servant. The
long list of splendid minds, begiuniug with
Solomon, when he established his reciprocal
exchanges with Hiram, down to the new era
which ushered in Adam Smith, Bnstiat, and
Stuart Mill; the grand contest in England in
1846, and in France later, when the recipro-
cities of trade were celebrated by two great
nations, led by Cobdrn and Chevalier—and
most, the splendid results to the material inter-
ests aud the substantial glory of civilization—
the contemplation of all these, and more, have
been a solace and a reward for my love of
economic science and my devotion to its induc-
tions and conclusions.
