3932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
The mess&ge also annonnced that,the Senate
had agreed to the reports of committees of
conference upon hills of the following liiles :
An act (S. No. 1070) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department
for the year "ending June 30, 1873;
AnactfS. No. 473} to further the adminis-
tration ot justice; and
An act (S. No. .183) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Interior to make partition of the
reservation . of Me-shin-go-me-sia, a Miami
Indian.
I'he message also announced that the Senate
returned, pursuant to requests of the House,
bills of the following titles :
An -act (S. No, 196) for the relief of the
owners of the bark A 1;
An act (S. No. 905) for the relief of Harriet
Spring, heir of Captain Williams Barker,
deceased; and
An act (tl. R. No. 2050) for the relief of J.
H. (Jndeihill.
The message also announced that the Sun-
ate had passvd, without amendments. House
hills of the following titles:
An.act (H. R. No. 475) for the relief of
Selah V. Ke«ve, late a quartermaster sergeant
of the fourth Michigan infantry volunteers;
An act (H. K. No. 2592) granting the right
of way to the Dakota Grand Trunk Railroad
Company; and
Ah act (H. R. No. 2G99) to amend an act
entitled ''An act to establish and protect
national cemeteries," approved February 22,
1867.
The message also announced' that the Sen-
ate insisted on its amendments, disagreed io
by the llouse, to the bill (II. It No. 1) to
revise, consolidate, and amend the statutes
relating to the Post Office Department, a^ked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses, and had appointed, as conferees
on the part of the Senate, Mr. Ramsey, Mr.
Hamlin, and Mr. Cassekly.
mississippi and missouri RAILROAD, etc.
Mr. HAVVLEY. I move to suspend the rules
for ihe purpose of taking from the Speaker's
table, for consideration andaetion at this time,
a bill (S. No. 1015) to quiet the title to certain
lands ill the Stale of Iowa
The bill, which was read, provides that the
title to the lands in the State of Iowa hereto-
fore approved and certified by the Department
of the Interior for railroad purposes, to aid in
the construction of a raihoad from the city of
Davenport, via Iov,a City, to Council Bluffs,
under the grants made by Congress, according
to the adjustments thereofmade at the General
Land Ollice, be confirmed to the Mississippi
and Missouri Railroad Company and the
Chicago, Rock Island, and Pacific Railroad
Company, ami their assigns, they being the
corporations to whom the lands were certified;
pioviiied that the act, shall be construed as con-
vey ing only any reversionary or other imerest
which the United States may have in those
lands, and all lands sett cd upon in good faith
and now occupied by homestead or preemption
settlers shall be excluded from the operations
of the act..
Mr. HAWLEY. I only desire to take up
the bill for consideration at ihe present time.
I he House divided ; and there were-—ayes
62, noes 42 ; no quorum voting
The SPKAKEK ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Mr. Hawi.ey and Mr. Holman.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is there any rail-
road about this ?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes
1 lie House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 92, noes 45.
Mr. HOLilAN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAWLEY, Many members do not
understand the motion. It is not to pass the
bill, but rperely to take it up for considera-
tion'.
Mr. KILLINGER. T object, and demand
the yeas and nays on a suspension of the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 88, nays 78, not voting
74 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames. AverilJ. Beveridge, Bigby,
Austin Blair, Brooks,"Buixlett, Roderick K.'Butler,
Caldwell, Cobb, Cobuin, CoghUin, Conger, Cotton,
Darrull, Drnman, Du Bose, DueM, Dunnell,*Eames,
Eldredge, Elliott, tfarnsworth, Ear well; Henry D.
Foster, Frye, Garfield, Barrett, Goodrich, Griffith,
Hale, Halsey, Harrber, Harper, Hawley, Gerry W.
Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hooper. Hough-
ton, Kelley, Kellogg. Ketcham, Lowe, Maynard,
McCrary, McHenry, McJunkin, McKee, Mitchell,
Moore, jVIorey, Morpbis, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Pdhnor, Peck, Pendleton,-Peters, Prindle, Rainey,
John Rogers, Busk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Ses-
Moiift, Sheldoir, Slocuin, Sloss, II. Boardnian Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, Thomas  T. Speer,
Starkweather, Stowell, Sutherland. Taffe, Wash-
ington Town.send, Turner, Tuthill, Twicbell, Wai-
den, Walls, Warren, Whitthorne, Williams of Indi-
ana, and Williams of New York—88.
NAYS—Mess/v. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Barber,
Beatty, Beck, Bfell, Bingham, Bird, James G. Blair,
Braxton, Bright, Campbell, Clarke, Conner, Crebs,
Cropland, Dox, Ely, Finkelnburg, Forker, Getz,
Gidduigs, Golladay, Haldeinan, llambleton, Hand-
ley," Hanks, John T. Harris, Hay, Hereford^ Hern-
don, Hibbard, Holmaiu Kendall, Kerr, Ivillinger,
King, Lewis, Manson. Marshall, McClelland, Mc-
Grew, Melntyre. McNeely, Mercur, Merriam,
Monroe, Packard, Iiosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Par-
ker, Aaron P. Perry, Potter. Price, Randall, Edward
Y. Rice, Ritchie, Ellis liJ Roberts, William R.
Roberts, Sion H/ Rogers, Roosevelt, Shellabarger,
Shoemaker, Slater, John A. Smith, R. Milton Speer,
Stevens, .Stevenson,- Stogghton, Strong, Terry,
Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Waddell, Waldron,
Wei is, and Jereruiah M. Wilson—78.
NO.T VOiTNG—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Banks,
Barnum, B.trry, Biggs, Boles, Buckley, Butfinton,
Burchard, Benjamin P. Bufler, Carroll, Oomingo,
Cox, Creely, Critcher, Crocker, Davis, Dawes, JDe
Large, Dickey, Duke, Charles Foster, Wilder D.
Foster.vHancock, George E. Harris, Havens, Hays,
Hoar, IviiiscUa.Launsori, Lamport, Lansing, Leach,
Lynch, McCorinick, McICinney, Merrick, Benjamin
B. Meyers, Morgan, Niblack, Orr, Packer, Perce,
Eli Perry, Piatt, Poland, Porter, Read, John M.
Rice, lltibmson, Seeiey, Shank's, Sherwood, Shober,
bnapp, Sprague, Storm, St. John, Swann, Sypher,
Thomas-. Dwight Townsend,- Vaughan, Voorhees,
Wakeuian, Wallace, Wheeler, Wiiiteley, Willard,
John T. Wijson. Ufipchester, Wood*and Young—74.
So (t wo thirds nothaviug votedin the affirm-
ative) the House refused to suspend the rules.
During the vote, - '
Mr. BARRY stated that he was paired with
Mr. Vaughan, of Tennessee, and not knowing
how Mr. Vaughan would vote On this proposi-
tion he would decline to vote.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
postal code).
On motion of Mr. FARNSWORTH, by
unanimous consent, the House agreed to the
conference asked by the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on a bill
(H. ii. No. 1) to revise, consolidate, and
amend the statutes relating to the Post Office
Department, and had appointed Mr. Farns-
worth, Mr. Tyner, and Mr. Randall, as
managers of said confeience on its part.
CIVIL KXGHTS.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to suspend the
rules to take from (he Speaker's table a bill
(S. No. 90) to declare and enforce the civil
rights ot the citizens of the United States.
The bill, which was read, provides that
whoever, being a corporation or natural person
and owner, or in charge of any public inn, or
of any place of public amusement or enter-
tainment ior which a license from any legal
authority is required, or of any line of stages,
coiches, railroads, or other means of public
carriage of passengers or freight, shall make
distinction as to admission or accommoda-
tion therein of any citizen of the United States
because of race, color, or previous condition
of seivitude, shall, on conviction thereof, be
fined not less than $500 nor more than $5,000
for each offense, and the person or corporation
so offending shall be liable to the citizens
thereby injured 111 damages to be recovered in
an action of debt.
The second section provides that the offenses
under this act and actions to recover damages
may be prosecuted before any territorial, dis-
trict, or circuit court of the United States
having jurisdiction of crimes at the place
where the offense was charged to have been
committed, with a right of appeal,or to have a
writ of error in any case to the Supreme
Court of the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say that my
object in making this motion is to obtain a
test vote, so that we may ascertain the sense
of the House upon this bill. And for that
reason I ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. GAHF1ELD, of Ohio. Take a division
first. ,
Mr. KILLINGER. Let us have the yeas
and nays.
Tne yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken : and there were—•
yeas 114, nays 83, not voting, 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Barber, Beatty,
Beveridge, Bigby, Bmgham, Buckley, Buffinton,
Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler, Rodenck
R.Butler, Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger,
Cotton, Darrall, Dawes, Donnan, Duell, Dunnell,
Eames, Elliott, Famsworth, -Finkelnburg, Charles
Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield. Hale, Hai-
sey, Harmer, Havens, Hawley, Hay, Hays. Gerry
W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper,
Houghton. Ketcham, Kilhnger, Lamport, Lansing,
Lowe. Lynch, Maynard, McCrary,McGrew, McJun-
kin. McKee, Mercur, Merriam, Monroe, Morey,
Morphia, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard,
Packer. Palmer, Isaac C.Parker,Pendleton,Perce,
Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Poland, Rainey, Ellis H.
Roberts, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions,
Shanks, Sheldon, Sbellabarger, Shoemaker, H.
Boardman Smith, John A, Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Stark-
weather, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong,
St. John, Sypher, Taffe, Thomas. Washington Town-
send, Turner, Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman,
Wnlden, Waldron, Wallace, Walls, Whiteley, Wil-
lard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
John T. Wilson—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adains, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, Bigga, Bird, James G.Blair, Braxton, Bright,
Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell, Carrot 1, Corningo, Con-
ner, Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Dox, Du Bose, Duke,
Eldredge, Forker, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Getz,
Giddings, Golladay, Griffith, Haldeman, Hancock,
Handley, Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris, Hereford,
Herndoi), Hibbard, Holman, Kendall, Kerr, King,
Lewis, Mauv'-on, Marshall, McClelland, McCormick,
MeHenry, Melntyre, McNeely, Merrick, Mitchell,
Morgan, Niblack, Hosea W. Parker, Price. Ran-
dall. Read^ Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, Ritchie,
William R. Roberts, Robinson, Sion H. Rogers,
Roosevelt. Slater. Slocam, Sloss, R. Milton Speer,
Stevens, Swann. Terry, Tuthill, Van Trump, Wad-
del), Warren, Wells. Whitthorne, Williamsof New
York, Winchester, Wood, and Young—83.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Averill, Banks, Barnum,
Barry, Bell. Austin Blair, Boles, Cox,Creely,Crocker,
Davis, De Large, Dickey, Ely, Farwe'l, Goodrich,
Hambleton, GeorgeE. Harris, Keliey, Kellogg, Kin-
sella, Laniison, Leach, McKinney, Benjamin F.
Meyers, Moore, Peck, Eli Perry, Piatt, Porter, Pot-
ter, Prindle, John Rogers, Seeiey, Sherwood, Sho-
ber, Snapp. Storm, Sutherland, Dwisht Tovvnsend,
Viiuglian, Voorhees, and Wheeler—43.
So (two thirds not having voted in faVor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
During the call of the roll the following
announcements were made:
Mr. B. F. MEYERS. I am paired with Mr.
Seeley, of New York. If present he would
vote "ay." and I would vote " no."
Mr. PECK. I am paired with Mr. Davis,
of West Virginia. If here he would vote "no."
and I would vote " ay."
Mr. MERRIAM. Mr. Wheeler, of New
York, is paired with Mr. Leach, of North
Carolina. If my colleague [Mr. Wheeler]
were here he would vote " ay."
Mr. CROCKER. J am paired with Mr.
Shekwood, of Pennsylvania. He would vote
"no,'' while f would vote "ay."
Mr. ELLIOIT. My colleague, Mr. De
Large, is absent. If present he would vote
'' ay.''
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Shober, of North
Carolina, is absent from the city. By an acci-
dent he is not paired on this question. If here
he would vote •' no."
^Mr. BARRY. I am paired with Mr.
Vaughan, ot Tennessee. He would vote
"no," and I would vote "ay."
J he result ot the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr, Simp-
