THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered,. which was upon
the third reading, of the bill.
Mr. STEVENSON-, I ask, leave to have
printed in the Globe some remarks upon this
bill.
No objection was. mad,e; a, d leave was
accordingly granted.. [See Appendix.]
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be lead a third time; and upon a divisio.a
there were—ayes 81,, noes 41.
So the bill was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. MORGAN. Upon that question I call
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays; and there weie twenty-seven in
the affirmative.
So (the affirmative being one fifth of the last
vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 115, nays 65,
not voting 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Averill, Banks,
Barber, Barry, Beatty, Beveridge, Bigby, Biggs,
Bingham, Austin Blair, Boles, George M. Brooks,
Buckley, Bufflnton, Burchard, Buriiett, .Roderick
It. Butler, William T. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Con-
ger, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Crocker, Darrall, Dawes,
Dickey, Donnan, Duell, Bunnell, Hames, i'arns-
wortii, Fanvell, Wilder D. Foster, l'Vye, (iarlield,
Hale, Hanibloton, Hai mei, George B. Hams, Ha-
vens. Ilawiey, Hays, Gerry W, lluzelton. John W.
Ilazelton, Hereford, Hill, iloar, 1J ooper, Houghton,
Kel ley, Kellogg, Kendall, Ket chain, Lamport, Leach,
Maynard, MeCrary, MeUrew, Mclleniy, Ale J unkin,
MoNeely. Mercur, Merriam. Mitchell, Monroe.
Leonard Myers, Negley.Orr, Packard, Packer, Palm-
er, Peek, Pendleton, Aaron P. Perry, Peters, Potter,
Ellis II. Roberts, Husk, Sargent, Sawyer, Scolield,
Seeley, Sessions, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Shoemaker, ts-Ioss, H. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, Snapp; Snyder, Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stoughton, Swann, Washington Townsend, Turner,
Tutbill. Twichell, Upson, Wakeman, Waldron, Wal-
lace, Wheeler, Willard, Williams ofNew York, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, John X. Wilson, and Wood—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Arthur, Barnuin, Beck,
Bird, Braxton,Caldwell,Coghlan, Comingo, Conner,
Critcher,,OiosBland, Ou Boso, Bake, lilldredge, Pin-
kolnburg, Porker. Henry B. Poster, Garrett, Gatz,
Golladay.Grillith, iLtldeitun, Hundley, Hauks, John
T. Ilairis, Hay, Herndon, llibbard, llolman, Kerr,
Killingor, Lewis, Lowe, Manson, McClelland, Mc-
Conniok, Molntyre. Benjamin 1'. Meyers, Morgan,
Niblick, lilt Perry, Price, Prindle, Itaiiiey, Head, lid-
waul Y. Rice, Jolm M. Bice, William It. Kobcits,
Shanks, Slater, Slocum, It. Milton Speer, Thomas J.
Speer, Starkweather,- Strong, Taffo, Toiry, Tyner,
Van Trump, Voorhees, Waddell, Wliitthorue, Win-
chester, and Young—65.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Bell,
James G. Blair, Bright, James Brooks, Benjamin
P. Butler, Campbell, Carroll, Freeman Clarke,
Creely, Davis, Be Large, Box, Elliott. J5ly, Charles
Foster, Goodrich, Halsoy, Hancock, Harper, King,
Kitisella, Jamison, Lansing. Lynch, Marshall, Mc-
Kof, McKinney, Meriick, Moore, Morey, Moiohis,
Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C Parker, Perec, Piatt,
Poland, Porter, Randall, Ritchie, Robinson, Rogers,
Roosevelt, Stiober, Worthington C. Smith, Storm,
Stowell, St. John, Sutherland, Syplier, Thomas,
Dwight Townsend, Vaughan, Walden, Walls, War-
ren, Wells, Whiteley, and Williams ot Indiana—60.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to,
order 01' business.
Mr. GA11FIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
move that the rules be suspended, and the
House now resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the special order.
mexican protectorate.
Mr. GARRETT. Will the gentleman yield
to me?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. For what pur-
pose ?
Mr. GARRETT. I wish to ask unanimous
consent to submit for present consideration
the following preamble and resolution:
Whereas our sister republic of Mexico is now in
the midst of a revolution, and is, as she has often
been in the past, convulsed with internecine war
and bloodshed, and is without a reason able hope of a
restoration of a permanent peace, and of a return
pf prosperity to her commerce and people ; and
whereas it would be a violation of the well-estab-
lished policy of the Government of the United States,
owing to the geographical position, as well as the
similarity of the Government of Mexico to that
of the United States, for us to ever allow any mon-
archical power to assume the protectorate of the
republic of Mexico, or the establishment of a gov-
ernment differing in theory from that of our own ;
and whereas many Americans now living in Mexico,
aswellasthebetter class ofMexican citizens, (living
as they are in the midst of the convulsive throes_ of
oft-recurring revolutions,) ardently desire protection
from and annexation to the Government of the
United States as the only solution of their existing
troubles : Therefore,
lie it resolved. That every consideration of duty,
humanity, wisdom, interest, and justice, as well as
a comprehensive statesmanship, demands that all
proper diplomatic efforts be used on the part of this
Government with a view to the pacification and
ultimate annexation of the republic of Mexico to
the United States, under such laws and regulations
as shall not conflict with the Constitution of the
United States, or the principles of justice and honor
which should control agreat, enlightened, and pow-
erful nation in her dealings with her weaker and
less powerful neighbor.
Mr. PERCE. I object.
expenses of district judges.
Mr. KELLOGG. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Maynard] withdraws his objec-
tion to the passage of Senate bill No. 445 to
defray the expenses of district judges from
other districts while holding district or circuit
courts in the southern district of New York.
Mr. MAYNARD. In withdrawing my ob-
jection, I desire to say that I interposed my
objection not because I see any reason against
the passage of this bill, but because I wanted
it more comprehensive in its terms.
The SPEAKER. If there be no further
objection, the bill will bo considered as
passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object. I think that
bill of this kind if proper to be passed at
all, should operate uniformly throughout the
country.
commerce among tiib stages.
Mr. SHELLABARGER, by unanimous
consent, reported back from the Committee
on Commerce a bill (H. R. No. 1712) to pro-
mote commerce among the States, and to
cheapen the transportation of the mails and
military and naval stores ; which was recom-
mitted, and ordered to be printed.
encouragement 01? foreign commerce.
Mr. SHELLABARGER also, by unanimous
consent, reported back from the Committee
on Commerce a bill (EI. R. No. 1743) for the
encouragement of the foreign commerce of
the United States; which was recommitted,
and ordered to be printed.
agricultural colleges.
Mr. PERCE. I ask unanimous consent to
report from the Committee on Education and
Labor, for printing and recommittal, a bill to
provide for the further endowment and sup-
port of colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts, and the liberal and
practical education of the industrial classes in
the several pursuits and professions in life, as
established under the act of Congress approved
July 2, 1862.
Mr. SARGENT. I object.
cherokee indians in north carolina, etc.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting an
estimate of appropriations to defray the ex-
penses of the removal of certain Cherokee
Indians from North Carolina and the adjoin-
ing States to the Indian territory; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
expenses of land office.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, in relation
to a deficiency in the appropriation for contin-
gent expenses of the General Land Office for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
military prison at rock island.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in relation to the
erection of a military prison at Rock Island,
Illinois; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
political disabilities of thomas crymes.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimouns con-
sent, laid before the House a concurrent res-
olution of the Legislature of South Carolina,
petitioning Congress to remove the political
disabilities of Thomas Crymes, of Anderson
county, South Carolina; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
expenses of indian council.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, in relation
to an appropriation to defray the expenses of
a general council of Indians in the Indian
territory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
tax on tobacco.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Virginia, asking Congress to
make the tax on tobacco uniform ; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
preservation ob clothing, etc.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to an appropria-
tion for the preservation of clothing and equip-
ments during the next fiscal year; which was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
development of mineral resources.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a, memorial of the
General Assembly of the Territory of Colo-
rado, in relation to a bill to promote the devel-
opment of the mineral resources of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on Mines and Mining, and ordered to be
printed.
military reservations of fort iiarker.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution
of the House of February 6, 1872, in reference
to the military reservations of Fort Harker,
Kansas ; Fort Benton, Montana, and Fort Rip-
ley, Minnesota; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
reservations of chippewa indians.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the
sale of certain reservations of Chippewa In-
dians in Minnesota and Arkansas ; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
organization of volunteers.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to appropriations
for collecting, drilling, and organizing volun-
teers ; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
refunding of cotton tax.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Virginia, requesting Con-
gress to refund the tax collected on raw cotton;
which was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
