18*72-3
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2«T
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Roberts.
Ho. of Heps.
you open the door to all improvement and
render possible all the marvels of machinery
and the attendant division of labor; you get
more out of the individual for society, and
more out of society,for the individual. By
diversity of industry, moreover, mankind are
guarded against famine and ruin which in ruder
times the sport of the elements brought almost
periodically upon them. When large districts
are devoted solely to agriculture a severe
drought or prolonged rain may destroy all its
crops, and with them all the resources of the
inhabitants. Intermingle manufactures and the
mischief will be but partial. Of the products
of mechanism, any one may suffer from acci-
dent to the raw material or fitfulness in the
demand. So, during our civil conflict, Man-
chester suffered great destitution because our
cotton-fields refused to furnish cotton for the
spinners, whose patience rendered their depri-
vation historic. That community, other tilings
being equal, will be able to produce the most,
and will be most independent of fortune, which
has the greatest diversity of 'industry.
Over production ofasingle article is possible.
You may raise too much cotton, or too much
grain, or may have too much of some product
of manufacture. In a country of one or of few
products famine may come from failure, or a
glut from excess of crops or wares. In a land
where many branches of industry thrive
neither result is possible. The failure of one
is supplemented by the prosperity of another ;
the growing success of each contributes to
the general advantage, and when all produce
the most, exchange is most rapid, wealth is
magnified, and the nation contributes most to
the general treasury of the world.
So, it may well be true that Belgium can
make iron cheaper than we can, and cheaper
than we can produce gram to buy her iron,
and yet it be the highest dictate of common
sense for us to make our own iron, for we
shall raise about so much grain and no more,
whether we dig our own ores and smelt them
in our furnaces or not. If we do not make
our own iron, a large part of the persons able
to open mines and manage furnaces will be
only partially employed, or not at all. Shall
we not give to them their best chance?
It is the same with cotton weaving. Possi-
bly we can dig gold and silver, or raise maize
to buy calico or sheeting, cheaper than we can
make it. The reasoning is weak which there-
fore says, close the factory and let Manches-
ter, or Marseilles make,our cotton cloth. Be-
cause whatever theory may urge as a matter of
fact, the operatives of a -factory if thrown out
of employment will include many who can
neither dig gold nor raise maize. Many of
them can do nothing else so well as to spin and
weave cotton. Clearly they should be asked to
do that which they can do best. •
Part of this superiority in a special work is
from training, from acquired skill; if it were
only that, Government ought not recklessly to
make of no account a trade learned by a life-
time of labor. Butmore than this is involved.
Men have varieties of gilts. One hand is
strong, another is facile; one eye is sure,
another is quick; one masters readily the
secrets of color, another applies adroitly the
mechanical powers. Thar society serves most
fairly its purpose which enlists every special
gift of its members.
But climate and soil and local peculiarities
limit the industry of every section of country.
Yes; you will not raise oranges in Green-
land, nor gather ice in Havana. Those are
luxuries, and society is not absolutely depend-
ent upon them. So long as that point has not
been reached where all labor is employed
remuneratively and to the best effect, room
exists for a further diversity of industry. Oc-
cupation, production, is desirable for its own
sake.
Shall Government foster that production
which of itself is less remunerative than
another? Government has no right by any
obstacle to prevent the fullest development of
our national resources and the extension of our
industries. Frequently generations of legis-
lation have hampered production. Advan-
tages have been given to foreign nations by
their legislation or by ours which only legis-
lation can correct, and counterbalance. Often
a feather makes the balance turn; often a
pebble changes the direction of a stream;
often a slight obstruction throws the train
from the track. A slight encouragement may
give vitality to a struggling enterprise, may
add to the diversity and extent of our national
industry. Surely that is an addition to the
demand for labor, and therefore an influence
in favor of higher wages.
No; but the gentleman from Missouri tells
us that when this encouragement takes the
form of a tariff the advantage accrues only to
employers. He parades tables of dividends
of New England factories. Would there were
more of them, not for New England only, but
for every State in the Union. If manufac-
tures pay largely our people are keen-eyed
enough to learn it. No barriers prevent any-
body from engagingin these occupations. Any
individual may make cotton fabrics, or woolen
or iron, if only he can get together the capital.
Continue the conditions on which large profits
are earned, and competition will follow, de-
mand for labor will be increased, and wages
must rise.
The law is invariable. Magnify the profits
in any vocation, and men will crowd into it;
wages in it will rule high; competition will
seek to create an equilibrium. Prove that
great profits exist, and you prove also tbat the
tendency is to raise wages, first, in that occu-
pation, and in a less degree in all.
As a matter of fact, the profits of manufac-
tures to the stockholders in this country have
not averaged as much as the interest they might
have received in real estate investments at the
West. Great advantages have been secured
to the community in the advance in lands, in
the cheapening of commodities, in the growth
of towns, and villages, and cities. No contra-
diction has been made of a table printed a few
days ago in the New York Tribune of all the
dividends paid by all the cotton and woolen
manufactories of New England, from 1820 to
1870 inclusive. Experience and capital have
made the profits greater there than elsewhere
in this country. Yet this is the exhibit:
"The Profits of Manufacturing.—The following table
is condensed from Martin's Tables of Manufacturing
Dividends, a work of undoubted authenticity:
Av. div.
Year. per c*.
182 0  15
182 1  20
1822  l§f
182 3  «
1824   fe
1825   6
18J6  $
182 7 
182 8  6
   J,
1830   51
183 1  If
   13
183 3  1U
183 4  10
1836  12r
   ij,
   5}
1838   9
   10
1840   
,    <
1842    
   &
184 4 
1845  -
184 6  W,
184 7  10;
184 8  6i
184 9  It
   7
1851  H
Year. Av-
per cf.
185 2  5
185 3 71 - -
185 4 4
185 5  4i
185 6   «
185 7  S
185 8    21
185 9    7
186 0 :  91
186 1 :  7f
186 2  loi
186 3  16i
1864   lft
186 5  1i
186 6    19*
186 7    12*
186 8  10*
186 9  11
187 0    7*.
"Average for the entire fifty-one years a little short
of nine per cent.
"It must in fairness be considered that naany
companies have failed from time to time, wiping
out not only profit but capital; and those, if allow-
ance were made for them, would reduce the average
of dividends materially. _ In other cases, millswhich
cost $1,000,000 having failed, the wreck was" bought
for one half to ono fourth of its cost, and the subse-
quent dividends were paid on the reduced (' razeed ')
capital, though this was less than half the cost. In
all oases where stock dividends were made, these
are counted as cash.
" Estimated by decades, the profits of manufactur-
ing in New England, thus swelled in appearance,
not in truth, were as follows:
Per cent.
From 1820 to 1830, a shade over 8i
From 1880 to 1840, just   10
From 1840 to 1850, hardly.....  81
From 1850 to 1860, a fraction over 5h'
From 1860 to 1870, not quite 12
"monopolists."
These are the results attained by those whom
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] de-
lights to style "imperial monopolists." My
dictionary describes a "monopolist" as "a
person who engrosses a commodity by pur-
chasing the whole of that article in marljet,
for the sake of selling at an advanced price;
or one who has a license or privilege granted
for the sole buying cr selling of any commod-
ity."
If manufacturers have the control of a
patent or are masters of a special process
they may possess a monopoly. They attain
that character not through any customs duties
levied or collected. On the contrary, such
duties tend to develop competition on our own
soil between our own citizens. The race is
open to alt. All capital is invited; all indus-
try has open field. The result is that individ-
uals build up shops and toil in them. Com-
panies are formed and the mites of the widow
and orphan are invested as well as the hoards
of the capitalist.
The lists of stockholders in some of these
factories would be curious. We could see
those who are numbered shrinking in their
humble dependence among the "monopolists"
of the fancy of eloquent gentlemen here. Any
one may see who are the chiefs and managers
of furnaces and factories. Almost uniformly,
within my observation, they are men born to
poverty, who, by their own efforts, have won
fortune. If their own modesty did not forbid
me to mention them here my argument would
gain strength if I might tell by name how the
presidents of the woolen mills in my district
started their fortunes as machinist and stage-
driver; how iron-founders have molded great
business as they fashioned patterns or poured
the liquid metal; how our greatest eotton'mills
are the outgrowth of the genius and industry
of one family, allied with the supreme me-
chanical skill, and chemical ingenuity of a
man yet living.'
If my friend from Indiana or my friend from
Illinois or my learned friend from Missouri'will
go with me upon a hill overlooking a village
nestling beside the Sauquoit,they will see there,
more than anywhere else known to me, a spot
vprifying the Happy Valley of Rasselas. Mod-
est comfort consorts with honest thrift. Intel-
