1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1245
LIGHT-HOUSE AT POINT WILSON.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in relation to a
small light-house to be placed at Point Wil-
son, at the head of Admiralty inlet, Washing-
ton Territory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
TEXAS CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House the papers in the
contested-election case of Whittemore vs.
Herndon, from the first congressional district
of Texas; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Elections, and ordered to bo printed.
GEORGE P. PUTNAM.
On motion of Mr. COX, by unanimous con-
sent, the papers of George P. Putnam, late
collector, &c., of New York city, were with-
drawn from the files of the Committee of
Claims, and referred to the Committee on
Revision of the Laws of the United States.
ANSON ATWOOD.
On motion of Mr. BEATTY, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from
the files of the House the papers iu the case
of Anson Atwood.
L. CARPLES.
On motion of Mr. CHIPMAN, by unanimous
consent, the papers in the case of L. Carples
were withdrawn from the files of the House,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
ANN ANNIS
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous
consent, leave was given to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the ease of
Ann Annis.
LEAVE OP ABSENCE.
Mr. POLAND by unanimous consent ob-
tained leave of absence during the remainder
of this week.
Mr. STOWELL obtained leave of absence
for two days.
Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire, obtained
leave of absence for two days.
Mr. McKEE obtained leave of absence for
five days.
YELLOWSTONE ItHSERVATION.
Mr. BUNNELL, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on the Public Lands, pre-
sented a repdrt in relation to the Yellowstone
reservation, and moved that it be printed and
recommitted to the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
EXPENSES OP DISTRICT JUDGES.
Mr. KELLOGG. I understand that the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] with-
draws his objection to the bill (S. No. 445) to
defray the expenses of district judges l'rom
other districts while holding district or circuit
courts in the southern district of New York.
Mr. HOLMAN. I reluctantly withdraw my
objection. I am satisfied the measure is wrong.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER 01? BUSINESS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I must now
insist upon my motion to go into Committee
of the Whole.
The question being taken, the motion was
agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Scofield m the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order,
being House bill No. 1654, making impropri-
ations to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June SO, 1872, and for
former years, and for other purposes.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read as follows:
Foreign intercourse:
For salaries of envoys extraordinary and minis-
ters plenipotentiary, and ministers resident, tor the
fiscal year ending June 30,1871, $-12,000; and lor the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, $50,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. When the committee rose
the question was still pending as to the point
of order to strike out the latter clause of the
paragraph ending m the forty-seventh line.
Mr. PERCE. I understood the gentleman
from Indiana to abandon the appeal from the
decision of the Chair by moving that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is true, and the com-
mittee immediately rose.
Mr. PERCE. It is now too late to appeal
upon that point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. My appeal was taken before
the paragraph was ever read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
the gentleman from Indiana to say that he had
made a motion to strike out that paragraph.
Mr. HOLMAN. I had not made the motion.
I had intended to make the motion, aud I sup-
posed that the Clerk would commence to-day
reading from the point where the point of
order was made, for that portion of the bill
upon which the point of order was made was
never read through.
Mr. PERCE. I submit that the paragraph
upon which the point of order was made was
read through, not only once, but twice, aud
after the Chair had ruled on the point of order
the gentleman took an appeal, and then aban-
doned his appeal by moving that the commit-
£gg piSS.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the case; but
if the gentleman from Indiana had made his
motion before the Clerk commenced reading
the paragraph to-day it would have still been
in order, and therefore the Chair will hold,
under the statement made by the gentleman
from Indiana, that his motion is iu time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I cannot recollect what
transpired exactly yesterday, or whether the
motion to strike out was made or not.
Mr. PERCE. I appeal to the Journal on
that point.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no Journal in
Committee of the Whole. The Chair has to
depend upon the recollection of gentlemen
who participated ill the action of the com-
mittee on the subject.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to be understood
as to what transpired yesterday. My recol-
lection is that all that portion of the para-
graph upon which the point of order was
made was not read yesterday. I also remem-
ber that I appealed from the decision of the
Chair, and afterward withdrew the appeal. 1
intended in that connection, if the House did
not suspend the rules, to make the motion to
strike out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair entertaius
the motion for the reason stated by him.
Mr. PERCE. I desire to state before the
Chair submits the motion to the House that
the gentleman from Indiana does not say he
made that motion ; all he said is that ho had
intended to make the motion, and I submit
that his intention is not sufficient.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire unan-
imous consent to be permitted to appeal to
the gentleman from Indiana. I entirely con-
cur with him m his desire that this clause shall
not be stricken out; but it has been stricken
out properly under the rules, and I now hope
that the gentleman from Indiana will not raise
a point on the ruling of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio does nor understand the motion made by
the gentleman from Indiana. He does not
insist on the appeal, but moves to strike out
that portion of the section.
Mr. PERCE. I desire to read from the
Globe what actually occurred before the Chair
presents the question to the House. It ia as
follows:
" Mr. Garfield, of Ohio. It is Monday, and we
can move to suspend the rules.
" Mr. Holman. Yes, if we go back into the House
to-day. I insist upon my appeal from the decision
of the Chair, or rather I will move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
"The Chajkman. Does the gentleman withdraw
the appeal ?
"Mr. Holman. Yes, sir."
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman does
not seem to understand the position of the
gentleman from Indiana. He is not now taking
an appeal from the decision of the Chair, but
he claims the right to now make the motion to
strike out, which would have been in order if
the Clerk had not read a portion of the para-
graph before the one to which he refers, and
he gives as a reason for not. making it that
when the Clerk lead he did not know he was
reading this paragraph. Under the circum-
stances, the Chair decides to entertain the
motion just as if it had been made before the
Clerk began the reading of the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a point of order.
I understand that the motion of the gentleman
from Indiana is to strike out. the appropriation ;
that, has already been stricken out on the point
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair stands cor-
rected by the gentleman from • Tennessee.
That portion of the bill was stricken out by
the ruling of the Chair, and the gentleman
from Indiana now moves to strike out the
balance.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to say a word or
two on that subject. The Jaw requires the
Secretary of State to publish these laws in the
newspapers,
Mr. N1BLACK. The Clerk of the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. No, the Secretary of State ;
but the newspapers are not compelled to pub-
lish the laws. The action of the House during
the whole of the last Congress informed the
publishers of newspapers throughout the coun-
try that Congress was not intending to make
and had not made an appropriation for the
publication of the laws in newspapers. There
was ample and complete notice given to the
press that in the judgment of Congress an
appropriation for such a purpose should not
be made. Yet, in disregard of this action of
Congress, the papers, although not compelled
to do so, went on and published these laws at
the instance of the Secretary of State. Now
I submit that there is no pretense here that
any legal obligation rests upon the Govern-
ment to pay these papers for this publication ;
on the contrary, the presumption was that-the
Government would not pay them. This pub-
lication was made in violation ot the manifest
purpose of Congress. I insist that inasmuch
as gentlemen will not. allow a provision to be
acted upon here to repeal the law authorizing
this publication, at least this Congress shall
adhere to the policy of the last Congress,
and refuse to make this appropriation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to opposepro
forma the motion to strike out. But while I
do so, I desire to say that I regard the public-
ation of the laws in a few local newspapers
in the several States as a perfect waste of the
public money. My friend from Maine near
me [Mr. Peters] says the newspapers do not
waste it. It may not be a waste in that way,
but I am inclined to think that as a general
thing it is a waste so far as any public good is
concerned. The laws are to be published m
two newspapers selected m each State. Those
newspapers are never the larger papers, the
daily papers, those of the most extensive cir-
culation, for those large papers will not pub-
lish the laws at the price paid, the publica-
tion is given out to some little local news-
papers with a county circulation. It is illogical
and unfair that we should^ pay tor publishing
tli6 laws in one or two i.ocu.1 iiG^vfipctppis hi
each State, thus informing a mere handful of
