1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393&
son, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had agreed to the resolution
of the House of Representatives for an exten-
sion of the time for the final adjournment, of
the second session of the Forty-Second Con-
gress to twelve o'clock meridian, Monday, 3d
June.
mkssaor from the president.
A message from the President of the United
States, in writing, was communicated to the
House by Mr. Horace Porter, his Private
Secretary.
heirs of william A graham.
Mr. DU BOSE. I move that the rules hp
suspended, and that the bill (H. R. No. 1370)
for the relief of the heirs of William A. Gra-
ham be passed.
The SPEAKER.. Pending the motion of
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Du Bose,]
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. But-
ler] rises to make a privileged repoit.
SDRKTIES OF THE LATB JKSSlfi J. SIMPKINS.
Mr. BUTLERj of Massachusetts. I pre-
sent a report from a committee of conference.
The Clerk reud%as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on House bill No. 1390, en-
titled "An act for the relief of the sureties of the
late J esse J. Simpkins," make the following report:
The committee having met, after full and free con-
ference, agree to recommend, and do recommend,
to their respective Houses, as follows:
That the Hout-o recede and agree to the Senate
substitute, with an amendment thereto, as follows ;
Provided, however, That the Attorney General
is hereby t authorized to cause stay of proceedings
against, said sut odes upon the filing of a responsible
bond with sufficient sureties to the appraised value
of any property which may be held under seizure
or attachment in any suit or proceeding in the
courts where the same is pending, then to answer
in the amount of such bonds until the Attorney
(General shall ascertain whether Vnginia will make
payment for said deposit1-?, and in the settlement of
the indebtment ot the sureties of said Simpkins no
interest shall be charged upon the amount so depos-
ited in the treasury of the said St* to of Virginia.
BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,
JOHN A, MNGHfAM,
Matutwrs on the port of the Hoaie.
FRED'S T. FRELlNGliUYSEN,
LO I'M. MORRILL.
JOHN W. JOHNS fON,
Manager* on the pa/1 of the Senate,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This is
a case of simple relief, and the amendment is
to guard the Treasury.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the report of the
committee of conference was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
administration' of justice.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
submit another report from a committee of
conference, which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the report of the committee
of conference, as follows :
The committee of conference appointed by the
Senate and House of Repiesentatives on the dis-
agreeing votes between the two Houses on Senate
biil No. 473, entitled " An act to further the admin-
istration ot justice," rospecfully report, that alter a
full and tree eontereuce, they advise tlicir respective
Houses that the Senate recede from its disagreement
to the amendment proposed by the House of Rep-
icsentitives, and concui thext-in with amendments
so that the siime shall read as follows :
An act ro further the administration of justice.
_ lie it enacted On the Senate and Ilouxe of lie^reseata-
tiven ofthp United State* of America in Conji eif avteui-
b/ed, I'll.it whenevei. in any suit oi piooeedingin a
circuit, court ot the Unite.1 States, being held by a
justice of the Supreme Court and the creuit judge
or a district judge, or by the circuit judge and a dis-
trict judge, the-re sh ill occur any diffoienee of opin-
ion between the judges as to any matter or thing to
be decided, ruled, or ordered by the i ourt, the opin-
ion of the piesidtng justice or the presiding judge
shall prevail, and be considered the Opinion of the
court for the time being; but when a final judgment,
decree, or order in such suit or proceeding shall be
entered, if said judges shall certify, as it shall be
their duty to do if such be the fact, that they differed
in opinion as to any question which, under the act
of Congress of April 29, 1802, might have been re-
viewed by the Supreme Court on certificate of dif-
ference of opinion, then either party may remove
said final judgment, decree, or order to the Supreme
Court, on writ of error or appeal, according to the
nature of the case, and subject to the provisions of
law applicable to other writs of error or appeals in
regard to bail and supersedeas.
Sec. 2. That no judgment, decree  or order of a
circuit or district court of the United States, in any
civil action at law or in equity, rendered after this
act shall take effect, shall be reviewed by the Su-
preme Court of the United States, on writ of error
or appeal, unless the writ of error be sued out, or
the appeal be taken, within two years after the
entry of such judgment, decree, or order; and no
judgment, decree, or order of a district court, ren-
dered after this act shall take effectshall be reviewed
by a circuit court of the United States upon like
process or appeal, unless the process be sued out, or
the appeal be taken, withm one year after the entry
of the judgment, decree, or order sought to be
reviewed: Provided, That where a party entitled
to prosecute a writ of error or to take an appeal is
an infant, or non compos mentis, or imprisoned, such
writ ot error may be prosecuted, or such appeal may
be taken, withm the periods above designated aUer
the entry of the judgment, decree, or order, exclu-
sive of the term of such disability. The appellate
court may affirm, modify, or reverse the judgment,
decree, or order brought before it for review, or
may direct such judgment, decree, or order to be
rendered, or such further proceedings to be had by
the inferior court as the justice of the case may
require.
Sue. 3. That the Supreme Court may at any titne,
in Us discretion, and upon such teruis as it tuny deem
just, and where the detect has not injured and the
amendmont will not prejudico the defendant in
error, allow an amendment of a writ of error, when
there is a mistake m the teste of the writ, or aseal
to the writ is wanting, or when the writ is made re-
turnable on a day other than the day of the com-
mencement of the term noxt ensuing the issue of
the writ, or when the statement ol the title of the
a.ctiun or parties thereto in the writ is defective, if |
the defect can be remedied by reference to the ac-
companying record, and in all ofher particulars of
form where the defect has not prejudiced, and the
amendment will not injure, the defendant in error;
and the circuit and district courts of the United
States shall possess the like power of amendment ot
all process returnable to or before thein.
Sec. 4. That a bill of exceptions hereafter allowed
in any cause shall be deemed sufficiently authentic-
ated if signed by the judge of the court in which
thccause was tried, or by the prosidmgjudge thereof,
if more than one judge sat on the trial of the cause,
without any seal ot court or judge being annexed
thereto ; and all process issued fi om the courts of the
United States shall bear teste from the day of such
issue.
Sec. 5. That the practice, pleadings, and forms and
modes of proceeding in other than equity and ad-
miralty causes m the circuit and district courts of
the United States shall conform, as near as may be,
to the practice, pleading?, and forms and modes ot
proceeding existing at the time in like causes in the
courts of lecord of the State within which such cir-
cuit or district courts are held, any rule of court to
the contiary notwithstanding: Prom«Ud, hoioever,
That nothing herein contained shall alter the rules
ol evidence under the laws of the United States and
as practiced in the courts thereof.
Sbc.G. That in cmnrnon-l.iw causes in the circuit
and district courts of the United States the plaintiff
shall be entitled to similar remedies, by attachment
or other process against the property of the defend-
ant, which are now provided for by the laws of the
State in which such court is held, applicable to the
court-, of such State; and such circuit ox district
courts may, tiom time to time, by general mles,
adopt such State laws as may be in force in the State
m relation to attachments and other process; and the
party recovering j udgment in such cause shall be en-
titled to simitar remedies upon the same, by execu-
tion or otherwise, to reach the property of the judg-
ment debtor, as are now provided by the laws oi' the
State within which said circuit or district courts
shall be he d in like causes, or which shall be
adopted by rules as aforesaid: Provided. That Muii-
lar preliminary affidavits or proofs, and similar
security as required by such laws, shall be first fur-
nished by the party seeking such attachment or other
remedy.
Sec. 7. That whenever notice is gi ven of a motion
for an injunction out of a circuil or district court
of the United States, the court or the judge thereof
may, it there appear to be danger of irreparable
injury from delay, grant an order restraining the act
sought to be enjoined until the decision upon the
motion. Such order may be granted with or with-
out security, in tiie discretion of the court or judge:
Provided, That no justice of the Supreme Court
shall hear or allow any application for an injunction
or lestraiuing older except withiu the circuit to
which he is allotted, and in cau>ea pending in the
circuit to which he is allotted, or in such causes at
such place outside of the circuit as the parties may
in writing stipulate, except in causes where such
application cannot be heaid by the circuit judge of
the cucuir, or the district judge ot the district.
Skc.8. Th'i.t no indictment found and pre enfed
by a grand jury in any district or circuit or other
court ot the United States {•hall be deemed insuffi-
cient, nor shall the trial, judgment, oi other pro-
ceeding thereon be affected by reason of any defect
or imperfection in mattei of form only, which shall
not tend to the prejudice of the defend mt.
Sec. 0. That in ail criminal causes the defendant
may be found guilty of any offense the commission
of which is necessarily included in that with which
he is charged in the indictment, or may be found
guilty of an attempt to commit the offense so
charged: Provided, That such attempt be itself a
separate offense.
Sec. 10. That on an indictment against several, if
the jury cannot agree upon a verdict as to all, they
may render a verdict as to those in regard to whom
they do agree, on which a judgment shall be entered
accordingly; and the cause as to the other defend-
ants may be tried by another jury.
Sec. 11. That any party or person desiring to have
any judgment, decree, or order of any district or
circuit court reviewed on writ of error or appeal,
and to stay proceedings thereon during the pend-
ency of such writ of error or appeal, may give the
security required by law therefor within sixty days
after the rendition of such judgment, decree, or
order, or afteiward with the permission of a justice
or judge of the said appellate court.
Skc. 12. That in all criminal or penal causes in
which judgment or sentence bas been or shall be
rendered, imposing the paymentof afine or penalty,
whether alone or with any other kind of punish-
ment, the said judgment, so far as the fine or pen-
alty is concerned, may be enforced by execution
against the property of the defendant in like man-
ner as judgments in civil cases are enforced: Pro-
vided, That where the judgment directs that the de-
fendant shall be imprisoned until the fine or penalty
imposed is paid, the issue of execution on the judg-
ment shall not operate to discharge the defendant
from imprisonment until the amount of the judg-
ment is collected or otherwise paid. •
Skc. 13. That when in any suit in equity, com-
menced m any courtof the United States, to enforce
any legal or equitable lien or claim against real or
personal property within the district wheresuch suit
is brought, one or mor« of the defendants therein
shall not be an inhabitant of or found within the
said district, or shall not voluntarily appear thereto,
it shall be lawful for the court to make an*6rder
directing such absent defendant to appear, plead,
answer, or demur to the complainant's bill at a cer-
tain day therein to be designated, which order shall
be served on such absent defendant, if practicable,
wherever found, or, where such personal service is
not practicable, such order shall be published in
such manner as the court shall direct; and in case
such absent defendant shall not appear, plead,
answer, or demur within the time so limited, or
within pome further time, to be allowed by the court
in its discretion, and upon proof ot the service or
publication ofsaid order, and of the performance of
the directions contained in the same, it shall be law-
ful for the court to entertain jurisdiction, and pro-
ceed to the hearing and adjudication ol such suit m
the same ui.inner as if such absent defendant had
been served with process within the said district,
but said adjudication shall, as regards such absent
defendant without appearance, affect his property
within such district only.
Sec. 14. That when a poor convict, sentenced by
any court ot the United States to beimprisoned and
pay a line, or fine and cost, or to pay a fine, or fine and
cost, has been confined in prison thirty days, solely
for the non-payment of such tine, or line and co*-t.
such convict may make application in writing to any
commissioner ot the United States court in the dis-
trict where he isimprisoned, settingforth hit, inabil-
ity to pay such fine, or fiueand cost, and alter notice
to the distrietaUorney of the UnitedStates who may
appear, offer evidence, and be heard, the commis-
sioner shall proceed to hear and determine the mat-
ter; and if on examination it shall appear to him
that such convict is unable to pay such line, or fine
and cost, and that he has not any property exceed-
ing twenty dollars in value, except such as is by law
exempt from being tak<m on execution fordebt, the
commissioner shall administer to him the following
oath: " I do solemnly swear that I have not any
property, real or personal, to the amount of twenty
dollars, except such as is by law exempt from being
taken on civil precept, for debt by the laws ot, (state
where oath is administered;) and that I have no
property in any way conveyed or concealed, or in
any way disposed of, for my future use or benefit.
So help meGod." Andthereuponsuchconvietshail
be discharged, the commissioner giving to the jailer
or keeper of theja.il a certificate setting forth the
fae ts.
Sec. 15. That if at any time after such discharge
of such convict it shall be made to appear that in
taking the aforesaid oath he swore falsely, he may
be indicted, convicted, andpunished for peijury, arid
be liable to the penalties prescribed in section thir-
teen of an act entitled "An act more effectually to
provide for the punishment of certain crimes against
the United Stales, and for other purposes," approved
March 3, A.I). 18^5.
Sec. 16. That the fees of the commissioner for the
examination and certificate provided for in this act
shall be five dollars per day for every day that lie
shall be engaged in such examination.
BEYJ F BUTLER,
JNO A. BINGHAM,
Manayera on the part of the House.
MA'I T. H. CARPENTER,
A. G. T11UKMAN.
ROSCOE C0NKL1NG,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. There
are but two or three formal amendments,
otherwise the House bill is substantially agreed
to. There is one amendment of some import-
ance which provides that the rules of evidence
