1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2141
purity of elections in utah.
Mr. WHEELER, by unanimous consent,
introduced a biil (H. B. No. 2198) to promote
the purity of elections in the Territory of Utah;
■which was read a first and secondtime, re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. SARGENT. Not to be brought back
by a motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
public bvii'dino, north l'kovidknce.
Mr. EA.MES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to inquire as to the neces-
sity and expediency of the erection of a suitable
building at North Providence, in the State of Rhode
Island, for a post office and other public offices for
the accommodation of the inhabitants of said North
Providence, Pawtucket. and vicinity, and to report
to this House his views in regard thereto, with such
recommendations as he may deem proper, together
with estimates of the cost of such building and a
suitable site therefor.
colonkl gustavus loomis.
Mr. PETERS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be requested to inquire into the expediency
and justice of granting a pension for the benefit ot
the widow and family of Colonel Gustavus Loomis,
late of the United States Army, and report to this
House by bill or otherwise.
committee of claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the usual resolution in reference to
the investigations of the Committee of Claims.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be, and
they are hereby, authorized to send for persons and
papers whenever in the judgment of said commit-
tee it shall be necessary to obtain additional evi-
dence in regard to any claim before it, and to employ
such assistance as may be necessary.
Is that a usual resolu-
I do
Mr. SARGENT.
tion? ■
Mr. HOLMAN. It is a report from the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. SARGENT. Is it the usual resolu-
tion? .
Mr. HOLMAN. It is the usual resolution,
which within my own recollection has been
adopted for many years past.
Mr. SARGENT. On that assurance,
not object.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is there not a rule re-
quiring these matters to go to the Committee
on Accounts?
Mr. HOLMAN. I think not. The Com-
mittee of Claims have had this power. There
is no rule of this House requiring the subject
to go to the Committee on Accounts.
The resolution was agreed to.
correction of tub journal.
Mr. PACKARD. I rise to a question of
privilege. 1 observe that in the record of the
vote on the passage on Monday last of the bill
in relation to the Baltimore and Potomac rail-
road I am recorded as not voting. I voted,
and voted emphatically in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. Is the omission in the
Globe or in the Journal?
Mr. PACKARD. In both.
security of life on steamboats.
The SPEAKER. The House resumes as
the regular order of business the considera-
tion of House bill No. 2116, to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide for the better
security of life on board of vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam, and tor other
purposes,'' approved February 28, 1871.
The Clerk read the following paragraph:
Sec. 52. That all steamers shall be provided with such
numbers of liie-boats, floats, raits, li' s„j
dr.iea and nuinpsas arerequired bythepro\ision oi
this -it llut no kind of appliances for the preserva-
tion of life shall be used which shall tved
by the board of supervising inspector, and it the
master or owners of any stea?e„rn^;^0^ ire
neglect or refuse to provide such appliances as are
required by the provisions of this act, such master
or owners shall be fined m a sum not exceeding
$1,000; and the board of supervising inspectors may
prescribe, to be used in all vessels carrying passen-
gers, additional appliances for the preservation of
life, subject to the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury: Provided, That any such, appliance or
instrument additional to what is prescribed in
this act shall, before being adopted or. ordered
to be used by such vessels, be fully tested in actual
practice on not less than three vessels during a
period of six months, then to be submittd to the
supervising inspectors, then tested by a board of
officers appointed by the Secretary of the toavy, and
by him approved, as woll as by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend in the
sixth lino by adding, after the words " super-
vising inspectors," the words "and theSecre-
tary of the Treasury."
Mr. NEGLEY. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following section:
Sec. 55. That if any licensed officer shall, to the
hinderance of commerce, wrongfully or unreason-
ably refuse to serve in his1 oiiicial capacity on any
steamer, as authorized by the terms of his certificate
of license, or shall fail to deliver to the applicant
for such service at the time of such refusal, 11 the
same shall be demanded, a statement in writing
assigning good and sufficient reasons therefor; or
if any pilot or engineer shall refuse to admit into
the pilot-house or engine-room any person whom
the master or owner of the vessel may desire to place
there for the purpose of learning tho profession, his
license shall be revoked or suspended for a period
not exceeding one year, during which suspension or
revocation such officer shall be disqualified from
holding any position of trust or responsibility under
the provisions of this act on board any vessel under
the jurisdiction of the Government of tho United
States; and no such revocation or suspension shall
be modified or rescinded, except by appeal to and
action ot tlie board ot supervising inspectors. And
if the lieenso of any olliccr authorized under tlie
provisions of this act shall bo revoked by reason of
intemperance or other misconduct, and lie shall
thereafter be guilty of the same offense, his license
shall be again revoked, and he shall forever alter
be disqualified from holding any position ot trust or
responsibility under the provisions ot this act.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I offer
the following amendment:
After the word "that," in the first line, strike out
the following: ,
If any licensed officor shall, to the hinderance
of commerce, wrongfully or unreasonably refuse to
serve in his official capacity on any steamer, as
authorized by the terms of his certincato of license,
or shall fail to deliver to tho applicant for such ser-
vice at the time of such refusal, if tho same shall be
demanded, a statement in writing assigning good
and sufficient reasons therefor; or if.
Mr. NEGLEY. I do not agree to that
amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Can the
gentleman give a satisfactory reason for making
this service compulsory on the part of any
licensed officer?
Mr. NEGLEY. That is the present law,
and I see no reason for making a change. _
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If it is
the present law, what is the use of reenacting
it? I do not think it is the present law. As
I understand it, any man who lias a license
as master or mate of a vessel is obliged, if
a ship-owner comes to him, to accept, if re-
quested, tlie position of master or mate on
hoard his ship.
Mr. NEGLEY. No, sir; but if in command
of a vessel he is obliged, to perform Ins duty.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The words
are, "refuse to serve in his official ^capacity
on any steamer, as authorized by the terms
of his certificate of license."
Mr. NEGLEY. The gentleman should not
complain of compulsory requirements in this
law, after advocating and voting for them, as
he did yesterday, in regard to pilotage. _ _
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Ihis is
not confined to persons actually engaged on
board any vessels; but it applies to any man
who has a license, and if the_ owner of a ves-
sel comes to him and'demands ot him that he
shall serve on boaid that vessel, lie is obliged
under thife law to do it.
Mr. NEGLEY. I beg to differ from the
gentleman. The officer's official capacity
only commences when he is in the employ of
the vessel.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. That is
not said.
Mr. NEGLEY. It is said "in his official
capacity."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. _ I desire
to call the attention of the gentleman'who has
charge of this bill to this matter. Let me
state to him a case. Here is a man licensed
as captain of a sea-going steamer of two thou-
sand tons, who happens to he anywhere near a
tug boat, and the owner of the tug-boat orders
him on that boat to serve for ten or fifteen
dollars a month, or whatever the^ captain of
a tug-boat receives, and under this provision
lie would be obliged to go.
Mr. NEGLEY. The illustration is not ap-
plicable to this ease, or to any ease intended
under the provisions of this section.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The sec-
tion says " any licensed officer."
Mr. NEGLEY. Who is serving in his offi-
cial capacity.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
any licensed officer who shall refuse to serve
in his official capacity on any steamer.
The question was taken on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Hooper, of Massachusetts ;
and there were—ayes twenty-one, noes not
counted.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I offer
another amendment. I move tt> insert after
the word "officer," in the first line of the
section, the words " engaged to serve on board
of any vessel;" so that it will read :
That if any licensed officer engaged to serve on
board of any vessel shall, to the hinderance of com-
merce, wrongfully or unreasonably refuse to serve
in bis official capacity on any steamer, as authorized
by the terms of his certificate of license, or shall fail
to deliver to tho applicant for such service at the
time of such refusal, if tho same shall be demanded,
a statement in writing assigning good and sufficient
reasons therefor, &c.
Mr. NEGLEY. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I offer
another amendment, which is necessary in
order to carry out the one adopted. It is to
strike out the words "on any steamer,"
which, I think, the gentleman will see are
quite unnecessary. _
Mr. NEGLEY. I think the object of the
gentleman is fully attained by his amendment
which has already been agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Well, I
move to strike out those words.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Seo. 56. That every captain, chief ma,te, engineer,
and pilot of any sucll vessel shall, before entering
upon bis duties, makesoleam oath before one of tho
inspectors herein provided for. to be recorded with
the certificate, that lie will laithfully and honestly,
according to his best skill and j udgnient, without
concealment, or reservation, perform all tho duties
required of him by this act. And if any such cap-
tain. chief mate, engineer, or pilot, or any person
summoned under this act as a witness, shall, when
under examination on oath by any such inspector,
knowingly and intentionally falsify the truth, sucn
person shall be deemed guilty of perjury , and it con-
victed bo punished accordingly: Provided, however,
That when any such licensed officer is employed oil
a steamer in a district distant from any local board
of inspectors, such inspectors, or the supervising in-
spector of the district, may grant a renewal ot ms
license without such licensed ofticer being personally
present, under such regulations as the board or
supervising inspectors shall prescribe.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. An
amendment is necessary to that section in
consequence of changes made in prior sec-
tions. I move, in the second line, to strike
out tho words "and pilots," because they are
no longer under the inspectors.
Mr NEGLEY. I object to that, because
it applies to pilots upon the interior rivers
and lakes as well as to sea-going pilots.
Mr BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
see why a pilot should make solemn oath be-
fore an inspector who lias nothing to do with
him. However, I will not press the amend-
ment.
