1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
Mr. SNAPP. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 68, noes 82.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question first to be
voted on is the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] which the
Clerk will again report.
The Clerk read as follows :
Strike out all after the word "resolved " and insert
tbe following:
That the contcsted-election case from the third
congressional district of Texas be recommitted to
the Committee of Elections with instructions to
report, upon the merits of the case, who is entitled
to repies*mt said district in this House, with author-
ity to make regulations to govern the mode of con-
ducting the contest and taking the testimony.
Mr. KERR called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question wa9 taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 81, nays 101, not voting
56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Beatty,
Beck, Bell. Biggs, Bingham, Bird, James G. Blair,
Braxton, Bright, Caldwell, Carroll, Conner, Cox,
Crebs, Critcher, Cropland, Davis, Dox, Du Bose,
Duke, Eldridge, Farnswortli, Henry D. Foster,
Gaifield, Gaireti, Gctz, IInraMeton.Tlnneock, Hand-
ley. llankx. Harper, John T. Ilnrris, Hay, Hereford,
Hernclo:}. Hibbard, Holm/m, Kerr, King. Lamison,
Leaob, Lewis, Manson, Marshall, McClelland, Mc-
Cormick, Mclieriry, Mclrtyre, McKinney, Meruek,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan, Niblack, Hosea W.
Parker, Eli Perry, Potter. Kauda.ll, Read, Edward
Y. Bice, John M. Rice, William R. Roberts, Sher-
wood, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, Stevens, Storm, Dwigiit
Townsend, Turner, Tuthill, Van Trump, Vaughan,
Voorhees, AVaddell, Warren, Whitthorne, Winches-
ter, and Wood—81.
NAYS —Mes?rs. Ambler, Avorill, Banks, Barber,
Barry, Bcveridge, Austin Blair, George M. Brooks,
Buffinton, Burcliard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Coburn, Coghian, Conger, Cot-
ton, Darrall, Dawes, Dickey, Donnnn, Duell, Dun-
neli, Bames, Farweli, Finkeinburg, Charles Foster,
Wilder D. Foster. Frye, Goodrich, llarmer. Ilaven^,
Hawley, Gerry W. Hnzleton, John W. Hazleton,
Hill, Hour, llooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg,
Keteham, Killinger, Lansmg. Lowe, Lynch, Moy-
nard, McCrnry, McKee, Mercur, Mcrriam, Monroe,
Moore, Leonard Myers. Negley, Orr. Packard,
Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendle-
ton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Piatt, Porter,
Prindle, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sargent, Sco-
field, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Snellabarger, H.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snapp, Snyder,
Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Steven-
son, Strong, Taffe, Thomas, Washington Townsend,
Twichell, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman. Walden, Wald-
ron. Wallace. Walls, Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams
of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wil-
son—101.
NOT VOTING—Meesrs. Ames, Archer, Barnum,
Bigby, James Brooks, Buckley, Campbell, Clarke,
Cobb, Comingo, Creely, Be Large, Edwards, Elliott,
Ely. Forker, Golladay, Griffith, IJaldeman, Hale,
Halsey, George E. Harris, Ilajs. Kendall, Km^ella,
Lamport. McGrew. McJunkin, McNcoly, Mitchell,
Morey, Morphis, Poland, Price, Rainey, IMtehie,
Robinson, Rogers. Roosevelt, Sawyer, Seelef'. Sho-
bor, Shoemaker, Worthington C. Smith, R. Milton
Speer, Stoughton, Stoweil, St. John, Sutherland,
Swann, Sypher, Terry, Weils, Willard, Williams of
New York, and Young—56.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
During the roll call,
Mr. STOUGHTON stated thathe was paired
upon this question with Mr. Terry, who would
have voted for the amendment, while he (Mr.
Stoughton) would have voted against it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, stated that
he was paired upon this question with Mr.
Wells, who would have voted for the amend-
ment, while he (Mr. Harris) would have voted
against it.
The resultofthe vote having been announced !
as above recorded, the question recurred upon
agreeing to the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee of Elections.
Mr. BIGGS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion was
disagreed to—ayes 67, noes 91.
The Clerk read the resolution reported by
the Committee of Elections, as follows:
Resolved, That W. T. Clarke has the prima facie,
right to a seat as representative from the third con-
gressional district of the State of Texas, and is en-
titled to take the oath of office as a member of this
House, without prejudice to the right of any person
claiming to have been elected thereto to contest
his right to said seat upon the merits.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon agreeing to that resolution. I want
to put gentlemen upon record in this outrage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 78, not
voting 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler. Averill, Banks, Barber,
Barry, Beveridge, Austin Blair, George M. Brooks,
Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin 3?. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Coburn, Coghian, Conger, Cot-
ton, Darrall, Dawes, Diekey, Donnan, Duell. Dun-
nell, Barnes, Farweli, Finkeinburg, Charles Foster,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Goodrich, Halsey, Harmer,
Havens, Hawley, Gerry W. Hazleton, John W.
Hazleton, Hill, Hoar. Hooper, Houghton, Kelley,
Keteham, ICillinger, Lansing, Lowe, Lynch, May-
nard, MeCrary, McKee, Mercur, Merriam, Monroe,
Moore, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard,
Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton,
Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Piatt, Porter, Prin-
dle, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sargent, Scoficld, Ses-
sions, Shanlcs, Sheldon, Shellabargei, II. Boarduian
Smith, John A. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J.
Sneer, Sprague, Stevenson, Strong, Sypher, Taffe,
Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner, Twichell,
Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron. Wal-
lace, Walls, Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of Indi-
ana, Jeremiah M, Wilson, and John T. Wilson—102.
NATS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Arthur, Beatty,
Beck, Bell. Biggs, Bingham, Bird, James G-. Blair,
Braxton. Bright, Caldwell, Carroll, Conner, Cox,
Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Davis, Dox, DuBose,
Duke, Bldridge, Farnsworth, Henry D. Foster, Gar-
field, Garrett, Getz, Hambleton, Hancock, Handles',
Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris, Hereford, Horndon,
Ilibbard. Ilolman, Kerr, King, Lamison, Leach,
Lewis. Manson. Marshall, McClelland, MeCormick,
McHenry, Mclntyre. McICinney, Merrick. Benjamin
F. Meyers, Morga-n, Niblack, Ilosea. W. Parker, 13U
Perry, Potter, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rico, John
M. Rice, William R. Roberts, Sherwood, Slater,
Slocum, Slogs, Storm, Dwight Townsend, Tuthill,
Van Trump, \ra,ughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Warren,
Whitthorne, Winchester, and Wood—78.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ame\ Areher, Barnum,
Bigby, James Brooks, Buckley, Campbell, Clarke,
Cobb, Comingo, Creely, DeLarge, Edwards, Elliott,
Ely, Forker, Golladay, Griffith, Hnldemnn, Hale,
George E.Harris, Hay, Hays, Kellogg, Kendall,Kin-
sellu, Lamport, AlcGrew, McJunkin, McNeely,
Mitchell, Morey, Morphis, Poland, Price, Rainey,
Ritchie, Robinson, Rogers. Roosevelt, Sawyer, Soe-
ley, Shober, Shoemaker, Worthington C. Smith, R.
Milton Speer, Starkweather, Stevens, Stoushton,
Stoweil, St. John, Sutherland, Swann. Terry, Wells,
Willard. Williams of New York, and Young—5S.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. VOORHEES said: I desire to state that
Mr. Robinson is detained at his house by severe
illness in his family.
Mr. William T. Clarke then presented
himself and was sworn in.
s black and albert r. cooper.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a hill (H. R. No. 887) for the relief
of Samuel Black & Albert R. Cooper; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee of Claims, and ordered to be
printed
iron si2 4-ooing steamships
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
888) to authorize the sale of unserviceable ves-
sels and materials in the United States Navy,
and to provide for the construction of twenty
iron sea-going steamships ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
gassway 0. yarnall
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, by
unanimous consent, introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 889) for the relief of Gassway O. Yarnall,
late first lieutenant company Q-, ninety-seventh
regiment Pennsylvania volunteers ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
caleb hooper.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, also,by
unanimous consent, introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 890) for the relief of Caleb Hooper, late
captain company G, ninety-seventh regiment
Pennsylvania volunteers; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
pay of a deceased member.
Tbe SPEAKER, byunanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Sergeant-
at-Arms in relation to the pay of a deceased
member from the State of Louisiana; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
references of bills
Mr. RANDALL. I move to reconsider
the various references of bills, &c., to-day; and
also move that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Again the Chair makes
a protest against any introduction and refer-
ence of bills except on Monday.
Mr. DICKEY. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BEATTY : A petition of letter-car-
riers of Cincinnati, askingfor increase ofsalary.
By Mr. BIGGS : The petition of Governor
Ponder, B. IT. Johnson, L. B. Chandler, and
some 50 others, citizens of Delaware, praying
for the reestablishment of the light house at
the mouth of Mispillion river, in that State,
and also a letter from the Governor of Dela
ware on the same subject.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
A. H. Seabury and 136 others, citizens of New
Bedford, Massachusetts, praying for the repeal
of the tax ou savings banks.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts : The
petition of Abigail Griggs, of Watertown, Mas-
sachusetts, widow of a soldier of the war of
1812, praying for a pension.
By Mr. CONNER: A petition of manu-
facturers, growers, and dealers of tobacco, of
Galveston, Texas, praying for a uniform tax
on all descriptions of manufactured tobacco.
By Mr COX: The memorial of D. H.Lou
don, of New York citv, on the, currency.
By Mr. CREBS . The petition of Robert W.
Miller and 50 others, citizens of Cairo, Illinois,
praying for aid to establish an iron-ship and
boat-building yard in the Mississippi valley
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of Ebeling,
Beck & Pebler, Neill & Ellinghaoi, and others,
of the city of Wheeling, West Virginia, pray-
ing the passage of a law establishing the uni-
form rate of tax at sixteen cents per pound ou
all manufactured tobacco entering the market
for consumption.
By Mr. DOX: The petition of U. L. Jones,
president, and Henry St. Paul, secretory of the
board of swamp and overflowed land agents
of the State of Alabama, praying Congress to
authorize by law the selection by the State
of Alabama of swamp and overflowed lands
granted to that State by the act of 25th Sep-
tember, 1850, &c.
By Mr. ELY: A memorial of 145 women,
residents of the Workingwomen's Home in
Elizabeth street, New York city, praying that
tbe remaining public lands be reserved for
onhial ootnorc
By Mr. HARPER: The petition of Mary
Blanton, praying that the provision of the act
of 1866, giving pensions to widows of soldiers
who served six months, be amended to read
"three months" instead of "six," and that the
increased pay allowed by act of July, 1868, be
extended accordingly.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
memorial of Harriet A. Itidgway, in relation
to the Ridgway revolving battery, invented by
! her late husband.
By Mr. KELLEY : A petition of the Board
of Trade and merchants of Philadelphia, for
an improvement of the lights in Delaware bay
and river in accordance with the recommend-
ation of the Light-House Board.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of Cal-
vin Post, of Blount county, Tennessee, pray-
ing for indemnity for losses sustained at the
hands of United States troops.
