2142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
The Clerk read as follows:
Seo. 57. That when any captain, engineer, or pilot,
or other person employed on any steamboat or ves-
sel, by whose willful misconduct, negligence, or in-
attention to his or their duties on such vessel, the
life of any person shall be destroyed, or if in con-
sequence Of fraud, connivance, willful misconduct,
or violation of law by any owner or inspector, or
other public officer, the life of any person shall be
destroyed, he or they shall be deemed guilty of man-
slaughter, and, upon conviction thereof before any
district or circuit court of the United States, shall
be sentenced to confinement at hard labor for a
period of not more than ten years.
Mr. HOAR. It will be observed that this
fifty-seventh section enacts that whenever by
■willful misconduct of any captain, engineer,
or pilot, &c., human life is destroyed the
offense shall be manslaughter. Now, does he
propose to do away with the offense of murder
on the high seas ?
Mr. HALE. And more than that, it pro-
vides that whenever life shall be destroyed by
violation of law the offense shall be man-
slaughter. It proposes to cut down the crime
of murder to manslaughter.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
had better say "manslaughter or murder, as
the court may find."
Mr. HALE. As the section now stands it
fixes the crime as manslaughter. The gentle-
man certainly does not want to do that.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Maine move an amendment?
■ Mr. HALE. I move to strike out the sec-
tion.
Mr. NEGLEY. Why, you do not want to
strike out the whole section.
Mr. HALE. Yes, I do.
Mr. NEGLEY. Put in your amendment in
words, " or murder."
Mr. HOAR. I suggest to the gentleman
that he allow the section to be stricken out
now, and then at the end of the bill let the
chairman of the committee put in some such
section as he desires.
Mr. HALE. 1 think that would be the best
way. It is very proper that a section of penal-
ties should come in at the close of the bill, and
he can frame a section that will suit all parties?
Mr. NEGLEY. I have no objection to that
course being pursued.
The question was taken on Mr. Hale's
motion, and it was agreed to; and the fifty-
seventh section was stricken out.
The Clerk read the following:
Sec. 58. That the hull and boiler or boilors, and
machinery and appurtenances of every ferry-boat
shall bo mspcctcd as required for passenger steam-
ers in section eleven, and shall be furnished with
boats and steam-pumps as already prosenbod, and
shall be supplied with firo-buckets and axes as re-
quired for passenger steamers, and shall also be
equipped with such number of lifo-pi-eservers as may
be prescribed by the local inspectors. And all steam
canal-boats carrying passengers, and every steam
yacht, shall be inspected, as respects hull, boilors,
and machinery, pumps, boats, firo-buckets, and axes,
as required for passenger steamers, in sections throe,
seven, eight, ten, and eleven, and shall also carry
cork or other equally efficient life-preservers, equal
m numberto the number of personsearried on board
suchyaehtorcanal-boat; and no ferry-boat or steam
yacht shall be navigated without a licensed pilot and
engineer, who shall bo subject to the same regu-
lations as officers navigating passenger steamers.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I move to amend the
last clause of this section by striking out the
words "or sleam yacht."
Mr. NEGLEY. I have no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the sixty-second section, of
which the following was the last clause:
And each supervising-inspector shall be paid #3,000
per annum; and every inspector shall be paid for
his actual reasonable traveling expenses, at thorate
ol ten cents per mile, when incurred in the perform-
ance of his duty ; and also for transportation of instru-
ments, which shall be certified and sworn to under
such instructions as shall be given by the Secretary
ot tho Treasury.
Mr. TOWNSEN"D, of New York. I move
to amend the last clause of the section just
read by striking out the words "at the rate
of" and inserting the words "not to exceed,"
before the words " ten cents per mile."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 63. That for the purposes of this act, and the
several enactments herein contained, with respect
to inspections, certificates, and licenses, the word
"measurement" shall be held to mean custom-
house measurement.
" Passenger steamers"—Steamers carrying any
persons for hire, other than officers and crew, and
other employes, and the owner or owners and his
or their families and servants, excepting only ferry-
boats.
"Yacht"—Steamers navigated by the owner or
owners for their own pleasure, and not carrying any
persons for hire, or used or navigated for any com-
mercial purpose.
" Passenger"—Includes any person carried for hire
on a steamer other than the officers and crew, and
other employes, and the owner or owners, and his
or their families, and servants.
"Ferry-boats"—Steamers running under charferor
license, as such, from State, county, or municipal
authorities, between special points or places.
"Tug-boat" or"towing-boat"—Steamers employed
exclusively in towing other vessels or barges, ladened
or unladened, floats, rafts, and so forth, and that
carry no persons for hire other than their own offi-
cers and crew, and persons engaged in navigating or
employed in working the vessels, barges, rafts, and
so forth, being towed or assisted.
" Freight-boats"—Steamers employed exclusively
in carrying freight or towins other vessels or barges
for carrying freight, and that carry no persons other
than their own officers and crow, and persons en-
gaged in navigating orworking the vessels or barges
towed.
" Canal-boats"—Steamers constructed for, and
especially adapted to, and used wholly or mainly
for navigating canals.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend the clause relating to " tug-boat or
towing-boat," by striking out the words "and
so forth " where they occur, for I do not know
what they mean.
Mr. CONGER. The words "andso forth"
are put in here because there are a large num-
ber of floating crafts that it is impossible to
name specifically. It is desirable that this
law shall not be limited, but shall be left to
apply to articles and things which may not be
specifically named. I cannot see any objection
to having those words in.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If those
words are left in, and this bill shall become a
law, it will be the first time that the words
" et cetera," to give the Latin words for " and
so forth," ever were enacted into a law.
Mr. CONGER. I suppose the gentleman
is well aware, from his legal studies, that Lord
Coke says there is very great learning and
infinite meaning contained in the words " et
cetera.''
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I never
heard that before.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman, then, has
not followed the study of law as closely as I
expected.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
understood that he said something about
"videlicet," but not about "and so forth."
I undertake to say that the words."and so
forth" cannot be found in any enactment.
This is a section of definitions, and this para-
graph is intended to define what "tug-boat"
or " towing-boat" should mean. Now it says
" steamers employed in towing other vessels,
or barges, floats, rafts, and so forth." What
does that mean?
Mr. CONGER. It means things similar to
"floats" and "rafts.'.'
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I con-
fess I ain not lawyer enough to know what
" towing and so forth" means. But I mean
distinctly to say that it isvery loose legislation.
If it is meant to include other water-borne
material of a like kind, then say so.
Mr. HOAR. I would suggest that the para-
graph be amended by striking out the words
"other vessels or barges, laden or unladen,
floats, rafts, and so forth;" so that it will
read:
"Tug-boat" or "towing-boat."—Steamers em-
ployed exclusively in towing, and that carryno per-
sons for hire other than their own ofhoeis and
creiv, and persons engaged in navigating, or em-
ployed m working the vessel, barges, raits, and so
forth, being towed or assisted.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The last
part of the clause should be amended. It
now reads "persons engaged in navigating or
employed in working the vessels, barges, rafts,
and so forth, being towed or assisted." It
should be made to read "the water craft so
being towed."
Mr. CONGER. I have no objection to
that, but I think it makes the confusion worse
confounded. Still I think it is hardly worth
contending about.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move to amend by strik-
ing out "and so forth," inline twenty-one,
and inserting "and other like water craft."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Very well.
I have no objection to that.
Mr. HOAR. I understood the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Negley] to concur
in the amendment which was made to line
twenty-one.
Mr. NEGLEY. No, sir, I did not.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I should
like to ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
what sort of water craft a " float" is.
The SPE/1KER. The Chair would suggest
that the two gentlemen from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Btttler aud Mr. Hoar,] the gentleman
Irom Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Negley,]
should act as a special committee to arrange
the language of this section while the rest of
the bill is being disposed of. The questions
arising appear to be purely philological.
Mr. CONGER. 1 suggest that the language
should read: "floats, rafts, and other float-
age. " The word " floatage " is a general term
used to indicate anything of that class.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Conger] will be -consid-
ered as adopted.
There was no objection, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out the words " or as-
sisted " at the end of the paragraph in regard
to tug-boats or towing-boats. Those words
seem to have no reference to anything that
precedes, and must have got-in by mistake.
Mr. NEGLEY. Not at all.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
amendment?
Mr. NEGLEY. Unquestionably.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Skc. 64. That the Secretary of the Treasury may,
upon application therefor, remit or mitigate an> line
or penalty provided for in this act, or discontinue
any prosecution to recover penalties denounced in
this act, excepting the penalty of imprisonment, or
ot removal from office, upon such terms as he in his
discretion shall think proper; and that all rights
granted to informers by this act shall be held sub-
ject to tho said Secretary's power ol remission, ex-
cept m eases where the claims of any informer to the
share oi any penalty shall have been determined by
a court of competent jurisdiction prior to the appli-
cation for the remission of said penalty; and tliat
the said Secretary shall have authority to ascertain
the tacts upon all such applications, in such manner
and under such regulations as he may deem proper.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. 1 would
like the gentleman from Pennsylvania to ex-
plain the meaning of the word " denounced "
in this section ; it speaks of " any prosecution
to recover penalties denounced in this act."
Mr. NEGLEY. I do not know that I am
obliged to explain every phrase in the bill, or
answer every inquiry which the gentleman
may make. The word to which he refers is
simpiy a legal term ; and I will refer him for
information to his colleague, [Mr. Butler,
of Massachusetts,] who is more familiar, I
suppose, than most of us with legal terms.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman says he understands it I am sat-
isfied.
The Clerk read the following:
Sec. 66 That, thesalariesofall supervising inspect-
ors, local inspectors, assistant inspectors, supervis-
ing inspector general, and clerks, herein provided
tor, together vvith their traveling and other expenses
when on official duty, and ail instruments, books,
blanks, stationery, furniture,and other things neces-
SurTA° car.r7~lDl° the provisions ot this act,
snail be paid forunder thedirection of tho Secretary
ot the ireasury, out of tho revenues received into
