1246
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
people, without doing any extended good. If
we should publish the laws in any of the local
newspapers of the State we should publish
them in a sufficient number of those news-
papers to convey information to the people.
But no; the laws are published in two coun-
try papers in New York, the same in Rhode
Island, the same in Illinois, and in other
States.
A Member. In Delaware the eyes of the
people can be upon them.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, yes ; 1 have no
doubt that in Delaware the eyes of the people
may be upon them ; but the eyes of the people
of New York cannot be upon the two country
newspapers that are selected there. The whole
thing is illogical, unfair, gratuitous, and we
should not keep it up. It is one of those
things that have grown up here into an abuse,
until it is difficult for us to eradicate it, hav-
ing become a custom. I do hope my friend
from Ohio, the chairman of the Committtee
on Appropriations, [Mr. Garfield,] will
manage in some way to secure the repeal of
the law authorizing this publication. I sup-
pose that where the newspapers have already
published the laws we are bound to pay them.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Can the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
inform the House what it costs the Govern-
ment to print these laws in the papers through-
out the country ; what is the cost to the Gov-
ernment?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think some sev-
enty or eighty thousand dollars a year.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. And the
publication, is made exclusively in the papers
of one political party, is it not?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not know; I
have not seen the papers, but I am inclined
to think such is the case, that it would be
regarded as part of the patronage of the
Administration.
Mr. KILLINGER. I suppose my colleague
[Mr. Sfeer] is waiting for his turn at that
patronage.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. No, sir; I
think it is an out-rage upon the Government,
and a wa-ite of' the public money.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to close
the debate and ask for a vote.
Mr. KILLINGER. Does this motion to
stride out. inelude the clause providing for the
payment for the publication of the laws of the
last Congress?
The CHAIRMAN. It is a motion to strike
out the clause making an appropriation.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennslyvania. I suppose
that any gentleman who is interested in news-
puners receiving this pap from the Govern-
ment would, under the rules of the House, be
prevented from voting upon this proposition.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 desire to ask the ques-
tion whether t|)is is an appropriation merely
to pay a debt already contracted for?
Sir. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This is simply
paying an old debt.
Mr. DICH1I1Y. And a debt contracted under
the law.
Mr. HOLMAN. We propose in this appro-
priation to pay a debt which we gave notice
before the creation of the debt we would not
pay.
fhe amendment of Mr. Holman was not
agrt-ed to; there being—ayes forty-one, noes
not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Foreign intercourse:
For salaries of envoys extraordinary, and minis-
ters plenipotentiary, and ministers resident, for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1871, £42,(WO; and for the
fiscal year onding Juno 30,1872, §50,000,
Mi', W. li. ROBERTS. I wish to inquire
how there comes to be so large a deficiency
in this matter tf our foreign intercourse? I
would like to obtain information on this point
from the genvleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gab-
field.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will turn to the book of estimates h§ will
find on page 246 a letter from the Comptroller
of the Treasury, in which it is stated that
hitherto the unexpended balances which have
always passed over from year to year have en-
abled the State Department to meet expendi-
tures which must now be provided for in the
form of deficiencies. It is also stated in this
letter, which I will not occupy time by reading,
that the Department is never able to tell in
advance how much it will cost to run the De-
partment, for the reason that there are con-
stant changes in our foreign ministers. Some
are recalled; some resign; sometimes there
is an overlapping of the term of a new ap-
pointee 'with that of the outgoing minister.
Sometimes two terms overlap in this way forty,
fifty, or sixty days. Expenses arising iu this
way cannot be definitely known in advance.
Hitherto the Department has been able to
meet these unforeseen expenses by unexpended
balances. But now for the first time all un-
expended balances are covered into the Treas-
ury. Hence, the necessity for this deficiency
appropriation. The Department has asked
that we may repeal, so far as relates to the
State Department, the law of July, 1870,
which provides for covering into the Treasury
unexpended balances ; but the Committee on
Appropriations have been unwilling to make
such a recommendation, believing the law to
be wise, and that it is better to appropriate as
a deficiency the money necessary to meet
these expenses.
The Clerk read as follows:
Inauiry respecting food-fishes:
For continuing the inquiry into the cause of the
decrease of the food-fishes of the coast and of the
lakes, $3,500.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I move to amend by
inserting after the clause just read the follow-
ing :
For fish-breeding establishments on the Atlantic
and Pacific coasts, $10,000; to be expended by the
United States commissioner appointed to inquire
into the decrease of food-fishes, in such manner as
he shall think most advisable.
Mr. GARflELD, of Ohio. Let me sug-
gest to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Roosevelt] that his proposition will more
appropriately find a place in the miscellaneous
appropriation bill, which will be the next ap-
propriation bill coming up for consideration.
The appropriation he proposes is certainly not
a deficiency, and I suggest to him to withdraw
the amendment and offer it when the miscel-
laneous appropriation bill comes up.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I will explain to the
gentleman that the pending paragraph makes,
as 1 understand, an appropriation to pay
the expenses of the United States commis-
sioner of fisheries ; and the additional appro-
priation which I propose is in pursuit of the
same object, and to be expended by the same
officer.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is not an
appropriation for this year. It relates to the
next fiscal year, and is therefore not appropri-
ate in this deficiency bill. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw it.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Very well; I with-
draw it.
Mr. HOLMAN. For the purpose of ascer-
taining some of the facts in reference to this
matter, I move to strike out the paragraph last
read, appropriating $3,500 for continuing the
inquiry into the causes of the decrease of food-
fishes. I would call the attention of the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations to
the fact that when the law was passed provid-
ing for the making of this inquiry it was un-
derstood, I think, that it would be attended
with no expense; that an officer of the Smith-
sonian Institution, already receiving a salary
from the Government, would make this ex-
amination. It was, 1 think, with this view
that Congress was induced to sanction this
rather local enterprise, confined to a compara-
tively small portion of the United States—the
sea-board and the mouths of our great rivers.
It now turns out that this inquiiy is to be a
source of heavy expense, there beiug in addi-
tion to this appropriation of $3,500 another
of $500, making $4,000 for the expenses of a
single gentleman who already receives a salary
from the Government.
I wish to inquire of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, first, whether
Professor Baird, in the performance of this
duty, does not receive his full salary out of the
Smithsonian fund, and whether the whole of
this expenditure of $4,000 is not to meet his
current expenses? And I desire in the same
connection to call the attention of the gentle-
man who has charge of the bill to the fact that
this bill to a very alarming extent provides for
new elements of expenditure. There are in
connection with this District new elements of
expenditure amounting to $27,000, and with
this investigation making an expenditure ex-
ceeding $30,000 now, and one which will
certainly go on increasing in the future.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. No part of the
appropriation here asked for is for a salary to
the officer making this inquiry. He is paid
by the Smithsonian Institution. All his per-
sonal services in this matter are gratuitous,
and all that is asked for now is to pay the
necessary expenditures connected with the
investigation. Of course he has to travel. He
has to go along the coast, and to make exam-
inations and explorations at considerable ex-
pense. He goes also to the lakes. His explo-
rations extend over the whole chain of the
western lakes. He has taken photographs of
leading specimens of fishes found along the
coast as well as in the lakes, as the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holmax] will see, if he
will take the trouble to call on Professor Baird
and examine the very valuable collection of
food fishes which he has made. No one can
look at that collection without being struck
with the vast importance of the work done.
And few, I believe, are aware of the extent
to which the fishes of our coasts and lakes
form an element in the food of our people.
Some most interesting facts concerning those
fishes, and the modes of preserving them from
spoliation and even destruction, have been
brought out by this examination.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it not the fact that sci-
entific investigations of this matter are going
on all over the country oil private account,
and that practically the subject of preserving
fish for food and preventing the extermina-
tion of various kinds of food fish is one for
local law? The States have got to legislate
on this subject. These investigations prac-
tically amount to nothing. Every one knows
that fish for food all over the country, more
in inland waters than along the sea-board, are
steadily diminishing, bat you have no remedy
except by local legislation of the several States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say, in
continuation of my remarks, that if this were
merely a matter which the States themselves
could take care of, I should be glad to leave it
to them. But along the sea-coast, particu-
larly beyond the limitations of the States, out-
side their jurisdiction, nothing but the na-
tional authority can control the matter.' And
so practical have been the results thus far
obtained that Professor Baird has declared
that the law can be made as clearly, plainly,
and perfectly to protect the food fishes from
destruction as we can protect quail and other
game birds from destruction by a law pre-
venting the hunting them at certain times.
The habits of these fish, under the investiga-
tion, have been so fully developed that I am
satisfied that Professor Baird has discovered
the natural laws in regard to these fishes, with
the knowledge of which a very simple bill can
be framed to protect them as certainly as you
can by law protect quail, &c.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I move to strike out
the last word for the purpose of saying a few
words on this subjec;t; for I consider it of verj>
