2144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April Oj
on sailing vessels, for instance, shall be the
law from this date?
Mr. CONGER. I will answer the gentle-
man's question. There is no particular change
iu this bill from the present law ; but the law
regulating the sailing and lights of vessels
already in existence is embodied in this bill,
so that all the laws relating to this subject may
be accessible to those concerned, in one bill,
and in one form. There is no change in this
law requiring to be known for any consider-
able length of time by those upon whom it will
operate. It is a modification of the provisions
of existing law, and an incorporation of that
with other provisions in this act; and there is
no change, as 1 understand, the coming of
which into operation immediately will prove
troublesome. And I will say to the gentleman
that it is very desirable that this law shall not
only be passed, but that it shall go into imme-
diate effect in order to enable the Secretary
of the Treasury to withhold, as he has with-
held by sufferance heretofore, some of the
provisions of the law now in force, which were
considered onerous on the shipping interests
of the country.
I can see no reason why this bill should not
take immediate effect. It is for the benefit of
navigation that the law is changed, and it is
desirable to all concerned that it should go
into speedy operation. The effect of the
motion of the gentleman would bo to defeat
the main object of passing the bill, which is
to relieve from imaginary or real burdens
under the provisions of the present law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Remem-
bering the provisions of th'e law of 1871, and
seeing that the provisions of this bill rather
relieve those provisions than add to them, I
am, so far as 1 am concerned, somewhat, con-
vinced by the statement of the gentleman from
Michigan. I do not see that this bill will add
to the burdens of the shipping interests at all,
and I shall not insist on my amendment.
Mr. HOAR. After the statement of the
gentleman from Michigan, I will modify my
motion so as to put it in its original form, that
the act shall not take effect until the 1st day
of July.
Mr. NEGLEY. I sincerely hope the gen-
tleman will not insist upon his motion. It,
would cost the industries engaged iu navi-
gation many millions of dollars. The only
object of the bill is to relieve those interests
of exaction that will cost the owners of each
vessel from five to fifteen hundred dollars
under the provisions of the existing law, and
under the existing law the manufacturers of
boiler-irou are required to comply with certain
restrictions, which they refuse to comply with,
and consequently I hey avoid all contracts.
Mr. KERR. Let me say, in addition to
what the gentleman from Pennsylvania has
said, that this bill has been a long time under
consideration by those engaged in commerce.
Jt comes in here in great part as the work of
men thus engaged tliemselves. They are all
familiar with its provisions ; they are anxious
that it should be enacted as speedily as possible,
and go into effect as early as possible, and it
is also true that, all the new, original, or pecu-
liar important provisions ol the bill relate to
the internal commerce of the country mainly,
somewhat to the external commerce, but so
far as tiiey affect the external commerce most
of them are mere reenactments of existing
law. I think, therefore, the postponement
ought not to be so long.
Mr. HOAR. it is quite obvious that in the
course of legislative business this bill cannot
become a law probably tor thirty days, some
time in the month of May, probably not until
ne'ir the end of that month. Now, I have
not examined the bill to see just what pro-
visions of the bill are new, bin 1 have taken
the word of the committee, who declare in a
note ai the beginning of the bill thai the parts
printed in italics are taken from the present
law. Now. if that be true, the parts not in
italics are to a considerable extent new. Then
it would be an outrageous injustice to put this
law into effect without giving notice. The
persons who are engaged in building ships,
if my amendment prevails, will know from the
time the law passes that it is to go into effect
in six weeks, and they will conduct themselves
in their preparations for building ships accord-
ing to that knowledge.
Mr. CONGER. The object of this bill is to
relieve the navigation interests of real or sup-
posed burdens imposed by the present law, and
that being the object of all the provisions of
this bill which are additional to the present
law having in view that object, it is very desir-
able that the benefit to that interest should
accrue as speedily as possible. A postpone-
ment leaves them subject to the requirements
of the present law, some of the provisions of
which have been held in abeyance by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury because it is believed
that they are to some extent unnecessary and
burdensome. The burdensome provisions of
the present law being thus suspended by the
Secretary on his own judgment., and perhaps
without authority of law, it is very desirable
that this bill should go into effect immediately,
so that the benefits may accrue at once to the
navigation interests of the country.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question, for of course he knows all about it,
if there is no new provision in this bill affect-
ing the rights of masters of vessels or pilots or
others engaged in these interests?
Mr. CONGER. I can state tbat there is no
provision in this bill affecting the rights of
masters of ships more severely than the pro-
visions of the present law. The provisions of
this bill modify the severity of the present law
and remove real or imaginary burdens from
the navigation interests.
Mr. HOAR. The gentleman does not answer
my question. The question which I put to him
was this: does he say that, there are substan-
tially no new provisions which define the duties
of the managers of vessels, no new require-
ments ?
Mr. CONGER. I will say, as I have said
before, that the provisions of the present bill
are modified favorably for the shipping inter-
ests by this bill.
Mr. HOAU. Cannotyouanswermyquestion?
Mr. CONGER. -There are no new require-
ments except modification of the requirements
of the present lav/, and the modifications made
are, as I believe, beneficial to the shipping
interests.
Mr. HOAR. I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. POTTER. I would suggest the 1st of
May as the time when this act shall go into
elfeet.
Mr. NEGLEY. I have no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. In the judgment of the
Chair, that will be several days before this
bill will be finally passed, so that it can do no
great harm.
Mr. HALE. Then let it be " thirty days
after this act, shall be approved."
Mr. NEGLEY. Ihope the gentleman will
not insist upon that.
Mr. HALE. You will not get the bill
through before the 1st of May.
Mr. NEGLEY. If not, then the time can
be changed.
The amendment moved by Mr. Potter was
then agreed to.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I move to amend the
bill by adding the following as a new section :
Sec. —. That nothing in this act shall apply to
vessels of less than twelve tons burden.
I desired to make it "twenty tons," but
when I consulted with the gentleman who has
charge of this bill, [Mr. Negley,] he expressed
a preference for "twelve tons," and I under-
stood him to say that he would not, object to
the amendment in that form. My judgment
is that it should be "twenty tons;" and I will
now ask the gentleman if he will consent to
that?
Mr. NEGLEY. I hope it will be confined
to vessels of twelve tons.
Mr. CONGER. This bill provides for cer-
tain duties to be performed by persons on
rafts, or scows, or barges, or all classes of
small craft, such as that they shall carry lights
to prevent their being run down.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Perhaps the gentle-
man's criticism of my amendment will be ob-
viated by my inserting the word "sailing"
before the word " vessels."
Mr. CONGER. I will have no objection to
the amendment so modified.
The amendment, as modified, was then
agreed to.
Mr. KERR. The House will remember
that on Thursday last, when this bill was before
under consideration, on my motion section
forty-three of this bill as it then stood was
stricken out. I then stated tbat in deference
to the wishes and views of persons immedi-
ately interested in this law I would, at some
subsequent time, either introduce an original
bill intended to cover the same ground, or
propose an amendment to this bill. I now
propose as an amendment six new sections, to
come in at the end of the bill, and which I
send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows :
Sec. —. That no owner or owners of any ship or
vessel engaged in commerco among the several
States of the Union, or between two or more of said
Sta,tes, shall bo subject or liable to answer for or
make good to any one or more person or persons
any loss or damage which may happen to any goods
or merchandise whatsoever which shall be shipped,
taken in, or put on board any such ship or vessel, by
reason or by means of any fire happening to or on
board the said ship or vessel, unless such fire is
caused by the design, fault, or neglect of such owner
or owners : Provided, That nothing in this act con-
tained shall be construed to forbid or authorize the
parties to make contracts extending or limiting the
liability of the ship-owner as a common carrier or
otherwise.
Sec.—. That if any shipper or shippers of platina,
gold, gold-dust, silver, bullion, or other precious
metals, coins, jewelry, bills of any bank or public
body, diamonds, or other precious stones, shall lade
the same on board of any ship or vessel without, at
the time of such lading, givingto the master, agent,
owner, or owners of the ship or vessel receiving
the same, notice of the true character and
value thereof, and have the same entered on tilt,
bill of lading therefor, the master and owner, or
owners, of the said vessel shall not be liable, as
common carriers thereof in any form or manner;
nor shall any sueh master or owner be liable, in
any case, for any such valuable goods beyond the
value and according to the character thereof sj
notified and entered.
Sec.—. That the liability of the owner or owners
of any ship or vessel engaged in commerce among
the several states ol' the Union, or between two or
more of said States, for any act done, or contract
made, or tort committed, without the privity, fault,
or knowledge of such owner or owners, which act,
contract, or tort, by reason of their nature or sub-
ject-matter, come within admiralty and maritime
jurisdiction, shall in no case exceed the amount or
value of the interest ot such owner or owners, re-
spectively, in such ship or vessel, and her treighfc
then pending; and for the purposes of this section
the amount er value of the interest ot such owner or
owners in such ship or vessel, and her freight, shall
be taken to be the value thereot immediately betore
the accruing of sueh liability.
Sec. —. That the charterer or charterers of any
sueh ship or vessel, in case he or they shall man,
victual, and navigate such vessel at his or their own
expense, or by his or their own procurement, shall
be deemed the owner or owneis of sueh vessel with-
in the meaning of this act; and such ship or vessel,
when so chartered, shall be liable in the same man-
ner as if navigated by the owner or owners thereof.
Sec.—. That nothing in the preceding sections
shall be construed to take away or affect the remetly
to which any party may be entitled against the mas-
ter, officers, or mariners, for or on account of any
embezzlement, injury, loss, or destruction of goods,
wares, merchandise, or other property put on hoaid
of any ship or vessel, or on account of any negli-
gences, fraud, or other malversation of such m ister,
officers, or mariners, respectively, nor shall anything
herein contained lessen or take away any responsi-
bility to which any master or mariner of any ship
or vessel may now by law be liable, notwithstand-
ing such master or mariner may be an owner or part
owner of the ship or vessel.
Sec.—. That any person or persons shipping oil
of vitriol, unslaked lime, inflammable matches, or
gunpowder in a ship or vessel taking cargo tor
divero persons or freight, without giving at the time
of shipment notice of the nature and character of
sueh merchandise to the master, mate, officer, or
person in charge of the lading of the ship or vessel,
shall forteit to the United States SI,UOO.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I move
