3040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
bring the revenues down to the level of the
expenditures, and avoid increasing any further
that heavy and useless and mischievous balance
in the Treasury with which it continually
threatens to destroy the tiade, peace, and pros-
perity of the country. If the custom rates are
cut down one half they will yield at least one
half as much as they would if not cut down.
That is a proposition which even protectionists
will concede. But men of my school go further
than this, and believe that under such circum-
stances the yield would amount to consider-
ably more than one half. But taking the mini-
mum amount, we should obtain in the form of
revenues for 1873 fully $200,000,000. Esti-
mating the expenditures at $200,000,000 and
we have the following :
BUDGET FOR 1873.
Revenues from half of present rates, mini-
mum $200,000,000; expenditures, (includ-
ing interest and sinking fund,) maximum
$200,000,000. And this without at all dis-
turbing the so much coveted heavy balance of
$100,000,000 in the Treasury.
This is what we can do; this is what the
heavily laden people of this country desire us
to do. Now, let us consider what the Ad-
ministration proposes we shall do. We have
already seen that it proposes to expend, in-
stead of $200,000,000 for all expenditures,
$273,000,000 for ordinary expenses, and as
much more as it can get for reduction of debt
and whatever else for which it may be able to
smuggle in deficiency bills. Let us now see
what it proposes in the bill presented by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
THE SO-CALLED MAJORITY BILL.
The principal features of this bill are heavy
reductions in the duties on tropical products,
in coal, and in salt, moderate but uneven re-
ductions in iron and hardware, moderate re-
ductions in wools and noil-competing woolens,
slight or no reduction in competing woolens,
moderate reduction 011 cottons, heavy reduc-
tions in lumber, and a free list framed mainly
to suit the requirements of manufacturers. Its
internal revenue features are moderate reduc-
tions on tobacco and stamps, and an abolish-
ment, of the tax 011 gas.
This bill deserves both commendation and
censure. I prefer to be thankful for the good,
the half loaf which is discernable in its pro-
visions. It seems both a free-trade and aprotec-
tion bill; but it is neither. Where it reduces
the duties on coal and salt it is somewhat free
•frade; where it stabs lea and coffee and merely
sacrifices woolens, it is ''protection." Where
it offers up the pet lamb of Pennsylvania to
the sacrificial knife, it is free trade ; where it
refuses to materially cut down hosiery, shoes,
fancy goods, notions, glassware, cutlery, and
plated ware, but lets in a thousand little arti-
cles for manufacturers free, it is protection.
While if the comparatively trilling reductions
it makes in the whole amount of revenue is
taken into consideration, it proves not only to
be neither free trade nor protection, but sub-
stantially nothing al all. It claims in its title
to be "A bill to reduce duties on imports and
to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses." ''The other purposes" prove .upon
inspection to be all there is in it, for the reduc
tiou of duties and internal taxes it effects will
scarcely more than counterbalance the natural
increase of revenue from these sources. What
these other purposes are has been already indi-
cated.
LAST TARIFF.
The tariff passed at the last Congress was
heralded as a reform. It had a pretentious
look. It pretended to reduce revenue; whether
it did or not appears in the one clever thine in
it, to wit: the reduction on pig iron from nine
dollars to seven dollars per ton. The Secretary
of the Treasury in his report had the frankness
to confess that this reduction (which should
have been to three dollars) did enhance the
revenue, for it increased importation. It illus-
trated the principle, which Great Britain has
proven, that a reduction of custom rates in-
creases the revenue. But how as to the real
reduction of taxation ? Some allowances
must be made for the simplicities of our
nature, but there is no one so simple who
will not understand that the bill of General
Schenck, which the free-traders of this House
won from a reluctaut majority—the so-called
"forked-tail" tariff—was a, delusion. If not,
why does the clamor for reform go on in both
parties and from all sections ?
The protectionists praise their own enforced
virtue in repealing many millions of tariff tax,
and as this reduction has formed the staple of
Republican platforms, editorials, and oratory,
it will be just as well, in advance of similar
schemes now on foot, to advise the public of
the specious character of such reforms and
reduction.
To thoroughly understand what is to come
on this topic, 1 present a table, showing the
estimated reduction of the tariff by the last
legislation. It bears the honored signature
of Mr. Edward Young, chief of the Statistical
Bureau. I do not change Mr. Young's
figures. My only criticism is that they do not
go far enough, But to the unwary they seem
a glowing account of a real success. May I
add two columns to the official paper ? I
endeavor, with the best data, to show the
amount of taxes that are additionally ground
out of the people by the last tariff act. Thus
it will be seen how pretentious is the claim to
reduction, and thus may be discovered and
exposed the method by which such delusions
will be repeated. The estimated consumption
of the articles in the column added by me is
much below the mark, as it has been or can
be easily shown. I append this table marked
" Exhibit A" to my remarks.
In connection with this table I call attention
to the pretended reduction 011 gunny-cloth. It
was, in fact, no reduction at all, as the old laws
provided a duty of three cents a pound on that
article, valued at less than ten cents a square
yard. The last law provides two cents per
square yard if valued less than seven cents,
and three cents if valued at over seven cents
per square yard. It is well known that gunny-
cloth invariably costs more than seven cents
the square yard, and will therefore have to
pay three cents per yard as before.
1 n brief, I maintain now as I did in my place
in Congress at ihetime, and as I shall do again
till my term expires, that, the tariff-tinkering
of the Fortieth Congress, about which so much
laudation has been sung by the unreflecting
members of the -Republican party, was a
swindle on the people, and this the " Exhibit
A" will show.
HOW CHEAPLY THE CUSTOMS ARE COLLECTED.
But, supposing all these figures indicate to
be true; supjiose the reductions of the last
tariff have been exaggerated ; yet it is claimed
that the Administration, in its peculiarly pure
way of running the custom-house, is entitled
to the gratitude of a frugal people. Let us see.
Let us compare the Administration of John-
son in 1868 with the present Administration
in 1870 to see what claim there may be to
peculiar vigilance in collecting the revenue by
the present Administration.
The sums collected under the two Adminis-
trations for the fiscal years 1868 and 1870,
respectively, were:
Amount of duty collected in 1868 under
the so-called dishonest Johnson administra-
tion was $160,511,679. Amouut collected in
1870, under the most, honest and skillful
Grant administration was $191,221,768, or
$30,710,089 more.
In the first place, the dutiable goods im-
ported in 1868 were $329,'661,272, and in 1870
they were $406,131,90'!.
Thus we. imported $76,470,632 more duti-
able goods in 1870 than in 1868.
But I am well aware that it is asserted that
this increase of dutiable goods is not owing to
actual importation, but to the simple fact that
the revenues were more faithfully collected.
Now, it so happens that many articles pay a
specific duty, either per pound or measure, on
which undervaluation is perfectly powerless.
I herewith furnish a table of twenty-two items
only, whereon specific duties "were collected in
the two respective fiscal years, giving a column
for quantities as well as revenue, and it will
thus be seen that $19,500,000 were collected
more in 1870 than in 1868 on these articles
for the simple reason that we imported more in
the year 1870.
For the exact proof of these figures I refer
to the table marked "Exhibit B," at the end
of my speech.
A certain weak administration in England
in the last century, who were anxious to take
credit for all windfalls that befell the empire,
was taunted by a wit with the astonishment
that the ministry failed to take credit for the
happy event of an increase in the royal family.
Perhaps our Administration may likewise feel
inclined to take credit for the increase of
foreign pig iron or scrap iron. The table
marked "B " is, however, as instructive as it
is interesting. Thus, for instance, if we had
reduced the duly on pig iron from nine dollars
to six dollars a ton, we should have got in 1870
by the natural increase of importation $1,078,-
800 revenue, or some $63,000 more than in
1868. Or if we had reduced the duty on scrap
iron from eight dollars to $4 50 per ton, we
should have got a duty of $666,000, or $26,000
more in 1870 than in 1868.
Or we could have reduced the duty on rolled
iron one third of the duty of 1868 and got
more revenue in 1870 than we did get in 1868,
and so on with most of the articles. It is this
undeniable fact in political economy in a young
growing country which requires the adjust-
ment of a tariff that presses the life-blood out
of a people and its industries.
Surely, we have a right now to demand not
only a substantial reduction of revenue and
taxation. With a fresh Congress adding fifty
new members of liberal tendencies in econo-
mies we have a right to expect that revenue,
when reduced, should carry with it a reduction
of taxation. Yet we have passed through
nearly the whole of this long session without
a murmur m favor of substantial reform. I
fear that we are doomed to go before the peo-
ple to receive not its clamors, but its condem-
nation.
The country has demanded reform ; but the
Administration wants money ; money to pay
off the bonds and keep its Wall street friends
in good humor. Just look at it 1 One hundred
millions a year on account of principal piled
on top of $110,000,000 a year for interest
makes $210,000,000 a year, and all in gold!
W' 1 tli $210,000,000 a year flowing into their
coffers, a clique of operators might be enabled
to control within certain limits the prices and
the markets of the world. I claim that this
policy is pernicious, and that we should not
pursue it beyond the strict limits of the law,
which provides for the interest and one per
cent, per annum for principal; altogether, say
$135,000,000 a year.
The Administration also wants money for
the election. It has the sword. It wants the
purse. It has twenty millions of building con-
tracts on hand. The judicious expenditure of
this sum will employ a large number of voters.
There are thirty millions to expend in the
Post Office Department, mainly for salaries
and mail contracts. There are five millions
nominally for "Indians," but really for the
"traders " and other parasites and robbers that
hover on the borders. There are fifty or sixty
millions to expend in the War and Navy De-
partments. Then there are millions for the
vigilant and faithful in the customs and rev-
enue services; twenty or thirty millions in the
