852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11
Mr. THURMAN. I have 80 much faith and
confidence—I say it without any affectation—
in ruy friend from Pennsylvania, the chairman
of the joint committee, that I am quite willing
that he shall audit the accounts, and I know
that no expenses could pass without his draft
or approval. I am quite sure, therefore, the
money has been expended honestly; I have
no complaint about that. I have heard, how-
ever, that the committee were greatly imposed
on by witnesses who procured themselves to
be brought here, and who were not worth the
cost of subsistence after they got here. How
that is I do not know; it is only common
rumor. But that is not a matter that strikes
me as being very interesting.
We appropriated, if I understand the state-
ment, when we passed the concurrent resolu-
tion appointing this committee, $30,000. To
that an appropriation that belonged to a Senate
committee, amounting to $12,000, was added.
That made $42,000. Now, I being something
of a strict constructionist, would have supposed,
if I had been on that committee, that when the
meansgaveoutmyfunetionsceased, for Ishould
not have thought of paying the expenses out
of my own pocket. I am quite sure of that,
even'if it had been a larger pocket than it is. I
should therefore have thought that when the
sinews of war gave out it was time to give up,
and that the committee must stop and report
the matter to Congress for its further action,
for it to decide whether it would make any
further appropriation. But it seems the com-
mittee borrowed $12,000 from the Depart-
ment of Justice. Where the Department of
Justice got authority to "lend the committee
$12,000 1 do not know. I did not know that
the contingent fund of that Department could
be properly applied to the uses of a special
committee formed by the concurrent reso-
lution of the two Houses, and for the defrayal
of whose expenses the two Houses had made
a specific appropriation. I should be inclined
to think that the appropriation to the Depart-
ment of Justice of a contingent fund was in
tended by Congress for a different purpose
from that for which it had made a specific
appropriation in the resolution for the appoint-
ment of this special committee; but, of course,
all respect should be paid to the conclusions
of the Department of Justice on any question
of law ; we are bound to presume that the
head of that great Department understands
some law; arid, therefore, I suppose we are
bound to presume that he was satisfied that
he had a right to take his contingent fund
and lend it to this committee. I confess I do
not see it. It strikes me as a very singular
proceeding I do not know why they mi_'bt
not have gone and borrowed the contingent
fund of the Secretary of State, or of the See-
letary of the. Interior, or of any other Depart-
ment, as well as go and borrow the contingent
fund of the Attorney General.
But let that pass. We had $12,000 borrowed
there. That makes $54,000, and that money
has all gone, and we now have adefieiency bill.
1 should like as a matter of curiosity to know
what appropriation we can make that is not
followed by a deficiency bill. We ail know
that the deficiency bills are more numerous
than the regular appropriation bills. We pass
an appropriation bill for the Army. That is
followed at the next session by one, two, three,
or four deficiency bills. We pass one for the
Navy, That is followed by a similar number
of deficiency bills; and so on through the whole
service of the country. In oiher words, we
pass bills and send tbem forth to the countrv
making appropriations, and saymgto thecouu .
try the su m of these bills will pay the expenses I i
of the Government for this year, when they 'j
are not at all the expenses of the Government, j!
when they are far below the expenses of the j:
Government, and Congress has hardly met at i!
the next session before deficiency bill after !i
deficiency bill is brought in. ,j
The whole course of proceeding is a delu- ll
sion, an imposition upon the country. It says
to the country when we pass our regular ap-
propriation bills, "This shall be the amount
of the expenses of the Government this year,"
and the very next session the Appropriation
Committee comes in with deficiency bill after
deficiency bill amounting to millions of dol-
lars. Why, sir, at the last session of the last
Congress there were thirteen deficiency bills
that passed this Senate and passed both
branches of Congress; and now it appears we
cannot even appoint a special committee of
investigation with limited power, and make a
specific appropriation of the amount of ex-
penses that that committee shall incur, of as
much money as we are willing to give it, but
the committee must go and borrow money from
one of the Departments, and the Committee
on Appropriations must bring in a deficiency
bill. I do not know what we shall have a
deficiency bill about next. I do not know how
small the subject may be upon which we make
an appropriation, that we shall not have a
deficiency bill.
I make these remarks not for the purpose
of voting against paying our debts. I am will-
ing to pay the debt of my friend from Penn-
sylvania. although I do think he a little ex-
ceeded his authority in borrowing the money
and contracting the debt.
Mr. SCOTT. I am somewhat relieved by
the closing sentence of the Senator from Ohio,
for I was a little uncertain whether he was
opposed to the payment of the expenses of
this committee, or only seeking this occasion
to manifest his opposition to all deficiency
bills.
So far as he has indicated any opposition to
the payment of the expenses of this committee,
that opposition seems to rest upon two grounds:
First, that the committee may have been
imposed upon by some witnesses. I can only
sfate to the Senator from Ohio, and to the
Senate generally, that the most arduous, and
perhaps the most disagreeable duty that was
imposed upon the chairman of the committee
was to guard against that very imposition, and
that upon both sides of the question, I may say;
for we found about as much human nature on
one side of itas on the other when itcame to a
desire to come b fore the committee for the
purpose of being witnesses and having expenses
paid to Washington. I do not wish to go into
any details on that subject, but I will simply
say that I rejected more applications of wit-
nesses of that kind who came voluntarily to
be examined than I granted, far more.
The other point that the Senator makes is
that when the appropriation ran out we ought
then to have stopped. There are a great many
people in the southern States who would have
been glad if we had stopped just at that point ;
but from the revelations which were made be-
fore the committee up to that period we deemed
it our duty to go on. We deemed that we had
hardly more than broken the surface of a con-
spiracy which demanded the attention of the
Government, and believing that, we proceeded,
and T can only point to the results in the courts
of justice, and ask the country whether the
committee was not justified in going on and
incurring this debt, when I state that billshave
been found against more than five hundred
persons in the circuit court of South Carolina,
and against more than four hundred in the cir-
cuit court of North Carolina ; and I think it,
is not too much to say that the results of the
examination given to the officers of the law has
stopped murder, whipping, and outrage, and
taught those who disregarded the law that the
law was stronger than their conspiracy. That,
sir, is the reason we did not stop; and although
I do not wish to put the Senator from Ohio in
the position of saying that his bill ought not to
be paid because wedid not stop, I do not think
that when the report is made and the testimony
taken comes to be considered by the country ;
there will be any objection to our not stopping j
at that point when it is seen what was done i
after that by the sub-committees who went into
the southern States.
Now, as to the strict construction of the
question, I have already called the attention of
the Senator to the fact that this was notwhathe
terms the contingent fund of the Department
of Justice, but it was a specific appropriation
made for the purpose of detecting and punish
ing crime in those States. The Attorney Gen-
eral believed that he was carrying out the
purpose of that appropriation in placing the
money in our hands, and although, as I have
said, it was the intention to return it if this
appropriation were made large enough, we do
not deem that there is any infraction of the law
in applying it for that purpose; but as it is now
made a deficiency bill solely, and the expenses
of the committee will have to be paid—and
I may say that a considerable amount of the
unpaid portion of them is the compensation due
to the members who went on those sub com-
mittees—as that is the intention, we shall use
it for the purposes of the committee, if it be
made, and, as I have already said, ask that that
portion of it be audited by the Committee on
Contingent Expenses of the Senate. I trust
that the explanation is satisfactory to the Sen-
ator, and that the bill will be passed without
further opposition.
Mr. THURMAN. It is entirely satisfactory
in one aspect of the case, and entirely unsat-
isfactory in another. The habit of a long life
makes a lawyer apt to look at everything iD a
legal point of view. It has been said that the
practice of the law tends to sharpen and narrow
a man's mind. It may be so ; and that a law-
yer cannot take a great consideration into view
as he would do had he not been habituated to
the law.
My friend does not gainsay the proposition
that this committee transcended-its powers in
spending money which it had no authority to
spend, in obtaining money from the Depart-
ment of Justice that it was not authorized to
obtain, for no matter what the Department of
Justice was authorized to do with that money,
the amount of money that this committee was
authorized to spend was fixed by a special
appropriation of Congress for that purpose.
But my friend says there were great abuses
to examine into, and great good has resulted
from that examination. That reminds me of
an incident I happened once to witness in
court, in which a man complained bitterly that
he had been indicted for assault and battery.
He was asked, '■ Did you not commit the as-
sault and battery?" He replied, "Certainly
I did, but I ought not to be indicte.l for it; the
fellow I whipped was such a mean fellow."
[Laughter.] And so in this case my friend
says, " It is true the committee transcended
the powers which were vested in it, it expended
money it had no authority to expend, it ran
into debt when it had no right to do it, but
these fellows we were after were such mean
fellows, and therefore it is all right and proper,
although we expended more money than we
were authorized to expend, and contracted "
debts which Congress never authorized us to
contract."
I do not undertake to go into the question
now of what good or what evil has resulted
from this investigation. I am perfectly will-
ing, for this argument, to admit all that my
friend has said, and said so eloquently, as to
the benefits that have resulted from this invest-
igation ; but I do say it is of very evil example
for a committee of this body to go beyond th*-
appropriation which Congress has made for its
use and then to come in with a deficiency bill.
I do say that not only in strict law, but accord
ing to any law, their duty was, when the apprw-
priation was expended, to report the fact to
Congress, and let Congress decide, not the
committee, whether to make a further appro-
priation to proceed with that investigation.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I will make a
remark or two in reply to what fell from the
honorable chairman of this committee. He
