1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1249
say that this appropriation is not only within
the law as we understand it, but the explana-
tion is that these damages to the building were
not occasioned by fire, but by suspension of
the work and the exposure of the unfinished
work, and the explanation seems to me as
clear as the committee could expect. 1" am,
however, very willing to strike out the whole
paragraph.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman says
this is within the law. Here is a proviso which
was attached to the law passed April 20,
1870, which appropriate $100,000 towards this
building:
"Provided, That no part of tlio money shall bo ex-
pended until a contract or contracts shall be entered
into by the proper authorities with the lowest re-
sponsible bidder or bidders, for the completion of the
entire building for asum,including all money already
expended in its construction, not exceeding $300,000,
and the expenditure of any sum of money in violation
of this proviso shall bo deemed unlawful."
That was the solemn act of Congress. You
have now reached an expenditure of over two
hundred and ninety-two^ thousaud dollars,
including the site, for which $10,000 was paid,
and by your own report from your own archi-
tect, your building is going to cost you over
three hundred and fifty thousand dollars. And
the reason that he gives for it, the excuse that
he makes, is that the late fire there destroyed
some lumber for the building, and that in con-
sequence of the destruction of that lumber there
has been a delay in its completion, and that the
building has been damaged. Sir, this law of
Congress requiring the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to enter into a contract with the lowest
bidder to complete the building for $300,000
was passed in 1870, two years ago.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Well, let us
strike it all out.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do notcare whether
you strike it out or not; but I will show to the
Congress and to the country that your officers
have deliberately violated a law of Congress.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now call for
a vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will withdraw my
motion, and leave the responsibility with the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. PETERS. I move to strike out the
entire paragraph.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The Clerk road the following paragraph :
Tor completing the building for post office and
court-house at Portland, Maine, $15,398.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
the paragraph just read. This is a case that
stands on all fours with the case of Chicago.
An appropriation was made years ago to com-
plete this building, and the amount was pre-
cisely fixed. As the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Peters] aided me in striking out the
appropriation for Chicago, I will aid him in
striking out this appropriation. [Laughter.]
The act of March, 1870, provides "for com-
pleting the court-house building at Portland,
Maine, including paving, curbing, and grad-
ing, $25,000." Now they come in here with
another appropriation to complete it again.
If it has already been completed for $25,000,
why complete it again ? I move to strike out
this paragraph.
Mr. SARGENT. The last Committee on
Appropriations cut down the amount asked
for in the estimates in many buildings, and
then said "for completing the building,"
naming the sum that was left. Now, I do not
think that an act of Congress can complete a
building; there must be an architect, work-
men, and material, and the money to pay for
it all. This is to make up the sum originally
asked for to complete this building, except for
some extra work, or work done extra well.
The building was rendered necessary by the
Portland fire, and it is one of the finest, hand-
somest, and most complete buildings in the
United States, and the best adapted for its
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 79.
purposes; and it has not cost a great deal of
money. It is a good but not extravagant
building. I hope the gentleman's great pre-
judice against the supervising architect will
let him do justice in so plain a matter as this.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Nobody yet
has made the point, but as I desire to keep
nothing back from the Committee of the Whole
in regard to these deficiences, I intended to
make a statement in regard to this item of
appropriation. I can best make the statement
by reading a passage from the report of the
architect:
"Tho sum of $10,851 asked to complete the cus-
tom-bouse building at Portland, Maine, as also that
of $15,398 required to finish the post office and court-
house building in the same city, are both strictly of
the nature of deficiencies, and are expenditures
made in excess of the estimates by Mr. J. II. Coch-
rane, the superintendent, without the knowledge or
consent of this office, and contrary to express orders
issued from it. The cost of neither of these build-
ings is limited by law, and the sums asked to be ap-
propriated are for tho liquidation, of debts already
incurred."
This refers to .an expenditure upon a por-
tion of this building by which the work was
done in a more expensive manner than the
original plan intended it should be done. As
I understand, the local architect was imme-
diately dismissed for thus incurring expendi-
tures beyond the appropriation. What my
colleague upon the committee [Mr. Sargent]
has said is correct, that the Committee on
Appropriations arbitrarily fixed the amount
for this purpose in a former session, and of
course determined the actual amount to be
expended. It is also true that the local archi-
tect exceeded his authority, and allowed a class
of work to be done more expensive than his
instructions authorized him to do. But the
work was done ; the money was not stolen; it
was honestly laid out, although not laid out
in work of tho quality and kind required by
his instructions. It remains for us to say
whether we will pay for the work done, whether
we will appropriate the necessary amount to
pay the ordinary mechanics to whom this
money is due. 1 hope the committee will not
strike out this paragraph, for it would not be
a curtailment of an extravagant expenditure
to be made, but a refusal to pay for work
honestly done.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
by striking out the last two words.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] will allow me to say
that since the committee acted on this ques-
tion I have been informed that the deficiency
was caused, in part at least, by the absolute
incompetency of the architect in charge of the
building.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Who is he?
Mr. NIBLACK. I do not know the name
of the architect.
Mr. PETERS. He has since been dis-
charged, to my personal knowledge, because
of his extravagance and his failure to do the
work in pursuance of orders. This is a mis-
fortune to the Government. The only ques-
tion is whether the workmen shall suffer the
loss, or whether it shall fall upon the Govern-
ment of the United States, which sent this man
there to tako charge of the work.
Mr. NIBLACK. I simply wanted to bring
to the attention of the House thefact that an
incompetent officer had caused this trouble.
Mr. PETERS. A subsequent act to the one
which has been mentioned makes an appro-
priation, not to complete, but to continue the
work on this building.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am very sorry that the
State of Maine has fallen into this trouble. I
have very great respect for that State. . But it
is due to her to say"that in this case an incom-
petent officer was appointed upon the recom-
mendation of some gentleman from that State.
Mr. PETERS. Members of the committee
need not vote to strike out this appropriation
for Portland, Maine, because, in compliance
with the evident wish of the most eloquent Rep-
resentative from Illinois, [Mr. Farxsworth,]
I moved to strike out the preceding paragraph.
[Laughter.]
Mr. NIBLACK. I understand that the Rep-
resentatives from the State of Maine desire
this appropriation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems that this
very economical building which the gentle-
man from California [Mr. Sargent] talks
about—a little court-house up in Maine, where
the business is about as much as the business
of an ordinary State circuit court—has already
cost, according to the report of the super-
vising architect, $376,810. How much more
it has in fact cost I cannot state. Now, when
Congress makes an appropriation to complete
a building it means what it says; at least,
the subordinate officers of the Department
ought to take us aa meaning what we say ;
and when we give them $25,000 to complete
a building they should so make their con-
tracts as to complete the building for the sum
specified, or else report to Congress that they
cannot do so. I have-learned from a great
many sources that when any blunder is made
in the erection of a building it is the habit to
throw the blame on some local architect; and
a great fuss is made over the discharge of some
clerk or other inferior officer, upon whom the
blame is shouldered for any blunder or viola -
tion of law; but in every instance that has
come under my observation the clerk or the
local architect says that it is not his blunder.
Nov/, my distinguished friend from theState
of Maine, [Mr. Peters]—who, by-the-by, does
not represent the Portland district, and as I
do not represent the Chicago district our rela-
tions to these building's are alike—-my distin-
guished friend, who is an emineut lawyer, and
knows all about the wants of court-houses in
Maine, concurs with me in my economical
views with regard to Chicago ; but to my sur-
prise he protests against my efforts to reduce
appropriations in his own State. Let him be
as unselfish as I am; let him protest against
wasteful extravagance in his own State. Let
him begin at home as I do; let every other
member do the same, and thus we shall stop
this extravagance. I am sure that my friend
from Maine cannot be in earnest in desiring
to continue this appropriation for Portland
after striking out an appropriation of the same
kind for Chicago.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LYNCH. I suppose that my friend
from Illinois has no particular opposition to
the appropriation for Portland, but he wants
generally to oppose the supervising architect
who has had charge of the work, and when
he has accomplished that purpose, I suppose
his proposition will be withdrawn.
As to this work at Portland, Maine, I do not
know that the local architect was incompetent;
but I do know that he exceeded his authority ;
that he was rather an expensive man, as my
colleague [Mr. Peters] suggests.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Who recommended
him?
Mr. LYNCH. I did not,
Mr. PETERS. I did.
Mr. LYNCH. T will say, Mr. Chairman,
that he is as honest a man as there is in the
State of Maine or in the State of Illinois.
He is a man who is competent for some things,
but perhaps he has not had experience in
erecting buildings of this class. The money
has been honestly spent, and he has given full
value in the work he has performed there.
But he has, perhaps, done it a little better
than it was necessary that it should be done,
and so has exceeded the estimates for the
buildiDg.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. .Am I to under-
stand the gentleman as sayiDg that the money
has already been spent?
Mr. LYNCH. The money has been spent,
I understand.
