1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
353
speaks of the happy results of the operations of
this committee, as shown in the courts of South
Carolina and North Carolina. Now, sir, I
attribute all the evil and all the social disorder
that have disturbed and cursed the southern
States, to the interference of the Federal Gov-
ernment in their domestic State governments.
About the close of the year 1865, when those
States were invoked by the President of the
United States and the Federal authorities to
rehabilitate their governments, and when they
proceeded to that work by calling conventions,
by abolishing slavery, by repudiating the prin-
ciple of secession, and also the debts created
by them to support the rebellion, tbose States
were in a condition of comparative security,
peace, and order, and all that was needful
to enable them to occupy that position and
to go on in improvement until they rein-
stated perfect order and security, wa*; that they
should be left to their own right of self-govern
ment. Sir, there never has been a truer and
a more serious struggle between an alien gov-
ernment and a self-government of a people
than has been maintained in those States
between the authorities of the Federal Gov-
ernment and the people,of those respective
States.
It is this attempt upon the part, of the Gov
ernment of the United States to usurp in the
southern States all the powers of the State
government, which belong to the people by
our system and by its great principles, that has
introduced those disorders to which the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania has referred
in his remarks, and which he says have been
so happily suppressed by the advent of this
committee into the southern States, and the
consequent prosecutions that have taken place
in the courts subsequent to its investigations.
Sir, all those scenes of confusion, of disorder,
of anarchy, of oppression in the southern Stales
are the legitimate fruits of the interference and
the usurpations of the General Government
with the power of self government, as it apper-
tained to the people of those States. It may
have resulted for the time by congressional
legislation and the reconstruction acts, and
by the sending of the military power of the
Government, in the seeming repression and
correction of those disorders, but it is only
seeming and delusive. No people that deserve
the right of self-government, are going to sub-
mit to such a condition of things. Tf thdo,
they are not only unworthy, but unfit and
incompetent to the task of self government.
These disorders will break forth as long as
this interference with the right of the people
of the southern States to self-government is
continued by the Federal authorities. The way
to correct them, to give tliera peace, is to allow
the people of the southern States to have their
own inherent, inalienable, and indestructible
right of self-goyemment. Throw them upon
their own rights and upon their own responsi-
bilities. Who has so much interest to have
peace and order and security in the govern-
ment of those States as the people themselves?
And when they are left to the exercise of their
own rights undisturbed, uninterfered with by
the power of the General Government, they
will soon rectify these disorders, they will soon
come to a state of peaceful government, of
protection of personal rights and of property.
But this condition of things can never be re-
established while there is this continual inter-
ference with and supervision of the right of
the people of the southern States to self-gov-
ernment by the General Government.
Sir. if there had been no reconstruction
acts there would have been peace and order
and harmony and good feeling in the southern
8tates among the people themselves and to-
ward the General Government. But it was
not intended that this happy state of things
should have come about. It was to defeat it,
to prevent it, and produce confusion and dis-
order and violence, such as would authorize
the interference of the strong arm of the Gen-
42d Gong, 2b Sess.—No. 23.
eral Government by the military power, that
that state of things which so happily existed
in 1865 was not permitted to proceed to its
further consummation.
Sir, we are getting up too many of these
roving committees ; they are becoming expen-
sive, troublesome; they do no good, or the
amount of good they do is inconsiderable
compared with the amount of evil. You ought
to stop that policy. You ought to allow the
people of the southern States to have the
same rights which the people of all the other
States have, the right, of self-government, of
protecting their own government, of attending
to their own affairs and their own interests,
and of administering them; and until that is
done the idea of peace and order and har-
mony in the southern States is all delusive.
You may repress these disorders by the mili-
tary heel. The strong arm of the power of the
United States Government, as administered by
military force, may produce this repression of
disorder, this seeming promise of tranquillity
and peace; but it will all be delusive. The
only mode of bringing about a permanent and
peaceable corrective is to let the people of the
southern States have, uninterrupted by the
General Government, their own right of self-
government; and whenever that principle is
acknowledged, and is honestly acted upon by
the authorities of the United States, we shall
soon have recurring peace and harmony there.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, when a theory
is started, a single fact is worth a world of
words in argument about it. I do not, propose
to follow my friend from Kentucky in an argu-
ment about his theory, that all these disorders
have followed from the reconstruction acts;
but Kentucky I believe has not been under the
reconstruction acts, and the fact to which I wish
to refer my friend lies in the very large number
of communications from his own State of Ken-
tucky. complaining of the very violence ami
disorder from the Ku Klux organization in that
unreconslructed State which prevails in the
other southern States that were the subject of
reconstruction. I shall be glad to furnish them
to my friend for his reading, as he is industrious
on that subject. I shall turn over that fact
against his theory. I hope the bill will pass
before the expiration of the morning hour.
Mr. SAWYER. 1 hope we shall have a
vote on this bill.
Mr. DAVIS; of Kentucky. I will make a
single remark in reply to my honorable friend
from Pennsylvania. He seems to think that Ku
Klux disorders abound very much in the State
of Kentucky. In that he is mistaken ; and his
informers, if they tell him differently from my
statement, do not tell him the truth. There
have been a very few cases of such disorders
in Ken'ucky ; and a great many of those that
have arisen there have arisen from the officious
and needless interference of persons in the
employment of the General Government in the
affairs of the people of that State, and without
that, interference the cases of which my honor-
able friend lias been informed would have been
much fewer than they have been. I will say
farther that the officers and employes of the
United States Government, as a general rule,
in the State of Kentucky fill their offices for
spoils and plunder. Their object is not tocor
rect disorders and abuses, and not to haveobe
dience to law, but to multiply the violations
of it, that they may be made the occasions of
permitting these men to fill their pockets with
official or semi-offici l spoils.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky will please suspend his remarks.
Tiie Chair dislikes to check the Senator at
this point, but, the morning hour has expired
and the unfinished business of yesterday is now
before the Senate, being the bill (S. No. 76) to ,
facilitate commerce between the United States
and China, Japan, and the countries of Asia.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I have no more
to say.
Mr, SAWYER. I ask that the morning
hour be extended one moment, that we may
take the vote on this bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kentucky is still on the floor.
Mr. SAWYER. He says he has finished.
_ Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. I have no objec-
tion to the vote being taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina asks that the unfinished
business be passed over informally, in order
that a vote may be reached on the bill which
has been under discussion. If there is no
objection, that course will be pursued. House
bill No. 484 is still before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. The Sen-
ator from Ohio is not perhaps aware that, my
colleague [Mr. Logan] gave notice a day or
two since thathe desired to call up a bill to-mor-
row and make some remarks 011 it. I hope the
Senate will not adjourn over.
Mr. T12URMAN. I understand that he says
it makes 110 difference to him ; he is willing to
postpone his remarks until next week; he
would as soon make them then as to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, if the Senate
thinks proper to adjourn over, I hav  nothing
to say about it,. I was not aware that, my col-
league had been consulted in regard to it.
Mr. THURMAN. He was consulted about
it. I think we shall save time by adjourning
over this week.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question.is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio, that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
ASIATIC COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business is now before the Senate, being the
bill (S. No. 76) to facilitate commerce between
the United States and China, Japan, and the
countries of Asia.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Oregon who
has charge of the unfinished business, [Mr.
Corbett, j is unable to be in his seat this morn-
ing owing to other engagements, and requests
me to move that that, bill be made the special
order for Wednesday next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing it should be
postponed, but I hope it will not be made a
special order. That is a bill to incorporate a
private company for purposes of trade. It is
a thing we have never done. I hope we shall
not make a special order of such a bill as that
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now before
the Senate, and ihe question is, what shall be
done with it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall post-
pone it,. Is the motion to postpone and make
ihe bill a special order divisible?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is. The post-
ponement can be effected by a majority, but
the making of a bill a special order requires a
two-thirds vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask, then, for a divis-
ion, so as to vote on postponing it without
making it a special order.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to state, on behalf
of the Senator from Oregon, who is absent,
t hat he has a special interest in this bill, and 1
call the attention of the Senator from Illinois
to the i'aet that with the t-pecial orders already
fixed it ia highly probable that this bill will go
over much beyond Wednesday, even if it be
made a special order for that day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be
made a special order at all.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I rise to make
a suggestion. If this bill goes on the table, it
may be taken up at any time, I suppose ?
