1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8937
decedent, if his or her name be known to the
Secretary of the Treasury. But if the name
of such decedent be unknown to the Secretary
of the Treasury, or if the names and places
of residence of the owners or any of them
(whether holding by descent, devise, or pur-
chase) be in like manner unknown, such
owner or owners whose names and places of
residence shall be thus unknown may be de-
scribed, in all and singular the papers and
proceedings aforesaid, by the general descrip-
tion of unknown owner or owners. And such
general description shall also be sufficient
when the residence of the owner or owners is
without the State of Ohio.
The eighth section provides that married
women, whose property shall be appropriated
under this act, shall be capable of doing all
things which it may be lawful or necessary
for ail owner to do in the piemises, as fully as
if they were unmarried and of full age. And
guardians shall have as full power to act for
their wards respectively as the wards respec-
tively would have were they under no dis-
ability.
The ninth section provides that corporations,
in addition to payment lor their property ap-
propriated as aforesaid, shall be entitled to
compensation for a destruciion, total or par-
tial, of the value of any of their franchises
directly caused by such appropriation of their
property, as follows: if the value of the fran-
chise be totally destroyed, such value shall be
paid, and the franchise shall cease to exist ;
if its value be but partially destroyed, a rat-
able compensation shall be made. The com-
pensation to be thus paid shall be ascertained
(if not agreed upon by the Secretary of the
Treasury and the corporation) at the same
time and in the same manner that the com-
pensation for the property ot the corporation,
appropriated as aforesaid, shall be ascertained;
and the jury shall state in their verdict what
is the franchise thus injured or destroyed, and
wheiher the destruction is total or partial ;
which finding, if not set aside in the mode
hereinbefore provided for vacating verdicts,
shall be conclusive evidence of the fact so
found, to all intents and purposes.
The tenth section provides that the wit-
nesses, clerks, marshal, or other person ap-
pointed and qualified to perform the duties of
the marshal, and jurors respectively, for the
services required of them by this act, shall
receive such fees as they are paid for like ser-
vices in the ordinary course of business in said
court. The persons appointed to show the
property and take charge of the jury, upon a
view as ^foresaid, shall receive such fees for
their services as the court may allow; and the
expenses of conveying the jurors to the place
or places to be viewed may be allowed by the
court and taxed as costs. The jurors shall be
liable to service as jurors in the same manner
as if they had not been drawn or served in
such special proceeding.
The eleventh section provides that by the
■word "costs" in this act, taxable costs only
are meant. Unless otherwise herein provided,
snch costs shall be paid by the United States;
but upon proceedings in error, the party fail-
ing shall pay the costs in error. Judgment
for costs may be given in favor of the United
Slates and against the owner by the court,,
when the owner becomes liable to pay the
cofts as aforesaid. It shall also be lawful for
the Secretary of the Treasury to deduct from
the compensation to which any owner may
become eniiiled as aforesaid all the costs for
which such owner is liable as aforesaid, and
which such owner shall not have paid ; and
if such deduction be made, the Secretary of
the Treasury shall pay such costs to the per-
sons entitled thereto, or to the clerk for
their use.
Mr. BROOKS. This is a new bill, which
for the first time enables the Federal Govern-
ment to build a court-house despite any action
of the State as I understand it.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 247.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir.
Mr. BROOKS. Then I wish to have that
explained.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. My purpose was to
make an explanation. While the bill author-
ized the Secretary of the Treasury to purchase
ground for the site of these buildings, it did
not permit him to pay any money until the
State shall have ceded jurisdiction. The State
has already passed a law ceding the jurisdic-
tion, and this bill is intended simply to reach
the private ownership in the property.
Mr. BROOKS. Does it recognize the juris-
diction of the State?
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. It does.
The House reconsidered the vote by which
the bill was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and the bill being before the House
it was oideied to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I yield to the gentleman
from California, [Mr. Sargent.]
homesteads and preemptions.
Mr. SARGENT'. I move that the rules be
suspended, that the Committee on Mines and
Mining be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 2621) relating
to the entry of homesteads and preemptions
in the State of California, and that the same
be passed.
The bill was read. It provides that public
lands in the State of California shall not be
excluded as mineral from preemption or home-
stead entry unless it shall be shown that bona
fide mining claims exist thereon.
Mr. BANKS. I do not think that that bill
ought to pass.
Mr. STEVENSON. Has it been before
any committee?
Mr. SARGENT. It has the assent of the
Committee on Mines and Mining. The com-
mittee were cut off from the opportunity of
reporting it a few nights ago. I can state in
a word the effect of it. We have passed a
general law authorizing miners to buy their
claims. Now, we want the farmers along-
side of them to have the right to buy theirs.
This bill is intended to have that effect,
and it applies simply to the State of Cali-
fornia.
Mr. L. MYERS. I know nothing against
this bill But. I desire to say that other .com-
mittees have been cut off from tne opportun-
ity of reporting as well as the Committee on
Mines and Mining.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. Is debate in
order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. Then I object to
debate.
The question being taken on suspending the
rules, there were—ayes lorty-one, noes not
counted.
So (two thirds not having voted in the affirm-
ative) the rules were not suspended.
appeals and writs of error.
Mr. BINGHAM moved that the rules be
suspended, that the Committee on the Judi-
ciary be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the bill (H. R. No. 1625) to amend
an act entitled "An act supplementary to an
act entitled 'An act to allow the United States
to prosecute appeals and writs of error with-
out giving security,' and for other purposes,"
approved July 27, 1868, and that the same be
passed with an amendment.
The bill was read. It proposes to amend
section two of an act entitled "An act sup-
plementary to an act entitled 'An act to allow
the United States to prosecute appeals and
writs of error without giving security,' and for
other purposes," approved July 27, 1868, by
adding at the end thereof the following:
Provided, That the provisions of this section shall
not apply to suits in which the amount in contro-
versy is less than $500, exclusive of costs.
The amendment was read as follows:
In line ten strike out " $500 " and insert "§2,000."
Mr. BINGHAM. I only desire to say to
the House that the second section of the act
of 1868, whose title is recited in the bill, and
which is attempted to be amended by the re-
port of the Committee on the Judiciary—a
report which 1 believe was unanimously
adopted by the committee—applies exclu-
sively to suits against railroad companies, and
that the effect of the amendment is to prevent
the transfer by railroad companies of an ap-
peal or a writ of error from State courts in all
cases, except where the amount in dispute ex-
ceeds $2,000. As the case now stands a man
who brings a suit for the killing of a horse or
an ox is subject to have it transferred at once
by the corporation, under the act of 1868, to
the United States court.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest to the
gentleman that he should still further increase
the amount. I think it should not be less
than $5,000.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no objection to
that modification.
The bill was accordingly modified by insert-
ing "$5,000" in place of " $2,000."
The rules were suspended, (two thirds vot-
ing in favor thereof,) and the bill, as amended,
was passed.
jefferson w. davis.
Mr. SLOCUM moved that the rules be sus-
pended, that the Committee on Military Affairs
be discharged from the further consideration
of the bill (S. No. 451) for the relief of Jeffer-
son \V. Davis, and that the same be passed.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Paymaster General of the Army to pay to
Jefferson W. Davis, late of the sixty fourth
regiment New York volunteers, out of any
money appropriated, or which may.hereafter
be appropriated, for the pay of t.he Army, a
sum equal to the pay and emoluments of a
first lieutenant of infantry, from the 23d day
of June, 1864, to the 10th day of May, 1865,
deducting whatever pay he may have received
for that period.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds hav-
ing voted in favor thereof,) and the bill was
estate of ely moore.
Mr. DUNNELL moved that the rules be
suspended, that the Committee on the Public
Lands be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 1298) for the
relief of the heirs of Ely Moore, and that the
bill be passed with amendments.
The bill was read. It provides that the sum
of $11,299 be allowed to the heirs of Ely
Moore, tate register of the land office at
Lecompton, Kansas, for the money necessarily
paid out and expended by said Ely Moore,
in the payment of clerks necessarily employed
in said land ofiice, between the 19th day of
January, A. I). 1857, and the 27th day of Jan-
uary, A. D. 1860. The second section author-
izes and directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay said heirs $11,299 out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The amendments were as follows:
In tine four, section one, strike out the word
"heirs" and insert the word "estate."
In line four, section two, strike out the word
"heirs'' and insert the word "estate."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This seems to be
an old claim, about fourteen years old. I
would like to know something about it.
Mr. DUNNELL. There is a report, which
I ask to have read.
Mr. HOLMAN. This seems to be for the
benefit of the creditors instead of the heirs.
Mr. DUNNELL. There' are no creditors
to this estate.
