2146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
are in favor of its provisions from having a
vote upon it. Really the sense of the House
has never yet been taken on this forty-third
section. It went over by unanimous consent
under thatarrangement. The gentleman from
Indiana is entitled to the floor for five minutes
on the amendment moved by him.
Mr. KERR. I ask gentlemen, then, Mr.
Speaker, to give attention to the few facts I
shall hastily state. In the first place, the
amendment I offer is embodied in six exceed-
ingly important sections, each of which is more
or less worthy to have separate attention, and
every one of which is exceedingly important
in its object and intent. The subject-matter
treated by each is full of intrinsic importance,
affecting people of almost every section of the
country. They relate to and affect every in-
terest connected with the water carried com-
merce of the interior of the country. I wish
to say that the amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Townsend] is the
reinsertion of the forty-third section in the form
in which it was rejected the other day. He pro-
poses to incorporate in this bill eightaections of
a very important lavv"by mere reference to that
law, without bringingit before the House at all,
•without having it printed, without giving any
gentleman upon this floor an opportunity to
see it, to inspect it, or to reflect on it. It is
extraordinary in every respect. It is most
dangerous. It ought to be tolerated by no
legislative body, t say it is a most culpable
mode of attempting to enact laws in any coun-
try. That is his amendment. That act to
■which I refer is the law of lMatch 3, 1851, to
limit the liability of ship-ovvtieis. By its terms
it is confined in its effect and operation to ship
owners engaged in the external commerce of
the couutiy upon the high seas. It is at best
a crude and unsatisfactory law even in its pres-
ent application. But for practical application
to the interior water commerce of the country
it is extremely objectionable and intolerable.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want gentlemen also
to take note that my amendments do not em-
brace all that is in what purports to be my
amendments, as printed, hut my amendments
consist only of the first six sections of what I
send to the Clerk; the other two sections
thereof I had printed with my amendments
merely to enable gentlemen readily and con-
veniently to see what the third and lourth sec-
tions of the law of 1851 really are. To those
sections, three and (our, 1 object, believing
them to he impolitic or vicious in principle,
and such as ought not to bo enacted. When
applied to the interior commerce, 1 think the
third section attempts to confer oil Federal
courts a larger and broader jurisdiction than
is admissible under the Constitution. The
third section of my amendment is intended to
obviate this objection, and to bring and keep
the jurisdiction of those courts on these sub-
jects exactly within the letter and spirit of
the Constitution. The fourth section, which I
also reject, 1 think is utterly indefensible in
all respects, and ought not to be entertained
by the House at all. But I have not time now
to speak of it in detail. It is enough for me
now to state that that fourth section proposes
to limit the liability of ship-owners in cases
of loss of property, or of damage resulting
either from marine contract or tort, to the
value of the owner's interest in the ship or
vessel, and to permit the owner in any such
case to relieve himself from all actions, claim,
or liability of any such kind, if he will go into
court and assign to a trustee, for the use of
the sufferers, his ship or vessel, although that
may at the time be at the bottom of the sea
aud utterly valueless. Such a proposition is
intolerable, in my judgment, and would do
gross injustice to the millions of citizens who
do of necessity from time to time intrust the
safety of their persons and property to such
ships or vessels.
Now, to what general subject-matters do
these important sections of my amendments
relate? The first one is intended to exempt
ship-owners from liability for the loss of prop-
erty upon their ships by fire in all eases where
the owners are not guilty of personal neglect,
thus changing the rule of law now prevailing
throughout the interior of our country—the
rule of both the civil and the common law—
that the ship-owner is responsible to shippers
to the whole extent of damage caused by the
wrongful act or negligence of the master or
crew, on the rational ground that these offi-
cers or persons are the agents or servants of
the ship-owner, and that he should therefore
be answerable for their acts. By the act of
1851 this exemption is now given to ship-
owners engaged in the exterior commerce
of the country. The exemption is based
upon and borrowed from the maritime codes
of modern Europe. Its policy and aim are
to encourage citizens to embark their cap-
ital in the ownership of vessels and in the
conduct of such commerce. The policy has
less real merit when applied to the interior
than to the exterior commerce, but it is en-
titled to just consideration in each case. I
do not wish to deny reasonable exemptions
to the owners of river vessels ; this section
secures it to them. The proviso of the section
is merely intended to guard against any appear-
ance by Congress of giving authority to such
common carriers to limit by private contract
their liability, and to leave their right to do so
to rest upon the rules of the common law and
the law merchant, as they are from time to
time adjudicated and settled by the courts of
the States and the Federal Government. I
think that is all they should demand iu this
behalf.
Section two, as gentlemen will see, if they
will turn their eye to it for a moment, pro-
poses to extend the same exemption trom lia
bility where a shipper puts upon board any
ship or vessel any gold, gold dust, silver, or
any other valuable property having very little
bulk, without at the same time giving the
owner of the ship or vessel specific notice of
the true nature aud character of the property
so shipped. That, too, proposes, to some
extent, to reverse all the existing rules of law
in this country on that subject, and to incor-
porate into our system the principle of the
modern maritime codes of Europe. It is a
copy of the like section in the act of 1851,
except that it does not require the notice to
be given in writing. It ought not so to re-
quire. That strict requirement would work
great injustice, many times against the people
on our interior water-courses, who are neces-
sarily and by their habits unfamiliar with such
matters.
Section three of my amendments is so im-
portant that I will ask the Clerk to read it as
part of my remarks.
The Cleik read as follows:
Sec. —. That the liability of the owner or owners
of any ship or vessel engnged in commerce among
the several States of the Union, or between two or
more of said Slates, for any act done, or contract
made, or tort committed, without tho priviry, fault,
or knowledge of such owner or owncis, which act,
contract, or tort, by reason of tbeir nature ort,ub-
jeet-niatter, come within admiralty and maritime
jurisdiction, shall in no case exceed the amount or
value of tho interest of such owner or owners,
respectively, in such ship or vessel, and her freight
then pending; and for tno purposes ot this section
the amount or value of the interest of such owner
or owners in such ship or vessel, and her freight,
shall be taken to be the value thereof inimcdiately
before the accruing of such liability.
Mr. KERB. Mr. Speaker, every lawyer in
the House will readily see that this provision
in its general purpose is also borrowed from
the maritime codes of modern Europe, and in-
corporates into the regulation of the interior
commerce of this country an entirely new and
original principle. It is now, however, sub-
stantially ihe law with reference to the exter-
nal commerce of the country, and determines
the extent of liability of ship-owners engaged
in foreign commerce. But its language differs
materially from that of the act of 1851, and
the difference chiefly consists in making this
section in its application to commerce on onr
rivers and other interior waters conform to
the letter and spirit of the Constitution in its
grant of admiralty jurisdiction. The language
of this section, as I have introduced it, every
lawyer I think will also readily see, is very
carefully drawn with reference to bringing its
provisions within the very words and intent of
the Constitution of the United States touch-
ing the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction
of the district courts of the United States; for
it ismtothe district, courts of the United States
thatallthisnewjurisdiction isbeing taken by this
bill. It is therefore an exceedingly important
change, and divests a very extensive jurisdic-
tion enjoyed for more than half a century
by State tribunals, deemed by them, by the
courts, aud by the people to be of very great
importance. It is now to be swept from them
forever and transferred to the Federal courts.
It becomes Congress to enact such grave legis-
lation with the utmost care and deliberation.
Every word ought to be duly weighed and
criticised. These recent extensions of the ad-
miralty and maritime jurisdiction of the courts
of the United States have been very great, and
made very rapidly, and the people generally
do not yet realize their extent. They should
be kept, by every effort of proper construction,
within the true intent of the Constitution.
There is infinite danger that they will exceed
that intent. We should not hastily borrow
the forms of law from European nations;
nations whose legislatures are the possessors
of unlimited powers, restrained by no written
constitutions.
I say to the House, and I desire to be fully
understood, that in proposing these amend-
ments, which I have done with some reluct-
ance, 1 have done it after the most careful
consideration of the subject, and after the
most careful consideration of all the author-
ities on the subject in this country, including
some very recently tendered and yet unre-
ported decisions of the Supreme Court, which
1 now hold in my hand, the one reudered only
a few days ago by Justice Bradley, and con-
curred m by the whole court, applying only to
the existing law of the United Siates in refer-
ence to the external commerce of the coun-
try. I mean the law of March 3, 1851. I think
these sections offered by me, iu the interests
of ship-owners on our rivers and interior navi-
gable waters, goto the verge both of propriety
and power in order to promote their interests.
I am not willing to go further. I think, indeed,
that this entire bill is framed to a dangerous
extent in the interests alone of the ship-owners,
and that the interests of shippers and of the
people have not been sufficiently guarded or
considered.
As the section is now guarded, I submit to
the House, and I submit to every fair-minded
friend of the ship-owners, that this third sec-
tion grants them every just advantage of sub-
stantial value that was given to them by the
act of 1851, and that they ought with one voice
to be willing to accept it, and to accept it as a
most generous advanceon the part of Congress
in order to serve them, and pro^note their
purely personal interests in connection with
their particular business.
Now, in reference to the fourth section of
my amendment, 1 need only say at this time
that the object of that section is to construe
the preceding part-of the amendments and to de-
fine wno shall be deemed a ship-owner in order
to avoid controversy where a ship is exclus-
ively run, victualed, and officered by a char-
terer. ^ Without taking time now to read it, I
think it is enough to say m reference to it that
it is a precautionary measure intended merely
to make perfect and mature the preceding sec-
tions, and yet at the same time it saves all
the substantial advantages of this new princi-
ple to all persons who stand for the time being
as charterers in the place of the legal owners
of the ships.
