302
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 1,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Kelley.
42d Cong....2d Ses?.
other useful metals. They spin and weave
cotton, wool, silk, and other, fibers. They
manufacture chemicals.. They compete with
us in all lines of industry. Here, sir, is the
field from which the protectionist would raise
the revenue of the Government. The laborer
of those nations is paid sometimes one eighth
the wages of American workmen iu the same
line;' sometimes one seventh, one sixth, oae
fifth, or one fourth; sometimes, in Great Brit-
ain, nearly one half what the American re-
ceives for the same work; and rarely or never
a larger percentage. N ow, Mr. Chairman, the
protectionists would levy such duties upon the
productions of this under-paid labor as would
make its lordly employers pay the expenses
of our Government for the privilege of enter-
ing our market and impairing the field- for
employment- and the wages of labor in this
broad and richly endowed country. They
would maintain such duties on productions
common to those countries and ours as would
protect the American rate of wages, however
high it may be raised. They regard a work-
man's skill at his trade as his estate, and
would thus defend and protect him in its
enjoyment.
So much for the theory of protectionists as
understood by one who believes he serves his
country and mankind by advocatiug it in sea-
son and out of season.
What is the policy of the majority of the
Committee of Ways and Means? It is not
fully expressed in the bill before the com-
mittee. . The gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
■ Finbei.nborg] says he does not approve it,
and begs ihe free traders to take it, though
he kuows they loath it, and in the same breath
he urges the protectionist to take it, for fear
some day they may be compelled to swaliow
a more offensive dose. .What a comment this
is on *he merits of the bill 1 The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] cannot say he
will s <pport it. He gives you a schedule of
a bill which he and his Democratic colleagues
have projected. Yet, sir, the utterances of
those who wish us to accept the bill are in
accord; all the speeches are marked by the
same general characteristics as the poor little
.'thing which lies fatherless, unrecognized on
our files as bill No. 2322.
What is the policy of these gentlemen as
thus disclosed? Is it to enfranchise commerce
between American citizens? No; they propose
to maintain a schedule of internal taxes which
. will yield more than $100,000,000 a year.
They would perpetuate tins, system. In this I
cannot agree with them. Sir, when we shall
celebrate the centennial of our independence I
do not want the foreigners who ;shall visit us
to Sud that under our republican Government
we have succumbed to a system of stamp
taxes which our fathers warred for nearly
 >ight years to overthrow. I do not want to
find that if a iipanish or other cigar-maker
visits our country, and to support himself
, makes a few cigars, he will, instead of visit-
ing the cenntenial exhibition, be incarcerated in
your.jail, because iu this free land he under-
took t.o follow his trade without having gone
to the assessor of the district and registered
himself, and procured a license. I want the
farmer of the South to be free to sell his to-
bacco in whatever form he pleases, and to him
who will give the .best price for it. 1 want to
get l'id of the unconstitutional export tax on
distilled spirits. The Constitution provides
that no export tax shall be levied, and yet,
sir, we are this day collecting from sixty-eight
to seventy cents tax on every gallon of spirits
manufactured in this country, and by an ex-
press provision in our law we are prohibited
from refunding more than sixty cents in case
the.whisky should be exported; thus indirectly
imposing a tax on the export of one of our
great staples which the express language
of the Constitution prohibits us from doing
directly.
I remark, in passing, that the majority bill
proposes to retain in full this tax on spirits
exported after it has been sold, or otherwise
than by being shipped directly from the still-
house to the vessel on which it is to be
shipped. The tax on spirits less that on
sales is sixty-five cents ; including sales it is
sixty-eight cents ; yet gentlemen propose to
retain the tax on sales, and thereby collect an
export tax of eight cents a gallon on all
spirits exported otherwise than directly from
the distillety.
What do they propose to do to promote com-
merce between the manufacturing and the non-
manufactnringnatioins to which I have alluded?
W hy, sir, their bill isa cruel satire on the catch
words by which it is to be popularized. "Free
trade" and "revenue reform" are the.cries!
Free trade to the farmer who grows' tobacco
and may sell only to licensed purchasers!
Free trade! while maintaining such restric-
tions upon trade between us, the Orient and
the nations of the tropics, that no American
vessel can go to them for a cargo. Look at
it. What does their bill propose? Thank
fortune, sir, we have this morning got rid of
some of the restrictions these friends of unre-
stricted trade proposed to maintain. They
would have kept a duty often cents per pound
on tea and two cents a pound on coffee,
and these have been put into the free list. We
have, however; not been so fortunate with
regard to the fifteen per cent, on block tin and
the duties on spices and gums, which are still
dutiable. Free trader Do they mean unre-
stricted trade between Americans and the
people of countries producing only what we
need, and needing what we produce? Oh,
no ! This trade must be restricted, bound up,
hampered, hamstrung, and for what? Why is
it to be thus embarrassed and restricted ?
It is, sir, that the productions of the cheap
labor of Europe may be admitted at lower or
nominal rateg of duty ; that your mines and
forges and furnaces and rolling-mills; that
your woolen and cotton and silk factories may
either be closed, or that they who operate them
shall be compelled to work at wages approx-
imating more neatly to those paid by the
manufacturing nations of Europe. Restrict
all trade that can give development to Amer-
ican enterprise, energy, genius, or skill, but
make that free which will strike your laborers
down to the degradation of those of Europe,
is the philosophy of bill No. 2322, against
which my colleague on the committee from
Tennessee [Mr. MaYnard] and I protest.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Burch-
ard] further said:
" Clamor has been raised from time to time against
the internal revenue system. I have not time to
enter at largo upon the discussion of the relative
advantages and disadvantages of the customs and
internal revenue systems. It is conceded on all
sides that both must, to some extent, be maintained."
Mark you well, Mr. Chairman, " it is con-
ceded oil all sides." Pray by whom? Who
concedes it?
Mr. BURCHARD. Have you not con-
ceded it?
Mr. KELLEY. Never ia this world did I
concede it.
Mr. BURCHARD. It is in your bill.
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, it is in my bill, and I
will explain why it is there before long. Bat
I may say right here that we cannot strike down
the whole system at once and at present j hat
that I want to put the infernal [laughter]—I
should say the internal system of taxation—in
the process^of speedy, final, extinguishment;
so that in 1876, when our customs revenue, as I
believe it will, shall have reached $280,000,000
per annum, and our interest account shall have i
been greatly reduced, the world may assemble
to celebrate our one hundredth birthday, aud
find America a free and untaxed nation. That
is possible, and that I aim at accomplishing.
Mr. Chairman, what the gentleman from
Illinois assumes to be conceded on all sides
wa3 npt conceded by the House of Represent-
atives of the Forty First Congress, when, on
my motion, on the.l2th of December, 1870, by
a vote almost unanimous, being 166 to 6, it
Smolved, That the true principle of revenue re-
form points to the abolition of the internal revenue
system, which was created as a war measure to pro-
vide for extraordinary expenses, and the contin-
uance of which involves the employment, at tho
cost of millions of dollars annually, of an army
of assessors, collectors, supervisors, detectives, and
other officers previously unknown, and requires the
repeal at the earliest day, consistent with the main-
tenance of the faith and credit of the Government,
of all stamp and other internal taxes."
Nor, sir, was it conceded by this House,
when on the 10th day of April, 1871, on my
motion, it reaffirmed that resolution by a vote
of 130 to 21. Where is the warrant, then,
for saying that it is conceded on all sides ?
Mr .'BURCHARD. I would suggest to the
gentleman that the same. House of the last
Congress adopted substantially the reductions
we propose in this bill oil irou and steel.
Mr. KELLEY. I shall not be diverted from
the gentleman's point, that the necessity for
perpetuating the internal tax system is con-
ceded on all sides. When did the Democratic
party concede it ? Was it when through the
war they were denouncing it as unconstitu-
tional, iniquitous, and inquisitorial ? Do they
now stand at the back of the three members
of the Ways and Means Committee who repre-
sentthat party on the committee? Are they
prepared to insist that they were only speaking
in a Pickwickian sense when they said it was
unconstitutional; that they never felt it to be
inquisitorial; that it is not oppressive, but
that they find it altogether lovely?
No, sir; the Democratic party will have
changed front ifit consents to stand the defender
of that system of taxation which it denounced
through the whole war and the troublous
years immediately following; if its members
shall indorse and sustain the demand that
.our children's children shall be made familiar
with the national assessor, tax-collector, super-
visor, and detective, and that through all time
the avenues to justice in our courts shall be
clogged and practically closed as now because
they are thronged with revenue suits, harassing
citizens for real or alleged violations of the
internal revenue laws.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Chairman, I do not un-
derstand that the Democratic party holds any
such position as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania wonld ascribe to them.
Mr. KELLEY. I donotascribeitto them.
I assume that the three members of the Ways
and Means Committee have counted without
their host, and that f heir party will disown the
position they have assumed.
Mr. WOOD. It is in favor of the abolition
of the internal revenue system.
Mr. KELLEY. i supposed it was.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. And withyour
tariff raise money to support the Government.
Mr. WOOD. Yes; with free tea and coffee.
Mr. KELLEY. Now, sir, approaching the
examination of this internal revenue system, I
turn to my friend (and I speak it in more than
a parliamentary sense) the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. FinkeindtoCi,] for I never
knew pleasanter personal relations to exist
between members of a large and important
committee than those which exist between the
members oflhis committee and between myself
and every other member; Lsay again that I
bear testimony to their integrity, and I hope
the House will not think that I disparage their
judgment by doing so.
