354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January
•7
11
The VICE PRESIDENT. By a majority
▼ote.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I move
that it lie on the table, and it will be within
the reach of the Senator from Oregon when-
ever lie can get a majority of the Senate to
move to proceed to its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
motion to postpone, the Senator from Maine
makes a motion of higher privilege, which is
to lay the bill on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Chair will receive the morning
business and call for bills and joint resolutions.
Mr. CRAGIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
456) increasing the pension of Joseph Burn-
ham : which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 457) to authorize the West Wisconsin Rail-
way Company to keep up and maintain a bridge
for railway purposes across Lake St. Croix,
at the city of Hudson, in the State of Wiscon-
sin ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. COLE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 458)
to provide for the segregation of the public
lands of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
459) defining the rights of persons settling
upon the public lands; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to bo printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 460) to abolish the coinage charge in the
mints of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. COLE submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency ot erecting asuitablebuildingon the vacant
portion of the custom-house grounds, in San Fran-
cisco, for the use of the Federal officers in that city
who are now occupying rented tenements, and that
they be directed to report by bill or otherwise.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 19th of
December last, correspondence relating to the
subject of international coinage; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
The VICE P-RESIDENT also laid before the
Senate the following communication:
Wishixgtox, D. April 19,1871.
The undersigned being authorized and directed by
the second section of the act of Congress, approved
34th May, 1870, to ascertain and settle upon princi-
ples of justice, a fair and ,i ust compensation for the
uso of the Corcoran Art Building and grounds, sit-
uated at the corner of Pennsylvania avenue and
Seventeenth street, in the city of Washington, while
the same were occupied by the United States for the
public service, hereby award the sum of S125.000 for
the use by the United States of said building and
grounds.
W. "W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary of the Treasury.
HAMILTON FISII,
^secretary of State.
The communication was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, it
was
Ordered. That the petition and papers of Timothy
Baker be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Post Odioes and Post
Roads.
On motion of Mr. STEVENSON, it was
Ordered, That Mrs. E. B. McCormick be, and she
hereby is, authorized to withdraw the papers in her
claim now on file before the Committee of Claims of
the Senate.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia,
it was
Ordered, That the papers in the claim of Charles
and H. W. Spencer betaken from the files of the Sen-
ate and referred to the Committee of Claims.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, it was
Ordered, That Donnelly and Esan have leave to
withdraw their papers from the files of the Senate.
ONE TERM FOR PRESIDENT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular morn-
ing business seems to have concluded. The
Senator from New York gave notice of his
desire to call up a joint resolution to-day for
the purpose of submitting remarks upon it.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask that the resolution
to which I referred be taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York moves- that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 4) proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States, confining the
President to one term.
The motion was agreed to; and the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 4) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
confining the President to one term, was read
the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, we have
entered an era of reform—a change has been
made in the civil service. It will, I trust, be
real and useful. It will be vain if it does not
cure the chief evils it is meant to remedy.
Place-hunting, is one of the great industries of
the nation—it is almost a mania. Public em-
ployment is set above private occupation, and
this, though for the honest and the competent,
public employment is the poorest field of Amer-
ican exertion. Public agents and representa-
tives have been hindered in their duties, and
their time taxed by applicants for office. In
this way their usefulness has been impaired,
and they have been much belied, too, by those
who cannot understand that any man or any-
thing is honest, and who feel robbed whenever
an appointment is made without, in some way,
paying toll to them.
The President has been made the object of
gross assault, because he would not yield to
demands sometimes sordid and vile, touching
''patronage and the purest public adminis-
trator has been exposed to suspicion of abus-
ing the appointing power for personal ends,
'lhese evils, among others, have cursed the
public service, and the proposed change is not
worth trying unless it goes far to uproot them.
The very firststep in the new plan, is to divorce
appointments from patronage and favoritism.
The head and front of the change, is to make
the bestowal of place no longer hinge on the
will of the appointing power. In other words,
we are about to try the withdrawal of political
patronage, from politics. The first effect, and
chief merit, claimed for this, is that nomina-
tions and elections by the people, will not be
helped or hurt by hopes or fears of the gain or
loss of place.
In the presence of this transition, and facing
it on the threshold, a motion is made to amend
the Constitution so as to forbid rejections to
the Presidency. We are told that the amend-
ment belongs to the reform—that without the
amendment, the reform is nothing. The amend-
ment is designed to do away with an alleged
wrong of the old system of appointments, and
we are told that in dismissing the old system
itself, an J foundinga new and different system,
we must also change the Constitution, in order
to get rid of a peril to which the old system was
open, but which the new system is specially
designed to remove.
Under usages and regulations of the past,
the President, it is said, might aid his reelec-
tion by the bad use of patronage—this is the
argument; and now, when we are in the act
of shutting out, or fencing in, patronage, so
that it cannot be thus used, we arc asked to
say that the President never shall be reelected
at all.
We arc in the act of providing that Presi
dents shall not be reflected by bad means, and
we are told that as part of the same act we
must provide that Presidents shall not be re-
elected by good means.
We are in the act of rooting out the great
alleged evil of reeligibility to second presi-
dential terms, when we are told that we must
not leave reeligibility standing in the Consti-
tution, even after its alleged evil has been taken
away.
We are about stripping a thing of the one
standing objection to it, and we are told that
the thing itself must not exist after the objec-
tion is gone.
This seems very odd. A common mind sees
it all the other way.
To me, the two things seem not only distinct,
but opposite. They seem not to belong to-
gether at all. They seem to contradict each
other. If we were engaged in preserving the
old system of appointments, I could see the
fitness and the use of removing dangers, real
or supposed, belonging to that system. But
when we are bringing in a new system, I do not
see the need oi a constitutional anathema
aimed at departing evils.
Abuses banished with the old system, and
superseded and prevented by the new, would
seem not to require further action, certainly
not to require action warring on reason in other
respects.
It may be urged that in spite of tho change
just begun, a remnant of patronage will still
remain. This is true; but to deny that the
new measures will shield the great body of the
public service, is to disciedit aud desert reform
in advance, and to brand it as a failure.
Again, it seems like a blow in ihe face of
civil service reform to eject or exclude a man
from office merely because he lias held it four
years. " Removals only for cause '• tenures
depending on good behavior;" "retaining in
place those who do their duty"—these arc the
trite and favorite catch-words of civil service
reform. Yet here comes a scheme, to fix a con
stitutional bar sinister upon an officer, becauee
he has been an officer four years, and because
he has won such public confidence that you
can get rid of him only by imposing a legal
disability.
For these reasons, omitting others, the pro-
posed alteration of the Constitution seems
quite uncalled for now. It seems so uncalled
tor that we pause to ask why it is here.
A presidential canvass is upon us, and the
dominant party is likely to support for reelec-
tion the present Chief Magistiate. Docs this
fact throw any light upon the portentous pre-
amble, and the solemn resolution before us?
He must be blind, indeed, who does not see
in this proposed amendment, a device, a make-
weight, an expedient, to affect the reelection
of President Grant.
Ostrich-like, it buries its head, but ostrich-
like, it is big with exposure. It wears a vail
of preamble and a fig-leaf of benevolent post-
ponement. It tries to hide its real self under
the words:
"This amendment shall not take cffcct until after
the 4th of March, 1873."
Our attention was especially called to these
words. What are they for? Why are they
there ? They pretend to give us respite, or
reprieve.
One falls into reverie while considering
wheiher most to admire the guiielessness or
the skill, the ingenuousness or the ingenuity,
