1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1251
country will understand how much there was
of real anxiety to ascertain the actual expendi-
tures of the Government, instead of a wish to
make a show to the country for some purpose.
In reference to this particular item, it seems
to me that the gentleman could have under-
stood what became ot this $8,000,000. The
gentleman knows that there was a large
amount of arms sold by the War Department,
realizing between e:ght and ten million dol-
lars. That amount stood on the one side to
the credit of the War Department, and when
it was paid over into the Treasury it was
charged against the War Department. There-
fore, ou the one side it went into the account
of expenditures, while on the other side it
stood to the creditof the War Department. It
was the amount received for arms sold, and
stood to the credit of the War Department
because the War Department had sold the
arms. Ou the other side, when it was paid
into the Treasury it was charged to the War
Department. But it entered into none of the
current expenditures of the War Department,
not a dollar of it.
The gentleman knows that on yesterday,
without a dissenting voice, this House passed
a resolution instruciing the Committee on Ex-
penditures of the War Department to inquire
into all this matter concerning the sale of
arms by that Department. Nobody on this
side of the House objected to that resolution ;
nobody on this side of the House has ever ob-
jected to such a resolution, it was introduced
by a gentleman on this side of the House,
[Mr. Lynch,] and passed without a dissent-
ing voice Where, then, is the ground for my
fnend liom Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] with all his
apparent zeal lor a disclosure of tbe expendi-
tuies of the War Department, to say that any
man ou this side of the House desires to cover
up one penny of that expenditure? Let him
put his linger on anything that will afford him
or any man any ground of suspicion for saying,
iipon his responsibility here in this House, that
there is any objection ou the part of any gen-
tleman on this side of the House to any invest-
igation into this matter.
[Here the hammer Jell.]
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted
on the pending amendment.
Mr. G-AKFlELL), of Ohio. I move pro
f rma to increase this item of appropriation
S&>,000, for the purpose of calling the atten-
tion of the Committee of the Whole to the
topic of debate, and to say that I think it is
unfortunate that the gentleman has moved his
amendment to the clause now pending. A
simple explanation is all I am going to make,
because 1 do not intend to be drawn aside from
the consideration of this bill, by any political
discussion. Here is a clause appropriating
800,000 to pay the mileage of officers travel-
ing under orders. Until lhe 1st day of August,
1870, th<> quartermaster's department paid alt
these mileage accounts. By the law of August
1, 1870, the whole business of paying mileage
and commutation was turned over to the pay
department. In this new business the pay
department, not having experience enough to
know liow much money would be required
during the year, made its estimates modestly.
In a letter from the Paymaster General, which
1 hold in my hand, it is explained that the
estimates were too small, and that according
to lour months' experience during the present
fiscal year $90,000 would be needed as a defi-
ciency appropriation. I submit this letter as
a part of "my remarks :
Paymaster General's Office,
War Department,
Washington', December 11,1871.
SIR: I hnve the honor to submit herewith an
estimate of additional appropriation for mileage
required by thi3 Depaitment tor the scrvice of the
fiscal year ending June 30,1872.
There is no balance in the Treasury to credit of
the original appropriation, and balances on account
thereof in the hands of paymasters are insufficient
to meet the estimated demands of the unexpired
portion ot the period named.
The deficiency of $90,000 in this appropriation is
explained by the fact that the payment of vouchers
for mileage first devolved upon this department
August 1, i870, and its first estimato of an appro-
priation therefor (being that of the current fiscal
year) was made in October, 1870, before it had ac-
quired any experience of the wants of the service in
this regard.
The estimate of this deficiency is based upon the
actnat expenditures of the first four months of the
current fiscal year, a period marked by no unusual
circumstance calculated to swell those expenditures
beyond the ordinary.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
CHARLES T. LARNED,
Acting Paymaster General, U.S.A.
The Hon. Secretary of War.
Mr. BECK. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. In response to what has been said by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] I will say that I did object this morn-
ing to the reference of my resolution to the
Committee on Appropriations, or any other
committee, because there was no propriety in
its being so referred and there stifled, as it
would be. I offered it as a Representative hav-
ing a right to know the facts. Ten days ago
I offered a similar resolution with reference to
the Navy Department, and after some trouble
got it through because we on this side of the
House had determined that we would have
that information or the naval appropriation
bill should never pass. When 1 offered my
resolution to-day every gentleman on the
floor understood its purpose and effect; that
it was designed to ascertain the facts relative
not only to the sales of arms to the French
Government, but all sales of arms, and other
military stores which have been sold in years
gone by. I say again that I have endeavored
time and again to get that information, and
difficulties have always been interposed on the
other side of the House. The littleeffort that
was made yesterday to inquire into the sales
of arms to the French Government covered only
some eight million dollars, not a tithe of the
amounts which have been sold by that Depart-
ment. No objection was made to that resolu-
tion on this side of the House because it came
from a gentleman on that side. It was offered
by the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Lynch,]
and no gentleman on this side objected. Yes-
terday in the hurry of business it was impos-
sible for me to get the floor to move a suspen-
sion of the rules, although I endeavored all day
to do so. The Speaker would have given it to
me, I know, if he could have done so j but
there were so many ahead of me that it was
impossible. Hence I was obliged to offer the
resolution to-day, when its adoption could
be prevented by a single objection. But I
give notice that to-morrow, before we go into
Committee of the Whole, I will again offer
the resolution if the Speaker will recog-
nize me, and I believe he will if he has a
chance, and if it is objected to, I will make
whatever objection I can to the passage of this
bill. Gentlemen can read the resolution in
the Globe to-morrow morning, and they will
see that it does not contain a line nor a word
reflecting upon anybody. It simply calls for
information which every member of this House
ought to have. It is such information as no
Secretary of War ought to object to communi-
cating—information which is necessary to
enable ns to legislate intelligently. I am not
making charges against the present Secretary.
I have never done so. I want to know the
facts, and I intend to know them if I have the
power to do so.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] is mistaken when he says that the
$8,000,000 referred to in the report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury was covered into the
Treasury. There is all the difference in the
world between the phrase "repaid into the
Treasury," and the phrase "covered into
the Treasury." Money is "repaid into the
Treasury" when a sale is made. It is put into
the Treasury, and the Treasurer holds it as
the agent for the Department, subject to be
drawn out upon draftsof the officers depositing
it. When money ia " covered into the Treas-
ury," it is beyond the control of these officers.
Hence, the language of the law of 1870 requir-
ing all unexpended balances to be " covered
into the Treasury," so that they should not be
paid out upon the draft of anybody without
an appropriation by Congress. Prior to the
passage of that act all unexpended balances
remained in the Treasury, subject to the draft
of the officer depositing them. In framing my
resolution 1 have, in the first place, called upon
the Secretary of War to report to us the prop-
erty that has been sold ; and I have also called
upon the Treasurer to inform us what moneys
had been paid in, what drawn out, and by
whom, so that one statement should be a check
upon the other, and that neither officer should
makeafalseor incorrect statement of the/acts
without the check which the statement of the
other would furnish. I know that the sales
by the War Department have been very large
in the last six years, and I know that it is all
spent in addition to all the sums appropriated,
and as the money comes out of the pockets of
the people, I insist upon their right to know
how, when, and by whom it has been spent.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say just one word
more, which will be a sufficient answer to the
whole of the gentleman's statement in regard
to the alleged unwillingness displayed here to
have an inquiry made. In the early ( art of
this session, I think within two weeks of the
beginning of this session, on my own motion,
I introduced a resolution instructing nil these
committees, the Committee on Expenditures
in the Navy Department, the Committee on
Expenditures in the War Department, the
Committee on Expendituiesin the Post Office
Depaitment, and the Committee on Expendi-
tures in the Interior Department, out: and all
of them—after the resolution that had been
introduced by the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Lynch] in reference to the Treasury D. pave-
ment—to examine into all the accoun s of
those Departments, and all their vouchers and
expendituies, and report to this House. J hero
is no foundation whatever for any charge trom
any quarter of any reluctance to make these
investigations.
Mr. LYNCH. If the gentleman will allow
me I will state that these committees are now
making those very investigations.
Mr. DA WES. It seems to me that my friend
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] in view of tins
fact, acts in an extraordinary manner when
he announces that no more apptoprtaiion bills
are to be passed here with his assent, or that
of the gentlemen on his side ot the House,
until his particular resolution has passed the
House.
Mr. MORGAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] a ques-
tion. Why not allow the Secretary of War to
answer these inquiries? Why not al'ow the
House to propound questions which he can
answer directly, without waiting for the investi-
gation of a committee into the affairs of his
Department?
Mr. DAWES. Why not? Who objects?
Mr. MORGAN. Objection is always made
on the gentleman's side of the House. The
gentleman asks who objects ? The gentleman
himself objected ; and when he withdrew his
objection another gentleman on his side of the
House put in an objection. And this thing
has been done habitually.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, in order that
we may not be exposed to the charge that we
do not want investigation, is it neee.-saiy that
we should be willing,at once to put tbiough
any resolution that may be oflen-d? But I
say let the gentleman bring forward any well-
giounded charge and demand any inquiry
which he deems it necessaiy to make in sup-
port of that charge, and then let him see who
will oppose it.
Mr. MORGAN. The object of the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] was to ascertain truth. We do not
