1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2147
Then in relation to section five of the amend-
ment I will make the same remark, that it
is intended to guard the construction of the
preceding sections, and is a matter of precau-
tion meiely. Both these sections aroreenact-
ments of corresponding sections of the act of
1851, without change that is at all mateiial.
The sixth section is designed to prevent
shippers from putting on board vessels as
freights such dangerous and inflammable ma-
terials as vitriol, gunpowder, and matches
without notice to the officers or owners cf the
ship. This, too, is a reenactment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. The gen-
tleman from Indiana, Mr. Speaker, prefaces
his remarks by stating that importunities had
been addressed to members of this House in
reference to the striking out of this section
from the bill. It is not the first time, sir, that
the gentleman has alluded in that way when a
a question was under discussion. I therefore
resent, so far as I am concerned, any imputa-
tion in regard to any action I may take in refer-
ence to this or any other measure. It comes
before us simply as a question of justice as
between the traveling public and steamboat
owners, and I am for justice, nothing more or
less, as I am able to judge 
Mr. KERR. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to say that the importunities to which
I referred were addressed to myself, and not
to him. They were addressed to me, and
they were very importunate. 1 have no doubt
the gentleman has received the same impor-
tunities.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I have
received no telegrams on the subjsct whatever,
nor would they influence my action in the
slightest degree. The gentleman a lew days
ago complained that there was incorporated m
this bill in regard to steamboats and the pro-
tection of life, a very large and broad ques-
tion which properly belongs to the judiciary.
To my surprise to-day he introduces into the
House six sections, which embiacea very wide
field relating to charters and losses by fire and
damage, and which are, in lact, not at all rele-
vant to the bill which the House has had under
discussion, and which I admit demand the
greatest care and consideration by themselves,
much more than the brief time allowed under
the rule by the House will permit; and if
me iuic mj .....  , -
the gentleman will introduce a separate Dill
amending and defining the law of 1851,1 will
most cheerfully sustain him.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the provision of section
foity-three is not extraordinary, as the gentle-
man has stated. It is simply a definition of
what shall be the law under the present bill,
and it is calculated to prevent the opening of
the very questions which are now in our courts.
I confess that I notice with some_ degree of
pain that almost a panic lias arisen in the
community in regard to accidents. It is not
confined to accidents by steamboats, but it
reaches all modes of travel by land and by
sea. We are liable upon questions of this
kind to enact laws under such circumstances
that may inflict great hardships upon innocent
parties. The people have lights, and so also
have corporations. I have yet to hud that
because a man happens by an investment to
be one of a corporation he is necessarily a
criminal. The very idea of corporation is con-
ceived for the benefit of the public; it enables
the community to profit by the consolidation
of capital; the rates of transpoilation are re-
duced, and the community is mutually inter-
ested in protecting the traveling community
and those who pioviue facilities for them.
In mv own State, so far has the construc-
tion of the law as to common carriers been
construed that an axle of a locomotive break-
ing and loss of life ensuing the courts have
held that although the flaw or delect was
not discernable to the human eye, the com-
pany are presumed to know, thus virtually
making common carriers insurers of human
lives. What a parody on justice is this! And
by our want of definition which this section
is intended to convey we are perpetuating (his
fallacy.
I have replied thus briefly to the argument
of the gentleman who preceded me [Mr.
Kerr,] and 1 will not detain the House longer.
1 hope the House will sustain the action of
the committee, who have bestowed a great de-
gree of care and consideration upon this ques-
tion, one member of which, the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] having drafted
the existing law, and the genleman who intro-
duced the bill, [Mr. Negi.ey,] has also given
to this whole subject a degree of attention that
the House can scarcely estimate. I do not
think the House can improve upon the hill;
and certainly the amendments as offered by
the gentleman from Indiana, even with the
deliberation to which the subject is entitled,
can be subsequently acted upon. I therefore
hope the section reported by the committee
will be sustained.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. _ I need not say to
the legal gentlemen of this lijfouse that from
time immemorial there has been a system of
maritime law distinct from the common law
and distinct from the civil law; and that sys-
tem has, in whole or in part, been carried into
legislative enactments in France, in England,
in northern Kurope and in this country ; that
the admiralty jurisdiction is generally coex-
tensive with that system of maritime law. 1 he
feature of it. to which 1 now call attention is a
limitation of personal liability of the owners
of shipping.
The act of 1851, which the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] had read at the Clerk s
desk the other day, was intended to embody
tliat maritime law in its limitations upon the
liabilities of ship-owners. Its provisions left
open certain questions of jurisdiction as to
what court should apportion the liability, and
as to the modes of procedure. The recent
decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, to which the gentleman from Indiana
lias alluded, has covered that ground, so that
it makes a clear and distinct rule or action,
and defines the jurisdiction of the court and
the limits of the liability of the owners.
Therefore, as we now have it, it is distinct
and well known to lawyers engaged in that
line of business, and there is lio necessity for
its being more distinct.
But the act of 1851, in its closing section,
provided that it should not be applicable to
river and inland navigation. Since that time
it has been extended to navigation upon the
lakes; but it has not been extended to river
navigation. As gentlemen all know, the, ad-
miralty jurisdiction has been extended from
tide-water first to the lakes, and finally to the
rivers. My amendment proposes to transfer
that system, as provided in the act of 1851, in
its simplicity and in its totality, without quali-
fication and without variation, to our western
rivers: a system perfectly known and well
understood by lawyers; that is the whole
Now, the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerii] rehearses the act of 18ol,
but with variations and modifications, the pre-
cise result of which no lawyer can tell; at least
I cannot. We have not time now to consider
it. It is a reeoactitig of the system with new
sections and with variations. Instead of that,
I propose by the language of the forty-third
section of this bill as originally drawn, hut
omitting the clause proposing to extend it, to
new subjects, to transfer the system to the west-
ern rivers exactly as it is now applied to ex-
ternal commerce, to eastern rivers, ancl to he
lakes. And I know of no reason why that
should not be done.
The amendment of the gentleman from .New
York [Mr. Townsekd] is the same as my
amendment with this exception: m addition
to that transfer of the act of 1851 to the rivers,
this language is added :
And such provisions and limitations are also ex-
tended and applied to all claims for Josses of ltfe or
personal injury, both as against tho owner or owners,
charterer or charterers, of the vessel, and the cap-
tain, mate, engineer, and pilot thereof.
Mr. POTTER. If the gentleman will allow
me to interrupt him for a moment, I will say
that as I understand the determination of the
committee the proviso to which he refers is not
included in the amendment winch they have
offered, but that they have offered an amend-
ment which in substance is the same as that
of the gentleman from Ohio. [Mr. Perry.] My
colleague [Mr. Townsend] will state whether
his amendment includes the proviso ?
Mr. TOWNSEND, of NewYork. My amend-
ment is the whole of t.he forty-third section of
this bill.
Mr. POTTER. I understood that the com-
mittee had agreed to that section without the
proviso.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. One word as to the
change so far as it relates to the extention of
the act to personal liability for loss of fife. It
is nothing; there is no such liability now by
the maritime law of the owners except where
they are themselves in fault. So far as it ex-
tends to the officers of the vessel, the captain,
pilot, &e., it apparently relieves them from
liability for losses of life and damage to per-
son by their own fault. And if it is suscep-
tible of that construction, it ought not to be in
the law. So far as it relieves owners who are
not in fault, they are already relieved by the
maritime law if it shall be extended as I wish
it to be, in its simplicity and totaliiy. In my
judgment, it should not be extended to the
captains, mates, and others engaged in hand-
ling vessels, so as to exonerate them from
liability for their own fault.
On that account 1 propose to strike out the
clause extending it to the owners and navi-
gators of the ship, and leave it in its totality
as it is when applied to foreign and external
commerce, to eastern rivers and to the lakes.
It is simply a section transferring the maritime
law as provided in the act of 1851 to the west-
ern rivers without extension or variation. That
is the whole of it; and I propose to do it with-
out reciting again those sections, and without
the modifications raising doubts and confusion
which I think would be raised by the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr,
Kerb.] If I had more time of course I would
say more upon this subject.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, I have given
the subject under discussion a great deal of
consideration within the last year or two : and
from my examination of it I have become
convinced that the better way would be for us
to modify the law of 1851 as an independent
law, and extend its provisions as proposed hete
over all the waters of the United States ; not
confiningthem as they are now confined, to the
navigation of the ocean and the great lakes.
During the preparation of this bill I bad
desired that the committee might prepare such
amendments to the law of 1851 as they deem
proper and have them passed upon in this
House before this bili should be acted upon.
But we have failed in that effort.
One reason why 1 think it better that the
limitation of liability should be embraced
an independent actis'this: if such a provision
be inserted in a law designed especially to
limit the liability of ship owners ( he construc-
tion of the law as a public act by the cmirts
in any given case would be m favoi of those
whom ft was intended to protect; whereas if
the provision should be inserted m a bill
i„g another and a different object-the tecui-
itv of the lives of passengers on steam \ essels,
&c it would appear in such a mea.sui e as a
penal clause, and would, I submit, be con-
strued by the courts most unfavorably as against
the ship-owners.
