1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8839
appoint a Paymaster General of the-Army," having
met, after full ;md free conference, have agreed to
recommend, nnd do recommend to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the Senate concur in the amendment of the
House, and agree to the same, with the following
amendment: Add to the amendment these words:
"said appointment to date from the tim'e the ap-
pointee assumed the duties of the office;" and the
House agree to the same.
W. 0. DONNAN,
JOIIN COBURN,
H. W. SLOCUM,
Managers on the vrt of the House.
iibnry wilson,
ekank p. blair,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. CREBS. Will the gentleman state
what is the effect of this report?
Mr. DONNAN. The action of the House
is confirmed, except that the new Paymaster
General is given the rank of colonel, witli pay
from the date he assumed the duties of his
office, a period of a few months.
Mr. GAKFIELD, of Ohio. Do T under-
stand the gentleman to say that the new Pay-
master General is not promoted to the rank
of brigadier general?
Mr. DONNAN. He is not; he is given the
rank of colonel.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am glad of
tint'-. I want to see the staff department of the
Army reduced to what tliey were before the
war.
The report of the committee of conference
was adopted.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the conference report was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
indian lands in kansas.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask that the amendments
of the Senate to House bill No. 872, to pro-
vide for the sale of certain Indian lands in
Kansas, be taken from the Speaker's table, in
order that I may move that they be non-con-
curred m.
No objection was made, and the amend-
ments were taken Irom the Speaker's table.
Mr. SHANKS. I move that the House non-
concur in the Senate amendments, and ask a
committee of conference thereon.
The motion was agreed to, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House now adjourn.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion, there were—ayes 77, noes 67.
Before the result, was announced,
Mr. CONGER called for tellers.
The SPKAKIiR. There are always enough
gentlemen standing to oider tellers. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Coxgeb and
Mr. Farssworth were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 96, noes 45.
So the motion was agreed to; and accord-
ingly (at three o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
cornmittees *
By Mr. COBURN : The petition of soldiers
and sailors of Garnett, Kansas, asking for a
bill to provide industrial homes for the orphans
of soldiers and sailors of the Union Army.
By Mr, HOAR: The petition of Henry
Reed, guardian of the minor children of
Elislia VV. Brixton, for a pension.
By Mr. PACKARD: The petition of H. II.
"Walker, mayor  1 Michigan City, Indiana, and
113 otlieis, citizens of Laporte county, Indi-
ana, asking the passage of a bill for the relief
of William H. Akins and Jacob D. Felthou-
sen, for the invention and improvement of
sewing-machines.
By. Mr. WALLS: The memorial of the Legis-
lature of Florida, asking the establishment of
a mail route from New Troy, in Lafayette
county, to Deadman's Bay, in Taylor county,
via Cook's Hammock.
Also, the memorial of the Legislature of
Florida, asking the establishment of a mail
route from Fort Meade to Charlotte's Harbor;
also, from Okehumpkee, via Sumterville, to
Brooksville.
Also, a memorial asking the establishment
of a mail route from Key West to Tampa, via
Charlotte's Harbor.
Also, a memorial asking the discontinuance
of the mail route from Quincy to Concord, and
to establish the route from Concord, Gadsden
county, to Harrell, on the Atlantic and Gulf
railroad, via Calvary, in the State of Georgia.
Also, a memorial asking the establishment
of a mail route from Cedar Keys to Sumter-
ville, Florida.
Also, a memorial asking the establishment
of a mail route from Orlando, via Lake Marion
and Fort Drum, to the post offioe of St. Lucie,
in Brevard county, twice a month.
Also,a memorial asking the establishment of
a mail route from New Smyrna, to Hawkins-
ville, via Spring Hill and Lake Beresford.
Also, a memorial in regard to a southern
trans-continental interior line of water com-
munication through the Gulf States between
the Great Western and the Atlantic ocean.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 28, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man-, D. D.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. POOL. I move that the reading of
the Journal be dispensed -with, and that the
Senate take up House bill No. 2192 and pro-
ceed to its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ It_ requires
unanimous consent. Is there objection?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object. I do not
object to dispensing with the reading of the
Journal at this stage of the session.
Mr. SAULSBUKY. I do.
Mr. POOL. I give notice that as soon as
the morning business is over, and I get the
opportunity, I shall move that the Senate take
up the bill by a vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will resume the reading of the Journal.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
Journal.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous con-
sent to dispense with the further reading of
the Journal in order to take up the conference
report on the steamboat bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. TIPTON. Is not the morning business
first in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Michigan has asked unanimous consent
to proceed with the consideration of a confer-
ence report before the morning business is
proceeded with.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to anything
until the morning business is through. I do
not object, to dispensing with the reading of
the Journal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to dispensing with the further read-
ing of the Journal ? The Chair hears no
objection, and it is dispensed with.
order of business.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask the Senate now
to agree to the report of the committee of
conference on the bill (S. No. 473) to further
the administration of justice, which was read
yesterday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we shall get
along much better by running through the
morning business. Then 1 shall have no ob-
jection at all to taking up that report.
Mr. CARPENTER. We can get through
with it in a second.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can get through
the morning business probably in five or ten
minutes.
credentials.
The VICE PRESIDENT1 presented the cre-
dentials of Hon. Orris S. Ferry, chosen by
the Legislature of the State of Connectieut a
Senator from that State for the term com-
mencing March 4, 1873; which were read, and
ordered to be filed.
bills returned to the house.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sub-
mits resolutions from the House of Represent-
atives asking the return to the House of the
following bills : a bill (S. No. 196) for the
relief of the owners of the bark A 1; a bill (8.
No. 905) for the relief of Harriet Spring, the
heir of Captain Williams Barker, deceased;
and also a bill (II. R. No. 2050) for the relief
of J. H. Underhill, in order that the name
of the party may be corrected in the engross-
ment. If there be no objection these bills will
be returned in accordance with the request of
the House.
pinal adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT also laid before
the Senate the following House resolution in
regard to the adjournment of the present
session of Congress:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the tima
fixed by the two Houses of Congress for the final
adjournment of tho second session of the l?orty-Sec-
ond Congress i=i hereby extended to twelve o'clock
meridian on Monday, the 3d day of June next, and
at that time the President of the Senate and tho
Speaker of the House of Representatives shall
adjourn their respective Houses without day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on concurring in the resolution.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object to its consider-
ation at this time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A single objec-
tion does not prevent its consideration. It is
presented u'nderthe twenty-fourth rule, which
requires the Chair to present at this time reso-
lutions and bills from the House of Represent-
atives, and the question is on concurrence.
Mr. CHANDLER. Has that resolution
just come from the House?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It came yester-
day, and is now submitted under the twenty-
fourth rule.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to offer an
amendment to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will have
priority of the question of concurrence.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to strike out all
after the word "concurring," in the first line
of the resolution, and to insert;
That the resolution of the two nouses of Congress
fixing "Wednesday, the 20th of May, at twelve o'clock
m.. as the time for closing the present session of
Congress, be, and the same is hereby, rescinded.
Mr. President, it ia well known to every
member of this body that at an early day of
this session the Senate passed a resolution
fixing the 29th day of this month as the day
of final adjournment. Had the House passed
that resolution promptly, undoubtedly the Sen-
ate would have brought its business up to the
point of adjourning on that day. But the
House did not do so; it held the resolution
for three or four months. _ Finally the honor-
able Senatorfrom Ohio [Mr. sherman] offered
a resolution asking the House to return that
resolution to the Senate. Instead of returning
that resolution, as has always been done in every
instance of such a request—there never has
been an act of discourtesy like that performed
by one House to the other, I believe, since
the foundation of tho Government—instead
of returning the resolution as requested, the
House ignominiously put our resolution asking
them to return it under the table, and took up
the resolution and passed it. It is well known
to every member of this body that it is an utter
impossibility for us to get through with the
