856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
way; the trouble has been with the power
behind and above the Constitution, the peo-
ple. I'warn my friends from Nevada, Ver-
mont, and Rhode Island that they must
renounce the Senate and all its works, if they
wish to be Presidents. Their staying, will not
prejudice them with me—1 shall vote for them
all the same; but there is a hot-house air in
the Senate which breeds candidates for the
Presidency, but makes them past bearing, and
kills them off before they get their growth.
The Senate breeds unhealthy candidates for
the Presidency, but it breeds many lusty suc-
cessful candidates for reelection to the Senate.
Unless we amend the Constitution and prevent
it, the time may come, when scheming candi-
dates will be breeded, candidates who would
use legislation, who would clutch at anything,
and stick at nothing, to reelect themselves.
Let us lay these things to heart, and not forget
ourselves when casting about among the perils
of second terms. The term of Senators is six
years—that of the President, but four. A Sen-
ator renders account to the Legislature of but
a single State, the President answers to the
whole people. The Executive chair holds but
one person—when vacated, no experience re-
mains there to aid the newcomer. The Senate,
on the other hand, has many members, of whom
only one third go out at a time, and thus every
new comer finds two thirds of the body already
versed in its affairs. It it be saidthat Senators
and Representatives have not the appointing
power, and that therein their case is unlike
the President's, I answer that the distinction
is without solid difference. Senators act upon
nominations by the President, and Senators
and Representatives, in respect of their States
or districts, have a direct part in selections for
office.
These considerations find no place in the
resolution now before us. Let us see what
does find a place there. The project is, to pro-
pose to the people to imbed in the fundamental
law, beyond their reach, except by backward
constitutional amendment, a veto and edict
against themselves. The scheme is to narrow
the circle from which the people may choose
their Chief Magistrate. It is proposed to strike
certain names from the list from which the
President maybe taken. Whom is it proposed
to strike off? Is it proposed to disqualify those
who, from incapacity, ignorance, vice, treason,
or alliance with foreign Powers or public ene-
mies, would disgrace the Presidency or endan-
ger the country? Not at all. If it were so
proposed, the measure would be at least harm-
less. It might., to be sure, be deemed a reflection
on popular virtue and intelligence to presume
that the majority would ever pick out for chief
ruler, a man of known gross unfitness. It might
be said too that if the rule of a majority be safe
or tolerable at all, it can be trusted upon such a
question, and it might be added that if one
office needs the shield of the Constitution to
protect it from the errors of the people, other
offices should be sheltered also.
But the measure before us is not leveled
at the unfit, nor at the doubtful, but at those
most tit, and most approved. Its aim and
object is to exclude demonstrated fitness.
It visits only tried capacity.
In the name of civil service reform, we are
asked to advise the nation to tie its hands
against ever availing itself of the sen ices of
that citizen, who, having once been chosen
President, has acquitted himself so well as to
prove the wisdom of his choice, and to con-
vince his countrymen that he is still the best
and safest guardian of the trust.
We are to disable nobody but the one man,
who, from time to. time, may by actual trial be
found most capable and acceptable.
"What would be thought of sueh a suggestion
applied to the common affairs of life?
Yet this is the meaning and effect of the
amendment. It roust be idle and inoperative
as to all Presidents who do not specially com- !
mend themselves to the people. It could be a i
bar only to those who must be crippled by law
to prevent their reaching the Presidency again.
It is a disability to be imposed on the people.
It abridges the nation's right to choose whom
it will for President; it does more, it seeks out
the particular man, the people would choose,
and says they shall not choose him. It seeks
out no man whom the people would not choose;
it could never, even by accident, hit any man
whom the people would not choose: its whole
scope is to compel those to be left, who otherwise
would be taken. For madmen, such shackles
might be fit; they might do for children, but
it seems odd to try to put them on a free
people fit to govern themselves. When people,
or States, hold out their hands and ask Con-
gress to put such manacles on them, the work
will go more bravely on.
We are reminded that a political party, now
no more, declared in favor of electing its candi-
dates but once. This was a resolution in a
party platform, made for a campaign. A rev-
enue or a protective tariff, a national bank, a
sub-Treasury, the annexation of Texas, have
also from time to time appeared on the eddy-
ing currents of party waves. Whoever thought
of petrifying suck things in the Constitution?
Party platforms, and party measures, are fleet-
ing and changing; political parties themselves
dissolve; but the Constitution remains.
We are referred to the ills said to come from
the President being eligible to a second term.
There are ills no doubt. It is the infirmity of
earthy existence, thatingredientsofevil mingle
in everything. That evil can be found in a
method or a process, proves little or nothing.
The practical question is, can it be improved ;
and if not, is there so much good in it that it
should be preserved despite the evil it may
have?
Let us try the present question in this way.
One argument is that the President will exert
himself, and devote his time during his first
term,to be reelected, and therefore it should be
made impossible for him to be reelected. One
criticism upon this argument, is. that it is no
more true, relatively, of the one office at which
it is aimed, than of others, and yet its appli-
cation to other offices is denied. But there is
an answer to the argument. The President
will exert himself to be chosen a second time.
How will he exert himself? Will he exert
himself by neglecting and violating his duty?
Why should he? Does the road to public favor,
lie in the direction of faithlessness in public
trust? He is seen of all men, friends and
foes; his acts and omissions, are under the
lenses of perpetual and hostile scrutiny. What,
then, would seem to be his politic course, lilt-
ing no higher the motives of a Chief Magistrate
emulous to continue in his place?
" Corruption wins not more than honesty."
One would think that ambition to be re-
chosen, and the possibility of gratifying it,
would be a high incentive, prompting lofty and
commanding exertion. The surest way to be
President again, is to be the best President. If
this is so, how can the wish to exalt himself
in public estimation, depress his standard of
action ? How can it fail to be a spur to good
endeavor? The truth of this argument lies
deep in every human heart. Every soldier in
the battle of life feels it. Be he lawyer, doc-
tor, mechanic, or President, every man knows
that doing well for those who employ him, is
the passport to confidence and promotion.
The Christian scheme, human jurisprudence,
and all doctrines of rewards and punishments,
rest upon the truth tbat men are encouraged
in good, and deterred from evil, by making their
fate contingent on their conduct, and on the
approval ot the intelligence by which they are
to be judged.
This one consideration, outweighed in the
old constitutional Convention, all the objec-
tions to a second term. It ought certainly
to suggest a doubt whether the incentive
afforded by the hope of reflection, has more
of evil than of good.
If is said again, thst patronage will be wield-
ed by Presidents to secure their reelection.
There is less force in this now than heretofore,
because of the incoming change in the civil
service; but gome patronage will remain, and
that may be used unfairly. Let us examine this.
Are not the people to be trusted to find out
the dishonest use of patronage, and to rebuke
it? Is it not better to trust that those guilty
of bad practices, will be detected, than to con-
demn in advance with one swoop all Presi-
dents, good and bad alike? Why not trust in
the popular intelligence and honesty, and let
each President be tried on his own merits, in-
stead of deciding all cases alike before trial?
Beside, can you prevent a man's intriguing,
by saying'that there is one thing he cannot
reach? If the Executive cannot exert his
power for himself in one respect, does it fol-
low that he will not exert it for somebody else,
or for himself in some other respect?
Would no one term President, ever wish to
be General of the armies, or Admiral of the
Navy, or Chief Justice, or Senator, afterward'
Ex-Presidents have wanted lesser places; ex
Presidents have been Representatives, and
justices of the peace. What is to prevent
intrigues and schemes, with such an amend
ment? It would invite combinations. No
one could be chosen more than once himself,
but each could wield his influence for the
friend who had aided to bring about his elec
tion, with a promise perhaps of the succession.
Each could connive with the successor who
would reward friends, punish enemies, per-
petuate policies, and make appointments, in
the interest of the outgoing incumbent, and
thus a new web of sordid motives would be
wuven into our system. In many of the States,
sheriffs are by law ineligible to imtr.edi.ite
second terms. Who does not know the con-
certed action, and evasions, to which this leads,
and the ease with which sheriffs exert as much
influence in selecting their successors, as if
they were themselves in the field, applicants
for reelection. Leave Presidents to election-
eer for themselves, and they will be watched;
but set them at work with a hidden hand for
we know not who or what, and how would
the public eye know where to turn, or who to
watch?
I have been assuming, for the sake of the
argument, that patronage is the potent engine
of advantage which some seem to deem it.
But I take i-sue with the whole theory that
political patronage makes men orpartiessirong.
It does not. I have for years been convinced,
and many who hear me must have been con-
vinced, that patronage is a source of weakness,
not of strength.
Some men. by giving their whole minds to
the work, and thinking and dreaming of
patronage'" and plunder, as the be-all and
end-all of politics, may sustain themselves
for a time. By promising everybody, and
laying the disappointments to somebody else,
by wheedling and cajoling, and putting off,
and promising over again, and explaining and
maneuvering and mousing indefutigably, some
men succetd ioi a time. But these are not
the men Presidents are made of; they never
last long, and when their patronage is gone,
they are g< ne too.
It was a good faying of a Frenchman, that
he who appoints a man to office makes thirty-
nine enemies and one ingratp. This is hut
the caricatured experience and observation of
most men.
The power to dispense offices, is a baneful,
when it is not a fatal gift. Who doubts that
official patronage has been a curse to the
present Administration?
With some knowledge of the facts, 1 aver my
belief that nine tenths of the warfare upon the
President, m the ranks of his party, has pro-
ceeded from disaffection over patronage. I
believe that without an office to bestow, from
first to last, he would have been comparatively
free from assault.
