3940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
business of this session even in time to adjourn
on Monday next, and this passing resolutions
that we will adjourn in three days, when we
spent ten hours yesterday in passing eleven
pages of one bill, and skipped all the hard
words at that, and have to go back again and
go over our work of yesterday, and perhaps
spend another day on those ten pages, is simply
an absurdity.
Now, I hope this amendment of mine will be
adopted, and that we shall leave it to the House
either to rescind the adjournment resolution
or insist, as it sees fit. I think we have done
fooling enough about this question of adjourn-
ment. I hope we shall rescind that resolution
and send it over to the House, and let them
do what they please with it. It is well known
to thechairnian of the Committee on Finance
and to every member of this body that it is an
utter impossibility for us to get ready to adjourn
on Monday next. Jt cannot be done. There
is the Ohio bridge bill which we must pass;
here is this steamboat bill, the report of the
committee of conference upon which I desire
to have acted upon now; there is the tariff
bill; there is the omnibus bill; there is the
river and harbor bill; and there are other im-
portant bills that must pass; and yet we talk
about adjourning in a week when we know we
cannot get through with the tariff bill alone in
a week. I hope my amendment, will be adopted
and this resolution rescinded, and that we shall
have no more fooling between the two Houses
about the day of adjournment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think with the
Senator from Michigan that we cannot dis-
pose of all our business within the time fixed.
I think we can. If we will confine ourselves
to fair and legitimate debate, and no further
general debate is indulged in, I shall expect,
as a matter of course, to close the tariff bill
by to-morrow night.
>lr. SUMNER. By to morrow night?
Mr. SHERMAN, I should think so; but
we can do it only by limiting debate; and as
soon as 1 can reach the question, I intend to
press a vote on the resolution reported by the
Committee on Finance to limit debate to five
minutes and exclude foreign matter from the
tariff bill, confining it to the subject of tax
and tariff. If that is adopted, I shall hope to
get through with it to-morrow night. As to
the oilier business, every Senator can judge
as well as 1. We have three appropriation
bills remaining, only one of which there is any
trouble about, the sundry civil bill. The
river and harbor biil, I suppose, will pass just
about as the Senator from Michigan reports
it; it always does. He will not, allow any-
body to amend it without a struggle, and I
suppose we shall let him have his own way.
It will take but a short time to dispose of that..
As to the fortification bill, no amendment is
reported to it, and it can be passed in a few
minutes. The only trouble is in regard to the
sundry civil bill and the tariff bill. It seems
to me we can transact all our business and
adjourn by next, Monday or Tuesday if we are
willing to limit ourselves in debate. If, there-
foie, the Senate will consent to take up that
resolution and we can reach it, I am perfectly
willing to run the risk of passing the resolution
to adjourn on next Monday or Tuesday so far
as I am concerned.
Mr. COLE. I think before we adopt the
resolution to adjouru on Monday next we
ought at least to act on the proposition to limit
debate on the tariff bill, which is now lying on
the table. A disposition has been manifested
for a week or two past to postpone the con-
sideration of the remaining appropriation bills,
and to put them behind alt the other business
of the session. Yesterday such a purpose was
announced by several Senators, that they
woulu not permit any appropiiation bills to
pass until she other business of the session
was disposed of. This, of course, is very dis-
couraging to the Committee or, Appropria-
tions. From the experience we have already
had in the consideration of those bills, we must
come to the conclusion that it will take several
days to consider the remaining difficult bill
from that committee, the one involving the
sundry civil expenses of the Government.
Upon that bill, however, there is a limitation
of debate, and we hope to get through it in
two or three days. I ought, however, to re-
mind the Senate that on two or three of the
other bills from that committee several weeks
each have been spent; and I think before we
act on this resolution to adjourn on Monday
we ought to take some step to limit debate
upon the tariff bill. We saw yesterday a dis-
position to run on in ,debate upon every little
question. We had paper fully discussed twice
before the body; we had the question of skins
discussed, and the question of iron, and two
or three other questions pretty fully discussed ;
but Senators will remember there are hun-
dieds of propositions of equal importance
perhaps in this tariff bill, and unless we can
limit debate upon the bill we certainly can
have uo hope of getting through with that and
the other bills so as to adjourn on Monday.
I hope there will be a disposition to let this
resolution to fix the day of adjournment pass
over until we can pass upon this other ques-
tion as to the extent of debate on the tariff bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am as
anxious as any Senator to adjourn at tbe
eailiest possible moment; but, looking at the
business that is before the Senate I think it
will be utterly impossible to get through with
even the bills which are considered the most
prominent by sitting every day and every night
until near midnight sooner than Wednesday
of next week, and when the proposition comes
up I shall move to insert Wednesday week at
twelve o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is now before the Senate, and the Senator
from Michigan has moved to strike it out and
insert a substitute ; but the Senator from Ver-
mont can move to perfect the resolution.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will move
to amend by inserting Wednesday, June 5, at
twelve o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan has moved a substitute, but the
Senator fiom Vermont has a right to move to
peifect the resolution before the question is
taken on the substitute, and the Senator moves
to amend the time fixed by the House concur-
rent, resolution so as to read "Weduesday,
the 5th of June."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is no
great necessity for our hurrying business at
the peril of' our health or at the peril of the
dignity of the Seriate. To see here every
morning, as oecursin the morning hour, astrug-
gle among Senators like that, of a parcel of wild
beasts who should have the floor first, I regard
as indecent,. Let us conduct our ousiness in the
usual order and have time enough to doit,
even if it takes a month. I therefore move
this amendment, and very much doubt, even
if that should be adopted, whether we shall
not be compelled to sit even on the Sabbath.
Mr. MOR I'ON. If you extend it to the 5t.li,
why not take two or three days longer and say
the 7th?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it
would be wiser to take more than that in ordei
to conduct the business that we have to do in
a proper manner to our own self-respect. I
believe the country will not, regard with any
favor this indecent hurry to get through business
before we half do it-
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me there
is a necessity for acting in some way on this
resolution, because as we now are there is a
resolution agreed to by both Houses to adjourn
to-morrow. That makes it necessary lhat. we
should act on this and rescind lhat resolution.
I should acquiesce quite willingly myself ill the
suggestion made by the Senator from Ver-
mont to "adjourn on Wednesday week. If we
agree to adjourn at twelve o'clock on Wednes-
day week I think we can get through with all
the business that is deemed important by that
time. I certainly have no idea that we can get
through to-morrow, and I think it important
that we should act in some way upon this
resolution.
I wish to say in regard to the other sugges-
tion—the Senator from Ohio, who made it, is
not in his seat at this moment—to limit debate
iu this body to five minutes upon the general
subject of the tariff and to prohibit the offering
of any amendment to that bill which is not
regarded as germane to the subject of the tariff,
that I should be unwilling to agree to that; but I
wanted to say to the Senator from Ohio that I
think it is asking too much to expect the Sen-
ate to agree to that resolution at this time.
So far as I am concerned I have not taken a
moment's time on the tariff. It is not because
I wish to discuss the tariff that I object to it.
I do not suppose that I shall occupy live min-
utes at any one lime upon the tariff. I have
no intention of doing so ; and it is not because
it would curtail anything that I desire to say
about it; but I submit 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I desire to
ask the Senator if he will agree to give unani-
mous consent to it. without passing a resolution?
Mr. TRUMBULL. So far as I am con-
cerned, I will agree not to occupy more than
five minutes i t any one time upon the tariff.
But, sir, I was about to appeal' to Senatois
here around me. I appeal to the Senator
from Vermont, has there been any time
wasted on the tariff thus far? Has not every-
thing that has been said about it been legiti-
mate? If I recollect aright, yesterday there
was no discussion by anybody at length further
than to present in a business way the point
that he desired to make in regard to the item
under consideration, and I submit to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that the disposition of the
Senate upon all sides is not to take up time
upon the tariff, but to confine debate entirely
to the point that is up. I think yesterday no
time was wasted in useless debate. I certainly
did not take any time at. all on any point. 1
hope the Senator from Ohio will not attempt
to force that resolution upon the Senate. If
he does, I shall consider it my duty to resist
it, and I shall with as much ability as 1 am
able resist the adoption of a rule of that char-
acter in the Senate of the United States. I
say to the Senator from Ohio that, as far as I
am concerned, I will not occupy five minutes
at any one time on the tariff bill. So it is not
in reference to myself. .
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator that the resolution reported by the com-
mittee is not only to limit debate, Wut it is a
resolution of two branches, and that without
restraining debate in some reasonable mode
it will be impossible to get through the taiiff
bill without spending weeks upon it. Sen-
ators sometimes speak longer than they in-
tended when they rose, and if at the end of
five minutes they are reminded of that fact,
they find that they have made a better speech
than they would have made if they had con-
tinued longer. It prevents long speeches. So
it operates well when time is precious, and we
are in danger of being exhausted physically.
We cannot, endure this kind of labor more
than sixteen hours a day. I think I can stand
myself as much as any one, but the end of my
power is to remain in session here fifteen or
sixteen hours out of the twenty-four. That is
a double day's work.
Then there is another branch of it. I know
from experience that at the end of this tariff
bill every proposition that every Senator is,
anxious about will be tried to be loaded on ;
and there^ will be trouble, not so much in
dealing with questions that affect the tariff
and the internal taxes, as in dealing with other
propositions that may be offered by way of
amendment. It is now within the power of
any Senator to put in this bill, which is a
pretty good camel, and will carry a pretty
