304
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 1,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Kelley.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
is too good. It has never heretofore been be-
fore the House. It Comes a new proposition
before it now, under the patronage of those
who though sadly divided in counsel claim to
be the majority of the Committee of Ways and
Mr. BURCHARD. The gentleman does
not do justice either to himself or to the
majority of the committee, as he was on the
sub-committee that examined the subject and
reported upon it.
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, will not
gentlemen understand me? I say that the
provision is in both bills, and that if you are
going to maintain and perpetuate the system
of internal taxes, it must stay there. The only
way to get rid of it is to determine that the
whole system shall be put in process of speedy
final extinction. If this is done, we may leave
it out.
Mr. RANDALL. When did the gentleman
find Democrats voting to continue it any more
tban his own political associates?
Mr. KELLEY. I do not assail the Demo-
cratic party.
Mr. RANDALL. Whom do you assail?
Mr. KELLEY. I only say that their rep-
resentatives on the Committee of Ways and
Means aim at perpetuating the system. The
gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
submitted to us yesterday the programme of
the Democratic members of the committee,
which includes the retention of the internal
tax system to the extent of more than one
hundred million dollars per annum.
Mr. RANDALL. We, as a party, are not
responsible for the action of any gentleman of
the committee.
Mr. KELLEY. I am glad to hear my col-
league disavow the action of his Democratic
associates. I have suspected that they did
not represent their party.
Mr. RANDALL. Certainly they do not
represent the Pennsylvania Democracy.
Mr. KELLEY. I know that the Pennsyl-
vania Democracy will assist in getting rid of
the whole system.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Did not the gentleman
help his party in carrying through the original
proposition ?
Mr. KELLEY. Am I getting a little too
hot for the gentleman ? I will wait to hear
from my associates on the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. ELDREDGE rose.
Mr. KELLEY. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman further. Now, sir, my friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] my colleague on the
committee, told us some days since a heart-
rending story relating to the operations of the
law imposing a tax on spirits. He was a mem-
ber of a joint committee of the two Houses,
and while the members of that committee
were at Huntsville, Alabama, performing their
duty in looking into the habits of the people
and the institutions of that locality, they ob-
served two boys, twelve or fourteen years of
age, driving a wagon loaded with apples, which
they were peddling upon the streets. The boys
stopped at a grocery, where, according to the
statement of my friend from Kentucky, they
said their father was about making some vin-
egar, and wanted a barrel to put it in. They
paid, I think he said, fifty cents for an empty
barrel which had had whisky in it, such a
barrel being thought to have peculiar merits
for preserving vinegar. Having made their
purchase, and having put their barrel in the
wagon with their apples, they started off. But
as they passed the hotel a minister of the law
and representative of its majesty observed an
uncanceled whisky stamp upon the barrel.
The law stepped forward in his person and
seized the horse and mule, the boys, the bar-
rel, the wagon, and the apples, and brought
them all before a justice; and while the horse
and mule, the beautiful team that drew the
wagon, were, with the wagon, the apples, and
the barrel, confiscated, the two bovs were
incarcerated in the county jail as monumental
witnesses of the freedom of trade between
American citizens 1
Now, Mr. Chairman, whether that was a con-
spiracy to cheat the Government by filling that
barrel with whisky or an innocent transaction,
we are left to conjecture; but, be that as it
may have been, the fact is illustrative of the
freedom of our internal commerce.
Mr. BECK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania will do me the justice to say that I did
not do it in so tragic a style as he has done it.
[Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir ; the gentleman's
style does not compare with mine; but he
gave the story all the pathetic effect he could.
[Renewed laughter.]
Mr. BURCHARD. Was that the reason he
reported the bill ?
Mr. KELLEY. Like the other hardships
to which I have referred, I say if you are going
to maintain this system, to perpetuate it, to
draw $100,000,000 a year from it, as proposed
by you and tliegentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] and his two Democratic colleagues,
you must maintain these provisions of the
law.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. KELLEY. I would rather decline, as the
gentleman is not a member of the Committee
of Ways and Means; but never mind, go on.
Mr. HALE. Suppose that by the year 1876,
by good management, the annual revenue
needed for all the expenditures of the Govern-
ment can be reduced to $230,000,000, would
the gentleman from Pennsylvania so shape
legislation until the year I have named that
all this revenue shall be raised from customs,
and entirely abolish all taxes upon whisky and
tobacco ?
Mr. KELLEY. I will answer that question
when it comes up in time. I am going on with
another branch of the subject now.
Mr. HALE. It is a plain question, and I
hope the gentleman will answer it now.
Mr. KELLEY. I will, and say, yes, I would;
I thus answer the gentleman from Maine now
and categorically. I do not want my children
and grandchildren to live under a system which
shall involve a corps of detectives, a system of
espionage, and the taking of an oath every week
or every month to the honesty and fidelity of
loosely-kept accounts. I believe that with the
imports of the country expanding and increas-
ing as they are doing, the day is not far distant
when we can defray the expenses of the Gov-
ern merit by customs duties alone, and may give
thanks to God that no direct-tax collector
treads the soil of the United States.
I hear the gentleman ask which employs the
most detective officers to-day, the customs or
the internal revenue. I ask him to say whether
both together are more than either. I ask
whether the expenses would be greater if you
save the nearly $6,000,000 which the collection
of the internal revenue cost last year? I ask
whether the civil service would not be some-
what reformed if the nearly five thousand peo-
ple employed in the internal revenue service
were relieved from Government service and
permitted to devote their energies to the pro-
ductive pursuits of the country? When gen-
tlemen will convince me that twice five is less
than five, I may see something in the question
whether the internal revenue or customs ser-
vice is the more economical. My proposition
is that one does not cost as much as both.
Leaving that branch of the subject, at least
for the present, let me remark that the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Finkelnbwrg] said
in the course of his remarks:
" X have paid some attention of late to the pro-
portion of tbe cost of laber to the whole cost of
manufactured products, and I have found some-
what to my own surprise that it rarely exceeds
twenty-five per cent. For instance, labor represents
only fifteen to twenty per cent, in pig iron, only
fifteen per cont. in woolen goods, twenty-five per
cent, in cotton goods, eighteen per ccnt. in paper,
and in some articles, as for instance in soap, it
sinks down to only six per cent."
Mr. Chairman, I have quoted this paragraph
that the workers in iron and steel who may
read my remarks may see on what theory of
cost of labor it is proposed to reduce protec-
tion. The labor in a ton of pig iron in Penn-
sylvania ranges from eighty to ninety per cent,
of the whole cost. Where it ranges from fifteen
to twenty five per cent,, if there be such a spot
in the world, the laborer must be starved and
owners of ore and coal banks and limestone
quarries need bnt a few hundred acres to give
them the income of a dukedom.
Mr. FINKELNBURGr. Your own manu-
facturers say so. I have their figures here.
Mr. KELLEY. Let them speak in their
hour. When we reduced the duty on pig iron
from nine dollars to seven dollars per ton, and
there was a vote in the Committee of the Whole
to reduce it from seven dollars to five dollars,
the argument was, we will cheapen iron and
largely increase the revenue. Sir, what was
the effect produced ? The production of iron
throughout our country fell off at once. It
had been increasing so rapidly tl>at within less
than ten years it had gone up from eight hun-
dred thousand to two million tons. Now,
however, it dropped to a little more than eight-
een hundred thousand tons. No furnaces
were built, and those thatwereinblastin some
parts of the country were blown out.
The proof that the production fell off is
abundant and indisputable. Iron, which you
could buy then at from thirty to thirty-five dol-
lars per ton, is bringing in the market to day
from forty-seven to fifty-three dollars. More
than twenty dollars a ton additional are our
people paying on the increased consumption of
pig iron. The importations during the six
months ending December 1, 1870, was 68,606
tons, at nine dollars per ton. During the six
months ending June 30, 1871, it was 119,402, at
seven dollars a ton. You reduced the doty, and
thereby increased the importation and the
price at the same time, and yet made a merely
nominal increase of revenue ; so that the in-
crease of imports was thirty-two and four fifths
per cent., while the increase of revenue was
but three per cent.
You increase importations and you cheek
the market for western grain for both men
and animals employed in and about furnaces
and forges; you diminish the market for your
own products within the country ; you put up
the price of iron; not by this cause alone to
the extent of the whole increase that is made,
but you thus add largely to the price, and in
compensation for part of this increased co'st
you add three per cent, to the revenue derived
from pig iron. And if you strike another
blow at the duty on pig iron, the effect will show
itself in the samedirection. You will pay more
for iron ; you will abridge the market for your
breadstuffs and your mules and oxen, and you
will make butanunappreciable increase to the
revenues of the country.
Mr. BURCHARD. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a moment?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. BURCHARD. Mr. Chairman, the
secretary of the Bar-Iron Association 
Mr. KELLEY. I did not yield to the gen-
tleman to read a speech or essay.
Mr. BURCHARD. I will then call the
attention of the gentleman to what the secre-
tary of the Bar-Iron Association states is the
reason why 
Mr. KELLEY. I am not here to be inter-
rogated by any bar-iron association. If the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Burchard] has
