1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
214ft
far as I know; first, to all navigation ; sec-
ondly, and there I agree with the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Perry,] it
extends the law of 1851, which only dealt with
property, to life and limb. In that respect
section forty-three of the committee is cor-
rected by the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Perry.]
Now, I cannot consent, for one, that there
shall be this limit of liability on the owners
in case of injury to life or limb. My friend
from Ohio says, very properly, that by the
common maritime law there is no liability
for loss of life. Itis a maxim of the common
law, "from death no cause of action arises."
But by the law of nearly all the States there
is a statute liability upon common carriers
by land and water for the loss of life; and
this forty-third section would have taken away
tiiat statute of liability by the overiiding
power of Congress in matters of commerce.
Therefore, I cannot consent for one to the
amendment of thegentleman from New York
[Mr. Towxsend] to section forty-three. But
I am quite content with the amendment of
the gentleman liom Ohio, [Mr. Perry.] If I
understand the sections of the gentleman
fiom Indiana [Mr. Kerr] they undertake to
pat in form of words, as he understands them,
the provisions of the act of 1851, and to reen-
act them as he thinks they ought to be. I
doubt whether we are in a condition to do that.
Mr. KERR. I substantially repeat the words
of the act of 1851 iu my sections one, two,
four, five, and six, but section three I quite
materially change, so as, in my judgment, to
bring it within the exact letter of the constitu-
tional power of Congress to regulate the interior
commerce of the country. 1'hat is all I do.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
do not see that there is much objection to the
gentleman's amendment.
Mr. KERR. 1 want to add further that I
omit entirely section four of the act of 1851.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 should
quite agree with the gentleman in that, so that
between us there is not much difference. The
only question is as to the manner of effecting
the same result, but the position on which 1
want to plant myself is to prevent extending
any of these provisions to cases of injur}' to
life and limb. I do not want to come in here
and reenact any Westfield disaster. I have
been told thnt the owners of the Westfield
were not, liable because many of the orphans
and widows owned stock in the company, but
not half as many as the orphans and widows
of the men who perished in that most terrible
disaster. Let us hold everybody liable for
injury to life and limb.
Mr. NEGLEY. I think this subject is fully
understood, and I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. POTTER. I hope the gentleman will
yield to me for a few moments.
Mr. NEGLEY. Very well, sir.
Mr. POTTER. 1 agree with the gentlemen
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] from Ohio.
[Mr. Perry,] and from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,]
in thinking that so much of the amendment
offered by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Towxsend] as relates to injuries to per-
sons ought not to be adopted ; and I take it
that will be the general sentiment of the
House. If that should be so, the question
will then recur upon the amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Ohio, which is to limit
the liability of inland carriers by steamboats
in respect of goods only, but, not in respect
of injuries to persons. As I understood the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, it
proposes to limit the liability of these inland
carriers by water in respect of goods to the
exact extent, to which sea-going carriers are
now limited by the act of 1851, and the hon-
orable gentleman does this by extending the
act of 1851. by referring to it by its title and
date to the provisions of this law.
On the other hand, the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Kerr] is willing to extend a portion
of the relief afforded to sea-going carriers by
the act of 1851 to the inland carriers, but not
the entire relief. That is the difference be-
tween these three propositions. Now, as be-
tween these several propositions I agree "with
that of the gentleman from Indiana." It is a
very_ serious thing to change the whole common
law in respect of common carriers, the result
of ages of experience, upon a short debate in
one single afternoon. Without further exam-
ination and consideration I am not at all
prepared to go further than the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana. It is true, as he
has said here, that by a late decision of the
Supreme Court it lias been held to be the effect
of the fourth section of the law of 1851 that
if a vessel is totally lost at sea by collision
without actual fault of the owners they are in
effect absolutely discharged from their liability
in respect of any damage that may have re-
sulted to property on board the ship because
of the loss of the vessel or the cargo. The
limit of the carrier's liability being in case
of collision and other cases embraced in that
section of the law of 1851, the value of the ship
and freight; when these are lost, further
liability ceases, and the owner can go forever
scot free. Let me read a sentence from that
decision to show that such is the effect of that
law.
" This liability of the ship-owners
Say the court—■
may be discharged by their surrendering and as-
signing to a tiustee for tho benefit of the party
injured in pursuance of the iourtli section of the act,
tho vessel and trcifjtit, although those may have been
diminished m value by t lie collision or other casualty
duung the voyage; and it .^eems that if they aie
totally lost, the owners will be entirely discharged."
Now, sir, it seems to me that this was an
extreme measure of relief to apply even to
the sea-going carriers of the country, and I
am not now prepared to go to that extent in
respect of relieving the inland carriers by
water. I can well understand that the steam-
boat interest naturally want to be relieved
from all the liabilities growing out of their
business ; but we are here not to protect that
interest only, but laiher to protect those who
travel and send goods by these carriers. While,
therefore, 1 am willing to go now to a consid-
erable extent in the direction of relieving the
inland carriers by water from liabilities from
which sea-going carriers are relieved, I am not
now willing to go further in this direction than
the gentleman from Indiana proposes, and not
so far as the gentleman from Ohio has pro-
posed; stiil less to extending to the carriers such
relief from liability for injuries to life and
limb as my colleague [Mr. ToWxsknd] pro-
poses.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Will the gentleman
permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. POTTER. Certainly.
Mr. PElillY, of Ohio. Why should not the
same enactment, extend to western commerce
and inland commerce as to external commerce?
Mr. POTTEIl. That inquiry opens up the
whole subject of the difference between the two
sorts of navigation. I supposed the theory of
the law of 1851, which was confined to carriers
on the high seas, was that carriers on the seas
from the very nature of things are exposed to
more casualties and unavoidable losses than
inland carriers are.
Mr. 1I0LMAN. So far as the proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Perry] is
concerned, I understand it to be a proposition
to leave the original forty-third section of this
bill substantially as presented by the Commit-
tee on Commerce. 1 may say here to the
House, with the concurrence, I think, of all
the member? of that committee, that that sec-
tion, leaving out the words proposed by the
gentleman from Ohio to be omitted, would
stand as intended by the committee.
Therefore, in the very outset I would say,
and in that respect I think I express the sen-
timents of all the members of the Committee
on Commerce, that after a very careful con-
sideration of that section, it was not intended
to extend tho provisions of the act of 1851 so
as to diminish the liability for loss of life or
limb resulting from acts for which a common
carrier ought to be held liable. I think there
will be no diversity of opinion as to the pro-
priety of striking out, the words which the
gentleman from Ohio proposes to have stricken
out.
I think the real point of the controversy
hinges altogether upon the fourth section of
the act of 1851. With that fourth section
stricken out, I must say that in my opinion
neither ship-owners or steamboat-owners, nor
those who travel on steamboats, so far as our
inland waters are concerned, would have the
least ground of complaint. And 1 wish to call
the attention of the House to the fact that on
this question the vessel-owners alone have
been heard. The traveling public, of course,
have not been represented in this matter, by
committees or otherwise, before the Commit-
tee on Commerce, or in any form before this
House. The general public have not been
heard. In their behalf I desire to submit the
proposition to amend the amendment of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Towksend,]
that is, the original forty-third section of this
bill, by inserting a clause excepting the fourth
section of the act of 1851. Let that forty-
third section be adopted, with the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Perry] and with a provision excepting the
fourth section of tho act of 1851.
Mr. F1NEELNBURG. What is the fourth
section of the act of 1S51 ?
Mr. .HOLMAN. The only effect of that
section, if reenaeted in this bill, would be to
release absolutely steamboat-owners from lia-
bility in the event of their signing over their
interest in a vessel; if a vessel is lost, under
that section all liability on the part of the
owners will be gone. I do not believe that it
is in the interest of the steamboat-owuers of
the West that that fourth section should be
retained. It would so entirely do away with
all liability of the owners of vessels lor loss
of life and property that the traveling public
would be induced to abandon those lines of
travel which tinder ordinary circumstances
are the most pleasant, and to take railroad
transportation. And I know that so far as the
public are concerned Congress ought at least
to secure to them those guarantees of security
which would exist iu the absence of this
fourth section of the act of 1851. I therefore
ask unanimous consent to move and have
pending an amendment to the section moved
by the gentleman from New .York, [Mr.
Toivnkend,] the words "except the fourth
section of said act " to be inserted after the
words "an act to limit the liability of ship-
owners, and for other purposes, approved
March 3, 1851."
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Can that amend-
ment be offered in the present condition of
this bill?
The SPEAKER. It cannot, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Perry] willai leastallow the amend-
ment to be pending, so that we may have an
opportunity lo votu upon it.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. 1 would not object
to (hat if 1 can have an opportunity to he heard
upon it. But, 1 do not want the amendment
voted upon when only the gentleman from
Indiana f Mr. Hoi.maxJ has spoken upon it.
Mr. S'LEYENSON. Would not the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
j! TowxsexdJ be still open to amendment after
the amendment of my colleague [Mr. Perry]
has been voted upon?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Negi.ey] desires to call tiie previous questiou
upon the bd! and pending araeiiaiuenrs.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 suggest to the gen-
