1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
305
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Kelley.
Ho. of Reps.
any proper question to put to me I will answer
it. I have the figures upon which I am com-
menting from the Treasury Department. I
have not compiled them. I have not calculated
the percentages. And let the secretary of the
Bar-Iron Association and my friend from Illi-
nois go to the Treasury and correct the official
figures if they are wrong.
I have said that the increase of price was
not all ascribable to the reduction of two dol-
lars from the duty. I admit that other causes
enter into it largely; but I claim that it too had
its effect. Will not gentlemen understand
me?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's hour
has expired.
Mr. WAKEMAN took the floor, and yielded
half an hour of his time to Mr. Kelley.
Mr. KELLEY. I thank the gentleman for
his courtesy.
Mr. Chairman, with this extension of my
time I recur to the matter of internal taxes.
When being dined at Delmouico's, Mr. David
A. Wells, late Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, who now seems to be devoting his ser-
vices to the interests of the Cobden Club of
England—and, in parenthesis, I may remark
here that what the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Burchard] says is conceded on all
hands, that the system of internal taxes must
be perpetuated, never was broached until the
Cobden Club and the Anglo-American Free-
Trade League of New York formed their con-
spiracy to retard and restrict the develop-
ment of the resources of our country, and
commenced their onslaught on our industries
and the wages of the American laborer—but
I was about to remark that the agent of that
conspiracy, when being dined at Delmonico's,
without intending dramatic effect at all, lifted
his silk hat, and stated, as if the thought had
just occurred to him, how much the duties
on the component parts of that useful article
of apparel had added to its cost.
Sir, without knowing whether his statement
was true or false, for I find 110 warrant for
believing it in the fact that he made it, I
remark this, that he forgot to tell his auditors
that the spirit tax alone had added more to the
cost of his hat than he claimed that the tariff
had done; and what the effect of other internal
taxes had been on its cost I do not know, and
110 gentleman on this floor can tell.
But, to allude more specifically to this sub-
ject—the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Burch-
ard] said that it only affected luxuries. Sir, is
the amputation of a limb a luxury? I have not
so regarded it, yet the spirit tax stands bodily
beside the patient, whether it be for the ampu-
tation of a limb or that other alleged luxury,
the removal of an internal tumor. The spirit
tax stands beside either patient, when chloro-
form is administered, to mitigate the pain of
a surgical operation. It enters into almost
the whole of your pharmacopeia. I had the
curiosity to send notes to two of the leading
chemical houses of the country, asking them
to tell me the proportion of the cost of the
remedy for those luxuries, the chills, namely,
quinine and other medical agents, that was
added by the spirit tax, and I have here
and shall have printed with my remarks a
list furnished by those two houses showing
that to the cost of many of the chemicals or
drugs in common use, it adds fifty per cent., and
trebles the cost of many articles of domestic
medicines.
The contents of every old woman's camphor
or lavender botile costs her^ three times what
it would if it were not for this spirit tax. The
arnica bottle which the good mother keeps to
dress the wounds of her children is trebled in
cost hy the spirit tax. Alcohol alsoenters into
vast number of the useful arts. The tax adds
CQNO, NO, 20.
to the cost hundreds of articles, increasing it
so much that we cannot export many which
but for it we would export largely. It thus
restricts our foreign tradein chemicals, perfum-
ery, and many other articles. It not only adds
to the price of alcohol, butall the alcoholic pro-
ductions, and many of the productions of the
useful and fine arts into which it enters largely.
But, sir, I must hasten on. The statements
received in reply to my questions, to which I
have referred, are as follows :
M Methylated spirits.—In Great Britain alcohol is
subjected to a heavy duty, which, until lately, pre-
vented it being used in many manufactures, because
the products of its use can be more cheaply ob-
tained from abroad. The British Parliament wish-
ing to encourage the use of alcohol in the arts,
passed an act in 1855, allowing it to be used duty
free, provided it be mixed with at least one nintii
of its bulk of pyroxylic spirit, which renders it unfit
for drinking, but does not spoil itfor use in the arts.
This mixture is called methylated spirit, and is now
employed extensively in Great Britain by hatters,
brass-founders, and cabinet-makers for dissolving
shellac and other resinous substances, and by man-
ufacturing chemists for making ether, chloroform,
sweet, spirits of niter, &c."—United States Dispensa-
tory, page 1643, thirteenth edition.
Thus it will bo seen that British manufacturers
get their alcohol free. Here the tax is about sixty-
live ccnts per gallon on spirits, equal to $1 30 per
gallon on alcohol. Without tax the alcohol now
sold at $1 68 per gallon would be worth only thirty-
five cents, thus:
Present price of alcohol SI 68
Deduct three cents per gallon for the barrel.. 3
With tax  1 65
Tax  1 30
Without tax   $0 35
In some parts of Europe an account is taken at the
factories of the amount of alcohol consumed and a
drawback allowed.
If, as has been suggested, one aggregated tax of
seventy cents will be collected, there will be a
farther disadvantage equal to ten cents per gallon
against the American manufacturer.
Chloroform is made largely in the United States,
New York, St. Louis, and Philadelphia being seats
of manufacture. Used internally as a sedative nar-
cotic, externally in cancer, ulcers, &c., and by inha-
lation in surgical operations, and its importance is
well known.
The difference in the cost of chloroform made with
taxed and that made with untaxed alcohol is
twenty-six cents per pound.
At present the high price of chloride of lime
(now worth twenty to twenty-one shillings, against
eleven shillings this time last year) contributes
largely to the cost of making chloroform. But at
times when chloride of lime was low, and the tax
on spirits higher than at present, the alcohol was
the principal item, so much so as to class it as an
entirely alcoholic preparation with reference to cost
ofmanufacture.
i4In Great Britain chloroform is now obtained by
the use of methylated spirit, and the preparation,
when properly purified, is stated to answer every
purpose to which itis applied equally well with that
obtained by the use of alcohol."— United States Dis-
pensatory, thirteenth edition,page 097.
Ether. sulphuric. — A valuable anaesthetic agent,
largely produced in this country. The dilference in
price as made with taxed and with untaxed spirit is
thirty-two and a half cents per pound. Sells for fifty -
two cents per pound.
Spirit nitrous ether (familiarly known as sweet
spirits of niter) is much esteemed as a medicine,
and extensively employed in febrile affections. It
is made largely in this country. The dilference in
cost to produce in using taxed and untaxed spirit,
is nineteen cents per pound. The article sells at
thirty and thirty-one cents per pound.
Ether, chloric, acetic, butvruceous, butyric, and Hoff-
man's anodyne, are entirely alcoholic preparations.
Tincture of muriate of Iron.—Three fourths alcohol,
and is one of the most active and certain prepara-
tions of iron. The difference in cost to manufacture
by using taxed and untaxed spirit is twelve cents
per pound. Sells for twenty-seven and twenty-
eight cents per pound.
Tannin (tannic acid) is used in medicine and the
arts. Made in New York, St. Louis, and Philadel-
phia. Difference in cost to manufacture from taxed
and from untaxed alcohol is thirty-four cents per
pound. Actual cost at present of the alcohol in each
pound of tannin, fifty cents.
In the following articles the difierences in cost,
whether using taxed or untaxed spirit, are as an-
nexed;
Piverine. nine and a half cents per ounce.
Strychnia, salts of, twelve cents per ounce. Actual
cost per ounce for alcohol, fifteen cents.
Morphia, salts of, eight cents per ounce. The
actual cost of the alcohol used in morphia is ten
cents per ounce of moxphia produced.
Quinia, salts of, nine and a half cents per ounce.
Each ounce of a salt of quinia costs twelve cents
for the alcohol alone.
Spirits ammonia—Three fourths alcohol, and the
difference to make from taxed over the cost to pro-
duce from untaxed alcohol is fourteen cents per
pound.
Spirits lavender, myristica,pimenta, rosemary, each
four fifths alcohol. Seventeen cents per pound rep-
resents the difference in cost from taxed and un-
taxed alcohol. These sell for about thirty cents per
pound.
Collodion is an alcoholic preparation. The differ-
ence of that from taxed and that from untaxed spirit
is twenty-seven cents per pound.
Alcohol is also used in making santonine, iodo-
form, sulphate of atropia, atropia aconitia, sul-
phate of beberine, and sulphate of cinchonia; also
alcoholic extracts, tinctures, (pharmaceutical,) &c.
We have in some instances shown the actual cost
of the alcohol (at present rates) used in each pound
or ounce of an article, as well as the difference per
pound or per ounce to produce from taxed and from
untaxed spirit. We trust we have been sufficiently
clear.
From the reply of the other firm I submit
the following extract:
" To assist in your collection of data, we inclqpe a
table showing how the taxes on spirits affect the
pharmaceutical interests. To avoid burdensome
detail, we name but a few of the prominent items,
which are a fair criterion for the whole line.
"You will notice by this list that the tax we pay on
the alcohol consumed in these products is twenty
per cent, of the price for which we sell them. Alco-
hol enters more or less into the composition of nearly
all of our goods, and imposes upon all in the phar-
maceutical business, from the manufacturer to the
retail apothecary, a load which is truly oppressive.
Items.
Selling price per
pint.
Tax paid on the
alcohol consumed,
calculating the
i rate of tax at $1 30
; per gallon.
Fluid extract of—
Cents.
Cents.
75
16
83
16
55
11
;,7
8
73 .
16
Hyoscyamus 
75
16
Nux vomica 
82
16
58
8
82
16
Taraxacum 
57
8
Podophyllum 
63
16
85
16
"Making the average tax on the alcohol in the
above twenty percent."
In this connection, Mr. Chairman, I may
appropriately submit a letter kindly handed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, to whom
it was addressed, [Mr. Banks:]
Office Bostox Journal of Chemistry,
150 Congress street, Boston, April 17,1872.
My Dear Sir: May I be permitted to call your
attention to one or two points connected with the
proposed alterations in the revenue laws?
I notice the Ways and Means Committee propose
to retain stamps upon packages of medicinal com-
pounds, cosmetics, &c., a feature of the revenue
laws which I regard as particularly unjust, danger-
ous, and annoying, to a large class in the community.
The law now eompels every druggist and manufac-
turer to stick one of ihe little stamps upon every
vial of cologne, packet of puis, bottle of medicinc,
&c., and asthese stamps arc very imperfectly glutun-
ized, they often come off accidentally, and the dealer
is thereby subjected to unjust prosecution.
The law is so ambiguous it is difficult to knowjusfc
what should be stamped and what not. It is inter-
preted differently by each successive commissioner,
and each assessor and supervisor put their own con-
structions upon the meaning of the act, and thus
there is no uniformity in its execution.
As manufacturing chemists, we are'greatly an-
noyed and perplexed. We do not manufacture a
single proprietary article, bufc onb"legitimatechem-
ical and pharmaceutical products; and yet assessors
in the West and elsewhere decide that our products
must be stamped. We have conflicting decisions
from each one of the commissioners, from Boutwell
down, and we do not know what to do. Ail the drug-
gists and chemists in the country are unanimous in
their denunciations of these stamp duties, and inas-
much as the poor man buys the proprietary articles
of the medicine-maker, be is compelled to pay the
tax. With the laboring classes the tax is unpopular;
it is unpopular with every pne yrho understands
