1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8941
good load, anything he pleases. I will not
invite such motions, but I know they will be
made. Senators have told me that they would
put their propositions on the tariff bill. They
can get a chance at least to offer amendments
and imike speeches. That is what I desire to
cut off by the second branch of the resolution.
It is a simple proposition in regard to the
order of business, and my duty in response to
the unanimous request of the Committee on
Finance will compel me to make a motion as
soon as I have the floor on the tariff bill to
act on it.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill.]
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to hear the reso-
lution read with the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the concurrent resolution of the
House of Representatives and the amend-
ment.
The Chief Clerk. The resolution of the
House is as follows:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the time
fixed by the two Houses of Congress for the final
adjournment of the second session of the Forty-Sec-
ond Congress is hereby extended to tweEve o'clock,
meridian, on Monday, the 3d day of June next, and
at that time the President of the Senate and tbe
Speaker of the House of Representatives shall
adjourn their respective Houses without day.
It. is proposed to amend that by striking out
all after the word 11 concurring," in the first
line, and inserting:
That the resolution of the two Houses of Con-
gress, fixing Wednesday, the29ih of'May, at twelve
o'clock meridian, for the time of closing the present
session of Congress, be, and the same is hereby, re-
scinded.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment which now has priority is that offered
by the Senator from Vermont, to strike out
" Monday, the 3d day of June next," and
insert "Wednesday, the 5th day of June."
Mr. CASSERLY. I regret very much the
necessity which seems to have arisen for an
extension of the adjournment beyond to-
morrow. I think if we had all worked up as
faithfully to that day as we should have done
we need not have extended the adjournment.
As matters stand, and have stood for prob-
ably a week, I have had no doubt, that an
extension of the time was inevitable. Now,
the only question is bow much further we
shall extend it. The House resolution fixes
the adjournment for next Monday; the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont fixes it
next Wednesday. So far as I am personally
concerned, I should have been better satisfied
if the Senator from Vermont had not coupled
his amendment with an intimation that it
might be necessary to extend the session still
longer.
That Senator remarked upon the loss of
digniiytothe Senate by scenes such as were
witnessed here yesterday. I beg leave to ob-
serve, while I concur with him in his expres-
sion of regret, that during my short time in
the Senate I think I have witnessed precisely
such scenes at every session for a few days
before the day of adjournment. They are
wholly unavoidable in such a pressure of busi-
ness as we have in this body. The growth of
legislation, of actual legislation, is immense,
and the growth of proposed legislation is
enormous. Our files of bills grow to a little
mountain before the end of the session. I
was glad to hear the Senator from Ohio ex-
press his conviction that by shortening debate
on the tariff bill and upon the appropriation
bills we can adjourn upon Monday. He sug-
gested a rule of the Senate for limiting debate
to five minutes on the tariff bill. * I agree with
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] in
his objections to a rule. I think there will be
r.o objection, so far as I know, on this side to
giving unanimous consent to a limitation of
debate on the tariff, provided we could see
that it was going to accomplish the desired
result of an early adjournment. But if there
is to be an indefinite prolongation of the ses-
sion. there is no good to be accomplished by a
limitation of debate.
I repeat that I think, sir, there will be no
objection to a limitation of debate by unani-
mous consent on the tariff bill, provided we
can see an early day fixed for adjournment. I
do not quite agree with my colleague that the
limitation of debate should first be made, and
afterward the day of adjournment fixed. That
would be I suggest to him, putting the cart
before the horse. Let an early day be fixed,
and I think so far as the minority in this Cham-
ber is concerned—I do not presume to speak
for thein at all, except from my general idea
of what their wish would be—there will be no
objection to a limitation of debate upon the
tariff bill by unanimous consent. Of course
we would greatly prefer it in that way, for that
preserves the right of debate to the minority ;
but a rule is an order ; it is a law; it is the
work of the majority, without reference to the
dissent of the minority, and hence is naturally
regarded bv us with distrust.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will then simply ask
the Senator and his friends whether they will
agree by unanimous consent to the arrange-
ment I have proposed?
Mr. THURMAN. With one modification,
that there shall be no amendment not germane
to the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the very point.
The order I proposed was that debate on
the tariff bill be confined to five minutes, and
that no amendment should be received to the
tariff and tax bill which was not germane.
Mr. THURMAN. That is all right.
Mr. CASSERLY. Personally I see no
objection to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is all'we want. I
do not care whether it is put upon the Journal
or is a unanimous understanding that every
Senator shall be bound in honor by.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator desire that to be stated by the Chair now,
or not ?
Mr. CASSERLY. 1 wish it understood so
far as 1 am concerned that that agreement is
to be made whenever the day of adjournment
is fixed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not till then ?
Mr. CASSERLY. We think the day of
adjournment should be fixed first.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing
that the agreement shall depend on the fact
ot' some day being fixed. It may be Wednes-
day.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understood the Senator
from Ohio to say that he had no doubt of our
ability by limiting debate within reasonable
limits to adjourn on Monday.
Mr SHERMAN. I have one vote, and I
intend to vote for an adjournment on Monday.
Mr. POOL. I perhaps ought to say just at
this moment that if a positive day of adjourn-
ment is fixed, I shall object, if no one else
does, to any arrangement about the tai iff bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to sug-
gest to the Senator from Ohio that it is ob-
vious if Monday is fixed upon we are to sit here
all day on Sunday. Therefore, I most emphat-
iqpJly object to that day. Besides, I appeal to
any Senator who is conversant with the busi-
ness before the Senate to say whether it is
physically possible for the Senate to get through
all the business before Wednesday noon? And
then there will be numerous bills that will be
lost to the regret of many Senators. Unques-
tionably that fact is so.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to take up
any time in this matter, but simply to say that
I entirely concur with what was said by the
Senator from California on my left, [Mr. cas-
serly.] If we are to agree to limit debate
on the tariff bill as is suggested by the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance and as-
sented to by the Senator from California, it is
perfectly right that we should know when we
are to adjourn, because debate ought not to be
limited, even by unanimous consent, on so
important a measure unless the session is draw-
ing very rapidly to a close. If the session i,i
to be prolonged here throughout June and into
July, then I for one should be opposed to any
limitation of debate whatsoever. But if we aie
to adjourn on next Monday or next Wednes-
day, or any time like that, then 1 would agree
most willingly to an understanding that wo
should speak but five minutes on any amend-
ment to the tariff bill, it being distinctly un-
derstood as pari of the agreement that no
amendment not germane to that bill is to be
offered to it.
I have the same objection that other Sen-
ators have to making an order by which (ho
majority close the mouths of the minotity ;
but having fixed the day of adjournment for
next Monday, or, if the majority of the Sen-
ate insist upon it, to morrow week, one or the
other, then I am perfectly content to be one
to an agreement by unanimous consent to
speak but live minutes on amendments to the
tariff bill, no amendments to be offered that
are not germane to the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment, of the Senator from
Vermont to the concurrent resolution of the
House of Representatives changing the time
from Monday, the 3d of June, to Wednesday,
the 5th of June, at noon.
Mr. POOL. The order now is that we shall
adjourn at twelve o'clock to-morrow ; and
unless there is some rescinding of that order
we shall adjourn at that time, i think we had
better adjourn to-moirow at, twelve o'clock if
that is the only way by which we can get a
session without limit. I am opposed to fixing
any day for adjournment at. tins time. I hear
Senators here speak of this bill and that and
the other that ought, to be acted on; bin no
mention is made of bills which my constituents
are especially interested in, and I understand
that if a day of adjournment is now fixed, bills
that certain Senators want to pa-^s are to be
passed, while those bills which those gentle-
men who represent constituencies similar to
mine want are to be laid aside entirely and
not passed. That is certainly to be the result
if we fix any day of adjournment, at this time.
The passage of the resolution by the Senate
early in this session fixing the time of adjourn-
ment on the 20th of May has placed us in the
situation we now are. The other House, by an
act of discourtesy, (as has been said by the
Senator from Illinois, I think, or some Sen-
ator, perhaps the Senator from Vermont,) has
made that, a positive order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest that it was not stated so strongly by
the-Senator who before made the allusion.
The Chair thinks the rather emphatic language
of the Senator from North Carolina would be
scarcely wiihin the rule.
Mr. POOL. Very well; I withdraw any
remark to which the House might take excep-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did the Senator allude
to me as having said it was an act of discourt-
esy on the part of the House of Represent-
atives ?
Mr. POOL. No; I remember now it was
the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler]
sitting behind the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ah 1
Mr. POOL. However, sir, the order is that
we adjourn at twelve o'clock to-morrow. I
suppose if we adjourn at twelve o'clock to-
morrow it may be neces.-aiy that w<j should
be called together ag.tin. I prefer to see that
issue of the whole matter. By the action of
the Senate, which I thought unwise, concurred
in by the other branch of Congress, whether
wise or unwise, that day has been fixed, and
now let it take effect, and let the country see
us adjourn to-morrow.
But, sir, I should be willing to vote for the
amendment of the Senator from Michigan,
