3046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
only a tax to the amount of the duty, but a
tax to the amount of the duty multiplied into
the aggregate production of different articles
of American industry similar to those im-
ported. Our national experience, however,
proves the contrary. Gentlemen who have
spoken on the other side to-day have alleged
that it is a tax of $5,000,000,000. If they
believed that it was such a burden as that,
then they are doing a wrong to themselves
and to their constituents to vote for any tariff,
even a tariff for revenue. They should demand
that the taxes should be collected directly
from the people; and it seems to me that that
is the purpose of a large portion of the Dem-
ocratic party. The Democratic party of this
nation have announced themselves as in favor
of direct taxation. They put in their national
platform of 1868 that they were in favor of
"equal taxation on every description of prop-
erty according to its real value, including Gov-
ernment bonds and other public securities."
In other words, they are for taxing as well
the horse of the poor man as Bonner's fifty -
thousand dollar Dexter. They are in favor
of taxing the cart of the laborer who works
upon the roads as -well as the coach in which
rolls the millionaire. They are in favor of
taxing t.lie Dutchman's lager-beer and the
rich man's brandy. They are in favor of tax-
ing the poor man's pine table, on which he
eats his daily meal, as well as the rich man's
mahogany. They are in favor of taxing alike
the one-dollar shawl of the poor Irishwoman
and the thousand-dollar shawl of the'bauker's
wife. They are in favor of taxing alike the rich
smulcing-cap with its gilded tassel of the volup-
tuary and the cotton night cap of the poor
woman's baby as it lies in its humble cradlc.
In fact they are in favor of taxing every
thirigthat bears the name of property whether
real or personal. They want the tax-gatherer
to go everywheie. They want his Argus eyes
to see everything, however small and remote,
and his liriarean arms to gather within hisgrasp
every object that may be within reach of tax-
ation. This is the meaning of the taxation
plank in their platform of 1868.
It means low tariff now, and free trade and
direct taxation as soon as they can get il. It
means the tax-gatherer in every man's house
and espionage everywhere. The low tariff is
the velvet paw which conceals the sharp claws
of free trade. Either or both of them are ilie
equivalents of overwhelming debt abroad, of
destruction of home industry, of capiialists
ruined, of laborers beggared, of an indefinite
suspension of specie payments, and of uni-
versal national bankruptcy.
If such a bill as that before us shall pass, I
shall despair of ever seeing again a specie cur-
rency.
Mr. BRIGHT next addressed the House.
[See Appendix.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the committee that at half past one o'clock
the Committee of Ways and Means will resume
the floor. In the mean time the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Conger] will take the
floor, with the understanding that he will yield
to the gentleman from .Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] at half past one o'clock.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Chairman, a stranger
coming into this Hall now, at one o'clock on
this 3d day of May, in the year of our Lord
1872, and witnessing ihe excitement and the
running to and fro of men of both sides of
the House, who are earnestly looking over
bills or telegrams, or whatever they may be,
would be at a loss to determine whether the
very exciting question of the tariff and its
effects upon the country caused all this com-
motion, or whether, perchance, it might be a
telegram from Cincinnati, indicating the pro-
gress there of each candidate in the canvass.
My own opinion is that this excitcment par-
takes partly ol' both ; and I venture to say that
among the Republicans and Democrats in this
House no one can tell certainly what his opinions
may be a half an hour or an hour hence on the
subject of the tariff. It is barely possible that,
with the next clicking of that little instrument
which brings news from Cincinnati to us and
to all "the rest of mankind," we may change
sides on this subject; and that my Democratic
friends, uuder the lead of the heroic Greeley,
may be marching forth with " high protec-
tion" inscribed upon their banners, leading
the country ahead of our present views and
present sentiments on the protective side of
the tariff question; and I warn my Republican
friends not to be too high protective tariff just
now, for to-night or to-morrow we may be
outstripped by the Democracy under the gal-
lant leader that we have followed so long, and
in the efforts to outstrip us they may be com
pelled to favor a higher protection than the
interests of the country demand.
Gentlemen had better not be running after
telegrams and neglecting this tariff question
and this discussion and the remarks which
they ought to hear me make on this subject in
this last half hour of discussion, for I venture
to say that no man can tell what may befall
him in the next few minutes or hours.
Mr. ELDREDGE. My friend  
Mr. CONGER. I cannot yield to any inter-
ruption, even from the Democratic leader of
the House.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I was only going to
suggest to the gentleman that he had better
defer his speech until he had heard the news.
Mr. CONGER. No; my speech must move
on and grind, however slowly, whatever may
befall either party of us here. Now, in this
uncertain state of the canvass at Cincinnati,
and in the uncertain state of this bill in this
House one can hardly tell on either side of
the House what doctrines to advocate or
what theories to advance. And I have noticed
that on the Democratic side—and I call the
attention of whoever may have the audacity to
read m the Globe the speeches made here to
this fact—that in the last two or three days
there has been a dwindling down on the patt
of Democratic speakers of opposition to the
tanff. Their opposition has grown beauti-
fully less and less, until the present moment.
It may revive, and the Democratic party, under
the result of operations at Cincinnati, may yet
become as bold free-traders to-morrow as they
were a week ago; and they may be violent
protectionists next week ; who knows?
1 submit with all humility as my judgment
that liie itself is not so uncertain as the theory
and ihe policy of parlies to-day on the tariff,
at least lor the next hour. But, Mr. Chair-
mail, let lhat pass. 1 have attracted the atten-
tion of the House for a moment from these
telegrams. I wish I could keep it a few mo-
ments longer in the midst of this wild excite-
ment.
I do not propose to enter into the discussion
of tariff' questions or taiiff principles in gen-
eral, but to confine myself to this conglomer-
ated tariff bill, which is the best the free-
traders of this country can present through
our chairman, who, I believe, has seized hold
of this bill merely that he may control it, not
that he approves it. This measure is the best
that the free-traders offer to us; and I pro-
ceed to consider their compromise on the
tariff.
No man has advocated this bill except my
unfortunate friend from Illinois, [Mr. Burch-
abd.J No other man dare advocate it. No
man who believes his speech will ever be read
by the people of the United States dare say
that this measure is fair or just or equitable
or desirable. As for myself I stand here to
say (and it is for that purpose only I wish to
speak) that in almost every provision of this
bill there is a deadly thrust at some vital iu-
teiest of my State. It contains scarcely a
provision which has not a tendency to injure
and destroy our interests, not only in what we
consume but in all we produce. This bill, re
ported by free-traders and supported by the
free-traders of this House, walks up boldly to
the destruction of the interests of almost all
the States, and especially the interests of the
State of Michigan. It comes here earnestly
and savagely to destroy the interests of my
State, and for that I oppose it and would
destroy it.
A friend near me, a moderate, quiet man,
when I spoke earnestly against this bill said to
me, "But be calm, treat it gently, treat it
mildly, try to modify it; amend it so as to
make it more suitable to the country and more
advantageous to the interests of the people." '
Sir, when we are met by a bill which seeks to
destroy all the interests of Michigan, as well
as other States; to destroy them by half-way
measures, by a lingering death, (I would rather
free trade should sweep over our State atonces,)
why should we meet it mildly?
Mr. Chairman, inasmuch as several gentle-
men in discussingthisquestion have illustrated
by stories, and even the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] one of the oldest
members of the House, illustrated his remarks
with a dog story, it may not be inconsistent
for me to follow the example. I have read
somewhere that during the "late unpleasant-
ness" iu the South one of our soldiers who
was set to guard the property of a gentleman
of the South from the attacks of our oin sol-
diers or of rebels, was attacked fiercely and
furiously by a Cuban bloodhound that had
escaped from his kennel. The bloodhound
wilh red eyes and open mouth rushed upon
the soldier furiously to destroy him; and the
soldier, with his bayonet set, did not take it
mildly, but thrust the weapon into the dog's
mouth and throat, pinned him to the earth,
and destroyed him at once. But the owner,
coming round soon after and seeing his Cuban
bloodhound killed, was very angry and remon-
strated wilh the soldier, as my friend did with
me, and said to the soldier, " Why didn't you
meet the hound mildly and keep him off?
Why did you thrust your bayonet into the dog
and destroy him? Why didn't, you take the
but end of your gun and keep him off till I
came and saved you ?" The soldier very prop-
erly replied: " Why didn't your dog come at
me with 'the other end,' and then we would
have met but to but?" [Laughter.] So I say
about this tariff; there is no reason why we
should meet it mildly. It comes at us fiercely
to destroy the interests of every State of this
Union. Let us pin this bill and every similar
bill to the earth and destroy it in this "un-
pleasantness" as the soldier did in that.
Mr. Chairman, this bill as it stands here
to-day proposes to reenact. a duty of ten cents
perpound on tea and two cents per pound upon
coffee. If this bill be passed, all we have done
in that direction is lo^t, and we restore those
duties ; for the committee have not had the
grace to withdraw even that part of the bill,
notwithstanding the concurrent voice of the
House and the Senate against it, by the pas-
sage of a bill which has now become a law,
making tea and coffee free of duty ti all.
The great leading products of Michigan are
its lumber, its salt, its iron, its copper, and its
wool ; and yet while these are the leading
elements ot the productive interests of the
State of Michigan, there is not one of these
interests but what this bill seizes upon and so
reduces the tariff upon most of them, as to
render it inefficacious as protection to them,
utterly so. What, do the Representatives of
my State say on this subject? What do they
say without respect to party ? My friend who
represents the sixth district, [Mr. Suther-
land,] as well as the Republicans in the
House from that State unitedly and unani-
mously say to the House and to the country
that this bill is ruinous to the interests ot
Michigan, and therefore we oppose it.
Sir, why should the committee propose iu
this bill to reduce the tariff' on subjects upon
which the sense of the House and the Senate
has been so lately taken ? Did the commit'-
