1254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Also, the remonstrance of John R. Rogers,
type founder, and 94 others, workers in his es-
tablishment in the city of Boston, Massachu-
setts, against any change in the tariff laws
abating the duties on printing types now suc-
cessfully produced in American founderies,
and piaying a repeal of all duties on the raw
materials used in the production of type,
namely, tin, antimony, and type-metal, so that
liome industries may be fostered and defended.
By Mr. KELLOGG; The petition of Noah
Porter, president of Yale College, and others,
for the payment of the French spoliation
claims.
Also, the petition of Rev._ William Patton,
for the extension of a'copyright.
By Mr. KILLINGEli: The petitions of
655 workers in the anthracite coal mines of
Pennsylvania, praying that the duty on bitu-
minous coal may not be taken off or reduced.
Also, the petition of J. S. Keller and num-
erous others, citizens of Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that the laws regulating the distillation
of whisky may be made more fair and equal
in their operation.
By Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri ■, The
petition of Silas Kenady and 196 others, citi-
zens of Missouri, protesting against the fur-
ther extension of the patent for the Haines
Illinois harvester.
By Mr. MITCHELL: The petitions of G.
F. Biigham, publisher of the Sharon Gazette,
Sharon, Walworth county, Wisconsin; of
Spence & Gaynor, publishers of the Wauke-
sha County Democrat, Waukesha, Wisconsin ;
of William L>. Merreli, publisher of the Prairie
du Chii-n Courier, Praiie du Chien, Wiscon-
sin ; and of Leib Apple, publisher of the
Guthrie Vedette, Guthrie county, Iowa, pray-
ing an amendment of the postal laws.
Also, the remonstrance of J. A. Hoonan,
type-founder, and 35 others, workers in his
establishment in the city of Milwaukee, Wis-
consin, against any change in the tariff laws
abating the duties on printing types, now suc-
cessfully produced in American founderies,
and praying a repeal of all duties on the raw
materials used in the production of type,
namely, tin, antimony, and type-metal, so that
home industries maybe fostered and defended.
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of citizens
of Maine, in favor of a life-boat station at Point
Juduh.
By Mr. SARGENT: The petition of citi-
zens of San Francisco, praying that the notes
of Uniied States gold banks be receivable for
all Government dues.
By Mr. SLOCUM: The memorial of oil-
cloth manufacturers.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia: The petition
of P. M. Richardson, of Fulton county, Geor-
gia, asking the removal of his political dis-
abilities.
By Mr. SPRAGDE: The petition of Charles
D. Warren, of Meigs county, Ohio, praying
arrears of pension.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The remonstrance
of Allison, Smith & Johnson, type founders,
and 83 others, workers in their establishment
in the city of Cincinnati, Ohio, against any
change in the tariff laws abating the duties
on printing types, now successfully produced
in American founderies, and praying a repeal
of all duties on the raw materials used in the
production of type, namely, tin, antimony,
and type-metal, so that home industries may
be fostered and defended.
By Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania:
The remonstrance of E. L. Cbristman, George
G. Caldwell, George Ehrenzeller, and others,
against a change in the existing tariff laws.
By Mr. WAKEMAN : The petition of Sam-
uel Hart, father of Samuel D. Hart, company
F, forty-third New York volunteers, forarrears
of pension.
By Mr. WILLTAMS, of New York: The
remonstrance of Nathan Lyman, type-founder,
and 26 others, workers in his establishment in
the city of Buffalo, New York, against any
change in the tariff laws abating the duties on
printing types, now successfully produced in
American founderies, and praying a repeal
of all duties on the raw materials used in the
production of type, namely, tin, antimony,
and type-metals, so that home industries may
be fostered and defended.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 28,1872.
Prayer by Rev. C. Adams, D. D., of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
iioose bills referred.
The following bills yesterday received from
the House of Representatives were read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands:
A bill (H. R. No. 1021) for the relief of
preemption settlers in the State of Califor-
nia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1761) extending the time
for the completion of the Portage Lake and
Lake Superior ship-canal.
The bill (H. R. No. 48) to settle and quiet the
titles to land along the boundary line between
the States of Georgia and Florida was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The following bills were read twice by their
titles and referred to the Committee on Finance :
A bill (H. R. No. 1760) explanatory of the
internal revenue act of June 30, 1864, amended
by the act of July 13,1866, in relation to sirups,
jellies, mustards, sauces, and canned and pre-
served fruits, vegetables, and meats, enumer-
ated and taxed in schedule C of said acts and
acts amendatory thereof; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1762) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to allow the printing
and impressions of currency notes and bonds,
&c., for the use of Heath & Co.'s Counterfeit
Detector.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 104) direct-
ing the Secretary of War to add the German
language in the United States Military Acad-
emy at West Point was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
shrkveport a port of delivery.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 550) to consti-
tute Shreveport, in the State of Louisiana, a
port of delivery.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives was to strike out all after the words "New
Orleans," in line five, and insert "and there
shall be appointed a deputy collector of cus-
toms to reside at said port, who shall receive
a salary to be determined by the Secretary
of the Treasury, not exceeding $1,500 per
annum."
Mr. KELLOGG. I move that the amend-
ment be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. CAMERON. I am requested to pre-
sent a petition signed very largely by merchants
of the city of Philadelphia, dealers in tea and
coffee, who ask that the Senate Committee on
Finance may speedily decide upon the bill
passed the other day by the House of Repre-
sentatives in relation to the duties on those
articles. They say that the trade is suffering
great losses in consequence of the inaction of
the Senate on that subject. The petition states
that there are about ten million dollars' worth
of these articles now in the hands of dealers,
which are entirely deprived of sale in conse-
quence of the impression that there may be a
change in the duties. These merchants do not
care whether the duties be continued or taken
off, but they desire that there may be speedy
and immediate action on the subject. 1 move
the reference of the petition to the Committee
on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition of citi-
zens of Minnesota, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route between Le Mars, iowa,
and Washington, Minnesota, via Orange City ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Iowa, praying for the establishment of a mail
route between Le Mars, Iowa, and Washing-
ton, Minnesota, via Orange City and other
points; which was referred to the Committee
oil Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented the petition of
Samuel Gordon Swan, of Rusk county, Texas,
praying for the removal of his political dis-
abilities; which was referred to the selec;
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. SCHURZ. I present numerous peti-
tions from various parts of the United States,
the signatures to which number in the aggre-
gate ten thousand four hundred and seven,
transmitted from the city of Boston, asking
Congress to preserve inviolate the great guar-
antees of religious liberty, and protesting
against an amendment to the Constitution
establishing religious tests. I move the ref-
erence of these various petitions to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I present the memorial
of the trustees of the Methodist Episcopal
Church South, of Huntsville, Alabama, rep-
resenting that during very severe weather in
December, 1863, a detachment of soldiers of
the United States Army, quite a number of
whom were sick, were quartered in ihe base-
ment room of the church, and that while it
was so occupied by them, on the 6th day of
January, 1864, the building was accidentally
set on fire by the fires then used in the base-
ment story, and was entirely consumed. These
trustees ask compensation from the Govern-
ment of the United States for the destruction
of their property. I move that the memorial
and accompanying papers be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of John M. McFarland and others,
late soldiers of the United States Army, and
citizens of Maine, asking Congress to pass an
act giving to all soldiers, sailors, and marines,
and to the heirs of those who are deceased.
$8 33J- per month for the entire time served,
deducting therefrom all Government boun-
ties heretofore received by them : which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I also present
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Maine, and ask that they be read.
The Chief Cierk read as follows :
Resolves relating to the fishing interests of the State
of Maine.
Whereas the effect of the treaty of 'Washington
promises to be disastrous to the fishing interests of
Maine: Therefore,
Resolved, That our Senators in Congress be in-
structed, and our Representatives requested, to use
their influence to provide relief and indemnity to
said interests by a bounty on fish, or on tonnage, or
such other form as may best protect those interests.
HesoCvedr That the Governor be requested to for-
ward a copy of these resolves to our Senators and
Representatives in Congress.
The resolutions were referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. OSBORN presented a petition'of citi-
zens of Appalachicola, Florida, in favor of the
removal of the political disabilities of S. S.
Alderman of that city; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. CA.SSERLY. I present a joint reso-
lution of the Legislature of California in favor
of the establishment of a tri-weekly mail from
Cache Creek, in Yolo county, to.Capay, in the
same county. I move its reference to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
