358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
New Hampshire, Virginia, and North Caro-
lina, voted ay. Massachusetts. Connecticut,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Mary-
land, South Carolina, and Georgia, no.
Mr. Madison comments on this proceeding
in a note as follows:
"An ineligibility would have followed (though it
•would seem from the vote not in the opinion of ali)
this prolongation of the term."
It appears from the debates that a popular
election, and a term of but four years, was re-
garded as the provision to go with reeiigibil*
lty, and that an election by the Legislature and
a long teim, were to go with ineligibility to a
second term. These were the alternative prop-
ositions, and choice by the people with a
short term, was substituted for a legislative
elec ion with a single long term. Little or no
weight was attached to any objections to be
made against allowing the people to reelect a
President whose term was only four years.
Thismay be seen from the following extracts
from Mr. Madison's records of the debates :
" Mr. Mason was for seven years at least, and for
prohibitingareeligibility as the best expedient both
for preventing the effect of a false complaisance on
tho side of the Legislature toward unfit characters,
and a temptation on the side of the Executive to in-
trigue with the Legislature for a renppointment.
"Mr. Bedford was lor a triennial election, and
for an ineligibility after n period of nine years.
"Mr. Gf.rey. If the Executive is to be eleeted
by the Legislature, he certainly ought not to be re-
eligible. This would make him absolutely depend-
ent.
" Mr. Wilson. Itseem3 to bo the unanimous sense
that tho Executive should not be appointed by the
Legislature,unless he be rendered ineligible a second
time, lie perceived with pleasure that tho idea was
gaining ground of an election mediately or immedi-
ately by the people.
Tuesday, September 4, 1787, the committee
of eleven reported in favor of choosing the
President by popular election through elect-
ors, instead of leaving the choice to the
national Legislature, as had been proposed,
and making the term four years.
"Mr. Sherman said the object of this clause of
the report was to get rid of the ineligibility which
was attached to the mode of election by tho Legisla-
ture. and to render the Executive independent of
tho Lcgislatuie.
" Gouveneur Morris said he would give the rea-
sons of tho committee and his own. The first was the
danger of intrigue and faction if the appointment
should be made by the Legislature. The next was
tho inconvenience of ineligibility required by that
mode in order to lessen its eviis," &e.
What is there in our annals to falsify these
judgments of our fathers? Why should we
plow up the old ways? Have the sins and
errors of Presidents, the wrongs and woes
they have wrought, the crimes against liberty
and justice ihey hare done, occurred esoe-
cialiy during second terms? Have illustrious
actions characterized those Chief Magistrates
aione, who held office but once?
A radiant constellation of deathless names
appears to answer the inquiry.
A President usurped the power to declare
war. A President planned and waged war
upon a weak and wretched people. A Presi-
dent helped to enact the fugitive s'ave law of
18o0._ and a President signed it. A President
connived at the overthrow of the Missouri com-
promise, and sought to plant slavery in regions
that were free. A President tried to clutch
Cuba by force and fiaud, and his ministers
signed the Ostend manifesto. A President
trembled with fear and forsook duty and oath,
when ho might have strangled a treason that
reddened a continent with biood. A Presi-
dent trod upon a race, and turned liis back
upon hiscoutrry, that he might exalt conspira-
tors wlw caused the greatest funeral in his-
tory. W ere these the deeds of Presidents
who had been reelected? No, sir; not one
of there octors was gravely thought of for a
second term.
When nullification and secession firstquaiied
before tho beak and claw of Federal power,
Andrew Jackson wao President, and he stamped
out treason then, and made it odious fj? a
Quarter of acentury. But. Andrew Jackson re-
ceived and sought a reckciion, aad lie turned
men ont of office too, and put in supporters of
his Administration. When the country rocked
in the throes of an earthquake, when the land
was rent with a convulsion the greatest man
has known, when politicians, faetionists, and
malcontents deserted and reviled him, when
a pitiless storm of rancor pelted on his head,
Abraham Lincoln, with sublime fortitude and
patience, did all things, and then stood. A
martyr to traducers and meddlers in his life, a
martyr to assassins in his death, he did not
fall, till he had sought and received in a re-
election, the benedictions of the American peo-
ple. Death cut short Lincoln's service and
blasted the nation's hopes; death, stronger than
resolutions or constitutional amendments, may
blast the hopes of the nation now. But death
is the only archer whose bow will do the work.
Critics, and opponents, and men with personal
grievances, cannot do it. Flaws and foibles
they may find, but the heart and the judgment
of the nation are with the unyielding soldier who
made war victorious, and the quiet man who
makes peace safe for all; and his name, and
his transcendent deeds, will live in grateful
memory, when those who would blast his fame
have moldered in forgotten graves, and when
their epitaphs have vanished utterly.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I shall not
undertake at this time to follow the Senator in
his elaborate speech, nor at any time shall I
make any reply to the insinuations and inuen-
does which he has so freely strewn in his path.
I leave him, sir, in the full enjoyment of what
he has done.
In introducing the constitutional amend-
ment now before the Seriate, I have discharged
a conscientious duty as a Senator. Taking
counsel of experience, and following the testi-
mony of the best men of our Republic, I felt
constrained to invite the Senate to consider
this question. I say, sir, taking counsel of
experience ; and does not experience confirm
the conclusion at which I have arrived ? Is it
not sustained by the best authorities ? Who
in our history has arrayed himself on the side
which the Senator from New York to-day rep-
resents? What eminent statesman has placed
himself against Andrew Jackson, Henry Clay,
Wiiliara Henry Harrison, and Benjamin F.
Wade? Who is he? I know him not Do
you know him, sir?
The Senator from New York opposes those
illustrious characters. Bat he mistakes the
whole foundation of the argument, for one term.
The precise object is to guard against tempta-
tion, to see that the President has not apower
which may be used injuriously. The Senator
says, let him be tempted. Nay, if I under-
stood him, he goes further, and argues that the
people shall not be restrained in the choice of
their Chief Magistrate. I hey must be free to
choose as they please, and no matter what
influence may prevail, tie declaims against
restrictions upon the people. Sir, such decla-
mation is an assault on constitutional liberty.
It is through restrictions on the people, as-
sured by constitutional law, that liberty is
maintained. What is the great object of
civilized government but liberty regulated by
law, libirty under the safe-guard ot a consti-
tution? The Senatoi's speech would over-
thiow Constitution and overthrow law where
it was a restaint upon the people. Can such an
attempt find sanction? Is it not on its face con-
tiary to the genius of republican institutions?
Why, sir, one definition of a republic is a
government regulated by law to the end that it
may be a government not of men, bat of law.
The Senator would make it a government of
men. Sir, I know no better way to indicate
the progress of civilization than by showing
you men gradually coming within the sphere
of law. At first there is little law, hut the ex-
ecutive power is large ; aseiviliza'ion increases
executive power is diminished and the sphere
of law extended.
Now, sir, my humble object is to bring the
executive power within the sphere of constitu-
tional law, to the end thatit shall not fall under
a temptation which all experience shows to be
most pernicious. In the resolution I have had
the honor of offering there is a preamble, which
is a summary of the ground on which I place
tbe one term principle. It is as follows :
Whereas all these concurring voices, where patri-
otism, experience, and reason bear testimony, have
additional value at a moment when the country is
looking anxiously to a reform of iho civil servioo.
for tho plain reason that tho peril Jrom the Chtoi
Magistrate, so long as he is exposed to temptation,
surpasses that from any other quarter, and thus tho
first stage in this much-deeired reform is tho one-
term principle, to tho oncl that the President, who
exercises tho appointing power, reaching into all
parts of the country and holding in subordination a
multitudinous army of office-holders, shall bo abso-
lutely without motive or inducement to employ it
for any other purpose than the public good; and
"Whereas the character of republican institutions
requires that tho Chief Magistrate Bhall be above
all suspicion of using the machinery of which he is
the official head to promote his own personal aims:
Theretore,
Jtesolved, &c.
Sir, has this simple statement been an-
swered ? Can it be answered ? Is it not sus-
tained by our history ? I shall not, on this
occasion, give any words of my own, but of
another who, I think, will be an authority with
m ost Senators. One of our late associates in
this Chamber, my own companion here for
eighteen years, Mr. Wade, in a speech made
December 5, 18G6, answered in advance the
whole elaborate oration to which we have
listened to-day.
"Nobody"—
Says Mr. Wade—
" can fail to see that, in the vast and growing patron-
age and power of tho presidential office, thoro are
temptations to the incumbent, all tho time weighing
upon his mind like gravity, to wield tho concen-
trated powers of tho Government in such a way as
he believes will conduce to lus reelection. I believe
every one who has watched with vigilance tho ad-
ministration of ourGovernmentduring allies periods
will admit that this has been so."
Mark, if you please, thepreciseneas and pos-
itiveness of the language:
" 1 believe every one who has watched with vigil-
ance tbe administration of our Government during
all its periods will admit that this has been so."
Sir, this is not my language. He then
proceeds:
"I do not wish now invidiously to point out tho
peculiar action of any particular Administration,
but anyone acquainted with thoaction ofthohuman
mind, and the motives which govern it, knows that
it is not safe to leave in the hands of any man such
temptations as arise lrom thelact that ho can use
these vast powers to promoto his own ambition."
Ay, sir, " to promote his own ambition."
There is the peril. Has the Senator shown
that the peril does not exist? Then, again,
Mr. Wade proceeds :
"I believe, in the progress of thisnation from one
Administration to another, that this idea, which
shrewd statesmen saw early, has been growing, till
now everybody seems to understand that tkero is an
evil which needs correction."
There it is, sir, "an evil which needs cor-
rection."
"Without going into the argument, merely sug-
gesting tho great importance of tho measure, I simply
say that ail parties for several years seem to have
been of the opinion that this dcfect should be reme-
died." * * * * "Such has been the
condition of parties generally in this Government,
that it was almost a hopeless task to ingraft this
amendmontupon the Constitution. There now is an
opportunity, and I believe every man isscnsiblo that
tho eorrcction ought to be promptly applied."
I ask, sir, if those few words of that excel-
lent statesman and honored Senator are not in
themselves an absolute answer to all that has
fallen from the Senator from New York, so far
as it was an assault upon the one-term prin-
ciple? I am willing to leave the case for the
present on this simple statement.
. Mr. WILSON. I understand that this ques-
tion will now go over until some other time,
and I desire to move a lerominitment of a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By postponing
it until to-morrow it will return to ith place on
the Calendar. The Senator fiom Massachu-
setts [Mr. Wilson] moves to postpone the
further consideiatiou of this joint lesolutiou
until to-morrow, the effect ot which will be
