1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1255
Mr. COLE. I suggest to ray colleague that
that should go to the Post Office Department,
probably, if it is in relation to a route already
established.
Mr. CAS3ERLY. I judge it is a new route
that is asked for.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. COLE. I ask leave to present a peti-
tion signed by several thousand of the people
of San Francisco, which, as it is very short, I
will ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
To the honorable the Senate and the Mouse of Re?>re~
$entatives of the United States in Congress assembled :
We the undersigned, citizens and tax-payers of
the city and county of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, respectfully represent—
First. That the so-called "Presidio reservation,"
now belonging to and in the possession of the United
States, consists of over two and one lialf square
miles of land, and is situated on the immediate
northwest side of the city of San Francisco, com-
mencing near the intersection of Baker street with
tho bay, and running thence along the shore line
of the bay to tho Golden Gate, or entrance to the
harbor; that this reservation contains the only ex-
tensive body of arable land near the city of San
Francisco, and on that peninsula, suitable for a park;
thut the soil of this land is generally good, and is well
watered with springs; that it mostly faces to tho east
and bouth, and is in lull view of the bay and city
of San Francisco; that all the shipping, either en-
tering into or going out of port passes within les3
than one mile of this beautiful slope; that these
lands are now chiefly used for a cow pasture, and
are wholly uncultivated and unadorned, with not
one tree or flower planted therein for ornamentation.
Second, That if these lands, or a large portion of
them, were dedicated for a public park, and laid out,
planted, and cultivated as such, its location on the
bay and nearness to the city of San Francisco would
make it one of the most attractive spots on the con-
tinent.
Third. That at no time since San Francisco was
a city has the General Government used but a very
small portion of this reservation for military or other
purposes, except for pasture.
Fourth. That our city government and the Legis-
lature of the State have each respectively memo-
rialized your honorable bodies, requesting that these
lands bo dedicated for the purpose of a public
park.
Fifth. Wg therefore most earnestly request that
the so-called "Presidio reservation " be leased by
tho United States Government to the city of San
Francisco, in trust only, for the above purpose.
Mr. COLE. I will state that this petition
is signed by every banker of that city j by those
in control of all the insurance companies; by
most of the meichants, founderymen,and lum-
ber dealeis, besides a great many others en-
gaged in various branches of business in that
city ^ and the person who sends the petition
writes me that it would be an easy matter to
obtain the signature of every tax-payer in the
city for this beneficent object. I hope the
Senate will permit me to call up the bill re-
lating to this subject, which has already been
twice before the Senate, and have it consid-
ered within a day or two in the morning hour,
inasmuch as it is necessary that some action
should be had before the Legislature adjourns.
The Legislature is now in session, and it will
be necessary for them to authorize the city to
make expenditures for the improvement of
this park, provided the General Government
sees lit to donate it or lease it to the city for
that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor ask unanimous consent to consider the bill
now?
Mr. COLE. I should like to have it- taken
up at this time, if there be no objection, as I
hope there may not be.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California has presented a petition signed
by several thousand citizens of San Francisco
in relation to the Presidio reservation, and
asks the Senate to proceed to the present con-
sideration of the bill on that subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What ha3 become of the
petition ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has not yet
been referred.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On the question of refer-
ence I wish to be heard.
Mr. COLE. I ask that the petition lie on
the table, as the bill oa the subject is now on
the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
lay on the table is not debatable.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator ought to get
through at some time or other.
Mr. COLE. I shall be through in a moment,
if the Senator will not interrupt me further.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not interrupt the
Senator; I was addressing the Chair.
Mr. COLE. I will state that the bill was
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs,
then recommitted to them and referred to the
War Department, and a substitute has been
reported by the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, which is satisfactory, not
merely to the committee, but to the War
Department, and I can see no reason why
anybody should raise any objection to it. It
is due to the people of that city, who pay a
very large amount of taxes, reaching alto-
gether I think to some ten or twelve millions,
that they should be accommodated in this
respect, inasmuch as what they ask will be
for the benefit of the United States as well as
themselves. They wish this reservation to be
made a park, a place of recreation, it being
now, as is stated, merely a cow pasture for
two or three officers who live on the reserva-
tion in the barracks there. The proposition,
I will add, is not to remove the military bar-
racks, or to interfere with any fortification,
but only to permit the city to use so much of
the reservation as is now a barren waste, a
very reasonable proposition indeed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not .wish to occupy
the time of the Senate in discussing this ques-
tion at this time, but as so much display has
been made of this petition, and my friend has
committed himselt to granting its prayer, I
think I ought to say to the Senate that this is
a matter which they ought not to commit them-
selves to hastily. Here is a tract of more than
a thousand acres of land belonging to the Uni-
ted States which is worth between three and
four million dollars. It can be sold for more
than two millions atauction any day. The city
of San Francisco has already a park of a thou-
sand acres close by of its own, and it appears
to me they have no more right to ask us either
to give or lend them this land if we do not
need it for military purposes than they have
to ask us to give them so much other property
of the United States or money out of the
Treasury. If it is not needed for military pur-
poses, it ought to be sold and the cash paid
into the Treasury, in order to relieve the debts
of the people. That is all I wish to say now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition is
not now subject to debate unless some Senator
objects to its reception. It is referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COLE. A bill on the same subject is
now on the table, and therefore I suppose
the petition should lie on the table, to be con-
sidered when the bill is taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate is irreg-
ular at the present time, because the bill is not
before the Senate.
Mr. COLE. If the Senator from Vermont
does not object, I will ask that the bill be
taken up for consideration now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont seemed to object by his lan-
guage.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir. I think we
should get a specific statement from the War
Department before we take it up.
Mr. COLE. We have that statement.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, we have not. It
does not amount to what the Senator thinks
it does.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am quite aware that
this discussion is irregular, and has gone on
only by consent. I do not wish to prolong it;
but I do wish to say that I believe the Senator
from Vermont can be satisfied, as a just man, i
that the objections which he has presented I
here very briefly this morning can be fully
answered whenever there is an opportunity
and full time for debate.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition will
lie on the table. The presentation of petitions
and memorials is still in order.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented a concurrent
resolution of the Legislature of South Caro-
lina, asking the Congress of the United States
to remove the political disabilities of Thomas
Crymes, of Anderson county, South Carolina;
which was referred to the select Committee on
tho Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition
of John M. Ransom, praying to be allowed
arrears of pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of J. W.
Cronkite, praying for an increase of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented a memorial numerously
signed by citizens and dairymen of the county
of Herkimer, New York, protesting against
the reduction of the duties upon foreign salt,
and setting forth that it would tend to diminish
the production of good salt in this country;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
UKPOltTS 01? COMMITTEES.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 200) for
the relief of William H. Coliedge, reported
it without amendment, and submitted a report
thereon ; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 197) for the re-
lief of the widow of D. Jay Brown, deceased,
reported it without amendment, and submit-
ted a report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PRATT. The same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 159) con-
ferring upon the Court of Claims the power
to hear and determine the claim of J. W.
Parish & Co., for damages for the alleged vio-
lation oftheir contract with the United States
for the delivery of ice, have directed me to
report the bill without amendment, and rec-
ommend its passage, and if it is not trespass-
ing too much on the attention of the Senate,
I should bo glad that this fail!, which seeks to
accomplish nothing except simply to confer
on the Court of Claims power to hear and
determine this case, may now bo taken up and
put upon its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. The bill will be read for in-
formation, after which the Chair will ask for
objections,* if there be any.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think this will prob-
ably have to go over. I should like, however,
before I ask that it go over, to hear the Senator
from Indiana who reported it state what the
reason is that these gentlemen cannot prose-
cute their claim in the Court of Claims if it is
on a contract.
Mr. PRATT. The reason is that the stat-
ute of limitations intervened while they were
prosecuting their claim before the War Depart-
ment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I supposed it was to repeal
the statute of limitations : and therefore I
think we had better lay it over for considera-
tion.
Mr. PRATT. Then I ask that the report
be printed.
The report was ordered to be printed, and
the bill was placed on the Calendar.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the petition of Jobn Jones, Randolph
H. Ramsey, and William H. Lauteman, pray-
ing relief from all obligations as sureties of
William E. Quillian, postmaster at Milledge-
ville, Georgia, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
