1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2151
of Black Hawk, Central City, and George-
town, in the Territory of Colorado, and 'tor
other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2195) relating to certain
lands in the State of Alabama.
The bill (H. R. No. 1027) to perfect navi-
gation on the Mississippi river was read twice
by its title.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that that bill iie
on the table for the present.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill (H. R. No. 870) for the relief of
settlers on the Osage lands, in the State of
Kansas, was read twice by its title.
Mr. PO.UEROY. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs have reported a similar bill. The
chairman ot the committee is not in his seat
at this moment, but 1 consulted with him yes
terday on this subject, and we agreed to a slight
amendment of the date, and then I wanted to
pass this bill with that amendment.
Mr. EDMONDS. You cannot do that. I
think the bill ought to be piiuted and referred
to a committee.
Mr. POMEROY. Then let it lie on the
table. The same bill ha-i been printed, and
lias been reported by the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot tell whether
the same bill is printed or not, without looking
at it so far as 1 am concerned. 1 know my
friend thinks they are the same, bat I have
not compared them. I ask that, in accordance
with the rule, this House bill be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tlnrt motion
has priority of reference, if made. The bill
will be printed and laid on the table.
The bill (H. R. No. 2124) granting the right
of way through the public lands for the con-
struction of a railroad from Great Salt Lake to
Portland, Oregon, was read twice by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill does
not appear to have come from any committee
in the House. To what committee shall it be
referred?
Mr. POMEROY. To the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
Mr. CORBETT. The Committee on Public
Lauds.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas moves that, the bill be referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
the Senator from Oregon moves to amend 1 hat
by inserting the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CORBETT. A precisely similar bill has
been under consideration before the Commit-
tee on Public Lands. Originally this hill pro-
vided for a land grant, but it has been changed
so as simply to give the right o( way, and I
now ask to have it referred to the Committee
on Public Lands here.
Mr. STEWART. I think that bill should
clearly go to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. It is for the Sen-
ate to decide. The tirst motion was made by
the Senator from Kansas, unless he withdraws
it, to refer the bill to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, and the Senator from Oregon
moves to amend by inserting the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no choice in the
matter. 1 supposed that the bill belonged to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas withdraws bis motion.
Mr. STEWART. I move to refer ir, to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Oregon moved to refer the bill to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and the Senator from
Nevada moves to amend by inserting the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope that reference will
not be made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment.
Mr. CORBETT. On that I askfortheyeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CORBEfr. I will simply state my
reasons for desiring the reference of this bill
to the Committee on Public Lands. A dupli-
cate of this bill was introduced here and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and they have had it under consideration.
The House had the same bill under considera-
tion, and they have stricken out the grant of
lands which it, originally contained, so that it
now simpiy gives the right of way. I have
conversed with the Senator from Kansas and
some of the other members of the committee
on this subject as to the importance of this
road. The bill simply grants the right of way
through the public lands from Salt Lake to
Portland, Oregon, giving about forty acres of
land at each station. I think the Committee
on Public Lands is the proper committee to
consider such a bill. It has already had a
similar bill under consideration, and I hope
this bill will be referred to that committee. I
hope the amendment of the Senator from
Nevada will not be adopted, and I trust he
will withdiaw it.
'Mr. STEWART. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ator proceeds, the Chair desires to correct the
statement ho made. All bills coming from
the House of Representatives are marked wii.h
the committees in which they originated. This
bill was not marked, ami the Chair supposed
from rending the Globe this morning that it
was offered in the House by the member from
Nevada, and did not come from a committee,
but lie finds on a further examination of the
Globe that it came from the Committee on
Public Lands:
"Mr. Slater, from the Committee on the Public
Lamls, reported back, with an amendment,, a bill
(U. R. No. -12{) granting the right of way through
the public hinds for the construction of a railroad
from Great Salt Lake to Portland, Oregon."
Mr. STEWART. That may all be so ; but,so
long as we have a Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, it seems to methisbill is a legitimate
subject for the consideration of that commit-
tee. I have nothing further to say than that.
It seems to me there should be some regular-
ity about the reference of these bills. This is
really a Pacific railroad bill, a bill for a rail-
load extending nearly half way across the con-
tinent,, connecting with the Pacific railroad,
and it should be referred to that committee.
Mr. LOGAN. I came in as this question
was being discussed, hut being a member of
the Committee on Public Lands, I do not
like to see the prerogatives of that commit-
tee infringed. As this bill merely proposes
to grant the right of way through the public
lands, 1 cannot understand what the Pacific
Railroad Committee has got to do with it.
As I understand, the Pacific Railroad Com-
mittee was organized for a special purpose.
It was a committee unknown in either branch
of Congress until the building of the Pacific
railroad, and it was organized for the pur-
pore of examining into matters connected
with the Pacific railroad, and not in refer-
ence to matters connected with the public
lands that had nothing to do with the Pacific
railroad already built, or any other Pacific
railroad that might be projected. It does
seem to me that the proper committee to
consider a matter of this kind, a bill grant-
ing the right of way through the public lands,
is the Committee on Public Lands. I do not
know what condition the matter is in now; 1
have just come in ; but, certainly I think that
is the appropriate committee to consider this
bill.
Mr. STEWART. This road is to run to
Oregon, where it will be an important branch
of tue Pacific railroad when built. It seems
to-me if that committee are to consider any
bill, this would be legitimate.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lie Lauds have received a bill introduced by
the member from Oregon, which had the right
of way, and several other things in the bill
besides the right of way. The committee ex-
amined it but have made no report. I think
I can safely say the committee would have
reported the right of way, but there were sev-
eral other provisions in the bill which we had
besides the right of way. Therefore we have
made no report.
Mr. CORBETT. That is true. I suggested
to the committee that our people were very
anxious that the bill should be disposed of,
and as they had bad it under consideration
and had refused to give us a laud grant, I
asked the Senator from Kansas to report the
bill without a land grant, simply giving us the
right of way that we might make some pro-
gress in organizing this company and com-
mencing the construction of this branch road
as soon as possible. This is simply a road
from Salt Lake to Portland, Oregon, and runs
through a section of the country that, is not
developed and cannot be developed without a
railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
now state, if the Senator from Oregon will in-
dulge him, that the morning business has not
yet commenced, and a Senator cannot speak
more than twice on the same question the same
day.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senators
antagonizing on this question have each spoken
twice. The yeas and nays have been oidered
on the amendment, of the Senator from Nevada
to stiike out •' Committee on Public Lands,"
and insert "Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road" as the committee towhich this bill shall
be referred.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 1"2, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Blair, Buckingham. Cooper, Davis
of West Virginia, Fenton, Harbin, Hitchcock, Kel-
logg, Norwood, Ramsey, Spencer, and Stewart—12.
NAYS -Messrs. Ames, Bayard. Caldwell, Casserly,
Clapton, Cole, Corbet,t. Cragin, Edmunds, Ferry of
Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Hamilton ot Mary-
land, Hamilton o! Tcxa>, Uowc, Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Mori ill of Vermont, Osborn. Pomerov, Pratt,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Sohurx. Scott, Spraguc, Ste-
venson, Tipton, XrumbuiJ, Wilson, Windom, and
Writrht—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Da vis of Kentucky, Flanagan, Frclinghuysen,
Gilbert. Goldthwaite. Hamlin,HiII, Johnston. Kelly,
Lewis. Morton, Nye, Patterson, Pool, Rice, Sawyer,
Sherman, Stockton, Sumner, Thuraian, Vickcrs,
and West—SO.
So the amendment was rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recuis on the motion to refer the bill to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF TESTIMONY.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the concurrent resolution of
the Senate in regard to printing the report and
testimony taken before the Senate Committee
on Investigation and Retrenchment; which
was referred to the Committee ou Printing.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the Senate of the 2Gth ultimo, in-
formation concerning lands forfeited by the
New Orleans, Opelousas. and Great Western
Railroad Company; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to get a
vote on the coal bill
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont, objected to anything being
taken up until the morning business was con-
cluded.
