1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3047
tee forget that this House by an almost unpar-
■ filleled majority in response to tlie wish of the
i whole people lately placed tea and coffee upon
the free list? And yet they leave it in the
i bill at the, rate of ten cents a pound on teaatid
rtwo cents upon coffee. Did the committee
• forget that not long since on the subject of
; l]imber in the Senate and in the House, when
I the proposition was made to admit a small
t.quantity of lumber free of duty, the Senate
and the House struck out even that license
and prohibited the introduction of all lumber
free of duty ? Did this committee forget that
bat a few years ago when our copper interest
was entirely destroyed in this country the
House and the Senate passed an act taking
copjerfrom the free list, and imposed a duty
. on it for the purpose of its protection ?
And did they not know to-day that more
than two thirds of the copper mines of Michi-
fao, as well as of the copper mines of the
fnited States outside of Michigan, are lying
idle because their productiveness is not remu-
nerative, even with the protection they now
have? No, the committee ask to reduce it.
Did the committee not learn that to-day more
than half of the salt-manufacturing works of
the Saginaw valley in the State of Michigan
are lying idle because the sale of their salt in
the market is utiremunerative? Did not the
committee know the wharves and docks of
Canada, lying across the river from Michigan,
and across the lake, are piled high with Cana-
dian salt, waiting for such a bill as this to be
introduced into Congress and become a law,
thus depriving hundreds and thousands of
our laborers of the reward of their industry,
and the support and educaiion of their families?
Sir, I will not dwell on these things. I
.have no desire to criticise further these defects
of the bill. I have merely referred incident-
ally to these particular interests. But, sir,
there are interests affecting the whole coun-
try, small interests as well as large, that need
revision. Among others that should be put
on the free list are the articles ofgilling twine
and net twine used by our fishermen all along
the Atlantic coast, all over the lakes, all
through the Gulf of Mexico, and all over the
rivers in our land. It is a small article, and
yet on that article, not manufactured in this
country, a duty of forty per cent, is laid, and
there it remains notwithstanding the petitions
of our people from different parts of the coun-
try, and letters received and presented on that
subject. Canadian fishermen have free twine;
but it is too simple to attract the attention
of the committee. Although it affects inter-
ests in every State in the Union, yet it is too
unimportant to be placed on the free list by
the committee who reported this bill. At the
proper time I shall ask this protection, this
benefit to our fishing interests.
Sir, I call the attention of this committee to
the effect on these interests of this soit of half-
way reduction, which does not benefit the con-
sumer of the article and which tends to the
ruin of the producer. Free trade with all its
enormities is better than this mangling half-way
bill; and I hope either this bill will be in these
respects materially modified or that it will be
utterly destroyed. The action of the Senate
has opened the way for a different bill, looking
to the removal of internal revenues, looking
to the placing on the free list of many such
articles as I have alluded to, such as gilling j
and netting twine, which enters intu one of the
common industries of the country, an article
not manufactured in this country and which
now bears a duty oppressive to the people
engaged in that industry, as well as oppressive
to the people who use their productions.
Mr. Chairman, I might say a good deal more
upon this bill and upon this subject, but in the
present excited state of the committee, or the
members of the committee, awaiting the news
from Cincinnati, which, as I have said, may
shape their views on the tariff, it is idle to
spend time longer upon it. I have asked the
attention of the committee that I might speak
for the State which I have the honor in part
to represent, against the passage of this or any
bill similar in its nature. I have asked the
attention of the committee, and I call their
attention now to the fact that there are many
articles in our common use of great import-
ance which ought to be placed on the free list j
and which, if this bill progresses, I shall bring
under the notice of the committee in amend-
ments which I shall offer.
But, as there are other gentlemen who de-
sire to address the House in the brief space
of time which is left, to us, I shall not longer
occupy the attention of the committee.
By the downcast looks of my Democratic
friends, I presume this last telegram announces
the nomination of the champion of protection
at Cincinnati. The transition is somewhat
sudden; but the resolute Democracy will prove
equal to the emergency, and hang out the
banner of protection on the outer wall.
I now yield a moment to my colleague,
[Mr. Sutherland,] and the few minutes left,
to the gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Eames.]
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I ask unanimous
consent to have printed in the Globe some
remarks which I have prepared on the pend-
ing bill.
There was no objection; and leave was
granted. [See Appendix.]
Mr. CON GER. I yield the remainder of my
time to the gentleman from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Eames.]
Mr. EAMES. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
address to the committee a few remarks in
regard especially to the interests of the State
of Rhode Island as affected by the provisions
of the bill reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means, and now under consider-
ation. The gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Conger] who has just taken his seat says
that this bill touches every interest there is in
the State of Michigan. I may respond that
it touches, also, every interest of the State
which I in part represent upon this floor. It
is proposed by the bill which has been
reported by a majority of the committee to
reduce the duty upon cotton goods twenty per
cent., and upon woolen goods twenty per
cent. also. It is known that so far as Rhode
Island is concerned her material interests de-
pend to a considerable extent upon her water-
power, by means of which she is enabled to
propel the wheels that move the spindles and
looms that spin and weave the cloth that is
there produced. We live upon a soil that is
naturally barren and sterile. We can only
live by encouragement on the part of the Gov-
ernment to the industries we may there pur-
sue, and in relation to these and the proposed
reductions upon them I feel, sir, although
hardly able to utter a word, that it is my duty
to make a protest here before this debate
closes.
But, sir, my purpose in rising was not to
discuss the questions of the tariff either upon
the theory of free-trade or revenue reform, or
upon the theory of protection, but simply to
call the attention of the committee to two
positions which have been assumed by gentle-
men who have supported the bill which has
been reported by the committee, and also to a
statement that has been made with reference
to the condition of laborers who are engaged
in manufacturing pursuits in New England.
One position is that which was presented
by the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Fin'k-
elnburg] in opening the debate upon this
question. In doing so, he took the ground
that this was the time to make a reduction,
which should be no more, as I understood his
argument, than an equivalent for the taxes
imposed by the internal revenue laws which
had been repealed in 1868.
Now, sir, the argument of the gentleman
was very plausible, indeed; and so was the
illustration by which he sought to enforce it.
He presented to the House the basis upon
which the present tariff upon wool and woolens
was adjusted, and by the statement he made
and the arguments he presented, perhaps his
theory was entirely carried out iu respect to
wool and woolens. But I had occasiou to
look at other articles in this long list, the
duties on which it is proposed to reduce, and
I find that the same idea is not carried out in
any other portion of the bill. Upon cottons
the reduction is twenty per cent., wherea3 the
tax imposed by the internal revenue system
was only five per cent, upon the amount of
sales. And, so, sir, you may follow the bill
through on the different articles of manufac-
ture in iron and other materials, and we find
that it is only in one particular, the case of
wool and woolens, that this bill coincides with
the statement which the gentleman made, and
which furnished the plausible argument the
gentleman presented on this floor why the bill
should receive the favorable consideration of
this House.
But there is one other position wnich has
been taken, to which I desire for one moment
to allude ; and that is the assertion which
•was made in the first place by the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. FinkelnbU-RG,] and
which was repeated by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Burchard,] and echoed and
reechoed by every gentleman who has taken
that side of the question upon the bill under
consideration—that to the extent that a duty
is imposed for the benefit of any of these
home industries, and exactly to that extent
the cossumer is obliged to pay.
But the gentlemen who maintain this propo-
sition overlook the fact that these protected
industries furnish a profitable home market
for a very large proportion of the products of
agriculture, and they ignore entirely in their
calculations the important and materia! fact
that in every case in which home industries
have been developed by the fostering caie of
the Government, the result has been a material
reduction of the price of the foreign product.
That such has been the result is established by
the reduction in price of the following articles
of domestic production now in comrndu use;
The manufacture of ribbed hose was com-
menced in this country in 1824. Previous to
1850 only three sets of machinery ware in
operation, producing three thousand dozen a
year. The price which at first was paid for
knitting the legs was $1 20 per dozen, and for
knitting the feet 75 cents per dozen. In
1867 the price for knitting the legs was 2
cents a pair, and for the feet 5 cents a pair,
and instead of three thousand dozen the pro-
duct was five hundred thousand dozen a year.
The price for knitting ribbed shirts iu the
early stage of the industry in this country was
$4 per dozen for the bodies, and $1 25 for the
sleeves. The price in 1867 was 12 cents for a
single shirt and sleeves.
Jeans, a light, twilled fabric, when imported
sold for 30 cents a yard. When first manufac-
tured in this country an article of superior
quality sold for 23 cents, and in 1860 the price
was from 6J to 7 cents.
Cotton hosiery which sold for $3 a dozen in
1860, and for $5 during the war, in 1867 could
be manufactured for $1 60 a dozen, a reduc-
tion of nearly one half.
The price of brown cotton goods in 1816 was
30 cents per yard; in 1819, 21 cents; in 1825,
13 cents; in 1829, 8| cents; and in 1843, 6j
cents per yard.
The average price of print cloths in 1825
was 23.07 cents; in 1830, 16.36 cents ; in 1835,
16 04 cents; in 1840, 12.09 cents; in 1845,
10 90 cents; in 1850, 9.24 cents; and in 1855,
9.15 cents per yatd.
The heavy domestic cottons have to a con-
siderable extent superseded the foreign article.
Mixed fabrics of cotton and wool have been re.
