3048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
duced in price from 40 to 20 cents. Blankets
which before the war sold for $12 50 a pair, in
1867 sold for $5. Two-ply carpeting Has been
reduced from 90 cents to 70 cents a yard in
1867, and three-ply from $1 30 to 95 cents.
There has been a reduction in the cost of woolen
cloths between 1860 and 1869, of sixteen per
cent., and reliable returns from one of the
largest woolen mills in the country show an
increase in wages during the same period of
thirty-seven per cent, for female operators and
fifty per cent, for male operators.
1 might, Mr. Chairman, in this way go
through the list of manufactures of iron and
other materials which have been started into
life and have been developed by the protec-
tion which they have received from the duty
imposed upon the foreign product, and show
that the result has been an improvement in
the quality and a reduction in the price of the
article which had been previously imported.
But the articles of domestic production to
which I have referred are sufficient to estab-
lish the fact. And yet the gentlemen who
assert that the consumer pays to the manu-
facturer the duties thus imposed, entirely ig-
nore this fact, as well as the important benefit
which is derived from having a home market
for the products of the soil which these indus
tries create. It is evident that any estimate
in this respect which does not take into Con-
sideration these facts, must be not only unre-
liable, but illusory and deceptive.
I hoped to say a word in regard to the oper-
atives in the workshops of New England, and
especially of those in the State of Rhode Island,
but 1 must not trespass upon the time of the
chairman of the committee.
[Here the hammer fell.]
MISSSAdK KltOM THE SKNATJ4.
Heie the committee rose informally, and the
Speakerjwo tempore having resumed the chair,
a message fiom the Senate by Mr. Sympson,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed, wir.hout amendment, a bill (H. R.
No. 2G24) to provide for the removal of the
Kansas tribe of Indians to the Indian terri-
tory, and to dispose of their lands in Kansas
to actual settlers.
The. message further announced tliat the
Senate had adopted the report of the third
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. ii.
No. 1060) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,
1873, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, with amendments, in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House, the bill (H. Ii. No. 1666) to establish
certain post roads.
TARIFF.
The Committee of the Whole resumed its
session.
Mr. DAWES. I now ask that the first and
formal reading of this bill in Committee of
the Whole be dispensed with.
No objection was made.
Mr. T>AWES. Mr. Chairman, I must in
the outset invoke the paiience of the Commit-
tee of the Whole, for, in rising to close an
exhausting and an exhausted debate upon a
subject of itself intrinsically dry and uninter-
esting I find that I have been unable, in the
preparation of all that I might desire to say,
to bring myself within even the compass pre-
scribed by the rule.
Among tbe many problems which con-
fronted this Administration on coming into
power demanding a solution none was more
formidable than that in which the finances of
the nation Bad been involved by the war. A
national debt of $2,700,000,000 had been suf-
fered to hang over the nation for nearly four
years since" the close of the war, with only
$13,665,668 of principal paid during all that
time. An annual interest account of $128,-
502,102 24, and an additional current expend-
iture averaging during that time §179,271,680,
made an annual draft upon the Treasury of
$307,773,782 24, to be met by internal taxes
and customs duties. Taxes annually collected
off the industries of the country and the direct
earnings of the people had, during those
years of peace, averaged $162,194,491,29; and
the customs revenues had, during the same
period, reached a like average of $193,691,;
069 70. Legal-tender notes, a necessity of
the war, outliving the purpose of their cre-
ation, had supplanted the constitutional cur-
rency of the nation, inflating prices, swelling
and disturbing the currents of trade, and over-
turning all ordinary modes of living and pur-
suit. The medium of exchange in which this
great people were left to transact all their vast
business concerns was permitted according to
the standard by which the rest of the world
measured values to sink sometimes as low as
thirty-five hundredths, and never to rise higher
higher thau seventy-one hundredths.
There had been no attempt to grapple with
any of the many and difficult questions this
condition of things involved. The nation was
without a policy in respect to the public debt.
Whether it should be transmitted to posterity
for liquidation, or, like the British debt, be suf-
fered to fasten itself upon the future of the
nation, in either case rolling its ever recurring
burden of interest into the yearly budget, or
whether it should be manfully met by the gen-
eration that incurred it with the same unflinch-
ing courage through which it came, had hardly
been debated. Whether the evils of a debased
and debasing currency were to become perma-
nent or pass away had not been determined,
nor whether extravagant expenditures and
large interest accounts should continue to de-
mand and the people be required hereafter to
bear the burdensome exactions of internal
taxes and exorbitant rates of customs duties
which the war had required, and up to that
time the nation had found no way to shake off
or lighten.
This was the financial problem inherited
by this Administration only three years ago.
In boldly meeting its responsibilities and
woiking out its solution $300,000,000 of the
public debt has been extinguished, on May
1, $327,719,810 29; and nearly as much
more refunded at five and four and a half per
cent., saving annually between two and three
million dollars of interest, and ultimately
$20,000,000, besides making possible the fund-
ing of $1,000,000,000 more at a still lower rate
and larger saving. The premium .upon gold
has been reduced from thirty-nine to ten.
while internal taxes have been reduced from
$310,906,984 17 to $132,011,176 24, and .cus-
toms duties diminished $30,000,000.
While applying annually from the current
receipts of the Government $100,000,000 to
the extinguishment of the public debt, econ-
omy in expenditures and fidelity in collection
have enabled the Government within the last
two years to relieve the business pursuits of
the nation from internal taxes to the amount
annually of $55,000,000, and to repeal cus-
toms dutiesamounting eachyearto $30,000,000,
and at the same time to meet every demand on
the Treasury and still retain an abundant bal-
ance for any unlooked for emergency. But so
wise had been the policy under which these
immense sums had been annually collected to
meet the unexampled demands consequent
upon the war, and so little had taxation, prop-
erly adjusted, crippled energy or stifled devel-
opment, that, spite of reductions in taxes and
custom duties, amounting m the aggregate to
$85,000,000, the Treasury fouud its receipts
in the very next year greater than ever; and
the President in his last animal message called
the attention of Congress to this gratifying
condition of the Treasury, and the opportunity
it afforded for a further reduction of burdens
without impairing the credit or crippling the
business of the country, and at the same time
maintaining the fixed policy ofhis administra-
tion—that of the ultimate and early extinction
of the public debt. He says, with unques-
tioned wisdom:
" I recommend that all taxes from mternaAsources
be abolished, except those collected from
ous, vinous, aud m«.lt liquors, tobacco in its various
forms, aud from stamps.
In readjusting the tarin i suggest that a careful
estimate be made of the amount of surplus revenue
collected under the present laws, after providing for
the current expenses of the Government, the inter-
est account, and a sinking fund, and that this sur-
plus be reduced m such a manner as to afford the
greatest relief to the greatest number."
The Secretary of the Treasury, with the
data at his command, presents in his last
annual report the same considerations more
fully arid elaborately, pointing to the fact that,
notwithstanding the great repeal of taxeu and
duties by the last Congress, the estimates dis-
closed a surplusof receipts over expenditures,
after payment of the interest on the public
debt, of $85,974,226 01, from which the sink-
ing fund required $28,679,263, leaving undis-
posed of $57,294,903. He said:
" The revenues for the year 1871, and the jeceipts
since the 1st of July last, show that the time has ar-
rived when a considerableiurther reduction in taxes
oun be made, and yet leave the Government in a
po&ition to pay at leabt $50,000,000 annually of the
principal of the public debt, including the amount
pledged through the sinking fund. In my annual
report to Congress lor 1870, I expressed the opinion
that the settled policy of the country should eon-
template a revenuo sufficient to meet the ordinary
expenses of the Government, pay the interest on the
public debt, and from twenty-five to fitty million
dollars or the principal annually."
And recurring to the subject again, he nays:
" In the suggestions I have the honor to make in
reference to the reduction of taxes, I keep iu view
two important facts: hrst, that the ability ol' the
nation to pay at least fiity millions annually of the
puncipai of the public debt shall not be impaired;
and, secondly, that in the change of the reverne
system no violence shall be done to the busineui
interests of the country. While I do not undertake
to state precisely the causes which have contributed
to the public prosperity, there is no substantial rea-
son for questioning thetiuthof the statement that
the last few years have hoen the most prosperous in
the history of the country; years without example
in our own affairs, and without parallel m the artairs
of any other Government.
"It is practicable to dispense with all revenue
from internal sources except that derived from
btaiups, spuits, tobacco, and malt liquors."
The receipts thus far of the present fiscal
year, now more than nine months elapsed,
being $280,724,754 49, show that the cautious
estimate of the Secretary of the Treasury will
fall far short of the fact, and that, at existing
rates of receipt, if there be no change in the
tax or tariff laws, there will be more than
$100,000,000 instead of $86,000,000 in the
coming year beyond current expenses at the
disposal of the Treasury.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentlemau from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] will please sus-
pend until order is restored in the Hall.
Several Members. Will the Chair state
what has caused this commotion in the House ?
The CHAIRMAN. The information is that
Horace Greeley has been nominated at Cin-
cinnati. [Laughter, j
Mr. HOAR. Is it in order to congratulate
the House on this great triumph of the prin-
ciples of protection?
Mr. KANDALL. He is an honest man,
anyhow.
The CHAIIiMAN. Gentlemen will please
resume their seats and suspend conversation.
The Chair desires to say to the committee that
he has not the power like the Speaker to com-
pel the preservation of order among members,
but he must rely upon the disposition of gen-
tlemen to preserve order. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] is entitled to be
heard. The Chair must request gentlemen in
the rear of the seats to desist from conversa-
tion, or retire to the cloak-rooms.
Mr. DAWES. After the announcement that
has been made I do not know that there is any
occasion for me to further advocate the prin*
