2152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
Mr. STEWART. I ask unanimous con-
sent after the morning business to have the
vote taken. I have nothing to say about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a memo-
rial and resolution of the Legislature of Iowa,
in relation to the Niagara Falls ship-canal;
which was referred to the Committee ou Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present a petition of a
large number of highly respectable and benev-
olent people of Minnesota, who set forth that a
desolating famine exists in many districts of
the Persian nation; that thousands have already
died, and thousands more must soon perish if
succor is not speedily rendered ; that the Per-
sian Government cannot or will not afford the
necessary assisiance, and that the necessity
for foreign relief is most urgent. They say
''the magnitude of the calamity, the great dis-
tance between them and us, and the difficul-
ties of communication, are such as to prevent
private benevolence, unaided, from effectually
reaching them." They therefore respectfully
petition Congress to adopt such measures as
they may think best to bring the subject be-
fore the public mind, and provide ways and
means for collecting and disbursing the chari-
ties of the benevolent who may wish to remem-
ber them in their adversity. I do not know
to what committee this would properly belong,
?robably the Committee on Foreign Relations,
move its reference to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
John Foster, of Calhoun county, Alabama,
praying the removal ofhis political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented a petition
of citizens of Norwich, Connecticut, praying
for an appropriation to remove a shoal called
the middle ground in the river Thames, for the
purpose of improving tho navigation of that
river; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce-
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented a
memorial of oflicers of the Army of the United
States, praying the passage of a law to equal-
ize their promotions in the several arms of
the service; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying that no bill may be
passed to resetve exclusively for settlement
under the homestead law the land included
in the St. Croix land grant; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
. Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition of citi-
zens of Iowa City, Iowa, praying that Maria
Haurmer be allowed compensation for services
as nurse during the late rebellion, and that she
be granted other relief; which was referred
to the'Committee on Military Affairs. .
Mr. CitAGIN presented the petition of
John Dunsmoorand Epliraiin Putnam, soldiers
in the war of 1812, praying to be allowed pen-
sions ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Ho also presented tho petition of Ebenezer
Mitchell, of Cornish, New Hampshire, pray-
ing for a pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. KELLOGG presented five petitions of
citizens of Louisiana, praymg that the pro-
visions of an act to enforce the rights of citi-
zens of the United States to vote in the sev-
eral States of the Union, and for other pur-
poses, be extended over that State ; which was
referred to the Committee on Privileges and
Elections.
Mr. HARLAN presented the petition of
Sarah A. Monroe, praying compensation for
the services of her late husband as hospital
chaplain ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Utica, Illinois, engaged in the manu-
facture of earthenware, stoneware, &c., re-
monstrating against the proposed reduction
of the duty on earthenware and stoneware;
also praying the enactment of a law imposing
a specific duty of seven dollars per ton on all
foreign earthenware, stoneware, clay drain or
sewer-pipes, and chimney-flues, and a duty of
nine dollars per ton on the bends, branches,
and other fittings of such pipes and flues, and
a duty of ten dollars per ton on all foreign
clay chimney tops ; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. BLAIR presented the petitions of Albon
S. Payne, of Fauquier county, Virginia, and
of George J. Dobbs, of Mecklenburg county,
Virginia, praying the removal of their polit-
ical disabilities; which were referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, late soldiers of the United
States Army, praying the passage of a law
at an early day making an equitable equaliza-
tion of the bounties of all soldiers, sailors,
and marines who served honorably and faith-
fully during any period of the war ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. WINDOM presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, late soldiers of the Army
of the United States, praying legislation to
give all soldiers, sailors, and marines who
served honorably and were discharged after
suck service, and their heirs, if deceased,
$8 38J per month for the time served, deduct-
ing Government bounty heretofore paid;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. CONKLING presented the memorial
of George Savage, son and heir, and for the
coheirs of Timothy Savage, late of Middle-
town, Connecticut, deceased, praying indem-
nity for spoliations committed by the French
between the years 1VJ'3 and 1801; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Emily
Agnel, praying reimbursement for moneys ex-
pended by her late husband in the erection of
additional quarters at West Point; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER presented two nieraoiials of
citizens of the United States, remonstrating
against the extension of the patent of A. 13.
Wilson for a feeding motion to sewing ma-
chines; which were referred to the Committee
on Patents.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer a protestofthe
Boston Eight-Hour League. which is duly signed
by their president, George E. McNeill, and their
secretary, Mary B. Steward, against the repeal
or amendment of the national eight hour law.
They sot forth their reasons at length against
the proposed repeal or amendment, and among
other things insist that the experiment that has
been begun should be continued to the end, so
that the real character of this proposed change
should be understood. 1 believe that question
is pending before the Committee ou Finance.
The VICE PRESIDEN I'. The Chair thinks
the Committee on Education and Labor, but
is not certain.
Mr. SUMNER. I move the reference of
this protest to the Committee on Education
and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE presented the memorial of C. P.
Huntington, president of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company, submitting petitions of
California in favor of a change of the line of
that road ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad.
PAPI5KS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ordered, That the papers relating to the claim of
the heirs of General William lxdf.es for personal
property lost on tho steamer S.m EVanciseo m 18(53,
and for arrears of pay, be taken from the ino- ot the
Senate and relerred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions to report adversely upon
the bill (H. R. No. 1334) for the relief of J.
W. Quinn. This excellent old gentleman is
like all others who have served in the civil and
military service and has got old. He does not
stand within the principle of any law granting
pensions, and we are therefore obliged to report
against the bill.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee ou Pensions to report adversely upon
the petition of Sarah M. Dove, praying for an
increase of pension. That falls within the
principle we have decided over and over again.
Tho committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee ask
to be discharged from the consideration of the
resolutions of the Legislature of Iowa recom-
mending an increase of the pension of Charlotte
D. Crocker. This ease falls within the ordin-
ary principle of merely increasing a pension,
which we cannot do.
The committee was discharged from the
farther consideration of the resolutions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The same committee also
report adversely upon the petition of soldiers
and sailors of the war of the rebellion, pray-
ing that the name of Patrick Brennan be placed
upon the invalid pension-roll. It appears from
the statement of the petition that this soldier
received his injury after he had left the mili-
tary service, and was engaged in private em-
ployment.
The committee was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The committee also re-
port adversely upon the petition of Margaret
Jeron, asking an ears of pension on the ground
already stated frequently.
The committee was discharged from the
farther considcaiion of the petition.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 8G8) granting a pension to Rosanna Quinn,
reported adversely thereon, and moved its
indefinite postponement; which was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 842) to authorize the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Mississippi river,
at or near the city of Red Wing, m the State
of Minnesota, and to establish it as a post road,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. MORTON, from the Committee on
Privileges arid Klections, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 1048) supplemental to and
amendatory of an act entitled ''An act to pre-
scribe the mode of obtaining evidence in ca«es
of contested elections," appioved Februaiy
19, 1851. reported it with an amendment.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Rose
Pitchcy, of Cumberland county, Kentucky,
have had the same under consideration. The
petition is indorsed as a prayer that she be
allowed a pension, but upon examination of
the petition 1 discover that it is a prayer for a
bpunty out cf which she has been swindled by
a claim agent. The committee therefore direct
mc to repoit the petition back, asking'to be
discharged from its further consideiation, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The report was agreed to.
_ Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred a petition of sol-
diers of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, praying for
an increase of the pensions of totally dis-
abled boldiers, submitted an adverse report.;
which was ordered to be printed, and the com-
mittee was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Elizabeth S.
Lathrop, widow of Captain Solon H. Lathrop,
