mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January XI,
Mr. DAWES. I hope my colleague will
also tell where these islands are.
Mr. BANKS. Bead first sections one and
two from the law of 1865.
The Clerk read as follows :
"1. When any citizen or citizens of the United States
may have discovered or shall hereafter discover a
deposit of guuno on any island, rook, or key not
within the lawful jurisdiction of any other Govern-
ment, and not occupied by the citizens of any other
government, and shall take peaceable possession
thereof and occupy the same, said island, rock, or
key mav, at the discretion of the President of the
United States, be considered as appertaining to the
United States: Provided, however, That notice be
given by such discoverer or discoverers as soon as
practicable to the State Department of the United
States of such discovery, occupation, and possession,
verified by affidavit, describing such island, rock, or
key, and the latitude and longitude thereof, as near
ae may be, and showing that such possession was
taken in the name of the United States, and that
satisfactory evidence be furnished to the State De-
partment that such island, rock, or key was not, at
the time of the discovery thereof, or of the taking
possession and occupation thereof by the claimants,
in the possession or occupation of any other Govern-
ment or of the citizens of any other Government.
" 2. The said discoverer or discoverers, or his, or
their assigns, being citizens of the United States, may
be allowed, at the pleasure of Congress, the exclusive
right of occupying said island, roeks 0' keys, for the
purpose of obtainin g said guano, and of selling and
delivering the same to citizens of tlieUnued States,
for the purpose of bein^ used therein, and may be
allowed to charge and receive for every ton thereof
delivered alongside a vessel in proper tubs, within
reach of ship's tackle, a sum not exceeding eight
dollars per ton for the best quality, or four dollars per
ton in its native placeof deposit: Provided, however.
That no guano shall be taken irom said island, rock,
ork':y excepifor the useof thecitizensof theUnited
Stares, or of persons resident therein as aforesaid:
And provided also, That said discoverer or discov-
erers, or his, or their assigns, shall first enter ujto
bonds, with such penalties or securities a? may bo re-
quired by the President, to deliver the said guano to
citizens of theUnited States, for the purpose of being
used therein, and to none others, and at the price
aforesaid, and to provide all necessary facilities for
that purpose, within a time to be fixed in said bond.
And any breach of the provisions thereof shall be
taken and deemed a forfeiture of all rig'ns accruing
under and by virtue of this act."
Mr. BANKS. I now ask the Clerk to read
the law of 1866.
The Clerk read as follows :
"1. So much of an act entitled 'An act to authorize
protection to be given to citizens of theUnited States
who may discover deposits of guano,' approved Au-
gust 18.1S5G, as prohibits the export tm-roof, is hereby
suspended in relation to all persons who have com-
plied with the provisions of section second of said
act, forfiveyearsfrom and after the lith day of Juiy,
1867."
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, the Committee
on Foreign Affairs has carefully considered this
question. Iwish the House to understand that
the bill which is proposed make3 no change in
the laws of the United States on this subject,
except so far as to include the widow, heirs,
administrators, and executors in the privileges
of a deceased discoverer, whatever they i:>ay
have been. We do not change the existing
law, except to allow the widow, the ii-irs. the
administrator, or executor the same piiv'leges
under the law which the discoverer or his as-
signs might have had. We p*opr.se a suspen-
sion of the prohibition in the law of 1866 for ten
years from 1867. instead of live years, on the
ground that the five years had already elajpsed;
because, otherwise, if we gave to the heirs in
this case the privileges which the discoverer or
his assigns wonld have, they <vould still have no
benefit from the suspension of the prohibit on.
My colleague [Mr. Dawes] has asked me
where the islands in question are. As the
Committee on Foreign Affaiis have had this
matter under consideration this morning, we
are able to answer that question. They are
in the Pacific ocean. [Laughter.] The lati-
tude and longitude are defined in tiie records
of the State Department. We have not had
time to send for these records, and therefore
I cannot give the precise location. The two
principal islands are Johnson's island and
Ayres's isla nds , and the latitude and 1 ongitude
of all of them are given.
Mr._ CONGER. _ The gentleman states that
these islands are in the Pacific ocean. Are
they there or thereabout? [Laughter.]
Mr. BANKS, They are theie according to
the information given to us. The provision
of the bill is a general one. It does not refer
to these islands in particular, or these claim-
ants in particular. It is simply an admission
of the widow and heirs of the deceased dis-
coverer to the privileges he would have had
with regard to the islands he had discovered,
whatever those privileges may be. Now, it is
impossible for us to conceive of any right which
should belong to a discoverer or his assigns
which should not belong to his widow and his
heirs, in case of the decease of the discoverer,
where no assignment has boen made. It is this
simple and single question that we reportto
the House, and I hope the House wi'l acco'rd
its assent to a measure of simple justice.
ily friend from California [Mr. Sargent-]
desires to make a statement, and I yield to him
for that purpose.
Mr. SARGENT. This claim was before the
last Congress. It was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and a laborious investi-
gation of the whole matter was undertaken by
that committee. Suffice it to say that the
committee made an unfavorable report on the
claim. Amoug other things shown was this :
that the husband of the claimant during his
lifetime had sold for a valuable consideration
all his interest in these islands to a guano com-
pany, which ever since has been in possession
of them and working them, and which has
invested a large amount of money there in
carrying on the business of removing the guano.
It did not appear to the committee that,, not-
withstanding the sale made by her husband
during his lifetime, she ought to come in and
be his heir in those islands. In other words,
they did not see that she had auy rights there
whatever. And now this proposition comes
up that the widows of the discoverers of guano
islands shall have the same rights which their
husbands, who discovered the islands, had in
them.
I would like to make one additional remark
as to the right of this guano company. The
whole question was examined before the State
Department, and the evidence taken for and
against the claim, and also with regard to the
claim of the guano company. The result was,
that, by proclamation of the State Depart-
ment, the rights of the company were fully
recognized, and they were confirmed, under
seal of the United States, in their possessory
rights. As to the claimant, the committee, as
I have said, failed to see that she had any claim
to these islands.
This bill seems to have been brought for-
ward and reportedbythe Committee on Foreign
Affairs for the purpose of extending to the
widow the rights her husband had as the dis-
coverer of a guano island. I do not object to
the general principle that the widow should
inhetit from the husband, but I think it well
that this statement should be made to the
House in order that it maj not be concluded,
if the House passes the bill, that they thereby
sanction a claim which has been once passed
on and rejected by the State Department. A
company have been in peaceable possession of
these islands for years past and before the
dentil of this man, and they ought not to be
disturbed by the effect of this legislation. I
think myself, that, coming from the source
which it does, confessedly at the instigation of
Mrs. Parker, it is better that the bill should
not pass, but if it does pass, it ought not to do
so without such a statement as lhave made.
Mr. BANKS. There is no intention on the
part of the committee to give any claimant,
under the bill reported, rights which belongto
another person. If there was any assignment
many case it comes under the provisions of
this bill, and the rights of the widow, or heirs,
or executors, or administrator, would be sec-
ondary to that assignment. I do not conceive
that there could be any objection made to an
amendment that should recognize the right of
an assignee in such a case ; but inasmuch as it is
a bill of general legislation, Inere is no neces-
sity for such a provision as that at all, because
the law gives the right first to the discoverer,
and then to the assignee; but if the discoverer
shall have deceased, and. there shall be no as-
signee, then it passes to the widow, or heirs, or
executors, or administrators. I think, there-
fore, that the objections interposed by the
gentleman from California do not apply to this
case. I should be willing, however, to accept
an amendment that should effect the purpose
he desires, although I do not think it neces
sary, because there is no intention to give,
nor are there any words in the bill reported
by the committee which give to the widow or
heirs any rights which could be claimed by an
assignee.
The only question for the House to determ-
ine is whether the discoverer having deceased
without an assignee, his widow and heirs shall
take the rights which he had himself; and it
strikes me there can be no possible objection
to that.
I will now yield to the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sheli.abarger] for a question.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to make
a statement, not to ask a question.
Mr. BANKS. Very well; I yield to the
gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. This matter has
been before the Committee on Commerce so
far as it relates to the claim of Mrs. Parker,
alluded to by the gentleman from California.
My object in rising is simply to make a cor-
rection of what I understand to be a misap-
prehension on the part of some of the mem-
bers around me. It is not, attempted by tliis bill
to legislate anybody out of or into any rights
whatever, excepting this only: that if, by the
law of 1856,a discoverer dying, his family and
estate would lose the rights which attached by
virtue of discovery, then this law is simply to
cure that defect of the law of 18o6, and to let
the estate pass to those who would be the heirs
according to the law of the place of residence
of the discoverer. For instance, if the dis-
coverer be a citizen of New York, then the
law will simply give whatever rights would
have descended had the party been fully
invested with his rights of discovery before
hii death to those who would have them by
the laws or' New York. It has no other effect.
It does not affect Mrs. Parker's case, or the
case of anybody else, excepting to the effect I
have stated.
Mr. BANKS. That was the understanding
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
I now yield for a few minutes to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Potter ]
Mr. POTTER. I desire to offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the end of the
first section:
Nothing in this act shall impair or affect the right
of any assignee of a discoverer, nor revive rights
which have already been passed upon and determ-
ined by the Government.
Mr. Speaker, in the last Congress there was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, of
which I was a member, a bill which hud passed
the Senate for the relief of Mrs. Harriet E.
Parker, in respect of certain guano inlands in
the Pacific. That bill was referred by the
committee to me, and I made a report upon it
which was printed, and which I hold in my
hand. If this bill is intended to restore the
rights of that lady, as I understand from the
gentleman from California that it is—and I be-
lieve there has been no new discovery of guano
of late years calling for congressional action,
so that I am unable to understand for what
other purpose than to aid this claim of Mrs.
Parker this bill should be reported from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs—if, I say, this
bill is intended to aid the rights of that lady,
then I beg the House to listen to what I under-
stand to be the facts in her case.
Her husband claimed, while making a voy-
age, to have discovered certain guano islands
in the Pacific ocean, but having afterward
learned that Congress gave preemption orval-
