&944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I hope there will
be unanimous consent to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I want to know what it
means first. That part of it which seems to
be operative says, "on the bill and amend-
ments five-minutes debate by any one Sena-
tor." Does that mean five minutes once to be
occupied on the whole bill and all the amend-
ments, or five minutes on each amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN. On each amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If that is understood, I
have, no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I was about to call atten-
tion to the discrepancy between the resolution
as read and as I find it in the Globe. In the
Globe it is:
That debate on amendments to House bill No.
2322 be limited to five minutes by any Senator, and
that no amendment to said bill shall be in order
unless germane to the subjeet-matter of said bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sen-
ator that I offered it in this shape in order to
conform to the precedent of two years ago,
because if the tariff bill be taken up by para-
graphs and every paragraph is debated by
itself, as a matter of course that ought to be
sufficient.
Mr. SUMNER. But one may wish to de-
bate the whole bill as well.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think anybody
will.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask whether it is advis-
able for us to adopt any rule of that kind?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am quite willing to
waive that, right myself, and I have as good a
right as any one to debate the whole bill, as I
have charge of the bill. I will waive that right,
anii I hope every Senator will do the same.
This is proposed as an arrangement among
ourselves, and 1 hope it will be agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not think that sucha
rule as broad as that ought to be assented to.
I should have no hesitation in assenting to the
rule as originally introduced by the Senator,
that debate on amendments shall be limited to
five minutes. I should not withhold my assent
to that; but beyond that it seems to me it will
be a departure from the usage of the Senate
and contrary to correct principles.
Mr, SHERMAN. This very resolution in
the very words in which it is now written was
adopted two years ago by the unanimous vot.e
of the Senate, that debate on the bill and
amendments should be limited to five minutes.
Mr, SUMNER. Then there was an error,
I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be objection to the unanimous consentasked
by the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall make no objec-
tion to the rule as introduced by the Senator
yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Ohio
to proceed to the consideration of the resolu-
tion reported yesterday from the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator from
Massachusetts, for the public good, will with-
draw his solitary objection.
Mr. SUMNER. Itisnot my solitary objec-
tion. There are other Senators who have that
objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; then I insist
on my motion.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Would it
be in order to move to proceed to the consid-
eration of the adjournment resolution?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would not,
because the pending motion is unamendable.
It is an independent motion, and must be
put as stated. The question is on proceeding
to the consideration of the resolution of the
Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be reported. The Senator from Ohio pro-
poses to modify it, as he has a right now to do,
and it will be reported as modified.
The Chief- Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That debate on House bill No. 2322 and
amendments thereto be limited to five minutes by
any Senator, and no amendments to said bill shall
be in order unless germane to the subject-matter of
said bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to occupy
a moment of time more than to inquire, in the
first place, whether it is competent -to limit
debate in that way by such an order without a
change of the rules of the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is by the reso-
lution lying over one day, as this resolution
has done under the rule.
Mr. THURMAN. As modified, has it laid
over one day?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have a right to modify it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. After it comes
up, when it is before the Senate, and no vote has
beenhadupon.it, and it has not been amended,
or the yeas and nays called upon it, the Sen-
ator offering it has a right to modify it.
Mr. THURMAN. Once more I have only
to say that I am very much opposed to seeing
such a limitation passed by a bare majority in
the Senate, affording a precedent to do it on
any and every bill, while on the other hand
such a rule by unanimous consent is entirely
unobjectionable, for the rights of the minority
are then fully protected. I appeal to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to withdraw his ob-
jection and let us make this by unanimous
consent, instead of establishing these prece-
dents, which are growing in frequency, of lim-
iting debate by order of a majority of the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I have already said that I
would make no objection to the rule as moved
by the Senator from Ohio yesterday; but it
seems to me that as modified to-day it is a
departure from correct principle.
Mr. THURMAN. Then the only effect of
the Senator's objection is that the majority
of the Senate will force that rule upon us, and
we have another precedent set of the kind
that the Senator and I deprecate so much,
whereas if it is by unanimous consent, there
is no such precedent set and the rights of the
minority are protected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the resolution.
Mr. POOL. I call for the yeas and nays on
that question.
The ypas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone
the further consideration of this resolution
until the first Monday of December next.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois moves to indefinitely postpone
this resolution. That is the effectof a motion
to postpone to the first Monday of December.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I re-
gard this resolution as but one of a series of
measures of an aggressive character which
have been pressed during the last year or two,
and which are calculated to change and are
daily changing the character of our Govern-
ment. One of the causes which have led to
the present agitaiion in the country and the
disruption of parties is to be found in the at-
tempts which from time to time have had their
origin in the Senate to establish despotic rule
and party intolerance, and to arrogate to the
Senate and the Government powers never
contemplated to be exercised by the framers
of the Constitution.
From the origin of the Government debate
has been free in this body; but within the last
few years attempts have from time to time been
made to put those who did not agree with the
dictation of some caucus, under the control
of the majority of the dominant; party, but of
really a minority of the Senate. A few mem-
bers of the Senate making use of party organ-
ization seek to control first a majority of the
members belonging to that organization and
then of the Seriate ; and, sir. an attempt is
made to control the country in the same way.
Representatives of the people and Representa-
tives of the States, instead of votiug their own
convictions, are to be coerced by party disci-
pline and party machinery to vote as they
shall be dictated to. If the political move-
ments now transpiring in the country shall
have the effect of emancipating not only the
Representatives of the people, but, the people
themselves from a despotism which is as ex-
acting as ever was that of the slave-master
over his slave, so that Senators and Repre-
sentatives shall vote their convictions, instead
of voting as party requirements dictate, a great
good will have been gained.
I need not say to Senators, you all know it;
in private conversations many of you will ad-
mit it, that you have from time to time voted
here not as you would have voted if left free
to act as individual Senators. Now, sir, there
is a movement to establish an absolute rule in
the Senate of the United States for the first
time to limit debate upon a great measure, a
measure affecting the material interests ol this
country more perhaps than any other, to five
minutes. A measure affecting not, only the
collection of duties and the tariff, but also
our internal revenues and the whole financial
system of the Government, is to be rushed
through this body without consideration. A
bill that has come to us from the other House,
where, as appears by the newspapers, that por-
tiou of it relating to internal revenue was
passed without discussion, without considera-
tion, is to be put through this body also under
a five minutes rule. To what are we coming?
The rule that is now offered shows the
gradual encroachments of power. 'Ihe Sen-
ator from Ohio said that a similar rule was
adopted two years ago. 1 should be glad to
see the similar rule that was adopted two
years ago. I have no recollection of any such
rule adopted at any time, and I now call upon
the Senator from Ohio to produce it., and I
give way for that purpose. I shall be aston-
ished if such a rule was adopted in thjs body
two years ago.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not like this way
of the Senator from Illinois ; it is never done
by any other Senator—calling upon a Senator
to appear now and he will give way to have
him answer an interrogation. That is not the
way we are in the habit of addressing each
other. I will say there is such a rule, and it
was adopted under these circumstances in
regard to the last tariff bill that passed this
body. A rule was adopted reported from the
Committee on Finance, and then afterward,
at the suggestion I think of the Senator from
Illinois himself, who said he would prefer as
a matter of precedent that it should not be
entered on the Journal, but that it should
be adopted by unanimous consent, it was read
and adopted by unanimous consent, but not
to be entered on th§ Journal. That is pre-
cisely the course we have adopted in regard to
this rule; and if the Senator from Massachu-
setts would give way now and waive the right
to make a speech on this tariff bill, or a speech
on some matter that does not pertain to it,
there is no trouble in having this adopted by
unanimous consent; hut as the Senator ftotn
Massachusetts refuses to give way, and the
Senator from Illinois thinks we ought not to
j>ut this on the Journal, as they stand on punc-
tilios, as a matter of course there is no way
but for the majority of the Senate to do what-
ever they thmk is right under the circum-
stances
Mr. TRUMBULL. The statement of the
Senator from Ohio discloses that a very differ-
ent thing was done two years ago from that
which is sought to be accomplished now. It
has been rio unusual thing in the Senate, by
the unanimous consent of its members, to
allow a vote to b« taken at a fixed time, and
Senators have voluntarily said that they would
abstain from debating questions with a view
of obtaining an early decision. That was d^ne
two years ago. That might be done now. But
the Senator now seeks to go further; and this
shows how majorities go forward step by step
