1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
42d Cong....2d Sess.
American Citizens Abroad—Mr. Wood.
Ho. op Eeps.
toration of his property, which has been confis-
cated to the use of the Spanish Government-
Mr. WOOD said:
Mr. Speaker : In the conduct of our public
affairs, no department challenges the attention
of the world so much as that which relates to
the management of our relations with foreign
Governments. In the estimation of other na-
tions, our power, intelligence, and importance
is very much regulated and measured by the
vigor, firmness, and tone with which our for-
eign policy is conducted. As a man is never
accepted by his fellows at a higher estimate
than his own of himself, so do nations never
regard each other at a higher standard, either
morally, intellectually, or courageously, than
they choose to assert for themselves. From
the first formation of civilization into compact,
distinct nationalities, the flag, as the represent-
ative and emblem of the nation, has been held
sacred and not to be insulted. Upon the
slightest indignity to this, however accidental
or trivial, the laws of nations have ever de-
manded explanation, apology, or war. If this
importance is universally given to the emblem,
how much greater should it be when attached
to the personal representative of the Govern-
ment itself? In monarchical or imperial gov-
ernment, the citizen is the subject, or depend-
ent upon the government; but here he is part
of the government itself. He not only repre-
sents the sovereign, but he is a part of the sov-
ereignty, embodying and impersonating in his
inviduality an integral portion of the highest
governing authority of the nation. Hence, an
offense against him is not only an offense
against the very essence and integrity of the
Government, but a part of the national sover-
eignty, which demands prompt and summary
action at the hands of those who, at the time,
are clothed with official authority in upholding
and vindicating that sovereignty.
In reference to the conduct of our foreign
affairs I am entirely conservative. I believe
it to be not only the interest but the duty of
our Government to deal fairly and justly with
other nations, but also with a firm and dignified
determination to maintain integrity and honor
and to protect the persons and property of
all her citizens. I am one of those who would
demand nothing but what is right, and would
submit to nothing that is wrong.
If the mere emblem of nationality (the flag)
shall be held in respect, then certainly the
liberty and property of the individual is of
higher and graver importance. I repeat, that if
the subject of a monarch or of an emperor is
held to be under the protection of his Gov-
ernment everywhere, and if that be the fact
with reference to Governments of that char-
acter, how much more is it required of our
Republic, where the citizen is a sovereign,
where he not only comprehends within his
own person the embodiment and imperson-
ation of the sovereign power and authority of
the Government, but where he is himself a
portion and an integral portion of the Gov-
ernment "itself. Therefore it is that when
the person or the property of an American
citizen is wronged or injured by any foreign
king, or potentate, or Power, it is an act of
aggression against the whole American peo-
ple—not only against this Government, but
against every man, woman, and child within
the domain of the Republic.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in making a practical
application of this introduction, the question
very naturally and very pertinently arises as
to whether Dr. Houard, the person in ques-
tion, is or is not an American citizen. 1 am
veiy free to say that if I had any doubt as to
that I should not vote for this resolution. _ I
do not believe that any man who voluntarily
expatriates himself from his country, goes into
a foreign country, and becomes by any act or
deed of his own a citizen of .that country, where
he has himself by his own free will sundered
all ties between his native and original Gov-
ernment and himself, can claim our protection.
I do not believe in that case we have the right
to throw the protective mantle of our author-
ity over him under circumstances of that char-
acter.
I go further: I do not believe that where a
citizen of the United States goes abroad and
violates the laws of other nations we have any
right to interfere. I believe that every man
traveling or residing in a foreign land is amen-
able or responsible to the laws of that land.
In the present instance the treaty defines the
rights of citizens of the two nations.
Under the seventh article of the treaty rati-
fied between the United States and Spain in
179o, we have the right, where an American
citizen is to be tried for an offense committed
against the laws of Spain, to claim that he
shall be tried according to the laws of Spain.
That implies that he is to be tried accord-
ing to civil law governing civil transactions
especially in times of peace, and not in time
of war.
Is Dr. Houard a citizen of the United
States? This is the first question.
This is a question to be determined, in my
judgment, upon the facts, and the facts upon
the proof. It is not to be settled by legal techni-
calities nor argument, nor upon judicial invest-
igation, but simply upon the record and facts.
Now for the facts which I intend to present
with reference directly and exclusively to that
point. I will not go outside of the official
record, but confine myself to the report of the
State Department, with the accompanying
correspendence and official papers sent to this
House by the President, to be found in Execu-
tive Document No. 223. On the 19th of March,
1872, the House of'Representatives applied to
the President to furnish it with all the inform-
ation he had in reference to this case.
The President replied to that communication
on the 28th of March, and sent to us the com-
munication to which I have referred. I pro-
pose to quote from this document to show what
in my judgment was really the political status
of Dr. Houard at the time of his arrest.
Dr. Houard was arrested in Cienfuegos,
Cuba, on the 13th of December, 1870, charged
with complicity in the rebellion, and was con-
fined in the common jail. Tho charge against
him was that hehad some years preceding that
period sold to the insurgents a box of homeo-
pathic medicines. It appears that in a rebel
camp there was found by the loyal troops a
box on which appeared the name of Dr. Hou-
ard. Upon no proof, and no evidence except
the fact of finding a box with his name upon
it, Dr. Houard was arrested and put in the
common jail on the 13th of December, 1870.
He remained thus confined until about the
17th of December, 1871. He remained in tho
common jail at Cienfuegos, in Cuba, from the
13th of December, 1870, till December 17,
1871, when he was tried by court-martial and
sentenced to eight years' imprisonment, and
the confiscation of all his property. He was
then sent to Havana as a common convict, his
beard and head shaven, put in the common
prison in chains, and confined with murder-
ers and others condemned to death. On the
15th of March, 1872, he was sent on board a
Spanish Government vessel lying in the har-
bor of Havana, about to sail for Spain; and
on that day he was placed in chains, and sent
to work out his sentence in a Spanish penal
colony on the Mediterranean sea, off Gibral-
tar, a colony called the island of Ceuta; and
it is believed he is now there working out his
sentence.
That is the history of the events that have
transpired since his arrest; and he is there
now at this moment among the most degraded
, and abandoned criminals, working out his
sentence of eight years' imprisonment in a
penal colony, after having been confined one
year in the common jail at Cienfuegos, Cuba;
making an imprisonment of nine years, in
addition to the confiscation of all his prop-
erty. That is the condition of this man, who
is nearly sixty years old at the time I am
speaking.
Now, sir, I desire to read from the official
documents as sent to us by the Secretary of
State. Mr. Biddle, the consul general of the
United States at Havana, addresses a com-
munication to Mr. Bancroft Davis, Assistant
Secretary of State, on the 20th of December,
1870, a portion of which I will read:
" Sir : I have the honor to transmit to you a copy
of a communication addressed to me from con-
sular agent of the United States at Cienfuegos,
dated the 15th instant, relative to the imprisonment
at that place of D. Juan Emilio Houard, a citizen
of the United States."
This comes from the consul general at Ha-
vana on the 20th of December, 1870, one year
before Dr. Houard was tried, convicted, and
sentenced.
This communication of Mr. Biddle inclosed,
a communication from the vice consul at Cien-
fuegos. After recapitulating the facts of the
arrest, he says:
"As Dr. Houard is a citizen of the United States,
and is thus vouched for, both as to loyalty and re-
spectability, I shall esteem it a favor if your Excel-
lency will cause early proceedings to beinstituted."
How the "early proceedings" asked for
were taken is shown by the fact that Dr.
Houard lay there one year before either the
Spanish Government tried him or the Gov-
ernment of the United States took any cogni-
zance whatever of his arrest and detention.
I will say in regard to this first communication,
that no notice whatever was taken of it by our
Government. Subsequently, a month after-
ward, on the 2Gth of January, 1871, the con-
sul general at Havana again addressed Mr.
Bancroft-Davis. He :
"Sir: Referring to my dispatch No. 331 relating
to the arrest and imprisonment at Cienfuegos of D.
Juan Emilio Houard, a citizen of the United States,
I have now the honor to transmit"—
Count De Valmaseda, the captain general'
of Cuba, when officially communicated with
by the consul general of the United States
at Havana, replied under date of January 20,
1871, as follows :
"In view of tho statements made in your commu-
nication of the 20th December, ultimo, in reference
to Mr. Juan Emilio Houard, detained at Cienfuegos,
on suspicion of connivance with the insurgents, X
have given orders to the commandant of operations
of the Cinco Villas to grant to Mr. Houard every
consideration due to foreigners."
Here is the captain general of Cuba offi-
cially, in a communication to the consul gen-
eral of the United States, virtually acknowl-
edging the citizenship of Dr. Houard, under
date of Jauuaiy 20, 1871, stating:
" I have given orders to the commander of oper-
ations of the Cinco Villas to grant to Mr. Houard
every consideration due to foreigners.''
Had there been any doubt as to the political
status of Dr. Houard with the captain general
of Cuba, who had pursued with fire and sword
American citizens fouud in arms against the
integrity of Spain, would he have given an
order as is here stated that Dr. Houard should
be treated with every consideration due to
foreigners?
The next step in the proof (circumstantial
though it may be) is the presentation to the
State Department of a memorial from the
leading citizens of Philadelphia. I quote:
"The undersigned respectfully call to your atten-
tion the case of Dr. J. E. Houard, a citizen of tha
United States residing in Cuba, and pray the inter-
vention of the Government in his behalf.
This paper came from the city in which Dr.
Houard was born and where his brother, sis-
ter, and nephews still reside. The presump-
tion is that they knew he was a citizen of the
United States when stating thus that he wast
