362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
cisely the same condition with the Committee
on Foreign Affairs; and while all of them, I
have no doubt, had business to report for the
action of the House, they were under the im-
pression they would not be reached during this
morning hour. I know that such was the
impression, and that many of the committees
were not prepared to make reports this morn-
ing, because it was generally believed the com-
mittee where the call rested would take up the
entire morning hour to-day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will make a
suggestion, which of course requires unani-
mous consent, and to which the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] will probably
object, as it will take the call of committees
away from the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The Chair, however, will suggest that, by
unanimous consent, on next Tuesday the call
of committees shall begin at the beginning.
Mr. BANKS. I do not think tbat would
be right. The Committee on Foreign Affairs
now has the floor in the morning hour, and I
do not wish any course to be taken which will
result in our losing our present opportunity.
We have the floor this morning because we
were the only committee ready to report, and
I do not think we ought to have our privilege
taken away from us.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to make a report from the Committee on the
Revision of the Laws.
Mr. WOOD. I demand the regular order
of business.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Most of the com-
mittees called this morning were in precisely
the same condition as the Committee on For-
eign Affairs. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs, the gentleman admits, is not ready
to go on with its business, and I do not see
why they should have a privilege which is not
accorded to other committees of this House.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness being called for, the Chair must, put the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. KERB. I hope before the question is
taken on the motion to adjourn that I may be
permitted to introduce a resolution in reference
to a contested-election ease.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness having been called for, the Chair cannot
entertain any motion.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
72, noes 70.
Mr. BANKS. I demand the yeas and nays,
if it be necessary.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the question will be taken by tellers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Doesthe time occu- i
pied in voting on the motion to adjourn come
out of the morning hour allotted to the Com- ;
mittee on Foreign Affairs? [
The SPEAKER. The Chair does notknow j
any time, except when the House is acting !
under the suspension of the rules, when a
motion to adjourn would be out of order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Tiie Chair does not
correctly apprehend my question. I wish to
know whether the time consumed in voting on
the motion to adjourn comes out of the morn-
ing hour.
The SPEAKER. It necessarily comes out
of the morning hour.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. So, then, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts gains nothing by his
motion to adjourn.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the morning hour this
morning be taken up with motions to adjourn,
and the morning hour to-morrow be also taken
Uf! with motions to adjourn, would not the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs be then compelled,
under the rule, to give way to the next com-
mittee on the call?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. SCOFIELD. So that the Committee on
Foreign Affairs would not only lose the morn-
ing hour this morning, but also the morning
hour to-morrow, by these motions to adiourn?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That being so, then
we can return the motion made by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts this morning in
kind?
The SPEAKER. If the morning hour to-
day as well as the morning hour to-morrow be
consumed in motions to adjourn, the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs would losn its privilege.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What is sauce for
the goose is sauce for the gander. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. If the motion to adjourn
made by the gentleman from Massachusetts
should prevail and the House adjourn, would
not the Committee on Foreign Affairs be enti-
tled to the morning hour to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. BANKS. I do not think that a commit-
tee should be instructed in its duty in this way.
Mr. DAWES. I have no doubt the House
will yield to the Committee on Foreign Affairs
another opportunity to report, rather than
have the whole time this morning consumed
in a motion to adjourn. It does seem to me
unreasonable to take up the time with motions
to adjourn when there are other committees to
report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
suggested that, by unanimous consent, the
morning hour this morning be considered as
closed, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs
will then have the next morning hour. If tbat
suggestion be adopted, the next business will
be a report from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary coming over from before the recess, and
also concurrent resolutions coming from the
Senate in reference to the presentation by the
State of Rhode Island of a statue from tbat
State to the Government of the United States.
Mr. BANKS. I am willing to adopt that
suggestion of the Speaker.
lae SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection, and the morning hour will now be
considered as closed, and the Committee on
Foreign Affairs will be entitled to the next
morning hour, which will be on Tuesday next.
supreme court appellate jurisdiction.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask unanimous consent for the Committee
on the Revision of theLaws to report abill (H.
R. No. 891) to further regulate the appellate
jurisdiction of the Supreme Court and to pre-
vent delays therein, in order that it may be
printed and recommitted.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill is recommitted, and also
move that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
Mr. DAWES. Is not this reconsideration
provided for in the amendment of the rule
which was adopted this morning?
The SPEAKER. It does not. The rule
adopted this morning has reference simply to
bills that are introduced here by members on
the floor and referred by unanimous consent.
It does not relate to bills reported from com-
mittees and recommitted, and, in the judgment
of the Chair, it might embarrass the House if
it did so attach, because at times it may be
useful to make use of this privilege; but, at
the same time it is one, in the judgment of
the Chair, which well deserves watching.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. This is
a very important bill, and one that ought to be
passed without much delay. I would like,
unless there is some objection, and the Com-
mittee on the Revision of the Laws would like,
to be able to get it up at an early day.
Mr. RANDALL. You can get it up when
your committee is called.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Our com-
mittee may not be called for weeks, and it is
necessary that this bill should be passed
speedily.
Mr. RANDALL. I believe it will not suffer
by waiting.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I wish
the gentleman would withdraw his motion.
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist on the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
from Pennsylvania insist on his motion ?
Mr. RANDALL. I have not indicated any
other purpose.
The question was taken upon Mr. Ran-
dall's motion, and it was agreed to ; and the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was recommitted was laid upon the table.
statue of roger williams.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move thatthe House
proceed to business on the Speaker's table
The motion was agreed to.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was the following concurrent resolutions from
the Senate :
Ik the Senate or the United States,
January 9,1872.
Mesohed by the Senate, (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) Xbat the thanks of Congress be
presented to the Governor, and through him to tho
people of the State of Khode Island and Providence
Plantations, for the statue ot Roger Williams, whose
name is so honorably identified with our colonial
history.
Resolved, That this work of art is accepted in the
name of the nation and nssigned a place in the old
Hall of the House of Representatives, already set
aside by act ot Congress for statues of eminent citi-
zens, and that a copy of this resolution, signed by
the Presiden t of tbe Senate nnd tho Speaker of the
House of Representatives, be transmitted to the
Governor of the State of Rhode Island and Provi-
dence Plantations.
Attest: GEORGE C. GORHAM.
^secretary.
Mr. EAMES. Mr. Speaker, I ask the indul-
gence of the House while I speak of Roger
Williams and his claim as the representative
of that principle in the science of politics
which secures the right of private judgment in
matters of religious faith and practice.
The duties of the present press so hard upon
us, that we find but little time to reflect upon
the past or to think of the future- Passing
events make their impression on the memory,
but this impression, a3 the present impercepti-
bly glides into the past, gradually becomes le-s
distinct, until at last it fades almost entirely
away. And yet as a people we gratefully ac-
knowledge our obligations to the past, and our
duty to preserve fresh m memory, as an inspira-
tion in the present and for the future, thegreat
events which stand as time-marks in the history
of the country. We record these events upon
the page ot history, and in the biographies ef
those who were identified with them. We give
visible expression to ihem upon the glowing
canvas, and in statues of bronze and maible,
in the stately shaft and the memorial monu-
ment.
Every nation justly cherishes with peculiar
.pride the names of those whose acts liave
marked the great epochs of its history. And
in this respect the people of a free Government
especially ought to guard and preserve with
jealous care the memory of those who have
taken a prominent part in advancing the glory
and fame of the Republic.
The Congress of tho United States, not un-
mindful of this obligation, imposed alike by
patriotism and gratitude, has set apart tbe old
Hall of the House of Representatives for the
statues of citizens of the States, illustrious f«r
their historic renown or distinguished fur civic
or military service. And no country, either in
ancient or modern times, has among its names,
made illustrious in the arts or' peace or war,
better material with which to-mark its pro-
gress, or to illustrate by its representative men
its history, than the Republic of the United
States of America.
The statue of Washington, already occupying
the central position in the old Hal!, suggests
at a glance the principal events of that peiiod
in the history of thecountry when the coionies
became " fiee and independentStates." The
statue of Hamilton lecalls the history of that
period when thest Suites, weak and powerless
under the Articles of Confederation, became
strong and united under the Constitution. And
