■1258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
measures have been taken to accomplish the
very retrenchment which is referred to in the
resolution. Of course I do not object to the
resolution or to its reference.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is no
harm in having the resolution passed. The
Globe is certainly unnecessarily bulky, and
I desire to call the special attention of the
oomrtiittee to the subject in order that action
may seasonably be taken.
Mr. CASSERLY. We have considered it
and looked into it, and we are all agreed that
there is no necessity for having more than one
index for one session of Congress, instead of
repeating it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator does
not object to the resolution.
Mr. CAS3ERLY. Not at all. I merely
mention that injustice to the committee.
The resolution was adopted.
william nixon.
Mr. BQREMAN. I ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
518. It is to pay a citizen of West Virginia a
sum of money which is certified to be due to
him for carrying the mail. I move to take up
the bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill
(S. No. 518) for the relief of William Nixon,
of West Virginia, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides for the pay-
ment to William Nixon, of West Virginia, of
§579 63, being the amount found due him on
the 12th of January, I860, for carrying the
mail prior to that time under contracts with
the Post Office Department, but which was not
called for by him until the balance of the fund
for the payment of such claims was covered
into the Treasury in pursuance of the law in
that regard made and provided.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oidered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
presidio reservation.
Mr. COLE. If there is time left I should
like to call up Senate bill No. 310, for the pur-
pose of having the substitute proposed by the
Committee on Military Affairs read. I move
that it, be taken tip.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 310) leasing
the Presidio reservation to the city of San
Francisco for a public park.
Mr. COLE. I offer the substitute prepared
by the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, who is not present, but I suppose he in-
tended to offer it. 1 should like to have it read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, now
absent, intended to offer a substitute for the
bill, which the Senator from California now
offers on his behalf. It will be read.
The Chief Clerkread the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the bill and to insert the following :
That all of tho Presidio military reservation in
the city of San Francisco, excepting a tract not
exceeding t'nree hundred acres in extent, comprising
the site of the lortifieations contructedor projected
in and about Fort Point, and exompting so much of
the said Presidio reservation as may be occupied by
the Presidio barracks, be, and the same is nereby,
leased to the city of San Francisco, to be occupied
for the solo use and purpose of a public park: Pro-
vided, That the right of way through said park is
reserved to the United States fin- communication
with the military establishments and grounds at
Fort Point and the Presidio barracks.
Skc. 2. That the privilege of occupation contained
in the first section of this act is upon this express
condition: that the United States military authori-
ties m.iy, in timo of war or great public danger, or
in ease of uny portion of said reservation is claimed
or occupied ~>y any person or persons, excepting the
authorities oi said city, or for purposes other than
herein provided, Lake possession of any portion of
said public park for the purpose of constructing
defensive works thereon, or expelling persons there-
iroin without any liability whatever for damage to
San Francisco, or any person or persons, for the
same.
Mr. COLE. I cannot ask for the consider-
ation of the bill now in the absence of the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds,] who
has some remarks to make in_ regard to it, I
believe, and perhaps some objection to urge
to it, judging from tho position he has already
taken upon it, and I believe the morning hour
has elapsed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill and
substitute will be ordered to be printed if
there be no objection, and returned to the
Calendar.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1757) to relieve from political disabilities cer-
tain persons in the State of Georgia; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 445) to defray the
expenses of district judges from other districts
while holding district or circuit courts in the
southern district of New York.
The message further announced that the
House had agreed to the request of the Senate
for a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the amendments of the House
to the bill (S. No. 245) amendatory of the
act authorizing the construction of a bridge
across the Arkansas river, and had appointed
Mr. S. Shellababger of Ohio, Mr. Thomas
Boles of Arkansas, and Mr. Samuel Ham-
bletou of Maryland, managers at tho same
on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a concurrent resolution for the
printing of ten thousand extra copies of the
majority and minority reports of the joint
Committee to Inquire into the Condition of
the late Insurrectionary States; in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
enrolled bill signed,
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (S. No. 384) extending the time for the
completion of the Green Bay and Sturgeon
Bay and Lake Michigan ship-canal, in the
State of Wisconsin ; and it was theretjpon
signed by the Vice President.
SALES OF ARMS TO Ji'llENCII AGENTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Senate resumes the
consideration of the resolution of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] the pend-
ing question being on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment offered
by the Senator from New York [Mr. Conk-
ijng] was adopted, on which the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to ask that the same
courtesy be extended to the ladies who are
outside the doors to-day as was extended on
two former occasions. There are not very
many of them, but they cannot obtain seats in
the galleries, and they will be glad to be allowed
to go into the cloak-rooms. I move that per-
mission be allowed.
Mr. HAMLIN. I was not in my seat yester- i
day morning when a similar motion was made,
and was not therefore in a position to enter my
objection, as I do now. We have had two field
days already on this question, and I think that
will answer for this session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The request ot the Sen-
ator from Illinois requires unanimous consent,
and objection is made.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, besides
the unaccustomed interest which this debate
has excited, I cannot fail to note that it has
wandered far beyond any purpose of mine, and
into fields where I have no desire to follow.
In a few plain remarks I shall try to bring it
back to the real issue, which I hope to present
without passion or prejudice. I declare only
the rule of my life when I say that noth?
ing shall fall from me to-day which is not
prompted by the love of truth and tho desire
for justice; but you will pardon me if I re-
member that there is something on this planet
higher than the Senate or any Senator, higher
than any public functionary, higher than any
political party : it is the good name of the
American people and the purity of Govern-
ment, which must be saved from scandal. In
this spirit and with this aspiration I shall speak
to-day.
In considering this resolution we must not
forget the peculiar demands of the present
moment. An aroused community in the com-
mercial metropolis of our country has unex-
pectedly succeeded in overthrowing a corrupt
ring by which millions of money had been
sacrificed, Tammany has been vanquished.
Here good Democrats vied with Republicans.
The country was thrilled by the triumph, and
insisted that it should be extended. Then
came manifestations against abuses of the
civil service generally, and especially in that
other Tammany, the New York custom-house.
The call for investigation at last prevailed in
this Chamber, and the newspapers have been
burdened since with odious details. Every-
body says there must be reform, so that the
Government in all its branches shall be above
suspicion. The cry for reform is everywhere—
from New York to New Orleans. Within a
few days we hear of a great meeting, amount-
ing to ten thousand, in the latter city, with-
out distinction of party, calling for reform;
and the demand is echoed from place to place.
Reform is becoming a universal watchword.
In harmony with this cry is the appointment
of a Civil Service Commission which has pro-
posed mild measures looking to purity and
independence in officeholders.
Amidst these transactions, occupying the
attention of the country, certain facts are re-
ported, tending to show abuses in the sale of
arms at the Ordnance Office, exciting at least
suspicion in that quarter, and this is aggra-
vated by a seeming violation of neutral duties
at a critical moment, when on various grounds
the nation was bound to peculiar cure, it
appeared as if our neutral duties were sacri-
ficed to money-making, if not to official job-
bers. The injunction of Iago seemed to be
obeyed: "But put money in thy purse."
These things were already known in Europe,
especially through a notorious trial and then
by a legislative inquiry, so as to become a
public scandal. It was time that something
should be done to remove the suspicion. This
could only be by a searching invest'gation in
such way as to satisfy all at home and abroad
that there was no whitewashing.
In proportion to the magnitude of the ques-
tion and the great interests involved, whether
of money or neutral duty, was the correspond-
ing responsibility on our part. Here was a
case for action without delay.
Under these circumstances I brought forward
the present motion. Here I acted in entire
harmony with that movement, now so much ap-
plauded, which overthrew Tammany, and that
other movement which has exposed tbe Cus-
tom-House. Its object was inquiry into the
sale of arms. This was the objective point.
But, much of this debate has turned on points
merely formal, if not entirely irrelevant.
More than once it has been asserted that I
am introducing " politics," and then we have
been reminded of the Presidential election,
which, to certain Senators, is a universal
prompter. I ask for reform, and the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] seizing the party
bugle sounded "To arms." But I am not
tempted to follow him. I have nothing to say
of the Presidentor of the Presidential election.
The Senator cannot make me depart from the
rule I have laid down for myself. 1 introduce
no "politics," but only a question which has
become urgent, affecting the civil service of
the country.
Now, sir, I have been from the beginning in
