310
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 25,
Ho. of Reps.
American Citizens Abroad—Mr. Wood.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The American consul at Trinidad de Cuba
under date of Decmber 22, 1871, states offi-
cially thus to the consul general at Savanna:
"The consular agent of the United States at Cien-
faegoa" * * * * "has also informed
mo that Dr. Houard, an American citizen, who for a
year past has been confined in the jail at Cien-
fuegos, has been sentenced to eight years'imprison-
ment for political causes."
Emilie Dutton, the sister of Dr. Houard,
under date of Philadelphia, January 8, 1872,
states:
Sir: I gratefully acknowledge the receipt of your
letter dated 4th instant, suggesting that 1 furnish
evidence of my brother's (Dr. John Emile Houard)
American citizenship.
Herewith I inclose a certificate showing that his
father, Louis Houard, was a citizen of the United
States, naturalized October 17,1803. Also the cer-
tificate of Kudolph E. Kuenzer, pastor of the Holy
Trinity church, setting torth that my brother John
Einile Houard was born in this city on the 5th day
of September, 1815, and baptized in said church on
the loth day <f November, 1816. I presume these
documents completely establish Dr. Houard's Amer-
ican citizenship, and 1 do not know that X can
furnish any other proofs, except, if it is desirable,
the affirmations of John Gustavus Houard, Charles
Adolphus Houard, and iu> sell', all natives and res-
idents ot this city, that to our knowledge our younger
brother, Dr. John Emile Houard, was born in this
city on September 5,1815, as stated in his certificate
of baptism. I will send to General Torbert, Amer-
ican consul at Havana, a copy of my father's (Louis
Houard) naturalization papers.
I am, &C., EMILIE DUTXO^.
Then, sir, we come to yet stronger assur-
ance of the citizenship. Here is a certificate
made under oath of the American consul at
Cienfuegos:
Uxited States Consular Agency,
Cienfuegos, March 4,1872.
I, M. H. Morris, United States consular agent for
this port, do hereby certily that on the 25th day of
Kovember. A. D. 1870, personally appeared before
me John Jbmilio Houard. physician, and declared
himself a citizen of the United States of America,
haying been born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
rL o i Witness my hand and seal of office the day
* and date first above written.
AI. IX. MORRIS,
United States Consular Agent.
■ I will state just here, Mr. Speaker, as it is
pertinent, that Cienfuegos is a small sea-port
on the south side of the island of Cuba. Its
population certainly does not exceed three or
four thousand. There are only ten or fifteen
American residents there, and the place is of
so little importance that it has never risen to
the dignity of a consulate. The official busi-
ness of our Government is transacted by a
vice consul, appointed, I believe, by the con-
sul general at Havana. It is impossible that
in a population so small, with American resi-
dents so few, this man Houard couid have lived
there and done any act, official or otherwise,
to have rendered himself a Spanish subject
without its having been known to every one.
If there had been any doubt of the fact that
he was a citizen of the United States, or a sub-
ject of Spain, would he have been, as he was,
so generally recognized by every American
consul there during his residence, and by every
one visiting there, either for business or for
pleasure, and by the Spanish population itself,
as an American citizen? He was regarded
officially, as appears by this certificate, as an
American physician practicing his profession
in Cienfuegos.
Now, let me call attention to the sworn state-
ment of Charles Fox, who was consular agent
at Cienfuegos:
I, Charles Fox, now resident at Portland, in the
county of Cumberland and Skate of Maine, on oath
SW that, in thejattar part of 1868 and the first part
or 1869, i was Ijnited States consular agent at Cicn-
in ttie island of Cuba, and in the latter part
oi lSbS or tne iirst part of 1801) that Dr. Emilio J.
ilouaru, then at Cienfuegos, was enrolled as an
Amencan citizen at the United States consulate in
that city; that he was one of a number of American
citizens wno signed an application to me to have an
American man-of-war sent to the port of Cienfuegos
for tne protection of the lives and property of
American citizens; that I was acquainted with him,
and ho was sener.-Jly known as an American eiei-
*gn; that I never knew him to act or talk otherwise
than as a bwia Ma American citizen, and I never
had any knowledge, information, or intimation of
his taking any part whatever in political matters in
the late disturbances in Cuba. _ „
CHARLES FOX.
State of Mains,
Cumberland, ss., February 26,1872:
Then personally came before me, Josiah H. Drurn-
mond, a notary public in and for said county and
State, Charles Fox, well known to ine, and sub-
scribed the foregoing declaration in my presence,
and made oath to the truth of the same, according
to Ms best knowledge, recollection, and belief,
before me.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and notorial seal the day and year abovo mentioned.
JOSIAH H. DRUMMOND,
Notary Public.
The Secretary of State, in a communication
to Mr. Adee, the American charg6 d'affaires
at Madrid, on page 27 of this document, and
dated March 9, 1872, says:
"Sir: John Emilio Houard is a citizen of the
United States by birth. He was born in Philadel-
phia, September 5. 1815. A copy of his baptismal
certificate accompanies this instruction. His father
was also a citizen of the United States by natural-
ization, completed in 1803.
"About 1822 or 1823 John Emilio Houard accom-
panied his father to Cuba, where the latter estab-
lished a residence in that island, which he main-
tained until his death, in 1826. John Emilio Houard
returned to Philadelphia at some time prior to 1836,
when he attained his majority, and was graduated
there at the Jefferson Medicallnstitute in the year
1843. He subsequently repaired to the island of
Cuba, where he received a permission from the
authorities to practice his profession."
Mark that—"permission from the authori-
ties to practice his profession." He received
permission from the authorities, as a foreigner,
to practice his profession "in that island,
under date of August 28, 1844. In this per-
mission he is described as a native of Phila-
delphia."
And further, and this is very significant, as
bearing directly on the question argued by the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ambler] yester-
day:
"It does not appear that Dr. Houard ever re-
nounced his nationality of birth, or that he ever
accepted Spanish nationality."
Mark the words—" or that he ever accepted
Spanish nationality." That, sir, is the state-
ment of our Secretary of State in his letter of
March 9, 1872, to the representative of the
American Government at Madrid.
Now, sir, I assume that in view of these
facts there can be no question of the citizen-
ship of Dr. Houard. It is quite certain that
he is either an American citizen or a Spanish
subject. He is one or the other. There is no
proof in the papers sent here by the President,
to which I have referred, no proof furnished
by the Spanish Government of any character
that he ever did any act or thing to obtain
Spanish citizenship. While we furnish abun-
dant evidence of his American nativity, of his
American education, of his family remaining
in the United States, of his recognition offi-
cially before the consulate at Cienfuegos and
by the American citizens in Cuba generally,
that he was universally accepted to be an
American citizen, there is no proof furnished
upon the other side that he in any way to the
smallest extent applied for or accepted recog-
nition as a Spanish subject.
Now,^ sir, I submit that it is not necessary
to admit that there exists a doubt as to the
standing of this man. I will not go so far as
to say that if there were a doubt it should be
thrown in behalf of our countryman, the native
of our own land. I think it has been demon-
strated by the official records furnished in this
case that there is not the slightest doubt but
what Dr. Houard is an American citizen.
There is no proof to the contrary, and there
is every proof to the fact.
The gentleman from Ohio told us yester-
day that Houard, after his return to Cuba,
when he had completed his medical educa-
tion, did not return again to the United States.
Well, sir, while I am prepared to say that
whether he did or did not return, is a ques-
tion of no importance, yet I declare that
there is no evidence that he did not return. I
challenge the proof that he did not return. It
is true that in the papers furnished, so far as
we see, there is no mention made of his return-
ing ; but upon the contrary there is none that
he did not return. And whether he returned
or not, the period of duration by which he
obtained a temporary domicile in any other
nation does not affect his citizenship nof
relieve him from his responsibility to and
right to protection from his own Government.
We have many persons from foreign lands
who come to this country to make money, and
who live here many years, but never declare their
intention to become citizens, never naturalize,
nor assume to exercise the rights of citizen-
ship in any way, and return again to their
native land, to enjoy the property they have
made here. Those circumstances, I submit,
do not make them American citizens. They
still remain the subjects of the land from
which they came and to which they return.
We have, also, on the other hand, many
Americans now living abroad. I have met
them in Europe, early friends of my own,
whom I had not seen for a quarter of a cen-
tury, living there permanently, but still as
Americans; and whether they live there one
year or twenty years is not pertinent to the
case, and does not determine anything. Sir,
a native American never relinquishes his
nationality. We are too proud a people for
that. I know of no instance, unless it were
for the purpose of accepting some high politi-
cal trust or honor from a foreign Government,
in which an American citizen has ever vol-
untarily relinquished his nationality and his
birthright of American citizenship. And when
I am told that an American in Cuba—and
Cuba is filled with Americans who are there
to make money—that Dr. Houard went to
Cuba in early life to practice his profession,
because he had a better chance of success
there than in Philadelphia, and lived there for
a number of years, that that in itself denation-
alizes him, that argument in my opinion is
not worthy of consideration.
Again, it is in evidence that Dr. Houard
was arrested two years after his official declar-
ation at the consulate of his American citizen-
ship. At the time of his ariest this fact was
known to the Spanish authorities. It was
known not only that he was registered and
recorded as an American citizen, but had, in
common with the other American citizens of
the town in which he lived, asked for the pres-
ence of an American man-of-war in the harbor
to protect them. He was not found with arms
in his hands fighting against the integrity of
of the Spanish Government. He was not found,
as some Americans were, in the republican
army of Cuba. He was quietly practicing his
profession as a physician, and the only charge
made against him was that a box of medicine
was found in a camp of the republicans with his
name on it, the merest shadow of a circum-
stance upon which to base a charge of com-
plicity in the rebellion.
About the time of his arrest, Valmaseda was
issuing his bloody edicts against Cuban men,
women,_ and children, indiscriminately, and
the excHementand agitation was so great that
upon this flimsey pretext of finding this box
Houard was arrested at the dead hour of the
night and plunged into a dungeon, notwith-
standing the knowledge on the part of the
authorities that he was an American citizen.
To show the temper of Valmaseda at this
time, he issued a proclamation, dated April 4,
1869, of which this is an extract:
1. Every man from the age of fifteen years upward
found away from his habitation, (finca,) and does
not prove a justified motivo thorofor, will be shot.
2. Every habitation unoccupied will be burned by
the troops.
