1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1259
favor of civil service reform. I am the author
of the first bill on that subject ever introduced
into Congress, as long ago as the winter of
1864. I am for a real reform that shall reach
the highest as well as the lowest, and I know
no better way to accomplish this beneficent
result than by striving at all times for purity
in the administration of Government. There-
fore, when officials fall under suspicion, I should
feel myself disloyal to the Government if I did
not insist on the ra^st thorough inquiry. So
I have voted in the past, so I must vote in the
future. Call you mis politics? Not in the
ordinary sense of the term. It is only hon-
esty and a just regard for the public weal.
Then it has been said that I am a French
agent, and even a Prussian agent—two iu one.
Sir, I am nothing but a Senator, whose atten-
tion was first called to this matter by a dis-
tinguished citizen not named in this debate.
Since then 1 have obtained such information
with regard to it as was open to me—all going
to develop a case for inquiry.
I should say nothing more in reply to this
allegation but for the vindictive personal as-
sault made upon a valued liiend, the Marquis
de Chainbrun. The Senator from Missouri
[Jlr. Schurz] has already spoken for him,
but I claim Hits privilege also. Besides his
own merits this gentleman is commended to
Amencans by his association with the two
French names most cherished in our country,
La Fayette and DeTocqueville. I have known
him from the very day of his arrival in Wash-
ington early in the spring of 1865, and have
seen him since, in unbroken friendship, almost
daily. Shortly after his arrival I took him
wiih me on a visit to Mr. Lincoln at the front,
close upon the capture of Richmond. This
stianger began his remarkable intimacy with
American life by several days in the society
of the President only one week before his
death. He was by the side of the President
in his last, visit to a military hospital, and when
he last shook hands with the soldiers. Also
when he made his last speech from the window
o! the Executive Mansion, the. stranger was
his guest standing by his side. From that
lime down to this day of accusation his inti-
macies have extended beyond those of any
other foreigner. His studies of our institu-
tions have been minute and critical, being
sccond only to those of his late friend De
Tocqueviile. Whether converting on his own
country or on ours, he is always at home.
It' ut any time the Marquis de Chambrun
sustained official relations with the French
Government, or was its agent, he never spoke
of it to me: nor did I ever know it until the
papers produced by the Senator from Iowa.
Our conversation was always that of friends,
and on topics of general interest, not of busi-
ness. Though ignorant of any official rela-
tions wiih his own Government, I could not
fail to know his close relations with members
of our Government, ending in his recent
employment to present our case in French
for die Geneva tribunal, an honorable and
confidential service, faithfully performed.
The Senator from Indiana knew of the arms
question some five months before the meeting
of Congress. I did not. Itwasaftertliesession
beyan, and just before the holidays, that I first
knew of it. And here my informant was not
a foreigner, but. as I have already said, a dis-
tinguished citizen. The French "spy," as he
is so happily called, though with me daily,
never spoke of it; nor did i speak of it to him.
By and by the Senator from Missouri men-
tioned it, and then in my desire to know the
evidence affecting persons here, if any such
existed, I spoke to my French friend. This
was only a few days before the resolution.
Such is the history of my relations with the
accused. There is nothing to disguise ; noth-
ing that I should not do again. I know no
rule of senatorial duty or of patriotism which
can prevent me from obtaining information
of any kind from anybody, especially when
the object is to pursue fraud and to unmask
abuse. Is not a French gentleman a compe-
tent witness? Once the black could not tes-
tify against the white, and now in some places
the testimony of a Chinese is rejected. Bat
I tolerate no such exclusion. Let me welcome
knowledge always, and from every quarter.
Hail holy light! no matter from what star or
what nation it may shine!
And this gentleman, fresh from a confidential
service to our own Government, enjoying num-
erous intimacies with American citizens,' asso-
ciated with illustrious names in his:tor}' and
literature, and immediately connected with
one of the highest functionaries of the pres-
ent French Government, M. de ll6musat, min-
ister for foreign affairs, is insulted here as an
emissary" and a " spy; " nay, more, France
is insulted, for these terms are applied only to
the secret agents of an enemy in time of war.
But enough. To such madness of error and
vindictive accusation is this defense carried.
Another charge is that I am making a case
for Prussia against our own country. Oh!
no. I am making a case for nobody. I sim-
ply try to relieve my country from an odious
suspicion and to advance the cause of good
government. The Senator from Indiana sup-
poses that this effort of mine, having such
objects, may prejudice the emperor of Ger-
many against us m the arbitration of the San
Juan question. The Senator does not pay a
lofty compliment to that enlightened and vic-
torious ruler. Nay, sir, the veiy suggestion
of the Senator is an insult to him, which he is
too just to resent, but which cannot fail to
excite a smile of derision. Surely the Sen-
ator was not in earnest.
The jest of the Senator, offered for argu-
ment, seems to forget that all these things are
notorious in Europe, through the active press
of Paris and London. Why, sir, our own
State Department furnishes official evidence
that the alleged sale of arms to the French
by our Government is known in Benin itself,
right under the eyes of the emperor. Our
minister there, Mr. Bancroft, in his dispatch
of January 7, 1871, furnishes the following
testimony from the London Times:
"During the Crimean war, arms and munitions of
war had been freely exported from Prussia to Rus-
sia; and recently, rifled cannon and ammunition
have been furnished to the French in enormous quan-
tities. not only by private American traders, but by the
War Department at Washington,"
These latter words are italicized in the offi-
cial publication of our Government, and thus
blazoned to the woild I do not adduce them
to show that the War Department did sell
arms to belligerent France; but that even in
Berlin the imputation upon us was known and
actually reported by our minister. If the latter
made any observations on this imputation, I
know not; for at this point in his dispatch are
those convenient asterisks which are the sub-
stitute for inconvenient revelations.
In the same spirit with the lasttriviality, but
in the anxiety to clutch at something, it is said
that the Alabama claims are endangered by
this inquiry. Very well, sir. On this point I
am clear. If these historic claims, so inter-
esting to the American people, are to be pressed
at the cost of purity in our own Government,
they are not worth the terrible piice. Better
give them up at once. Let them ail go. every
dollar. Sir, 1 have from the beginning insisted
that England should be held to just account
for her violation of international duty toward
us. Is that any reason why 1 should not also
insist upon inquiry into the conduct of officials
at home to the end that the Government may I
be saved from reproach? Surely we shall be |
stronger—infinitely stronger—in demanding '
our own rights, if we show a determination to j
allow no wrong among ourselves. Ourexample j
must not be quoted against us at any time, j
Especially it must not be allowed to harden j
into precedent. But this can be prevented j
only by prompt correction, so that it shall be j
withoutauthority. Therefore, because I would jj
have my country irresistible in its demands do
I insist that it shall place itself above all sus-
picion.
The objection of Senators is too much like
the old heathen cry, "Our country, right or
wrong." Unhappy words, which dethrone
God and exalt the Devil! I am for our coun-
try with the aspiration that it may be always
right; but I am for nothing wrong. When I
hear of wrong, I insist at all hazards that it
shall be made right, knowing that in this way
I best serve my country and every just cause.
This same objection assumes another form
equally groundless when it is said that I re-
flect upon our country and hurt its good name.
Oh, no! They reflect upon our country and
hurt its good name who at the first breath of
suspicion fail to act. Our good name is not
to be preserved by covering up anything.
Not in secrecy but in daylight aiust we live.
What sort of good name is that which has a
cloud gathering about it? Our duty is to dis-
pel the cloud. Especially is this the duty of
the Senate. Here at least must be that hon-
est independence which shall insist at all
times upon purity in the Government, no
matter what officeholders are exposed.
Again it is said that our good name cannot
be compromised by these suspicions. This is
a mistake. Any suspicion of wrong is a com-
promise, all the more serious when it concerns
not only money but the violation of neutral
obligations. And the actual fact is precisely
according to reason. Now while we debate,
the national character is compromised at
Paris, at London, at Berlin, at Geneva, where
all these things are known as much as in this
Chamber. But your indifference, especially
after this debate, will not tend to elevate the
national character either at home or abroad.
Such are some of the objections to which
I reply. They are words only, as Hamlet
says, " Words, words, words." From words
let us pass to things.
Mr. President, 1 come now to the simple
question before the Senate, which I presented
originally, whether there is not'sufficient rea-
son for inquiry into the sale of arms during
the French and German war? I state the
question thus broadly. The inquiry is into
the sale of arms; and this opens two ques-
tions, first, of international duty, and secondly,
of misfeasance in our officials, the latter involv-
ing what may be compendiously called the
money question.
My object is simply to show grounds for
inquiry; and I naturally begin with the rule
of international duty.
In the discharge of nentral obligations a
nation is bound to good faith. This is the
supreme rule to which all else is subordinate.
This is the starting point of all that is done.
Without good faith neutral obligations must
fail. In proportion to the character of this
requirement must be the completeness of its
observance. There can be no evasion, not a
jot. Any evasion is a breach, without the
bravery of open violation. But evasion may
be sometimes, by closing the eyes to existing
facts, or even by acting without sufficient in-
quiry. These things are so plain and emirely
reasonable as to be self-evident.
Now, nothing can be more clear than that
no neutral nation is permitted to furnish arms
and war material to a belligerent Power.
Such is a simple statement of the law. I do
not cite authorities, as I did it amply on a
former occasion. But there is an excellent
author whom I would add to the list as worthy
of consideration, especially at this moment in
view of the loose pretensions put forth in the
debate. I refer to Mr. Manning, who, in his
Commentaries, thus teaches nentral duty :
"It is no interference with the right of a third
party to say that he shall not carry to my enemy
instruments with which I am to be attacked. Such
commerce is, on the other hand, a deviation from
neutrality, or rather would be so if it wtre the act
of a State and not of individuals."—Manning's Law
of Nations, p. 281,
