1812.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
42d Cong....2d Sess.
American Citizens Abroad—Mr. Wood.
Ho. of Beps.
3. Every habitation from which does not float a
white flag, its a signal that its occupants desire peace,
will be reduced to ashes.
Women that are not living at theit own hotaes, or
at the houses of their relatives, will collect in the
town of Jiguani, or Bayomo, where maintenance
will be provided. Those who do not present them-
selves will be conducted forcibly.
The foregoing determinations will commence to
take effect on the 14th of the present month.
EL CONDE DE VALMASEDA.
It was a short while after this worse than
criminal edict that Dr. Houard was arrested
and incarcerated with murderers and felons.
Americans were especially the victims of
Spanish vengeance. Neither uge nor sex
were spared; no respect was paid to position
nor citizenship ; but all alike were objects of
hatred, suspicion, and persecution.
Has oar Government exercised its proper
duty in dealing with the Cuban authorities? I
think not. Has it done so in its treatment of
this special case? I think not.
It was one year after Dr. Houard was ar-
rested and plunged into a dungeon before our
Government noticed it. Over one year passed
away without any notice of his case by our
Government, although the consul general at
Havana, the acting vice consulatCienfuegos, the
friends of Mr. Houard in the city of Philadel-
phia, two of the Representatives in this Congress
from the city of Philadelphia, and a memorial of
the citizens of the United States in Philadel-
phia wno personally knew Dr. Houard, made
representations to our Government before it
took any official recognition of this case ; and
the proof of that fact is in the document sent
to us by the President himself.
Dr. Houard was arrested December 8, 1870,
and tried and condemned December 19, 1871.
On the 20th of December, 1870, the attention
of the Government was first called to the case
by Mr. Biddle, our consul general at Havana,
as will be seen by reference to page 3, of
Document No. 223. No notice was taken
of it. January 26, 1871, Mr. Biddle again
addressed the State Department, inclosing
the reply of the captain general of Cuba. Feb-
ruary 2, 1871, Mr. Davis simply acknowledged
the receipt of that document. April 1, 1871,
Mr. Biddle again addressed the State Depart-
ment, complaining of the delay of the Spanish
authorities in trying Dr. Houard. To that
there was no reply ; no notice was taken of it.
There was nothing done between that time and
December 13, 1871.
December 13, 1871, Mr. Myers, a Repre-
sentative in Congress from the city of Phila-
delphia, addressed a communication to the
State Department. Then for the first time,
over one year after the arrest of this man—
when a member of the Administration party
and a member ot Congress writes a letter—then
for the first time our Government recollects
than an American citizen is lying in a dungeon
in the island of Cuba. On December 15, 1871,
just four days before this poor man is sen-
tenced to eight years' confinement with a ball
and chain on his leg, Mr. Fish, in reply to Mr.
Myers, merely acknowledges the receipt of
the communication and states that his atten-
tion had been called to this matter.
December 20, 1871, the day after the con-
viction and sentence of Houard, the Second
Assistant Secretary of State addressed a com-
munication to Mr. Torbert, then consul at
Havana, inclosing a memorial from citizens
of Philadelphia urging interference, which had
been done by that official and his predecessor
some time before. Here, then, for the first
time, after the man had lain one year in jail,
and had been sentenced to eight years' im-
prisonment and the confiscation of his estate,
did our Government take cognizance of the
^December 30,1871, John W. Forney, a gen-
tleman of some political consequence, writes
to the Secretary of State. His letter, it is pre-
sumed, was entitled to some consideration,
owing to the quarter from which it emanated.
It certainly had some effect, for it was replied
to January 3, 1872. Then suddenly the Gov-
ernment wakes up and condescended to send
a telegram to Havana. The next day (Janu-
ary 4, 1872,) the Secretary of State addresses
a communication to the sister of Dr. Houard
in Philadelphia.
On the 29th of December, 1871, our consul
general at Havana notified Mr. Fish of the
trial and sentence of Dr. Houard, and that the
captain general refused to communicate with
him on the subject. He insults the American
consul. No notice was taken of this at the
time. We have a right to assume from the
attendant circumstances no notice would have
been taken of it until this day but for the pub-
lic agitation of this subject here and elsewhere.
It is true that the captain general states
verbally that the Spanish minister at Washing-
ton must be communicated with. Then for the
first time—on the8th of January, 1872, fourteen
months after Dr. Houard's arrest, and two
months after his sentence—the State Depart-
ment addresses the Spanish minister. On the
14th of February, 1872, the Spanish minister
curtly replies. Finding that Valmaseda had
committed an outrage upon the United States,
and fearing that under the pressure of public
opinion the Government would be compelled to
notice the matter, the Spanish authorities then
falsely, and with a subterfuge and a lie, assert
for the first, time, that this man is a Spanish sub-
ject. and not an American citizen. For the liist
time they pretendthat he is excluded from the
protection of this Government, and that they
have the right to claim him as a Spanish sub-
ject. Mr. Roberts bad been asked for a copy
of the trial, &c., but evades this inquiry fjy
omitting to refer to it. He virtually denies
our right to have a copy of the charges. They
had tried him by a military court in violation
of ihe seventh article of the treaty of 1795,
which declares that citizens of the one coun-
try and subjects of the other, when offending
against the laws of either, shall be tried in
pursuance of law. In this case they go so far as
to refuse positively to give our Government a
copy of the charges, contenting themselves
with declaring that Dr. Houard has lost his
American citizenship and become a Spanish
subject.
Now, I repeat that our Government has been
derelict in its omission in not giving prompt
attention to this case. Nor do 1 hold the Sec-
retary of State responsible. In the letter of
Mr. Fish to Mr. Colfax, the Vice President, in
relation to this case, he states that the papers
and all the proceedings had been laid before
the President, and the inference is left that it
had been determined by the President, and
that he, not the Secretary, is responsible. But
there can be no doubt of his liability if Con-
gress had given him ample authority.
The following act of Congress "concerning
the rights of American citizens in foreign coun-
tries," passed July 27, 1868, clothes the Ex-
ecutive with full power in cases like that under
consideration:
" Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That whenever
it shall be made known to the President that any
citizen of the United States has been unjustly de-
prived of his liberty by or under the authority of
any foreign Government, it shall be the duty ot the
President forthwith to demand of that Government
the reasons for such imprisonment, and if it appears
to bo wrongful and in violation of the rights ot
American citizenship, the President shall forthwith
demand the release of sueh citizen; and if the re-
lease so demanded is unreasonably delas ed or re-
fused, it shall be the duty of the President to use
such means, notamounting to acts of war, as he may
think necessary and proper to obtain or effectuate
such release; and all the facts and proceedings rel-
ative thereto shall, as soon as practicable, be com-
municated by the President to Congress."
Did the President attempt the enforcement
of this act? Not at all. He remained supinely
idle and altogether indifferent to the outrage
which the detestable Spanish Government was
inflicting upon the person and property of an
American citizen.
Nor is this the only case in which the admin-
istration of our foreign affairs have been badly
mauaged. Very many instances have arisen
since the incumbency of the present occupant
of the White House. The very critical con-
dition of our foreign affairs with Great Britain
to-day has arisen from maladministration and
failure to appreciate the dignity and honor of
our country. And so far as our relations with
Spain are concerned, this is not the first, nor
the second, nor the third, nor the twentieth
instance where the grossest outrages have been
committed on the persons and property of
American citizens without, demanding redress.
We came very nearly being plunged into a
war the other day with our oldest and our
firmest aliy, llussia, in consequence of a per-
sonal, petty, insignificant pique against the
minister representing that Power. For having
made, probably in his cups, some trivial accusa-
tions which no honorable man would have
noticed, the President demanded his recall.
And when one of the princes of the Russian
empire came here on a friendly visit, so great
was the indignation of the President at the
minister that he treated the prince in a way
that was beneath the character of our nation.
Sir, but for the universal hospitality shown by
the American people to the prince, but for the
fact that our national hospitality almost ex-
ceeded itself in the treatment of that young
man, a complication might have arisen between
the Governments growing out of the weak and
silly temper of our President.
Another instance yet more censurable oc-
curred during the war between Prussia and
France. It will be recollected that General
Sheridan, the close confidant of the President,
visited Europe at that time. He went there
in his official capacity as Lieutenant General
of the American armies. He remained in
France long enough to obtain information of
a military character to give him knowledge of
the condition of the French armies and fortifi-
cations. With this information he proceeded
to Germany, and accompanied the German
army in its march upou France. There is
reason for believing that the German military
authorities were fully informed by him of all
the information he possessed with reference to
the power of resistance by the French eiuperor.
I know that Thiers, the president of the French
republic, declared this to be the fact, adding
that but for this superior knowledge given to
the Germans by General Sheridan France
would not have been vanquished in that con-
test.
That President Grant was fully informed of
this proceeding on the part of Sheridan there
can be no doubt. Comment upon such base-
ness is unnecessary The French Government
have not forgotten jt, and hut for its weak and
prostrate condition this wrong would have
been resented long ago. If, therefore, we an;
not at this time involved in a war with France,
it is not because of the friendly action of our
Government. Whether the subsequent sale ot
arms to French agents had the effect of molli-
fying the resentment of France, 1 do not know ;
it is certain that it has since been complained
that she was badly swindled in the transaction.
Again, Germany feels that the United
States was guilty of duplicity, as wc.i as a
violation of neutrality, in furnishing these
arms, and it is cot improbable that she may yet,'
ask for an explanation. She will certainly di\
so if her interest does not restraint her from
any agitation of the subject.
And when we look to our course with refer-
ence to American Governments we find noth-
ing of which to approve.
Mexico still continues her aggression upon
