1260
THE TCOISTGrRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
The distinction is obvious between what can
bo done by the individual and what can be
done by the State. The individual inay play
the merchant and take t.he risk of capture ; but
the State cannot play the merchant in dealing
with a belligerent. Of course if the foreign
Power is at peace, there is no question ; but
when the Power has become belligerent, then
it is excluded from the market. So far as
that Power is concerned all sales must be
suspended. The interdict is peremptory and
absolute. In such a case there can be nosale
knowingly without mixing in the war, precisely
as France mixed in the war of our Revolution
in those muskets sent by the witty Beaumar-
chais, which England resented by open war.
And this undoubted principle of Interna-
tional Law is recognized by the Secretary of
War, when he directed the Chief of Ordnance
not to entertain any bids from E. Remington
& Sons, who had stated that they were agents
of the French Government. In giving these
orders he only followed the rule of duty on
which the country can stand without question
or reproach; but it remains to be seen whether
persons under him did not content them-
selves with obeying the order in letter only—
breaking it in spirit. I assume that the order
was given in good faith. Was it obeyed in
good faith? Here we start with the admitted
postulate that it was wrong to sell arms to
France.
But if this cannot be done directly, it is idle
to say that it can be done indirectly without a
violation of good faith. If it cannot be done
openly, it cannot be done privily. If it can-
not be done above-board, it cannot be done
clandestinely. It is idle to reject the bid of
the open agent of a belligerent Power and
then at once accept the bid of another who
may be a mere man of straw, unless after
careful inquiry into his real character.
Nothing can be clcarerthan the duty of the
proper officers to consider all bids in tho suu-
light of the conspicuous events then passing.
A terrible war was convulsing the Old World.
Two mighty nations were in conflict, one of
which was already prostrate and disarmed.
Meanwhile came bids for arms and war mate-
rial, on a gigantic scale—on a scale absolutely
unprecedented. Plainly these powerful bat-
teries, these muskets by the hundred thou-
sand arid these cartridges by the million were
for tho disarmed belligerent and nobody else.
It was impossible not to see it. It is insulting
to common sense to imagine it otherwise.
Who else could need arms and war material
to the amount of $4,000,000 at once? Now,
it appears by the dispatches of the French
consul general at New York, which I find in
an official document, that on the 22d Octo-
ber, 1870, he telegraphed to the armament
commission at Tours:
"Tho prices of adjudication have been 100,000
muskets at $9 SO; 40,01)0 at $12 30; 100,000 at $12 25;
50,000,000 cartridges at $16 30 the thousand. Alto-
gether with the commission to Remington and tho
mcidental expenses more than {oar million dollars."
Such gigantic purchases made at one time
or ia the space of a few days could have but
one destination. It is weakness to imagine
otherwise. Obviously, plainly, unquestion-
ably, they were for the disarmed belligerent.
The telegraph each morning proclaimed the
constant fearful struggle, and we all became
daily spectators. In the terrible blaze, filling
the heavens with lurid flame, it was impossible
not to see the exact condition of the two bel-
ligerents—Germany always victorious, France
still rallying for the desperate battle. But
the officials of the Ordnance Bureau saw this
as plainly as the people. Therefore were they
warned, so that every applicant for arms and
war material on a large scale was open to just
suspicion. These officials were put on their
guard as much as if a notice or caveat had
been filed at the War Department. In neg-
lecting that commanding notice, in overruling
that unprecedented caveat, so far as to allow
these enormous supplies to be forwarded to
ihe disarmed belligerent, they failed in that
proper care required by the occasion. If I
said that they failed in good faith, I should
only give the conclusion of law on unquestion-
able facts.
In the ease of the Santissima Trinidad,
Chief Justice Marshall, after exposing an at-
tempt to evade our neutral obligations by an
ingenious cover, exclaimed in words which
he borrowed from an earlier period of our
history, but which have been often quoted
since, "This would, indeed, be a fraudulent
neutrality, disgraceful to our Government and
of which no nation would be the dupe." (7
Wheaton Reports, 337.) I forbear at present
to apply these memorable words, which show
with what indignant language our great Chief
Justice blasted an attempt to evade our neutral
obligations. In calling it fraudulent he was
not deterred by the petty cry of a false patri-
otism that his judgment might affect the good
name of our country. Full well he know that
national character could suffer only where
fraud is maintained.
I doubt much if the true rule can be laid
down in better words than those I quoted on a
former occasion from the Spanish minister at
Stockholm, denouncing the sale of the Swed-
ish frigates. (Martens, Causes C6Ubr€s, now
velle series, Tom. II, p. —) He protested
against "arms and muniiions supplied through
intermediate speculators, under pretense of
ignoring the result," which ho exhibited as
" an act of hostility " and a " political scandal.1'
According to this excellent protest the sale is
not protected from condemnation, merely by
"intermediate speculators," and "the pre-
tense of ignoring the result." And this is only
according to undoubted reason. It is simply a
question of good faith, and if, taking into view
the circumstances of the case and the condi-
tion of the times, there is reasonable ground to
believe that the "intermediate speculators"
are purchasing for a belligerent, then the sale
cannot be made; nor will any pretense of
ignoring the result be of avail.
In harmony with this Spanish protest is
the calm statement of a joint committee of
Congress, where this question of international
duty is treated wisely. I read from the report
of Mr. Jenckes on the sale of certain iron-
clads:
" Perhaps tho international feature of this trans-
action is the most grave one for the consideration of
Congress. It is a matter of notorious public history
that war was being carried on in the years 1865 and
1S66 between the Government of Spain on the one
hand and the Governments of Peru and Chili on the
other. During the pendency of hostilities, applica-
tions were mado to obtain possession of these ves-
sels for one of the belligerents. If the Government
of tho United States had been privy to any arrange-
ment by which these vessels of war should be deliv-
ered to the agents of a belligerent, either in our own
ports or upon the high seas, it would certainly have
violated its international obligations. Of course,
when Congress authorized the sale of these vessels,
it was known that individuals had no use for them ;
yet it might have assumed, as in the case of the
Dunderberg and theOnondaga"—
Now mark the words, if you please—
" that the Executive Department would take care
that any individual, who should purchase with a
view to a resale to some foreign Power, would not
be permitted to violate the obligations of tho United
States as a neutral nation."
Observe, if you please, the language em-
ployed. If the Government of the United
States had been " privy " to any arrangement
for the delivery of'these vessels to the agents
of a belligerent, it would certainly have vio-
lated its international obligations. This is
undoubtedly correct. Then comes the assump-
tion "that the Executive Department would
take care that any individual who should pur-
chase with a view to a resale to some foreign
Power, would not be permitted to violate the
obligations of the United States as a neutral
nation." Here again is the true rule. The
Executive is bound to take care that there
shall be no sale with a view to a resale in vio-
lation of neutral duties.
All this is so entirely reasonable, indeed, so
absolutely essential to the simplest perform-
ance of international duty, that, I feel humbled
even in stating it. The case is too clear. It
is like arguing the ten commandments^ or the
multiplication table. International law is noth-
ing but international morality for the guidance
of nations. And be assured, sir, that inter-
pretation is the truest which subjects the nation
most completely to the moral law. "Thou
shalt not sell arms to a belligerent," is a com-
mandment addressed to nations, and to be
obeyed precisely as that other commandment,
"Thou shalt not steal." No temptation of
money, no proffer of cash, no chink of the
almighty dollar, can excuse any departure
from this supremo law; nor can any interven-
ing men of straw have any other effect than to
augment the offense by the shame of a trick.
Here, sir, I am sensitive for my country. I
can imagine no pecuniary profits, no millions
poured into the Treasury, that can compensate
for a departure from that international honesty
which is at once the best policy and the highest
duty. The dishonesty of a nation is illimitable
in its operation. How true are the words:
" 'Twill be recorded for a precedent;
And many an error, by the same example,
Will rush into tho State: it cannot bo."
The demoralization is felt not at home only.
Whatever any nation does is an example for
other nations; whatever the great Republic
does is a testimony. I would have that testi-
mony pure, lofty, just, so that we may wel-
come it when commended to ourselves; so
that, indeed, it may be a glorious landmark
in the history of civilization.
Therefore, do I insist that international obli-
gations, especially when war is raging, cannot
be evaded, cannot be slighted, cannot be trifled
with. They are not only sacred, they are sacro-
sanct; and whoso lays his hands on them,
whoso neglects them, whoso closes his eyes to
their violation, is guilty of a dishonesty which,
to the extent of its influence, must weaken
public morals at home, while it impairs the
safeguards of peace with other nations and
sets ajar the very gates of war.
This question cannot be treated with levity
and waved out of sight by a doubtful story.
Even if Count Bismarck, adapting himself to
the situation and anxious to avoid additional
controversy, had declared in conversation that
he would take these arms on the banks of the
Loire, this is no excuse for us. Our rule of
duty is not found in the courageous gayety
of any foreign statesman, but in the law of
nations, which we are bound to obey, not only
for the sake of others, but for the sake of our-
selves. All other nations may be silent;
Count Bismarck may be taciturn ; but we can-
not afford to cry "Hush." The evil example
must be corrected, and the more swiftly the
better.
On this simple statement of International
Law, it is evident that there must be inquiry
to see if, through the misfeasance of officials,
our Government has not in some way failed
to comply with its neutral duties. Subordin-
ates in England are charged with allowing
the escape of the Alabama. Have any sub-
ordinates among us played a similar part ? It
is of subordinates that I speak. Has the Gov-
ernment suffered through them ? Has their mis-
feasance, their jobbery, their illicit dealing,
compromised our country? Is there any ring
about the Ordnance Bureau through which our
neutral duties have been set at naught? Here
I might stop without proceeding further. The
question is too grave to be blinked out of sight.
It must be met on the law and the facts.
I am now brought to that other branch of
the subject which concerns directly the con-
duct of our officials; and here my purpose is
to simplify the question. Therefore I shall
avoid details, which have occupied the Senate
for days ; and I put aside the apparent dis-
crepancy between theannual report of the War
Departmentand theannual report of the Treas-
urer, which has been satisfactorily explained
on this floor, so that this ground of inquiry is
