2156
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
to be subscribed by the property-holders
through the agency of the corporation of this
District., who will be responsible for their sub-
scription and who will probably be called upon
when the last dollar has beeu exacted from
them under their obligation of subscription,
to .secure what they have already outlaid by
lending their credit ov paying their money
to as great or perhaps a greater amount to
secure the first fatal advance.
1'his business called " enterprise" is sadly
misnamed. 1 have seen a good deal of it in
other parts of the country, and it seems to
me but little more than a very adroit method
of getting the hot chestnuts out of the fire by
other people's fingers. What is called enter-
prise is oftentimes nothing more than an adroit
manipulation of the public resources by which
the private property of the operators can be
improved.
1 have said to the Senate that this system of
municipal subscription reduced the rich and the
powerful county of Alleghany, in the State of
Pennsylvania, into dishonor and great loss and
trouble—loss to her creditors, loss to her credit,
and shame to those who had the reputation of
that community at heart. We all know the
history of litigation attending it. We all know
the results. We all know in the end practi-
cally how exceedingly doubtful was found the
security attempted by means of municipal
power to pledge private properly fur such sub
scriptions. it led, i believe, to the impiison-
ment for contempt of the commissioners who
refused to levy a tax under the mandamus
of the supreme court, to pay the interest on
the bonds issued, and, as my friend from Penn-
sylvania suggests to me, has led to an amend-
ment of the Pennsylvania State constitution,
section seven, providing that—-
" The Ije^'i-ilature shall not authorize an;" county,
city, borough, township, or incorporated district, by
virtue of a vote of tho citizens or otherwise, to be-
come a stockholder in any company, association,
or corporation, or to obtain money for or loan its
credit to any corporation, association, institution,
or party."
What caused this act on the part of the
Slate of Pennsylvania and its Legislature?
What, caused the adoption of this amendment
ol'tlie constitution of that Slate? Simply the
experience of the evil of embarking oil just
Mich a course as is now proposed for this over
burdened sparsely-settled District. The pub-
lie improvements pioposed to be fostered by
the credit of the county of Alleghany were all
within the State of Pennsylvania. They were
well-defined, they were far more reasonable,
they were far more plausible than those pro-
posed to be fostered by the present measure,
and yet the result was what i have stated:
point-blank repudiation by a county rolling in
wealth, but whose resources had been shame-
lessly squandered, and whose credit had been
grossly misapplied by the "enterprising"
people who had control.
Mr. SCOTl1. 1 trust that the Senator from
Delaware will permit me to correct him in that
respect. The county of Alleghany never re-
pudiated that debt.
Air. BAYAiil). Alleghany county dis-
tinctly refused to pay that debt, and f have
personal knowledge of the fact. My friend
Irom Pennsylvania must admit the fact that
for ten yeais and upward the interest upon
the bonds of that county lay iu arrear, and
that no judgment obtained upon those bonds
in the courts of that Slate sidliced to produce
one dollar of the money out of the property,
public or private, within the county limits.
Mr. SCOTT. They did not repudiate.
Mr. J3A YAIID. The Senator says they did
not repudiate. They forced their creditors
into their own terms. They did not pay their
debt, and their debt remains to this clay, as to
a large portion of it, unpaid, although 1 am
aware that the creditors, driven by the stress
of necessity, and by the admitted fact that, the
judgments of the highest court of Pennsylva-
nia were incapable of being executed against
the general public sentiment of the people of
Alleghany county, were compelled to accept
such terms as the county chose to offer them.
That was the result of it. That I consider
very sad and discreditable, and, as my friend
has said, it has led finally to an amendment
of the constitution to prevent such occurences
in the future.
Will not Congress, will not the people of
this District, borrow this leaf from the" book
of experience of Pennsylvania? What is there
in this District which represents the wealth,
the energy, the commercial means, the com-
mercial capacities of the county of Alleghany,
Pennsylvania? It is as nothing. There is no
comparison between the resources of the two.
The city of Washington has in itself very little
capacity for commercial development. There
is capacity and there is necessity here for the
creation of a great city, which shall be the
seat of Government for our Union I trust for
untold time. There is need for accommo-
dation for a large and increasing population
brought here to attend the sessions of Con-
gress to make here their homes. There is
also provided, by nature a great and valuable
water-power on the Potomac river, which will
hereafter, 1 trust, be developed for the pur-
pose of manufactures. But to speak of Wash-
ington as a metropolis, to suppose that in
commerce and for commercial purposes the
site of this city will ever be valuable, is greatly
to misunderstand what the leal value of the
city is, and what her capacities for improve-
ment are. Both are great, but both need
intelligent comprehension.
1 am opposed to this entering-wedge for
subscribing money out of the pockets of those
who are to pay all the taxes, and who own all
the property which is to respond to the de-
mands of taxation, without having any just
influence in deciding the measure? or methods
of taxation. It is manifestly unjust. Every-
where this same spirit of using the forms of
legislation to gam money at the cost of other
men is rife in the country. I have met it and
contended against it in the community where
my home is. Glowing pictures of the devel-
opment of the city of Wilmington, Delaware,
were held up before our eyes, all to come from
the judicious use of an untarnished credit,
untarnished because discreetly protected.
Well, sir, we desired, many of us, our credit
should remain untarnished, and therefore un-
touched iu that way; and finally when specu-
lators, and those men who lire called '•enter-
prising men," who wish to do so much at little
cost to themselves and without regard to the
cost to other people, found that they could not
embark the city and pledge the property of her
people for improvements outside of her limits,
they came down to what is after all the sensible
and proper way of making these improvements,
and that is carefully to estimate whether they
are required, carefully to estimate their cost,
and then by the pamtid method of self-denial
and strict economy, by appealing to the com-
mon sense of business men and those interested
iu the development of property lying along the
route, and in the welfare of the community, to
proceed to subscribe the money themselves,
and procure it from others on fair represent
ations of just and reliable remuneration in the
future.
It has been done. The money was not
subscribed at once or without difficulty ; but it
has beeu done, and the result is that procuring
these means with pains and care, not getting
them for the mere asking, every contract has
been carfully considered before it was entered
into; all the moneys expended have been
carefully and judiciously expended ; the roads
have been built, and built better, and prob-
ably at one half the cost they would have been
had this lavish allowance of public credit
and public moneys been permitted to take the
place of individual enterprise.
Mr. President, it is avery unjust proposition
surely that the men who are to pay for this
road, who are to pay for this stock, the calls
upon whom are to be exacted to the last
dollar, should have so little voice in it as
have the property-holders of the District. It
is to be hoped that such attempts as this,
such wild schemes of public improvement,
such undigested schemes of expenditure, will
lead Congress to reconsider their very hasty
action in creating such a government as that
which controls the District of Columbia. It
is to be hoped that some little responsibility
for expenses will be insisted upon at the
hands of those who are to control the ex-
penses, not as now, when a vast herd of igno
rant and corruptible people, utterly ignorant
of the cares of property, utterly ignorant of
the responsibility of it, pecuniarily irrespons-
ible, are to be permitted to control not only
the measures of local government, which are
limited in their scope, which are capable of
some degree of supervision, and mistakes
in which are capable of detection as they
are committed, but to go beyond the Dis-
trict and to expend money in wild schemes
undigested and imperfect, which those who
vote for will have no part in paying for. No
theory of equity or justice can sustain such
a government, and discredit and ruin will
necessarily be the fruits of its maintenance.
1 did not propose, sir, to do more than pro-
test against this entenng-wedge of allowing
any money to be voted or subscribed or any
obligation to be given by the government of
this Distiict for public works outside of its
limits, and I trust that this exhibition of the
recklessness with which such subscriptions are
sought to be made, this reckless assumption
of obligations based upon the property of the
District, will induce Congress either to recall
their present charter of government, or at least
so to amend it that there shall be established
some prerequisite for voting in the way of pay-
ment of taxes, of poll-tax at least, upon those
who are to control the financial measures of
the community which may have some restrict-
ive effect. You give the control of property
into the hands of those who have no property
you give the control of property into the hands
of those who never knew what the responsi-
bilities of property were; aud can you expect
where you divoice power from responsibility,
that anything but corruption will necessarily
result? If you do expect this you certainly
have nothing in past history, nothing iu expe-
rience to warrant that expectation.
Now, if there is any part of the country
toward whom I entertain feelings of sympa-
thy, whose welfare I would strive in every
just aud proper way to advance, it is that
portion of the country which was but lately
the seat of war ; that portion of Virginia wiiicn
was so lately ravaged by the operations of
contending armies. For the people of Vir-
ginia and for their welfare I have the most
sincere and hearty sympathy. But I do not
consider that they would be assisted mate-
liaily by this subscription, while I do consider
that the people of this Distriefand those who
own property within its borders would be most
seriously injured by such an attempt to lend
their credit for schemes which cannot be prop-
eily understood or controlled by a local gov-
ernment. _ Nothing is so impoitant at this
time in this country as to reestablish the rights
and powers of local self-government; aud
from this follows necessarily the duty of local
government to confine itself strictly to its field
of jurisdiction.
As I say, I fear that if this thing be once
started we shall be compelled to send good
money after bad. When the money now sub-
scribed has been expended, we shall have the
veiy strong argument that we must advance
more to save that which has been spent. It
has occurred a thousand times, and will occur
again, and I think the best way to avoid it is
not to attempt to foster enterprises, however
desirable they may be, by such h'ot-house pro-
cesses as this of lending credit for objects far
