8054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
two clerks of class two, one clerk of class one, and
two laborers, additional force in tbe money-order
$7,240and tho Senate agree to tbe same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the eighty-third amendment oi the Senate, and
agree to tbe same with the following amendment:
Strike out from fche words proposed to be inserted
in said amendment, where it first occurs, the word
two, ' and insert in lieu thereof the word "four;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That tbe Senate recede from their disagreement
to tho amendment of the House to the eighty-lourth
amendment of tiie Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment: strike out all after
the word " three," where it occurs the second time,
in line eight of said House amendment down to and
including tho words "per annum," in line nine;
and in line nine strike out the word "three" and
insert in lieu the word " seven and in line sev-
enteen of said House amendment strike out the
words "six thousand." and insert in lieu thereof
five thousand six hundred;" and the House agree
to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninetieth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: inline
four of said amendment strike out the word "fifty,"
and insert in lieu thereof the words " twenty-live:"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That tho Senate recede trom their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the ninety-second
amendment ot the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment as follows: substitute in lieu of
the first clause ol said House amendment the follow-
ing: " that a commission consisting of tho Secretary
of the Interior, ttie chief engineer of the Army, and
the officer in charge of public buildings and grounds,
is hereby authorized and directed to examine and
report to Congress, prior to tbe second Monday of
December next, a plan by which the locomotive
railroad track in front of the western entrance of
the Capitol shall be removed, with dueregard to the
rights of all parties concerned, and by which proper
connections with other railroads may be made:"
and the House agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the ninety-third amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
substitute in lieu thereof the following : "that from
and alter the 1st dav ot July, 1872, the annual sal-
aries of the Second Comptroller, ot the Register and
of the supervising architect of the Treasury Depart-
ment. shall be $4,000 cacii: and tho annual salary of
tho judges ot the Court of Claims shall be $4,50J each •
aud a suliicient sum to carry into eiTect the provis-
ions ot this section to tho end of tho fiscal year end-
mg June $0,1873, is hereby appropriated;" and the
Senate agree to the same.
JAMES A. GARFIELD,
R CLARKE,
M<tnager>/onihepart of the House.
C. COLE,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL.
l'REDERICK A. SAWYER,
Manaaeru on the part of the Henate.
Mr. GAltl* IIijLiDj ot Ohio. Mr. Spcaltor,
there were two points especially made in the
House against_ the Senate amendment,, apart
from the objections which were directed against
the entire principle of the proposition." The
j conferees have had four sessions in reference
to this question. The Senate conferees were
IS absolutely unwilling to recede from theainend-
<1 ment. After all these conferences we insisted
< that if the proposition was to be retained at
, all, there should be safeguards to obviate the
i special objections made in the House.
The first objection was that irresponsible
persons without character might make such
representations as would induce the Secretary
ot the Treasury to give them a contract, and
that this would be the last heard from them.
Theamendinent, in its present form (as members
will have noticed if they have attended to the
reading^ provides that no contract sliall be
made with any person unless he first submits
a written statement under oath of what he
believes to be the amount of money or prop-
erty withheld from the Government unlaw-
fully by any person, firm or corporation, stating
also the law that he believes to be violated;
and the statements are to be so specific that
I they may enable the Secretary of the Treasury
|sto know where the derelict property is and its
exact status.
In the next place, the amendment in its
present form provides as a protection against
biacK-mauing i hat any person having such con-
tract who shall attemptto make settlement or
shall receive money in the way of settlement
without an express written order from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to that effect, shall be
deemed guilty of a penal offense, and shall be
punished therefor.
In the third placo, it is provided that fre-
quent reports shall, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, be made by any
person thus authorized to recover property.
The committee of conference believe that the
proposition in its present form obviates as
fully as possible the evils apprehended by
members of the House who objected to the
measure.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania desires to
ask me a question.
Mr. RANDALL. Not now; I will wait
until you get through.
ilr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to call
the previous question. ■
Mr. RANDALL. I do not suppose you
desire to call the previous question until objec-
tions to this report have been made. It is one
very objectionable even in its modified form.
Mr. DUKE^ I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will let it be printed and go over to
another day.
Mr. GAKFIELD, of Ohio. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be ordered. This bill is just as
offensive as it ever was.
Mr. BINGHAM. Debate is not in order,
the previous question having been called.
Mr. PETERS. I demand the regular order.
Mr. RANDALL. I move the House adjourn.
Mr. FAHNSWORTH. I should like to ask
the gentleman from Ohio whether any change
has been made on the subject of increase of
salaries ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There has been
no change. I demand the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. I move the House adjourn
if the gentleman will not give me time to dis-
cuss it.
Ihe House divided; and there were—ayes
VI, noes V9.
Mr. RANDALL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Randall,
and Mr. Garfield, of Ohio, were appointed.
Mr. SARGENT. _ I do not think there is
any necessity tor going on with the motion to
adjourn. ^ I here is no objection to some rea-
sonable time being given for debate.
Mr. COX. It was refused, and I object to
debate now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I was willing
to yield to any reasonable time for debate.
Mr. RANDALL. You had a very strange
way of showing your'willingness.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Do not quarrel,
or we will go on.
Mr. COX. Well, go on.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 64, noes G8.
Mt. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man desires to speak for a few moments I do
not object, but am willing to withdraw the
previous question.
Mr. RANDALL. There ought to be some
debate on this important provision.
Mr. COX. I demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn in time.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 70, nays 103, not voting
67 ; as follows : 8
YEAS—Messrs.Acker,Adams, Arthur, Beck, Biggs
o'/mnfiimp -?hBIaAr' ?rai?.t0,n' Bright, Caldw®?:
Campbell, Cntcher, Davis. Dickey, Dox.buke EI<1-
redge, larnsvvorth, Forker, Henry D. Foster, Getz
Hanks, Harmer, Harper, Hays, Hereford, Herndon t
£nrr' Mnfr Larais°"- McClelland, McCormiok, Mo'/
Ciary, Mcllenry, MeXntyre, MeJunkin, MeNeelv'
Mereur, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers Mor°->nf
Packer, Eh Perry, Priei, Randall, KEd™ld $
j{!,C®pr^0 <S.^"u10o* 1?'ltchi„e- William R. Roberts,
q?' J; Sherwood, Shoemakerl
bl.uer, Sloss, Stevens, Storm, Sutherland. Swtuml
ierry, Turner, \-au?han. WaJden, Walls, Wl it/
tb"r!'£ Winchester, Wood, and Young-70. /
iMAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Banks, Bell,
Bovorulgc, limgham, Austin Blair, Boles, George M
BroqksJBuckley, Butfinton, Burchard, Burdett Ben-
fwL" rhiUtpr[,Rod^iokMR- Batlar- William X.
Clark, Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan, Comingo, Conger,
Cotton, Creely, Crocker, Crossland, Dawes, Donnan,
Duell, Bunnell, Eames, Elliott, Ely, FarwelJ, Fiak-
elnburg, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Griffith,
Haldeman, Hale, Halsey, Havens, Hawley, Huyjf
Gerry \Y. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hibbard
Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kelloge*
Kendal], Killmger, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, May-
nnrd, AlcGrew, Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Morey
Morphia, Leonard Myers, Nogley, Niblack, Or/
Packard, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Parker*
Peck, Perce, Peters, Piatt, Poland, Potter, Prindle*
Rainey, Ellis II. Roberts, Husk, Sargent, Sessions'
Shanks. H. Boardman Smith, Snyder, Thomas Jf
Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stoughton, Taffe"
Twicbell, Tyner,Upson,Voorhees, Wakeman,Wheel-
er, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M Wil-
son. and John T. Wilson—103,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Barber
Bai*nura, l*ariy, Bentcy. liigby, James Brooks, Car-
roll. Freeman Clarke, Conner. Uox, Crebs, Darrall
De Large, Du Bose, Charles Foster. Garrett, Golla-
day,Goodrich, Hambleton, Hancock, Ha ndley, George
13. Harris, John T. Harris, llolman, Ketcham, Kin-
sella, Leach, Lewis', Lj^ch, Manson, Marshall Mc-
Kee, McKinney, Mitchell, Pendleton, Aaron I*
Perry, Porter, Robinson, Roosevelt, Sawyer, Shel-
don, Shellabarger, Shober, Sloeura. John A. Smith
Worthington C. Smith, Snapn, R.Milton Speer Ste-
venson, Stowell, btrong, St. John, Sypher, Thomas
Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend, Tu thill*
Van Trump, Waddoll, Waldron, Wallace, Warren'
Wells. Wniteley, and Williams of New York—67. *
So the House refused to adjourn.
The previous question was seconded aud the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the adoption of the report of the
committee of conference.
Mr. RANDALL demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. AMBLER. I hope by unanimous
consent the thirty-fourth amendment of the
Senate will be read.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest we have the
thirty-fourth amendment read and this pro-
posed addition to it.
Mr. AMBLER. I have no objection.
Mr. DICKEY. J^et both the original prop-
osition and the amendment be read.
The Clerk read the thirty-fourth amendment
of the Senate, as follows :
And from and after tho passage of this act the
secretary of the Treasury shall have power to em-
ploy not more than three persons to assist the proper
onictfrs ot the Government in discovering and col-
lecting any money belonging to the United States
whenever the same shall be withheld by any person
or corporation, upon such terms and conditions as
he shall deem best for the interests of the United
states; but no compensation shall be paid to such
persons except out of the money and property so
secured.
The Clerk also read the recommendation of
the conference committee in regard to the
thirty-fourth amendment, as follows:
*r ^hat the House recede from their amendmentto
tbe tnirty-louri.h amendment of tho Senate, and
agree to said Senate amendment with the follow-
ing amendment: Add to sai{l amendment the fol*
lowing words: "and no person shall be employed
unuer the provisions ol this clause who shall not have
lui y set torth, in a written statement under oath
addressed to the Secretary of the Treasury, the char-
acter ot the claim out ol which he proposes'to recover
or assist in recovering moneys for the United States,
the laws by the violation of which the same have
heen withheld, and the name of the person, firm, or
corporation having thus withheld said moneys; and
it any person f.o employed shall receive, or attempt
to receive, any money or other consideration from
any person, iirm, or corporation, alleged thus to
nave withheld money from the United States, except
in pursuance of the written contract made in rela-
tion thereto with the Secretary of the Treasury, such
person shall be deemed guilty of misdemeanor, and
iMP£ArtCon-vietlon thereof shall be fined not less than
&i,uUu or imprisoned not less than two years, or both,
in the discretipn of any court of the United States
w* jurisdiction; and the person so employed
snail be requested to make report of his proceedings
unaer such contract at any time when required to
do so by the Secretary of the Treasury:" and the
Senate agree to the same.
Tbe question tecurred on agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference? on
which the yeas and nays had been ordered.
_ Ihe question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 77, not
voting Tti, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Averill, Beveridse.Bigby,
.biligbutn, Austin iilair,George jVI. Brooks, Buckley.
p?flli-(V1,i?u,r chard  ^urdett, Benjamin 1?. Butler,
iiouenck R. Butler, William T. Clark, (Jobb, Co-
burn. Conger, Cotton, Dawes, Donnan, DunnelJ,
-karnes, Elliott, i^rwell. Wilder D; Poster, Frya,
Garfield, Hale, Halsey, llavens, Hawley, Gerry W.
Jlazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper,
Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall, Ketcbain, Kil-
nnger, Lansing, Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, McGrew,
Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Morey, Leonard Myers*
