1262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
ant support in his allegations. His French
correspondent, M. Le Cesne, chairman of the
armament committee, has testified in open
court that the French dealt directly with the
Government. He may have been mistaken ;
but his testimony shows what he understood
to be the case. The Senator from Missouri
has already called attention to this testimony,
which he cited from a journal enjoying great
circulation on the European continent, L hldi-
pendance Beige. The Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. -Edmonds,] not recognizing the character
of this important journal, distrusted the report.
But this testimony does not depend upon that
journal alone. J have it in another journal,
Le Courrier des Etats Unisof October 27,1871,
evidently copied from a Parisian journal, prob-
ably one of the law journals, where it is given
according to the formal report of a trial with
question and answer.
" Whe Presiding Judge. Did not this indemnity of
25cents represent certain material expenses, oertain
disbursements, incidental expenses?
" M. Le Ceme, Wecould not admitthese expenses,
for toe had an entt/igemcnl with the American Federal
Govel nment, which had undertaken to deliver free on
board all the arms on account of France."
Now, I make no comment on this testimony
except to remark that it is in entire harmony
with the letter of Mr. Remington, and that
beyond all doubt it was given in open court
undsr oath, and duly reported in the trial, so
as to become known generally in Europe.
The position of Mr. Le Cesne gave it author-
ity, for beside his recent experience as chair-
man of the arms committee, he is known as
a former representative in the Assembly from
the large town of Havre, and also a resident
for twenty years in the United States. In con-
firmation of the value attached to this testi-
mony I mention that my attention was first
directed to it by Hon. Gustavus Koerner,
of Illinois, minister of the United States at
Madrid under President Lincoln.
To this cumulative testimony I add that
already supplied by our minister at Berlin,
under dute of January 7, 1871, and published
by the Department of State, where it is dis-
tinctly said that "recently rifled cannon
and ammunition have been furnished to the
French in enormous quantities, not only by
private American traders, but by the War
Department at Washington." This I have
already adduced under another bead. It is
mentioned now to show how the public knowl-
edge of Hurope was in harmony with the other
evidence.
There is another piece of testimony, which
serves to quicken suspicion. It is already
admitted by the Secretary of War, that after
refusing Mr. Remington because he was an
agent of France, bids were accepted from
Thomas Richardson, who was in point of tact
an attorney-at law at Ilion, and agent and
attorney of Mr. Remington. But the course
of Mr. Remington, and his relations with tbis
country attorney, are not without official illus-
tration. Since this debate began I have re-
ceived a copy of a law journal of Paris, Le
Droit, Journal des Tribunaux, of January
18, 1872, containing the most recent judicial
proceedings against the French consul gen-
eral at New York. Here I find an official
report from the acting French consul there,
addressed to the French Minister of Foreign
Affairs under date of August 25, 1871, v/here
a fact is described which was authenticated at
the consulate, being an affidavit or deposition
before a notary, by a clerk of Mr. Remington,
on which the report remarks:
" This declaration establishing that this manufac-
turer caused the boolcs of his house to bo recopied
three times, and m doing so altered the original
form."
The report adds:
" It is in this document that mention is made of
the character, X might sa.v criminal, which the
name of Richardson appears to have assumed in the
affairs of Mr. Remington."
After remarking that the witness who has
thus testified has exposed himself to the pen-
alties of perjury, being several years of impris-
onment, the report proceeds:
"Yon see from this that the assertions of Mr.
Remington give only two much of a glimpse at the
most audacious frauds."
Here is testimony tending at least to stim-
ulate inquiry. Mr. Remington' s books altered
three times, and the name of Richardson play-
ing a criminal part. I quote this from an
official document, and leave it.
Here, then, are six different sources of testi-
mony all prompting inquiry : first, the resolu-
tion of a committee of the French Assembly,
showing suspicion of American officials; sec-
ondly, the cable dispatch of Squire, son-in-
law and agent of Mr. Remington, declaring
that " we have the strongest influences work-
ing for us, which will use all their efforts to
succeed;" thirdly, the letter of Mr. Reming-
ton, reporting in various forms, and repeti-
tions, that he is dealing with the American
Government; fourthly, the testimony of M.
Le Cesne, the chairman of the French arma-
ment committee, made in open court and
under oath, that the French had an engage-
ment with the American Federal Govern-
ment, which had undertaken to deliver free on
board all the arms on account of France; fifthly,
the positive declaration of the London Times
in the face of Europe, and reported by our
minister at Berlin, that rifled cannon and am-
munition had been furnished to the French in
enormous quantities by the War Department
at Washington; and sixthly, the testimony of
a clerk of Mr. Remington authenticated by the
French consul general at New York, that Mr.
Remington had altered liis books three times,
atid'also speaking of the criminal character of
Richardson in the affairs of Mr. Remington.
On this cumulative and concurring testimony
from six different sources, is it not plain that
there must be inquiry? The Senate cannot
afford to close its eyes. The resolution of the
committee of the French Assembly alone
would be enough; but reenforced as it is from
so many different quarters, the case is irre-
sistible. Not to inquire is to set at defiance all
rules of decency and common sense.
To these successive reasons, I add the evi-
dence, which has been much discussed, show-
ing a violation of the statute authorizing the
sale of "the old cannon, arms, and other
ordnance stores now in possession of the War
Department which are damaged or otherwise
unsuitable for the United States military ser-
vice or for the militia of the United States''—
inasmuch as stores were sold which were not
"damaged" or "otherwise unsuitable." I
think no person can have heard the debate
without admitting that here at least is some-
thing for careful investigation. The Senator
from Missouri has already exposed this appar-
ent dereliction of duty, which in its excess
ended in actually disarming the country, so
as to impair its defensive capacity. One of
the crimes of the Cabinet of Mr. Buchanan on
the eve of the Rebellion was that the North
had been disarmed. It is important to con-
sider whether, in the strange greed for money
or in the misfeasance of subordinates some-
thing similar was not done when good arms
were sold to France. The Chief of Ordnance,
in his last annual report, which will be found
in the report of the Secretary of War, (page
250,) makes the following statement:
"Now there are less than ten thousand breech-load-
ing muskets in the arsenals for use. This number of
muskets is not half sufficient to supply the States
with the muskots they are now entitled to receive
under their apportionment of the permanentappro-
priation for arming and equipping the militia."
Why, then, were breech-loading muskets
exchanged for French gold? The Chief of
Ordnance then proceeds:
" This Department should, as soon as possible, be
placed in a condition to fill all proper requisitions
by the States upon it, and should also have on hand
a large number of breech-loading muskets and car-
bines to meet any emergency that may arise."
But these very breech-loading muskets have
gone to France. The Chief of Ordnance adds :
"Ten years ago the country felt that not less than
a million of muskets should be kept in store in the
arsenals."
Why was not this remembered when the
arsenals were stripped to supply France?
Thi3-important testimony speaks for itself.
It is not sufficient to recount against it the
arms actually in the national arsenals. The
Chief of Ordnance answers the allegation by
his own statements. He regrets the small
number of breech-loading muskets on hand,
and refers as an example to the standard ten
years ago, when it was felt that a million of
muskets should be kept in store. It is not I
who say this ; it is the Chief of Ordnance.
But these several considerations, while mak-
ing inquiry imperative, do not touch the money
question involved. If in the asserted dealings
with a belligerent Power, in violation of our
neutral duties, there is reason to believe cor-
rupt practices of any kind, if there are large
sums of money that seem to be unaccounted
for, then is there additional ground for in-
quiry. Two questions are presented; first,
as to the violation of neutral duties, and,
secondly, as to misfeasance of subordinates
involving money. In both cases the question,
I repeat, is of inquiry.
1 do not dwell now on the sums lost bv
France in this business. They are supposed
to count by the million; but here I make no
allegation. I allude only to what appears
elsewhere.
Unquestionably there are enormous dis-
crepancies between the sums paid by France
for arms actually identified as coming from
our arsenals, and the sums received by our
Ordnance Bureau. In different repoits these
discrepancies assume different forms. Not, to
repeat what has been said on other occasions,
I introduce the report of the acting French
consul at New York, dated August 25, 1871,
where, afier showing that France received
only three hundred and sixty-eigiit thonstiid
muskets and fifty-three million caririJge-=,
while the accounts with .Mr. Remington enum-
erate a sum total of four hundred and twenty-
eight thousand arms and fil'ty-four million
cartridges, it is said :
" Whence comes this difference of fifty-seven
thousand between the arms said to bo sent from
here and those which were received in France, if in
fact the report of Mr. Riant signifies that ttiey have
only received a total of three hundred and sixty-
eight thousand? How explain that there were four
hundred and twenty-five thousand put on the bills
of lading, and that the price of these was paid in
New York?"
Now this discrepancy may be traced exclu-
sively to French agents, so that our subordin-
ates shall not in any way be involved; but
when we consider all the circumstances of this
transaction, it affords grounds of inquiry.
But there is another witness on this head,
not before mentioned in this debate. I have
here an extract from the official report of M.
de Bellonet, the French charge d'affaires at
Washington, made to his Government on this
very question of losses down to a certain
period. His language is explicit: "Tli& dry
loss to the Treasury of France must have been
about $1,500,000, or seven million francs."
This, be it remembered, is only a partial
report down to a certain period. Now there
is nothing in this report to charge this "dry
loss" upon out- officials. It may be that it
was all absorbed by the intermediate agents.
But taken in connection with the telegram of
Squire and the abundant letter of Mr. Rem-
ington, it leaves a suspicion at least adverse
to our officials.
Here, sir, let me be understood. I do not
believe that any inquiry by any committee can
give back to France any of the enormous sums
she has lost. They have already gone be-
yond recall into the portentous mass of her
terrible sacrifices destined to be an indefinite
mortgage on that interesting country. Not
