1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3951
checks and 110 power to resist and discover
frauds on the revenue.
I think in order to do justice to both classes
we might afford at least to put printing paper
down to what books are, or a-little below that,
and then if frauds are Cotomitted we can
change the law. I do not believe that frauds
will be committed. The idea that we shall
legislate on the presumption that people are
going to steal and defraud all the time, is only
carrying out the theory that everybody in office
is a thief. I do not believe any such thing.
1 have heard these accusations made, and I
have helped to investigate them, and I do not
believe them. I believe the majority of the
people of this country are honest, and I believe
the majority of the officers of this Government
are honest.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator from Illinois that he has
spoken four minutes the first time and three
minutes the second time on this amendment.
Jtis for himself to enforce the rule or not.
The Chair does not enforce these unanimous
consents. 4
Mr. LOGAN. I can only enforce the rule
by sitting down, and I am perfectly willing to
do that. [Laughter.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sired to say that, he could not enforce it, but
the Senator himself can or cannot as he
chooses.
Mr. LOGAN, The Chair can enforce the
rule at any time on me by merely suggesting
it, and I will sit down. I ask that the vote be
taken on the pending amendment, and then I
will offer another.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois, to add at the end of line thirty-eight the
following:
Provided, That the duty on printing paper,
whether sized or unsized, shall be equal to twenty-
two and one half per cent, ad valorem.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 15, noes 9 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us have the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 81, nays 16; as follows:
Y E AS—Messrs. Bayard, Caldwell, Casserly, Chand-
ler, Clayton, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds,
Fenton, Perry of Michigan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton
ot Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Johnston,
Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Morton, Nye, .Pomeroy,
Pratt. Ransom, Sohurz, Sprague, Stevenson, Sum-
ner, Thurinan, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, and
West—31.
NAYS— Messrs, Boreman, Buckingham, Conk-
litns, Corbctt, OniR'in, Ferry of Connecticut, Flana-
gan, Frelingnuysen, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of
Vermont., (Nborn, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, Sher-
man. and Wrieht—16.
ABSENT—Mewm. Alcorn, Ames. Anthony, Blair,
Brown low. Camcion, C.i.r penter, Cole, Cooper, Davis
ot Kentucky, Gilbert, Hamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock,
llowe, Kelly, Norwood, Patterson, Pool, Ramsey,
Bice, S.mlshury, Spencer, Stewart, Stockton, Wil-
son, and Wmdom—27.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that this paragraph will be transposed to
the end of the section, as it is the only one on
1 Lis subject.
Mr. LOGAN. I propose now, in order to
show my good faith about this matter—I do
not know whether the committee will regard
it as amounting to anything—to offer an addi-
tional amendment for the purpose of protect-
ing printing paper.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
withdraws the motion to strike out the para-
graph ?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes, sir; and I now offer the
following additional amendment:
A n'l provided further, That any person or persons
importing printing paper and converting it into
writing paper, shall be- fined &},000 for each offense,
and the paper and machinery found on such premises
where the conversion was made shall be forfeited
to the Government.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not see that there is
anything in that amendment to prevent the
man who buys from the importer doing that
very thing ad libitum.
Mr. THURMAN. I should like to add to
that: that any man who imports wool and
makes it into cloth shall be sent to the peni-
tentiary without trial or conviction. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senate do not desire
the amendment, I do not. The clause as it
now stands is satisfactory to me. It was said
that this species of fraudcould not be provided
against, and the same character of law that
prevents a man from changing a distillery into
a rectifying establishment I think will protect
the Government in this case as well as in that.
I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think this amendment
is the logical result of the other. I think the
result will be that the Government will be de-
frauded of all the duty on printing paper. I
think this amendment shows the absurdity of
the other, because it shows how utterly impos-
sible it is to prevent frauds under it.
Mr. LOGAN. I withdraw the amendment.
I offered it merely to please the chairman of
the committee, because I did not believe that
thete was going to be any fraud perpetrated by
it. He suggested that an amendment could
not be drawn to prevent it, and I thought I
could draw such an amendment, and I merely
drew this to satisfy him.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to understand
this question before this amendment passes
away. According to the amendment as it
stands now anybody and everybody importing
paper will have a right to use it for whatever
purpose they please V
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Illi-
nois will know how that is.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir, not by any means.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator be good
enough to tell me how it does stand, for I may
want to propose an amendment myself?
Mr. LOGAN. It stands, " on all printing
paper twenty-two and one half per cent ad
valorem." That is all.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Secretary to
read what we have adopted. Let u8 see how
the paragraph stands now.
The Chief Clebk. The paragraph reads as
follows:
On all paper and manufactures of paper, except
books and other printed matter not herein specific-
ally provided for: Provided, That the duty on
printing paper, whether sized or unsized, shall be
equal, and twenty-two and one half per cent, ad
valorem.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the first part of this clause refers to
the ten per cent, reduction, and then the pro-
viso comes in.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I was clearly right
in my understanding. If I am wrong I wish
the Senator from Illinois would point it out.
Everybody has a right now to import sized
paper as printing paper, and then to use it
afterward as he pleases. Am I mistaken in
that?
Mr. LOGAN. It is very easy for an oppo-
nent of a measure to give it a different con-
struction from what its language is. This is
a simple proposition that all printing paper
shall pay a duty of twenty-two and a half per
cent, ad valorem; just the same as the propo-
sition that all books shall pay twenty-five per
cent, ad valorem; just the same as the propo-
sition that all writing paper under that clause
pays thirty-five per cent, ad valorem. You
except writing paper in the former part of
that section as you do other things. This is
a proviso saying that printing paper shall pay
twenty-two and a half per cent, ad valorem.
I know it is very hard for men to understand
what they do not desire to understand, but
this is a simple proposition that anybody can
understand who wishes to understand it.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from New York will offer an amendment it
will bring this debate within the five-minutes
rule.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not wish to trench
on the rule or to occupy any time. I regret
that I have troubled my honorable friend from
Illinois on this point; but at the same time I
wish to thank him for the explicit answer he
has given to my question. I am quite content
to let it stand as it is. I only desire to say,
however, inasmuch as there are a good many
people who have the misfortune to be repre-
sented at this moment by me who are engaged
in manufacturing paper, that I should like to
know as we go along how the bill affects them.
Therefore my understanding is—and so we
are to proceed with these other sections, I
take it—that any person has a right now to
im port sized paper under the language we have
adopted, it being sized printing paper, and then
has the right to use it precisely as he pleases
afterward ; so that undoubtedly it is the admis-
sion of all writing paper and every other paper
which may be imported known as printing
paper, whether it be sized or not.
Mr. LOGAN. There is no other class of
printing paper except sized and unsized that I
ever heard of.
Mr. SAWYER rose.
Mr. SHERMAN. Unless an amendment
is pending, I must insist on proceeding with
the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio objects to further debate unless an
amendment be offered; and the Secretary
will resume tho reading of the bill on page 11,
line eighty-four.
Mr. SAWYER. Then I will move to strike
out the last word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator to allow the next
amendment to be read, upon which he can
Mr. SAWYER. Very well.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section four, lines eighty-four
and eighty-five, to strike out the following
words:
On newspapers, magazines, and periodicals, un-
bound, six cents per pound.
Mr. SAWYER. All I wish to say is that
the term " printing paper" which has been
adopted in the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois, seems to me to be a very in-
definite term, for there is no quality of paper
that I am aware of, except paper that is put
on walls, that is not used for printing. The
finest and highest qualities of paper that are
made are sometimes used for printing paper,
and the term " printing paper " will include
the very best letter paper and note paper, and
the finest article that is imported into this
country.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Is the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois open to
further amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate has
passed away from that clause, and the question
now is on striking out the paragraph on page
11, after line eighty-four, as recommended by
the Committee on Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four lo
strike out line eighty-seven, in the words
" on vermuth, forty per cent, ad valorem."
Mr. WEST. I claim the attention of the
Senate for a few minutes to explain why that
line was inserted in this bill. The Secretary
of the Treasury had his attention called to the
fact that in the act passed July 14, 1870, this
article of vermuth, a beverage, was a white
wine, but had been classed as an alcoholic
spirit, and consequently called upon to pay a
duty of two dollars per gallon. Under date
of April 4 he addressed a communication to
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means of the House, in which Lb that
he thinks there must have been some misap-
prehension in the mind of Congress when
passing that provision of the tariff, "as the
article imported into the United States under
