1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1263
for the sake of France or any French claim-
ant, do I propose inquiry; but for our sake—
for the sake of our own country. Weread of
that vast Serbonian bog " where armies whole
have sunk." It is important to know if there
is any such bog anywhere about our Ordnance
Office where millions whole have sunk.
Investigation is the order of the day. Already
in France, amid all the anxieties of her dis-
tracted condition, these purchases of arms have
occupied much attention. As far back as last
April, the Soir, a journal at Versailles, where
the convention was sitting, called for parlia-
mentary inquiry. Its language was strong :
"A parliamentary inquiry made in full day can
alone establish either the culpability of some or the
perfect honorableness of others."
And the same French organ added, that
" the Chamber in consigning this matter to its
pigeon-holes refused satisfaction to an awak-
ened public morality." There is, then, in
France an awakened public moralit}', as we
hope there is also in the United States, which
demands investigation where there is suspicion
of corrupt practices. The French Chamber
has instituted inquiry.
Mr. President, as a Republic, we are bound
to peculiar care, so that our example may not
in any way suffer. If we fail, then does Repub-
lican Government everywhere feel the shock.
For the sake of others as well as of ourselves
must we guard our conduct. That great political
philosopher, Montesquieu, announces that the
animating sentimentof monarchy is "honor,"
but the animating sentiment of a Republic is
"virtue." I would gladly accept this flatter-
ing distinction. Therefore, in the name of
that virtue which should inspire our Govern-
ment and keep it forever above all suspicion,
do I move this inquiry.
On this whole matter the Senate will act as
it thinks best, ordering that investigation which
the case requires. For myself I have but one
desire, which is, that this effort, begun in the
discharge of a patriotic duty, may redound to
the good of our country and especially to the
purity of the public service.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Illinois, to
reconsider the vote by which the amendment
of the Senator from New York [Mr. Conk-
ling] was adopted, on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. RICE. On all questions connected with
this subject I am paired with the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.]
Mr. THURMAN. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Nye.] Were he present he would vote "nay,"
and 1 should vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Casserly. Davis of West
Virginia, l^erry of Connecticut, Goldthwaite, Hill,
Johnston,Kelly, Logan. Norwood, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Spraguc, Stevenson. Stockton, Tipton, Trum-
bull, Vickers, and West—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling,
Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Frelingnuvsen, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Kellogg,
Morrili of Vermont, Morton, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ram-
sey, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Spencer, Windom, and
Wright—2S-
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Cooper, Cragin, Davis of
Kentucky. Fonton, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamlin. Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis. Morrill of Maine,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Rice, Schurz, Stewart,
Sumner, Thurman, and Wilson—26.
So the motion to reconsider was not agreed
to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on agreeing to the resolution, on which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. SCHURZ. I offer an amendment, to
add at the end of the resolution the following:
And also whether breech-loading muskets, or
other musket? capable of being transformed into
breech-loaders, have been sold by the War Depart-
ment in such large numbers as seriously to impair
the defensive capacity of the country in case of war.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose to detain the Senate for many min-
utes. It has been asserted by two Senators, on
the faith of an official report, as I understand
it, that the War Department has stripped
the country of the means of defense for the
purpose of putting into the market arms
for the benefit of some foreign Government.
I supposed there was some error in this state-
ment, and called this morning at the War
Department and obtained a statement from
the assistant ordnance officer of the number
of arms now in the arsenals. They amount in
the aggregate to five hundred and sixty thou-
sand three hundred and fifty-one serviceable
arms; and these do not include the arms in
the hands of troops; only those that are stored
for future use. These facts were as accessible
to these eminent Senators as to anybody else;
and for what purpose they have paraded the
statement in the ordnance report for the last
fiscal year it is impossible for me to imagine.
I know that neither of them could have
desired to give notice to the nations of the
world that we are in a defenseless condition,
for this could do no citizen of the United States
any good. Now, what other imaginable pur-
pose could be subserved from such a state-
ment? I would not impugn the motives of
any Senator ; least of all, either of those who
have spoken and paraded this pretended fact.
When examined by the whole record, it will
be found that the ten thousand refers to a par-
ticular pattern. There were but ten thousand
nine hundred and six of the model of 1866 in
store at the date of the report. And that is
all there is of this wonderful record. The facts
were within two minutes' walk of the residence
of each of these Senators—the official records
of their own Government.
Now, if it were the pleasure of the Senate,
and I could presume on the patience of Sen-
ators, I might'traverse the last speech that has
been delivered and show that it is as baseless
from beginning to end of facts pertinent to the
pending question as the charge to which I have
alluded. I will venture to allude to one point.
It will have been observed, I doubt not, by
every member of this body, that all the evi-
dence paraded here by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts for the purpose of convict-
ing his own Government is of French origin.
I do not remember one particle of evidence
presented this morning by the honorable Sen-
ator which is from the records of his own Gov-
ernment. He has found records somewhere
else that he supposes impugn the honor and
integrity of the Government of which he is a
part.
I know that that Senator is as patriotic as
any member of this body. I am, therefore,
at a great loss to know how to explain this
significant fact. He reads from telegrams
from one French agent sent to another French
agent; a letter written and sent by an agent
of the French Government to another agent
of the French Government; extracts from
what purport to be official records of the
French Government relating to employes of
a foreign Power. These are arrayed against
the unproduced records of our own Govern-
ment for the apparent purpose of disparaging
the latter. It does seem to me that it is a re-
markable spectacle to be exhibited on the floor
of the American Senate. I ventured the state-
ment a day or two since, when this discussion
first began, that it impressed me with a feeling
akin to a conviction that this proposition for a
committee of inquiry had originated in the mind
of some Frenchman, some citizen of that young
republic—that some French agent or French
officer had some grievance to redress, for him-
self or for his Government, and that he had
found a warm friendship for members of this
body convenient for his purpose. 1 regret to
say that the discussion to-day has strengthened
this feeling, and if it were proper for me to
bring to the attention of the Senate outside
statements, not now of record, but which will
be brought to light if this committee shall b©
appointed, I may say that it will be shown to
the American people that this French marquis,
who has been eulogized here to-day by an
American Senator, and who was eulogized a
few days since by the Senator from -Missouri,
has been shrewd enough to turn their admira-
tion for him to practical use.
Sir, I know as far as it is possible for a man
to know anythiugfrom second hand testimony,
that he made personal application to an Amer-
ican Senator to introduce this resolution, or
the substance of it; applied to a Senator who
was supposed to be friendly to the present
Administration, to alfay, perhajjs, any sus-
picion of the object which he had in view.
Being unable to secure the services of a Sen-
ator supposed to be friendly to the present
Administration, may I not fairly infer that he
has availed himself of the kind offices of a
Senator hostile to the Chief Executive ; not,
perhaps, of choice ; his ends would have been
better because more surely secured through
another medium. But failing in the effort to
secure the more effective instrumentality, he
adopts one of secondary importance.
Mr. President, I regret to witness a record
of this kind made by the* oldest and ablest
Senators in this body, an attempt to make a
convenience of the Senate of the United States
in the interests of the agents and officers of
a foreign Power. I attempted, several days
since, to show that this was probably true from
the language used in the resolution, which
contained, I thought, infernal evidence of its
paternity. Why, Mr. President, had vou been
acting as the attorney for the French Govern-
ment, and had suspicioned that Remington or
any employ^ of that Government had not dealt
fairly with his employer, and had desired the
Senate to investigate the subject for you, how
would you have framed a resolution ot in-
quiry? Could you have couched it in any
more apt words than those of the Senator's
resolution as first introduced, requiring invest-
igation into the relations that existed between
the purchasers of arms of the Government of
the United States and the parties to whom
they made sale? The resolution required the
committee to inquire, not only into the prices
paid by the purchasers to the Government of
the United States, but the prices which they
received on sale to other parties. If Rem-
ington had not proved faithful to the Govern-
ment of France, had charged them for arms
at rates greater than paid, it is probable that
such an inquiry would develop the desired facts.
Hence the desire of this attache of the French
legation here to put the Senate of the United
States on the scent of the supposed bad con-
duct of Remington. Sir, no attorney could
have drafted a resolution in more apt words
if there had been no other purpose in his
mind. Now, to sustain this inquny, what is
produced? .The supposed or pretended rec-
ords of the French Government, and nothing
more. Give them due credit, and they prove
that the French think that they have been
cheated by their American agents ; that their
agent has charged them more for goods than
he paid; and not that our Government was
defrauded by its officials.
I have but one word to say on the sugges-
tion that, the Secretary of War overreached
his authority under the statute which directed
these sales. It has been alleged here several
times that the statute provided that no arms
should be sold which were fit for use, that no
arms under that law could be sold which were
fit for use, but only damaged and useless arms.
The statute says no such thing. The woids
used by the statute are, "otherwise unsuit-
able" —damaged ordnance and ordnance othd -
wise unsuitable for the military service. I he
criticism on this point to which we listened
yesterday, although very learned, I must sub-
mit, with great respect for the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri, was a mere play upon
