1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2159
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of
Mr. Morrill, of Vermont.
Mr. STEWART. That is not the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senalor from Nevada
is not in the possession of the Chair.
Mr. STEWART. I offered an amendment
to the bill proposing that an equal amount of
stock bhould first be subscribed by private
individuals, and the Senator from Vermont
offered an amendment to that amendment. I
should like to have the amendment as I offered
it read, and then I want to offer another pro-
viso in addition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
from Nevada does not understand the position
of the question. When he offered his amend-
ment it was an amendment voted on before,
and was ruled out of order. Thereupon I
introduced it myself with the change of a word
or two, requiring individual subscriptions of
twice the amount.
Mr. STEWART. I will not object to that
if the Senator will amend it so as to provide
for a subscription of an equal amount, and
then add this proviso at the end.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont.. I would gladly
do so, but I do not think $600,000 added to
the amount, paid by the District will secure the
building of the road. The road will cost not
less than $3,000,000; and I do not think the
amount suggested by the Senator would form
a basis of security sufficient to enable the par-
ties to mortgage the road, to issue preferred
stock, or m any wav to raise the wind by which
the road can be built. I regard this subscrip-
tion as utterly lost if the bill shall pass as pre-
sented. In order to secure the road I do not
think that less than one million or one million
two hundred thousand dollars in addition to
the $000,000 given by the city will effect the
object. If I supposed $600,000 would do it, I
would agree to that amendment, but it is too
small a basis for so large a road.
Mr. STEWART, i move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont by
striking out the words "twice the amount"
and inserting ''an equal amount," alter which
I shall offer the proviso which has been read
as a further amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
did not understand the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Nevada.
Mr. POMEROY. That proposition is not
in order now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would like to understand what the proposition
was.
Mr. STEWART. I move to strike out the
words "twice the amount" and insert "an
equal amount."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont is an
amendment to an amendment, and is not
amendable.
Mr. STEWART. Then I should like to
have the amendment which I offered, and to
which it, was an amendment,, read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be reported.
The Chief desk read as follows:
provided. That before any part of the said sub-
scription shall be paid, the Governor and the Board
off ublic Works, noting t-eparately, shall be satisfied
that said railroad will be completedi and used to a
point on the Potomac river opposite the city of
Washington or Georgetown by the aid ot said sub-
sciipiion.
Mr. STEWART. That amendment was
adopted yesterday. I recollect that distinctly.
Then I offered an amendment, and the Sena-
tor from Vermontmoved to amend thatamend-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY. Then you cannot offer
another amendment now.
Mr. STEWART. I will propose a substi-
tute for the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont. I propose the amendment which
was offered by my colleague yesterday, and
the proviso to which I have referred, as a sub-
stitute for the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to a
question of order. Is that in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is of opinion that it is not in order at this time.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
why ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Simply be-
cause the question now pending before the
Senate is an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. STEWART. Then I hope the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont will be
voted down.
Mr. HLLL. One amendment was adopted
yesterdav.
Mr. POMEROY. If I understand the state
of this case it is precisely this: yesterday
the Senate agreed to a proviso which was an
amendment to the original bill. Now there
is an amendment moved to that, which pre-
cludes any other amendment either by way of
substitute or anything else. It is now an
amendment to an amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
way the Chair understands it. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia.
Mr. STEWART. I seldom speak on ques-
tions of order, because I do not know much
about them ; but on this question I am clear.
I understand this question. My colleague of
fered an amendment. The Senator from Geor-
gia offered a substitute for that amendment.
That substitute was adopted instead of the
original amendment, and then it was adopted
by the Senate. Then it was in order to move
another amendment, and I did move one, but
they have not got it upon the record; so I
will let that, pass, and take the record as it
stands. Then the Senator from Vermont
moved to amend by requiring individual sub-
scriptions to double this amount. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont is not an
amendment to an amendment, but it, is an
amendment to the bill. If it is an amendment
to the bill, a substitute for that amendment is
in order ; and if it is, I propose to offer one.
I ask the Chair is a substitute for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, the
Chair is of the opinion that it is not in order.
The Chair will state the question as he under-
stands it. The bill is before the Senate. The
colleague of the Senator from Nevada moved
an amendment to the bill. While that was
pending before the Senate, the Senator from
Georgia moved as an amendment to that to
strike out all after the word " provided," the
first word in the amendment, and insert what
has just been read by the Secretary. That
motion was agreed to. The question then was
on the amendment of the Senator from Georgia.
Thereupon the Senator from Vermont moved
as an amendment to that the words which are
now before the Senate, and the question now
is on that amendment.
Mr. STEWART. When this is voted down,
then another amendment will be in order.
Mr. BLAIR. I simply desire to say that I
shall vote for the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont putting this limitation upon the
bill, and if this or some other safeguard is
not adopted, I shall feel myself constrained
to vote against the bill. It is perfectly mani-
fest that this road cannot be completed unless
there are other subscriptions double the amount
of the subscription which is proposed to be
made by the District of Columbia. It will
take at least that sum of money to build this
road, and unless the company can get it, there
is no use of squandering this subscription of
the District. Unless that limitation is per-
mitted by the friends of the bill, I.shall con-
sider it my duty to vote against it.
Mr. LEWIS. I hope the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont will be adopted.
The friends of this measure do not desire that
it shall be voted down. We inteud to have
this road made.
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President, inasmuch
as others arc offering their contributions to
this very difficult question of railroads to
Washington city through a portion of the ter-
ritory of Virginia, I propose to offer my coil
tribution also.
It has been proposed here that the stock
subscribed by the District of Columbia should
constitute a lien or first mortgage bond on the
road. Then it would be not stock at all; it
would be a lien, and it ought to be changed
to the form of a lien or a first mortgage bond
upon an imaginary road to secure the payment
of this subscription.
Again, it, is proposed that this subscription
of stock shall not be made until an amount
equal to the stock subset ibed by the city of
Washington shall be subscribed by private
individuals and paid in. Who that, knows
anything about railroads does not, know that
this thing of subscribing stock and paying in
is a mere matter of pen, ink, and paper?
That is one of the restrictions which railroad
men know very well how to avoid.
Does Congress desire that there shall be a
guarantee made to the city of Washington,
that will indemnify it in regard to the con-
struction of this road? If so, then I propose
to vote for the amendment which the Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Robeutson] has
now upon his table, and which he proposes to
offer at the proper time, that this stock shall
not be subscribed until at least twenty-live
miles of the road are built from Washington
city westward, with rolling stock completely
equipped. If you do that, then you have a
guarantee that every one can see. It is in a
form unmistakable. It is not upon paper. It
is a road built and equipped, and that building
and that equipment are a guarantee that the
residue of the road will be built. Then the
company, having twenty-five miles of road
complete, upon the stock subscribed by
the city of Washington can mortgage that
road for a sufficient amount to secure the
means to construct the remainder of the road.
Here, Lhen, is a practical guarantee. Here
is practical aid, and one that cannot fail of
accomplishing the result, in my humble judg-
ment. If, then, the friends of the road are m
earnest, if they believe the road is in hands
that will put it through, they cannot object to
a proposition of this kind ; for he who comes
forward to subscribe his money and give his
means to the construction of the road for
twenty-five miles has a guarantee that when
those twenty-five miles are built there are
$000,000 of stock on the part of the city of
Washington ready to be applied in order to
advance the road and carry it forward to com-
pletion. Therefore I say if you wish to estab-
lish guarantees, let them be such guarantees as
cannot be mistaken, such as cannot be evaded,
such as will secure the object desired.
I will not touch upon the theories of
government that have been elaborated before
the Senate in connecion with this question,
strange as some of them have been to mo.
The honorable Senator from Vermont [M \
Edmunds] yesterday declared that the noa-
property-liolders, the voteis, the masses of the
people, have no right, to be trespassing on the
rights of property-holders by going to the
ballot-box and there declaring that the city of
Washington or any municipality shall vote
stock for the purpose of aiding an enterpris"
of this sort. Ill the country from which [
came it has been established as the law of
the case, one that we have 110 power to evade,
that the popular voice, however that voice may-
be regarded by the property-holder, is the
supreme law of the land, iherethe properiy-
holder holds his property free fioin taxation
by the sufferance and by the permission of the
voter. That is the principle of this Govern-
ment. It is restricted, 1 grant, by the power
