1072.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
367
freeman's oath and the President's oath had
been prescribed for all persons as a measure
for securing the allegiance of the people to the
colony if necessary in opposition to the king.
When the general court thought proper to
refuse to the people of Salem a grant of land,
Mr. Williams caused his church to write to
other churches to admonish the magistrates
and the representatives that this denial was a
heinous sin. He proposed to his own church
to renounce all communication with other
churches of the colony, and he ceased to com-
mune with his own church because they re-
fused his advice, and he refused to join his wife
in prayers or in grace at table because she
adhered to the church; and he had, as the
Pilgrims said, "many ways of his own" which
indicated a disposition to exercise the largest
liberty.
It was such acts as these that led to his
banishment. The magistrates and deputies
were satisfied that Mr. Williams and their con-
stituents could not live together. Tliey there-
fore ordered him to depart out of the juris-
diction, because he had broached new and
dangerous opinions against the authority of
magistrates; had written letters of defamation
against the magistrates and the churches.
Otiier men had been sent from the colony
because their presence was found inconvenient,
and dangerous by the colonists, who claimed
that they had a right to choose their own
company, and who had come from England
to America lor that purpose. Mr. Williams
was of that class. He had not even taken the
oath which admitted him to the franchise of a
freeman. He had resided, by sufferauce, upon
land which had been purchased by the colo-
nists for public objects, their title being denied
by him even while he occupied it. There
were no dogmas as to the liberty of conscience
between Mr. Williams and those who dismissed
him. He was not a heretic while in Massa-
chusetts, and we understand he had not while
there developed his theory of the rights of
conscience. The questions which he raised
related to political rights and the administra-
tion ot' the Government. The charges against
him were of civil turbulence, proceedings hos-
tile to theauthorityof magistrates, and defama-
tion of magistrates and churches.
I am not disposed to asperse in any degree
the character of Mr. Williams on account of
these differences of opinion. I want to get at
the historical truth. Mr. Williams was un-
quesiionabiy to the Pilgrims a troublesome
man. i hope tber? will be no exception taken
by any of my colleagues, if I say that there
are still a few more of that sort left in that
State. [Laughter.] Upon these questions of
division which arose between Mr. Williams
and the colonists, there were no better friends
of Mr. Williams than the different Governors
of Massachusetts colony, but there were none
that approved his conduct, not one. There
was no question of religious liberty or what is
now called soul liberty. It was a question of
practical business affairs under the Church and
under the State government which they had
organized and formed upon the Church.
It will be seen now that if the colonists, in
the time preceding the organization of the
colony of Rhode Island, had declared that
they held their title to land independent of the
crown of England, by whose authority and un-
der whose power they were, as Mr. Williams
himself long afterward admitted, they would
have been taking away from themselves the
very foundation of the State which they had
planted and which they hoped to perpetuate.
And if they had denied the authority of the
Church of England, against whose practices
they protested, yet under whose authority their
ministers had been ordained, they would have
taken from the Church itself, which was the
foundation of their State, the very authority
which they had recognized by that ordiuation.
It occurred not only once but I believe many
times, that they themselves, the church-mem-
bers, or citizens as they were, ordained by lay-
ing their own hands on the head of the man
they had chosen as a minister. But they did
it, reserving at the same time a lull recogni-
tion of the authorityof theChurchof England,
even where they were brought in question upon
the matter of ordination against the practices
and laws of the Church of England.
For instance, the Church of England requires
that every minister shall be ordained by the
regularly appointed officers of the church them-
selves, and when the Puritans were deprived
of this authority, and the citizens themselves
were obliged to ordain a minister by laying
their own unconsecrated hands upon his head,
and thus making him a pillar of the church,
they did it from necessity, at the same time
recoguizing the authorityof the Church of Eng-
land. And so far this was in entire accordance
with the history of the Puritans from the be-
ginning of their career. Many prisoners who
pined tor years in the dungeons of England,
raised from the vaulted walls of their prisons
prayers to Almighty God for the preservation
and protection of queen Elizabeth, and the
success of her administration, when it was by
her order that they were incarcerated. This
was because they identified the success of the
queen with the tiiumph of their religion.
The honorable gentleman from Rhode
Island has eloquently said that when the Pil-
grims came to this country they did not repu-
diate the Church of England. And it is true.
Some of the sternest Puritans took their chil-
dren to thesteru of thevessel which bore them
from their homes, and as the clitFs of England
were seceding from their view called God to
witness that they did not protest against Eng-
land or the Church of England, but only against
their coruiptions and crimes.
Now, sir, Mr. Williams objected to the policy
of Massachusetts upon the points to which I
bavo referred. If his views had been accepted
by the colonists of Massachusetts they would
have deprived themselves of the support of
the English Government and subjected them-
selves to the chance of the forfeiture of their
charter and their lands; they would have
deprived themselves of their connection with
that church to whose authority they appealed
as a justification for all their history; and
this they were not prepared to do.
But at last there came the declaration on the
part of Mr. Williams, that inasmuch as the
Churches of the colonists had not been separ-
ated from the Church of England, they were,
in consequence of this unseparatiori. an anti-
Christian community with which no Christian
could be expected to associate. It was this
question that brought about the issue with Wil-
liams and his sentence of banishment, to which
reference has been made, and which led to the
foundation of the colony of Rhode Island.
Several years after the establishment of that
colony, when her own citizens raised questions
which were necessarily to be settled by the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain, and when Roger
Williams, having been sent to England by the
people of Rhode Island to gain a charter for
that colony, came back bearing letters from
Sir Henry Vane, and many of the friends of
American colonies then in high power in Eng-
land, asking the Massachusetts authorities to
receive Williams upon his return, and on his
way to his own colony of Rhode Island, the
colonists of Massachusetts, notwithstanding
they recognized his great claims as a Christian
and as a man ; notwithstanding they acknowl
edged his great services in his intercourse with
the Indians, they declared solemnly in council
that so long as he persisted in his dangerous doc-
trines that the unseparated churches of Massa-
chusetts were antichristian in their character
and not to be respected by Christians, they
could not accord to him that favor which had
been requested by their friends in England.
After eight or nine years of such dissensions
and controversies, in which, so far as I know,
no question was made of his exercise of the
largest religious liberty or the rights of con-
science, or that, which 13 called " soul liberty,"
Roger Williams was sent out into the wilder-
ness, as has been said, without well knowing
where he was to go. He left the Massachu-
setts colony without any expectation of found-
ing a State. He has so declared himself. Not
expecting to found a State, he did not intend
when he left the colony of Massachusetts to
plant as the corner-stone of that State the
principle of religious toleration or religious
liberty.
We are told that suffering is the parent of
all wisdom; that—
" Poots learn in suffering what they teach in song."
It is not impossible that the sufferings of
Mr. Williams during his wanderings for many
months in the wilderness, where he was with-
out bed, and often without bread, may have
inspired him with new sentiments and new
thoughts concerning the duties of men to them-
selves, to society, and to God. Itis conceded,
certainly on my pait, and I doubt not by every
other citizen of Massachusetts, that when they
made that compact which has been read to us,
and of which he was probably the author, they
did plant the foundation of a State recognizing
for the first time in the history of man the princi-
ple of religious liberty as the foundation of a
State. But we do not understand that principle
had been rejected by Massachusetts in its con-
troversy wim Mr. Williams; neither had itbeen
denied as the right of individuals to bold what
faith they pleased. That fact, I think, will be
substantiated by the history of the time. And
what more could any one have demanded who
did not aspire to make his own views the basis
of the government, and his friends its rulers?
Neither is it clear that Rhode Island had
gone further than this in the imperishable com-
pact, which became the basis of Rhode Island
liberty. It was indeed an immortal record. It
was a recognition of lhe freshest, purest, sim-
plest democracy. It was a compact for body
and soul liberty. It was then undoubtedly
without parallel in the hislory of States. It
secured rights never before vouchsafed to
man by the founders of political society. It
subjected its membersto obedience to the gov-
ernment "only iu civil things." Butforwhom
was this exalted reservation? For themselves
only, and such others whom they should admit
into the same. It was not a government for
all comers. Like the colonists of Massachu-
setts, the people of the State of Rhode Island
hoped to maintain their government only by
keeping it iu the hands of those who held a
common faith and common interests.
Mr. Speaker, I should not have referred to
these subjects hud I not understood the honor-
able gentleman from Rhode Island to say that
the lightsof conscience and of religious liberty
were the sole cause of the dissension between
the people of Massachusetts and the founder
of the State he represents.
Now, sir, I know in this hasty manner I am
assuming a great hazard in making this dec-
laration, but I want to say for the State of
Massachusetts and for her founders, as well
as for those who cherish her principles and
respect and love her character, that the ques-
tion of religious liberty and the exercise of
the 1 ights of conscience was not made between
her citizens or her government and Mr. Wil-
liams; but, on the contrary, it had reference to
those matters of practical government the
recognition of which on her part would have
imperiled the government she founded. I
accord, without reseivation, my resp-ct for
the doctrines eloquently advocated by the gen-
tleman from Rhode Island.
I believe, sir, as I have already said, that
Rhode Island is entitled to the high credit of
having been the tirst Slate to recognize the
principle of religious liberty in the organization
of that State, and Mr. Williams was the author
of that great declaration. But the gentleman
himself will remember that Mr, Williams was
