3056
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
tiers on the public domain." It limits the
application of this bill to the State of Oregon
and the Territories; but as the bill was not
printed, and the committee did not consider it
maturely, I am directed by the committee to
report the bill, and ask that it may be printed
and recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The bill (S. No. 1075) was read twice and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is necessary to change
the spelling of the name of a vessel. Here is
a bill of seven lines 
Mr. SUMNER. I must object. The Sen-
ator can get it up at another time.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will hear
it read
Mr. SUMNER. I know what it is; and if
an exception is made in one case it will be
pressed in another. As soon, however, as the
school bill is acted upon I shall have no
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
object, of course, under the call for morning
business to reading any bill exccpt one just
reported. If it is now reported it may be
read.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was reported the day
before yesterday from the Committee on Com-
merce, and simply changes the spelling of the
name of a vessel. They have got a wrong
Bpelling, and it is in the register.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wrong spelling does
not vitiate.
Mr. SHERMAN. But it makes it very bad
for the owners oft.be vessel.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Massachusetts insists on the objection, the
motion cannot be entertained.
Mr. SUMNER. I am reminded that it is
much more important to have schools where
they can learn to spell [laughter] than to
correct, an error in a bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
withdraw his objection.
Mr. SUMNER. No, I shall not. I am
going to insist on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are in order
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1067) to provide for the crea-
tion and regulation of railroad companies in
the Territories of the United States, reported
it with amendments, which were ordered to be
printed; and the bill, as amended, was recom-
mitted to the committee.
Mr. VICKERS, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 876) to authorize the building of a light-
house on Hunting Island, South Carolina,
reported it adversely and moved its indefinite
postponement.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to have that
bill go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be
placed on the Calendar with the adverse re-
port of the committee.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No.- 2186) to amend an act entitled "An
act to regulate the carriage of passengers in
steamships and other vessels," approved
March 3, 1855, reported it without amend-
ment.
He also, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
861) to aid in settling the unsurveyed and
unoccupied lands on the tributaries of the
Colorado river of the West, moved its indef-
inite postponement, a similar bill reported by
the committee having already been passed;
which was agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, who were directed to inquire into
the facts connected with the placing of Dr.
James C. Palmer's name above that of Dr.
Ninian Pinkney as a surgeon in the Navy,
submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to call up House bill No. 2048.
Mr. SUMNER. I object.
Mr. SCOTT. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of A. Gordon Mullin, of Philadelphia,
praying for the issue of two bonds of the Uni-
ted States in lieu of bonds destroyed by fire,
to submit a report, accompanied by a bill for
his relief.
The report was ordered to be printed, and
the bill (S. No. 1074) for the relief of A. Gor-
don Mullin was read, and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. SCOTT. I would like to have the bill
considered at this time, were I not aware of
the fate such a request would meet.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
desires, the Chair will ask unanimous consent.
Is there objection to the consideration of this
bill?
Mr. SUMNER. I object.
Mr. SCOTT. I did not ask unanimous con-
sent.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. OSBORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1076) for the relief of George R. Wilson ;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GILBERT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1077) referring to the United States Court
of Claims for adjudicatiun and determination
a claim for the entire past and future use of
the Norton post-marking and postage-cancel-
ing hand stamp; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1078) referring to the United States Court of
Claims a clann for the use of the Norton
type-wheel dating and printing-machine, also
the dating and canceling hand-stamp ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and oidered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. STEVENSON, the bill
(S. No. 1054) to reimburse the State of Ken-
tucky for moneys expended for the United
States in enrolling, subsisting, clothing, sup-
plying, arming, equipping, paying, and trans-
porting militia forces, to aid in suppressing
the rebellion, was taken from the table and
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILG.
Mr. JOHNSTON and Mr. KELLOGG sub-
mitted amendments intended to be proposed
by them to the bill (H. R. No. 2208) making
appropriations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public works on rivers
and harbors, and for other purposes; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to postpone all
other business for the purpose of proceeding
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 628.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The introduction
of bills is still in order, and therefore that
motion is not now in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is not a motion to post-
pone all other business in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not the morn-
ing business under the twenty-fourth rule.
That must be progressed with until it is con-
cluded. If there are no other bills, Senate
resolutions must be called for.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there are no other
bills, I make the motion to proceed to the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 628.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Has the Senator
from Massachusetts a resolution to offer ?
Mr. SUMNER. No, sir; but when resolu-
tions are over I have a motion to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are in order. There appear to be none.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the District
school bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought I had the
floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT'. For a Senate
resolution ; but if the Senator had no Senate
resolution he could not retain the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I had no Senate reso-
lution, but I had a motion to make to take up
Senate bill No. 628.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business was not concluded at that moment.
Any Senator had a right to offer a resolution.
Alter the announcement of the close of the
morning business, the Senator from Massa-
chusetts was the first Senator who addressed
the Chair.
Mr. KELLOGG. Are resolutions in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not now, un-
less by unanimous consent. They have been
passed. The morning business having been
announced as concluded, the Senator from
Massachusetts has risen to make a motion.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to give notice of
amendments to bills. I believe those notices
are in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are, by
unanimous consent. The morning business
is formally concluded.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the District
school bill.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has concluded and the motion is in
order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that bill will not
be taken up for the reason that it will prob-
ably consume the whole morning hou . There
is a bill that I desire to call up reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary to organize a
court in the Tndiati country. It has probably
come to the notice of every Senator that, there
have been great disturbances in the Indian
country west of Arkansas. Some ten or a
dozen persons lost their lives there a few days
ago. The committee has received communi-
cations from the executive department urging
the importance of the establishment of a United
States court in the Indian country, and a bill
has been reported for that purpose, and it is
important, as the Government think, that early
action should be had upon it. In fact, the
Secretary of the Interior, who was in that coun-
try at the time, telegraphed here urging the
immediate establishment of a court in that
country.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I will say, in
addition to what the Senator from Illinois has
said, that I do not think the bill will take a
minute. It was the unanimous opinion of the
Committee on the Judiciary that the bill ought
to be passed at once. It has been carefully
considered for a long time by the committee,
and there was no difference of opinion upon
it. It cannot give rise to any discussion.
Mr. POMEROY. I have an amendment
which I desire to submit to that bill. I have
been instructed by the Legislature of my State
on that subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We considered those
matters. Of course the Senator can offer his
amendment, but I think the bill ought to be
acted upon.
Mr. POMEROY. I know it is very import-
ant to have a court there, but tfye bill ought
to be amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Massachusetts yields, the Chair will
recognize the Senator from Illinois to move to
take up the bill to which he refers.
Mr. SUMNER. I cannot yield, and I will
say, with great deference to my friend, that I
have exerted myself every morning to get up
