8952
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
the name of vermuth is ascertained not to be
a spirituous liquor, but is composed of wine
and herbs." It is an article largely imported
into my section of country, and also into the
port of New York, and enters largely into
the consumption of the people occupying the
fever districts of the country. It is a tonic,
and puttng it under the two-dollar clause, or
a duty of two hundred per cent, on the cost,
has operated as an absolute prohibition. The
cost of the wine is from $2 50 to $2 75 a, case,
and it now pays six dollars under this con-
struction which the Secretary of the Treasury
says is wrong. Formerly we derived a revenue
of $80,000 a year from this particular article,
but the importation for the last year only
yielded some four thousand dollars. The con-
struction given to the law of 1870 has operated
as an absolute prohibition.
Mr. CONKLING. What is the present
tariff?
Mr. WEST. Two dollars per gallon, which
is two hundred per cent, on the value of the
article, owing to a misapprehension, as the
Secretary of the Treasury slates, as to its
component parts. I hope the Senate will
disagree to the amendment reported by the
Committee on finance.
Mr. MORRILL, ot Vermont. This article,
so far as it came to the knowledge of the
Committee on finance, is deemed to be a very
■vicious article, something akin to absinthe,
and it is not very desirable to encourage the
use of it. Therefore it was thought better
that it should remain as it is. 1 believe, as it
is made of wine and some sort of spirits and
various tinctuies of herbs, it is a very strong
and dangerous article for consumption.
Mr. W 1£ST. The Senator from Vermont
says that he believes it is made of wine and
some kind of spirits. 1 have an analysis here
in my hand showing that it is simply white
wine with the infusion of some aromauc herbs;
and the Secretary of the Treasury, after con-
clusive evidence had been presented to him,
certified to the fact that it is ascertained not
to be a spiiiiuons liquor, but is composed of
wine and Herbs. If ihat authority is not sat-
isfactory to the committee, 1 hope it will be to
the Senate.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the Senator fiotn Louisiana—1 feel 110 inter-
est in this matter myself—that for the sake
of having a disagreement with the House and
for further investigation, before the clause is
stricken out we alter the forty per cent, to fifty
per cent., and that will give us an opportunity
for I'uither investigation.
Mr. CHANDLER. What is this article?
Mr. KELLOGG. It is white wine tinctured
with aromatic herbs ; nothing more, ltseems
to me even the proposition ot the Senator from
Vermont, is hardly just. The committee pro-
pot-e to slrike out the clause inserted by the
House: "on vermuth forty per cent, ad va-
lorem." This is a very important matter to
importers in New Oileans and other cities,
especially southern cities. I have been exam-
ining the different rates of tariff fixed by the
different laws from 1859 lo the present time,
inclusive. Under the law of 1850—CO t.he tariff
was filty cents per gallon ; in 1802 it was re-
duced to thirty-five cents per gallon ; and in
1870 it was fixed with cordials and absinthe at
the rale of two dollars per gallon. There the
misapprehension seems lo have occurred. In
preparing the tariff that year it was rated with
absinthe, brandies, and high proof spirituous
liquors, when as a matter of fact an analysis
shows it to be simply pure white wine with
aromatic herbs. It is a mere cordial. The
Secreiary of the Treasury, in the letter referred
to by my colleague, and 1 believe he has it
before him, so states, and states also that he
think* the classification is wrong, and that it
should be classified, not under the head of
absinthe, and with cordials of like kind, and
high spirits and brandies, but should be sub-
ject to a less tax not higher than the old tariff
of 1862, which was thirty-five cents. It does
seem to me that the tariff fixed by the House,
forty per cent., five per cent, higher than the
tariff of 1802, would be certainly sufficient.
I have stated that it was really a pure white
wine imbued with aromatic herbs, a mere
tincture. Under the act of 1862 the tax then
levied netted to the Government as duties col-
lected $80,000, while under the act of 1870,
with a tariff of two dollars a gallon, as it is
now, under the head of absinthe, the amount of
duties collected has been only &20,000 per an-
num, they have averaged less than that a falling
off of more than sixty thousand dollars under
the higher tariff which is practically an abso-
lute prohibition. This tariff at the rate ot two
dollars per gallon.is a duty of more than one
hundred and fifty per cent. My_ colleague
states it is two hundred per cent. It is certainly
from one hundred and filty to two hundred
per cent. Inasmuch as our people are largely
interested in this matter, and it is a considera-
ble article of merchandise, very generally
used, it does seem to me that a tariff of five
per cent, more than the tariff ot 1862, that
netted so large an increase of revenue, would
be amply sufficient to impose upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The duty on this ver-
muth was adjusted as on a liquoi or a spirit, a
distillation of vegetable matter; but if Sen-
ators say it is not that—the name is not even
found in the merchant's dictionary.—if they say
it is wine, I will take their word and move to
amend the clause so as to make it read : "on
vermuth, the same duty ason wineof the same
costbecause the duty on wine at the same
cost is about sixty per cent. As a matter of
course, we ought not to discriminate in favor
of any particular kind of wine. This article
should be taxed either as spirits or as wine.
Mr. MOUIilLL, of Vermont. I suggest to
the chairman to put it at sixty per cent.
Mr. SHERMAN. We cannot do that now,
because we do not know but that it may be a
higher kind of wine, andit is clear that we ought
not to make a discrimination, either for or
against this kind of wine. The law now reads :
Wines in casks, and containing not overtwenty-
two per cent, of alcohol, valued at not over forty
cents per gallon, twenty-nvecentsper gallon; valued
at over lorty ccnts and not over one dollar per gal-
lon, sixty cents per gallon; valued atover one dollar
per gallon, twenty-five per cent, and one dollar per
gallon,"
The duty on wine is carefully graded and
provided for, whether imported in bottles or
casks. This wine should pay the same duty
as other wine of the same cost; otherwise we
shall get into controversies growing out of our
treaty stipulations. Our treaties with Portugal
and olher nations provide that no rate of duty
shall be laid on wines the productions of one
country higher than the productions of another
country. If this is wine, as the Senators from
Louisiana say it is, the duty should be the same
as upon other wines.
Mr. IvELLOGG. I should very much prefer
to accept the proposition of the Senator from
Vermont and call it fifty cents. I think I
could show the Senator from Ohio that that
qualification will not be correct. This is
nothing more than white wine.
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is white wine, let it
be taxed like white wine.
Mr. KELLOGG. What is that?
Mr. SHERMAN. I read it awhile ago. It
is graded, and consequently depends on the
quality.
Mr. KELLOGG. This costs I believe six
dollars a case.
Mr. WEST. Two dollars and seventy-five
ceuts. If my colleague will allow me, the
proposition of the chairman of the Committee
on Finance is evideutly just, because if you
make a discrimination of a lower rate of duty
in favor of this wine, that not only infringes
the treaty stipulations he speaks of, but it
might induce the malpractice of importing an
article and calling it vermuth, which might be
a different sort of wine. So I think it is ad-
visable, and I hope my colleague will agree
with me, to accept the proposition of the
chairman of the committee.
Mr. KELLOGG. I see that the rate of
duty upon wine containing not over twenty-
two per cent, of alcohol and valued at not
over forty cents per gallon, is twenty-five cents
per gallon. If the classification can be brought
down under the head of wines to what it costs,
and it can be so rated, I think we would gain
by it. It would be less than forty cents. I
hope this clause will be passed over for the
time being.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator had
better accept my proposition and dispose of
it now. We do not want to go back in tbe
bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well; we will ac-
cept it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will with-
draw that, and accept the amendment of tbe
chairman of the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio to strike out line eighty seven, "on
vermuth, forty per cent, ad valorem," and to
insert " on vermuth tbe same duty as on wine
of the same cost."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section four, line ninety, to
insert after the word "one," the word "half;"
so as to read, "on Zante or other currants,
one half cent per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
after line ninety-two, to insert " on dates, one
cent per pound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four,
line ninety-four, to strike out after the word
"milk," the words "thirty-live," and to insert
" twenty ; " so as to read, "on preserved or
condensed milk, twenty percent, advalorem."
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the committee will
not insist on that amendment. I do not desire
to discuss it.
Mr. SHERMAN. We leave the duty as it
is under the present law on condensed milk.
Surely our people in tbe West ought to make
condensed milk as cheap as any other nation,
and we ought not to raise the duty upon it.
The present duty is twenty per cent., and the
House proposes to raise it to twenty-five per
cent.
Mr. LOGAN. I only know that the people
engaged in the business in my country make a
great noise about it, and I suppose they
would not ask for this increase unless it was
right.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think Ohio and Illinois
can produce milk in competition with any
other country on the globe.
Mr. LOGAN. Inasmuch as every one
insists that his own community are always
right, I suppose my constituents are right in
opposing tins proposition of the committee.
I do not know anything about the operation
of making preserved or condensed milk, and
therefore cannot discuss it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee.
The amendment  as agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section four, after line ninety-
five, to strike out the following wprds:
On all copper imported in the form of ores, two
and one half cents on each pound of fine copper
contained therein; on all regulus of copper, and on
all block or coarse copper, three cents per pound of
fine copper contained therein; on all old copper, fit
only for remanufacture, three and one half cents
per pound; on alt copper in plates, bars, ingots,
pigs, and in otherforms not manufactured or herein
enumerated, including sulphate of copper or blue
vitriol, four cents per pound; on copper in rolled
plates, called brazier's copper, sheets, rods, pipes.
