1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2161
already. Thiss company intend making this
road, and they have sufficient guarantees if
they can get this subscription. I hope the
amendment will be voted down.
Mr. CALDWELL. I suggest to ths Sen-
ator from Virginia that if, as he says, this com-
pany intends to build this road in good faith—
and I believe they do from what he says—then
they ought not to object to this amendment.
Mr. LEWIS. They will never be able with
all these amendments, and loading them down
with these conditions, to negotiate their bonds.
That,is the trouble.
Mr. CALDWELL. I do not,see. how this
will interfere with them. If I were to take a
contract to build a road, and intended to build
it, and had the money to build it, I would not
object to a party withholding a certain portion
of the amount necessary to build it, or a cer-
tain portion of any donation he might choose
to give until I had completed a part of it, if I
had the capital to build it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator irom
South Carolina.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SAWYER.- I offer this amendment:
Provided, That the tax levied by authority of the
said act shall not exceed $36,000 for interest in any
one year.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
And provided also, That no bonds to raise the funds
that may be required to pay the said subscription
shall be disposed of by the District at less than par.
Mr. LEWIS and Mr. EDMUNDS called
for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I understand
the bonds of this city have been sold in Lon-
don at par. They were sold under an adver-
tisement that they were bonds of the city of
Washington, the capital of the United States,
the seat of the Government of the United
States, and that they were issued by authority
of the United States. With this flaming adver-
tisement, these bonds, which probably none
of us would be very desirous of taking at par,
have been sold at par.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to make a suggestion?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. NYE. These bonds are not to be sold
by the city at all. Their subscription to this
road is so many bonds, $600,000 of bonds.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not so by the act
of the District.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This is a sub-
scription ; it is to be for stock; and I suppose
the city has got to raise money to pay for that
stock, and it has no other way of raising the
money but by the sale of bonds. Now, it would
be great injustice to the parties who ,have
already purchased bonds to sell these at less
than par, for it would depreciate all the bonds
that there are on the market. Besides tljat,
I do not suppose that the city of Washington
is so anxious to give this bounty that it is
really going to destroy its credit by doing it.
It is a most salutary and proper provision. I
wonder that the friends of the bill are opposed
to it.
Mr. CARPENTER. I should like to know,
if any Senator here can inform me before I
vote on this amendment, what are the terms
of the law in reference to the payment for this
subscription. As I understand, the District
by the act is to subscribe so much stock and
then it pays that stock' subscription by issuing
its bonds to the company. If that is so, of
course this amendment would not be proper.
If it is not so, I should like to know that fact.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is no pro-
vision, as I understand, that the subscription
is to be paid by issuing bonds to the company,
but that subscription is to be paid as any other
subscription, and the city is to raise the money
by the sale of its bonds.
Mr. STEWART. Why not modify it, then,
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 136.
so as to require the subscription to be paid by
issuing bonds?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The law is
here, and it provides—
" That in order to provide for the payment of said
subscription the Governor is hereby authorized to
issue the registered or coupon bonds of the Dis-
trict"—
Mr. CARPENTER. That is, to pay the
subscription, bonds are to be issued to the com-
pany, and of course issued at par.
Mr. STEWART. I would suggest a modi-
fication.
Mr. CARPENTER. It'does not'want any
modification.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not under-
stand the law to say that bonds are to be issued
to the company.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Not at all.
It provides that the Governor shall issue
registered or coupon bonds of the District
of Columbia, "which shall express the object
of their issue on their face, and shall be signed
by the Governor and secretary of the District,
and shall be redeemable twenty years after
date, and bear six per cent, interest, payable
half yearly, to an amount necessary to provide
the sum of $600,000, and to sell said bonds
and pay over the proceeds thereof to said
Piedmont and Potomac Railroad Company."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Bayard, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell,Carpenter, Cole, Conliling, Edmunds,
Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Freling-
huysen, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Howe, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Patterson, Pomo-
roy, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Scott, Sprague,
Wilson, Windom, and Wright—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Aleorn, Blair, Fenton, Gilbert,
Hill, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Logan,
Morton, Nye, Osborn, Ramsey, Stevenson, Sumner,
Tipton, and Vickers—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Boreman, Brownlow, Cameron,
Casserly, Chandler, Clayton, Cooper, Corbett, Cragiu,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Flan-
agan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin,
Johnston. Norwood, Pool, Pratt, Rice, Schurz, Sher-
man, Spencer, Stewart. Stockton. Thurman. Trum-
bull, and West—23.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I offer the following
amendment:
Provided further. That no bonds shall be issued
under section second of the act of the Legislative
Assembly of the District of Columbia, approved
August 19,1871, until the public debt of said District
shall be reduced below £1,000,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer an amendment
which will take the place of all the others, and
is of more consequence. I have no objection
to the tax-payers of this District subscribing
their money to any railroad they see fit to take
part in ; I am willing they should be the judges
of it; but I am not willing that people who
pay no taxes should vote to make the tax-
payers subscribe. I therefore offer this amend-
ment :
Provided, That this act shall not go into effect
until the Question of exercising the authority herein
conferred shall be submitted to the legal voters of
the District of Columbia who have been assessed
and have paid taxes upon property in the District
within the last two years: And provided further,
That this act shall in no wise be construed to have
the effect to authorize any greater taxation in said
District than the two per cent, limited by the "act
to provide a government for the District of Colum-
bia," approved February 21,1871.
I do not know but that the amendment just
adopted obviates the necessity of the last pro-
viso. I believe the amount of taxation that
will be raised by virtue of this loan is limited.
If that is so, perhaps the last proviso may be
unnecessary.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No ; this is right
as it is.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What has been done
does not obviate it at all.
Mr. POMEROY. However it may be about
the last proviso, I do not like the first one. I
do not believe a man ought to be disfranchised
because he is poor. This only allows men to
vote who are rich and pay taxes. That is a
new principle to put into our form of govern-
ment anywhere, to say that a man may vote in
favor of a railroad if he pays tax, but if he does
not pay a tax, then he shall not vote on the
question. That is a bad feature to have at any
election anywhere. A discrimination against
poverty is a ridiculous discrimination on the
subject of voting.
Mr. ANTHONY. It may be very ridicu-
lous, but it is not at all novel. I think half
the States of this Uuion provide that upon the
question of raising money by taxes for muni-
cipal purposes and expending the proceeds of
these.taxes^ only ..those -who pay taxes shall
be allowed to vote. It is so in Massachusetts,
it is so in Vermont, it is so in my State; I
think it is so in a great many States, and I
think it ought to be so in all the States. Nor
do I deem it is any discrimination against the
poor not to allow a man who has no money to
decide what shall be done with the money of
a man who has it. I do not think there is
anything wicked in being rich, or that a man
should be punished for it or robbed for it.
Mr. POMEROY. If you can disfranchise
a man because he does not pay a tax, all you
have got to do is not to tax a particular party,
and then you can disfranchise them and not
allow them to vote. For instance, let our
Democratic, or even our Republican friends
have the control in a State, and all they have
got to do is not to tax the other party a poll-
tax, for that is what they require, and then,
the other party cannot vote. If they have
such a system in Rhode Island or Vermont, I
hope they will not have it in any State where
I ever live. I want a man to vote by virtue
of his manhood, because he is a citizen, be-
cause he has the responsibilities of govern-
ment upon him, so far as it is necessary to
bear arms, at any rale, if he is not worth a
dollar. He ought to vote whether he is worth
a dollar or not. Suppose they have neglected
to tax him by mistake; suppose the assessors
by some mistake have not taxed him, are you
going to disfranchise him on that account?
Can he not perform the highest duty of at}
American citizen because somebody, without
any fault of his; has neglected to tax him ? It
will never do to permit such a doctrine as that
to prevail.
Mr. MORTON. I am unwilling to recog-
nize the principle contained in the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Rhode
Island. There is a show of equity in it un-
doubtedly, and yet the tax payers of to-day
will not be the tax-payers twentyyears hence,
when these bonds are to be paid. There will
be in a great part a new set of tax-payers in
ten years, in five years, and many of those
who are not tax-payers to-day, and who would
be excluded from voting by this amendment,
may be lax-payers next year, and the number
is constantly increasing.
Mr. ANTHONY. Does not that apply to
any condition of suffrage? A man who has
been here six months to day may not have
been here six months last week.
Mr. MORTON. The case is not parallel.
Here it is proposed to confine the right to vote
to those who pay taxes on the ground that
they will have the debt to pay; but a great
many of them, perhaps a majority of them,
will be gone when this debt is to be paid,
when the principal becomes due. They will
then have the right to vote a tax which will
come upon men next year who are not tax-
payers this year, so that the same principle
which would make it inequitable under the
general vote would make it inequitable if the
vote were confined to the present tax-payers.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then should not my
friend go a little further? Would my friend
from Indiana and my friend from Kansas
limit the suffrage for the directors of this road
to those "rich, bloated aristocrats" who own
stock in it? Should not everybody vo'e for
directors? This road is for the benefit of the
whole commumtj'. It is intended to increase
the business and advance the prosperity of the
