1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
317
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Kerr.
Ho. of Keps.
tecting his products and denying protection
to me? Because, as soon as you protect all
alike, the protectionists, the pretentious friends
of " American industry,7' instantly cease to be
protectionists and demand free trade.
In a speech I had the honor to make in this
House on March 1G of this year, I asserted,
on the authority of Mr. Noble, in his history
of "fiscal legislation," &c., ot Great Britain,
a very intelligent and reliable treatise, pub-
lished in 18G7,that the adoption of substantial
free trade and the abolition of all protective
duties by that country had given new life,
vigor, and prosperity to eyery industry in the
kingdom, and had been the efficient cause of
a great reduction in the number of able-bodied
paupers, and had furnished much more ample
employment for the people at greatly increased
- wages and with shortened hours of labor.
The distinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Kelley,] the special champion of
protection, attempted to refute these state-
ments. He charged in substance, but not
directly, that the statements are inaccurate.
'He cited for authority, and with approbation,
the work of William Hoyle, a Manchester man-
ufacturer, entitled " Our National Resources,
and How they are Wasted," published in 1871.
I thank him for that reference. 1 adopt his
witness. He sustains Mr. Noble and me. He
does not antagonize either of .us on any mate-
rial question. He gives a tabular statement
of the pauperism in the kingdom each year
from 1800 to 1809, making it in the latter year
l,242,G8d in a total population ol 30,838,210.
But this estimate embraces all paupers and
vagrants, young and old, sick and well, sane
and insane, able-bodied and otherwise; whiie
Mr. Noble's statement adopted by me, and
uncontroverted by Mr. Hoyle, referred alone to
the number of able-bodied paupers. But the
chief aim of Mr. Hoyle's excellent little work
is to explain to the world the causes of British
pauperism. What does he say they are ? Is
free trade one of them? No: just the con-
trary. Subordinate causes, he says, are pop-
ular ignorance, over population, unwise and
oppressive land tenures, and a vicious sys-
tem of poor laws. But lie demonstrates that
the potential cause is drunkenness. He shows
that in the Linked Kingdom in 18G9 there
were over one hundred and fifty one thousand
licensed public houses and beer shops,
and that the amount expended on drink in
the same year was the incredible sum of
$•564,428,015, more than one and a half
times the amount of the entire annual expendi-
tures of the Government of Great Biitain.
In the single county of Lancashire, with a
population of 2,42:1.440, the liquor-selling
houses exceeded in that year 17,73-5, at which
there was expended for intoxicating drinks the
vast sum of $00,498,750. Is it stiange that
there is pauperism, abject and deplorable, and
ignorance, misery, and crime, in such a con-
dition of society? Mr. Hoyle says:
"We are acknowledged to be by far the richest
nation in the world, and yot a groat portion oi our
population are in rags. Why is this V is it because
they get insufficient wages that they are poor? No ;
for wages are relatively higher in England than
almost m any country in the world, but if is because
they squander their earnings improvidentiy upon
things that are not only needless, but useless and
hurtful."—Pago 79.
"Here is the explanation for the fearful amount
of pauperism, vagrancy, and destitution which
exists. Spend the money properly, and, with our
present industry, confirmed pauporism would be an
impossibility."—Page 117.
Thus I am fully vindicated, and the benefi-
cent, influences of free trade upon the welfare
of the poor and of all the people are conclu-
sively shown, and out of the mouth of the
gentleman's own witness.
It is so common and specious a pretense of
the protectionists that free trade is unfavor-
able to the interests of labor, and it deceives
bo many people, that | am tempted to appeal
to the testimony of another witness, Pro-
fessor H. Faucett, now a member of Parlia-
ment, whose work on "Pauperism; its Causes
and Remedies" in Great Britain, published in
1871, is exceedingly interesting, instructive,
and reliable. He bears uniform testimony to
the great practical and material advantages of
free trade to all classes of the people. But
he both demonstrates and deplores the fact,
as other intelligent observers do, that other
evils and vices in the institutions and laws of
that country, and in the habits of its people,
which do not yet exist to any approximate
extent in our country, intervene to neutralize
these great advantages. The system of poor
laws prevailing in England, Wales, and Scot-
land is most injurious to the welfare of soci-
ety, because it tends to encourage idleness,
vagrancy, and pauperism. He says " Eng-
land was brought nearer to the brink of ruin
by the old poor law than she ever was by a
hostile army." He justly attributes very much
of the pauperism to the lack of moral and gen-
eral education ; to vicious monopoly in land
tenures, and to improvidence and drunkenness
among the poor.
Great Britain's poor have wasted many of
the rich fruits and beneficent influences of free
trade, because its Government did not compre-
hend the truth that "it should be borne con-
stantly in mind that it is essential to accom-
pany each addition to material prosperity with
a corresponding moral improvement." In the
abt-ence of belter popular education, of more
effective moral development and restraint, of
more pride of individual manhood, and of
more personal temperance and self-govern-
rnent, the mere material or money-making
advantages of freedom of trade gave more gen-
eral employment, better wages, more abun-
dant food, and more money to waste in intem-
perance, and thus seemed to give new impetus
to vice. In speaking of the conceded and
great material advantages of free trade, and
of the national misfortune that when those
advantages were given to the country by the
repeal of all protective tariffs there was not
put forth also the utmost power of the Gov-
ernment to educate and elevate the people,
morally and intellectually, and to reform the
bad systems of land tenure and poor laws,
Mr. Paucett says :
" There was general activity of trade, employment
was abundant, and wages were high. But unhap-
pily in ihis prosperity there were the genus of fu-
ture poverty. The people did not become more pru-
dent; the additional wealth which was then obtained
did not generally lead to more saving ; a greater
amount was spent in drink, and the number of
marriages rapidly increased. The additional num-
bers who were thus each year added to the popula-
tion caused a gradual increase in the demand for
food; its price has consequently steadily advanced,
and the poor are now beginning each year more
keenly to ieel this augmentation m the cost of living.
Moreover, the extra numbers who were then born
are now competing for employment as able-bodied
laborers."*
AMERICAN PAUPERISM—PAUPERISM GENERALLY.
Every intelligent citizen must realize the
truth that like causes will produce pauperism
in any country in spite of free trade or protec-
tive tariffs. Pauperism throughout the world
is chiefly the offspring of vice, ignorance, volun-
tary idleness, improvidence or intemperance,
aggravated by wicked laws and by excessive
population. Those causes produce more or
less pauperism in all sections of our own
country. It is trifling with truth and can-
-rTo the same effect is the testimony of a recent
earnest, but not able, work in defense of protective
policy, entitled "Protection to Native Industry," by
Sir Edward Sullivan, who says : "Drink, no doubt,
is a cause of the present depression and distress ;
probably the greatest cause of all: upward of £100,-
000,000 sterling ($300,000,000) is consumed annually
in drink 1 It is this ruinous degrading extravagance
that is dragging down the operative class; the cra-
ving for drink, the necessity for it, is the chief cause
of the necessity for high wages and the consequent
disability of English operatives to compete with for-
eigners in many articles
dor, therefore, to array in declamatory lan-
guage the exceptional cases or sensational
stories of poverty in any country as evidence
of the general condition, or as the fruits of
fiscal legislation. Yet of this precise charac-
ter is the "cry of the children from the brick-
yards of England," from which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] cited ex-
tracts in his reply to my former speech. The
gentleman might as well resort for veritable
history to Uncle Tom's Cabin, or Walt.
Whitman's Leaves of Grass. I affirm, as
the solemn judgment of truthful and intelli-
gent history, that "protection" always has
been, and will ever be, the fostering mother
of affluence and aristocratic power for the
few, and of general depression, poverty, and
slavery to the multitude.
Protection in our country has produced
more poverty than it ever relieved. Pennsyl-
vania and Massachusetts, that have for ten
years confessed themselves dependent for ma-
terial well-being and prosperity upon the
bounty of the whole country, and have levied
tribute to the extent of many hundred mil-
lions of dollars upon all the people, have more
poverty, more pauperism, more embarrassed
poor to-day than ever before in their history
except in periods of financial crises or from
causes having no immediate connection with
tariffs. To-day we have an average of over
two hundred thousand constant paupers in
our country, notwithstanding our boundless
territory aud youthful vigor and inexhaust-
ible resources, and we speud in their sub-
sistence and protection out of public rev-
enues over $11,000,000 annually, and in
private and voluntary charities many mil-
lions more. Protective and restrictive laws,
under one name and pretense or another,
continued for centuries, are the potential
causes of so much pauperism in the countries
of the Old World. Out of those laws arose
systems and institutions oppressive to the
poor and the multitude. By their aid, the
few increased in revenues, powers, titles, and
dignity, at the expense of the people.
Has protection blessed the poor of New
England? The operatives there labor more
hours per day than do the operatives in like
pursuits in Great Britain. Mr. Atkinson, a
very intelligent manufacturer and revenue
reformer, whose statements are always wor-
thy of the utmost respect, says:
"I think it cannot be denied that although wages
are nominally higher, yet very many workingmen
and women find themselves compelled to work as
many hours for no better shelter and subsistence than
before these great improvements (m machinery) had
been made. I think it cannot be denied that it is
more imprudent for young people to be married than
it used to be. even if they are free from luxurious
nonsense; that men of moderate means and small
salaries find it more aud moie difficult to live m
comfort and independence. X think it cannot be
denied that society is becoming sorted into classes,
more clearly divided, and each knowing and caring
less about tho other than ever before. I think it
cannot be denied that the chief benefit of our pro-
gress in the useful arts in the last ten years has inured
to the few and not to the many, and that this inequi-
table distribution is due to bad laws.
The author of the Keport on the Statistics of
Labor, 1871, for Massachusetts, says:
"The statistics of wages and earnings whieh wo
have presented, both in this report and that for
1870, collected as they have been from the books ot
the employers in nearly every department oflabor,
yield abundant evidence that the manual or wage
laborer is but a very short distance removed from
absolute want, a want so near thata revulsion like
that of 1837 might press them harder and bring them
even to famine," &c.
B'rom these conditions must result very great
dependence and servility, alike hurtful to the
citizen, to society, and to civil government. On
this point the same report says:
" It is not the operatives in the textile mills alone
that are kept down in the Ireo and full expression of
these rights because of the terror of discharge, but
this terrorism extends into thomechanical, and even
into better paid branches of labor. We haveletters
fsm SASft in Y&riQUS PQSttUm* §9?-'
