11872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3057
bill which is regarded as necessary, which
iy its own provisions will go into operation
"1 the 1st of July, and it ought to be passed
romptly, so that the people here shall have
jtice and govern themselves accordingly.
4lr. CONKLING. Allow me to make a
;gestion. Why not let the Senator from
!ssachusetts take up his bill, and then doubt-
is if this other bill can pass, as I hope it can
■•a moment, letitlie aside informally, that the
mate may go on with the other bill. The
 dian territory court bill is of some import-
ance, but T do not see that it is necessary to
^antagonize it with the other bill. I shall vote
-Jto take up the bill of the Senator from Massa-
:"'ehusetts, and then no doubt he will let it lie
' aside to allow a vote to be taken on the other
'-•bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I have an amendment to
'■offer to it which I have not yet prepared,
i - • Mr. SUMNER. If the bill can be passed
*-. "in five minutes or so, as the Senator says 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know as to
that.
Mr. SUMNER. The school bill and the
.•Question of equal rights are put aside always.
• The VICE PRESIDENT. If the sugges-
tion of the Senator from New York was car-
• ried out, then the Senator from Massachusetts
-•'or any other Senator could demand the regular
■ order if the court bill for the Indian territory
-Should take any length of time in debate. The
'pending question now is on taking up the bill
>1 -indicated by the Senator from Massachusetts.
5j Mr. SUMNER. Very well; let my bill be
* taken up.
1 " Mr. TRUMBULL. That just complicates
« matters by having one bill up and then inform-
8f ally laid aside for another. I think we had
§ better take a vote, and if the Senate votes to
{■ take up the Senator's bill, very well; I cannot
x : help it; but if they do not vote to take it up,
"I hope the Senate will consider the bill to
■which I have referred. I think it will take but
"a few minutes. If the Senator from Massa-
i chusetts will let it come up, we shall have it
, disposed of in a very short time. If not, I
vask for a vote of the Senate on taking up the
school bill, which will occupy the remainder
I of the morning hour, and perhaps more.
. Mr. NYE. I want to make a suggestion to
the Senator from Illinois. We have a bill on
7 the table reported some time ago, to organize
i-the Territory of Oklahoma, in which bill there
is ample provision made for courts. I shall
' feel bound, if that matter is entered upon, to
• offer that bill as an amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I think that question
- of courts had better go over to another day,
and let us settle the school question to-day.
■i hope there will be no question on that point.
Mr. LOGAN. I suggest to the Senator from
Massachusetts whether his supplementary civil
rights bill, as it is called, will not obviate the
necessity for this school bill?
Mr. SUMNER. No; there are details in
this bill. This is a District bill, and it contains
details specially applicable to the District, which
have been considered in the District Commit-
tee, and also by the trustees of the schools
here. The general bill contains only the gen-
eral principle. This contains details, and in
some respects the machinery for carrying it
into execution.
Mr. LOGAN. i know nothing about that.
Mr. SUIINER. I hope there can be no
question on this matter.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, to proceed to the consideration of the
District school bill.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas andnays,
and thev were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the exact title of the bill.
The Chief Clerk. " A bill (S. No. 365)
■ to secure equal rights in the public schools
of Washington and Georgetown. "
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, a sense of
42d Cong. 2d 8m.—No. 192.
duty has compelled me hitherto to oppose the
passage of this bill, and I propose to express
my opposition to it whenever it is brought
before the Senate. i should not particularly
desire to have it come up now ; at the same
time i propose that my opposition to it shall
be of the most regular and orderly character.
i do not desire to evade the question, and it
will be for the Senate to pass upon it when it
is brought properly before it. I do not know
how long a time my remarks will occupy. If
they should be prolonged beyond the morning
hour, i should desire to be permitted to finish
them, and not to be cut short by this very lim-
ited time. If it can be the understanding of
the Senate that I may be permitted to go on
if my remarks exceed the residue of the morn-
ing hour, I shall not then interpose my vote
to delay the taking up of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I should have no objection.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator's vote of course
is potential here in many ways ; but it is not
nevertheless absolute and omnipotent. If I
am to be cut off midway in the few remarks I
propose to submit, I shall object to taking up
the bill during the morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator desire the Chair to submit that question
to the Senate ?
Mr. BAYARD. I do not, because I do not
care to make my convenience a subject of
consent
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
does not ask unanimous consent, but gives
notice of the fact that he will desire some time
after the morning hour on this bill if it shall
be taken up.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 17 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Chandler, Clayton, Cole,
Colliding, denton, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Howe, Kellogg, Nye, Osborn,
Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer, Scott, Sher-
man, Stewart, Sumner, Wilson, and Windom—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Cooper, Ferry
of Conneeticut, Gfoldthwaite,Hamilton ot Maryland,
Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Pratt, Sauls-
bury, Sprasue, Stevenson, Stockton, Trumbull, and
Vickers—17. ^
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Blair, Bore-
man, Brownlow, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron,
Carpenter, Corbett, Cragin, Davis ofKentueky, Davis
of West Virginia, Edmunds, Hamilton of Texas,
Ilamlin, Harlan, Hill, Lewis, Logan, Morrill ot
Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton Patterson, Ran-
som, Robertson, Schurz, Spencer, Thurman, Tipton,
West, andWright—32.
So the motion was agreed to.
EQUAL 1UGHTS IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
accordingly resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 305) to secure equal rights in the
public schools of Washington and George-
town.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to ask a question
as to the order of business. I understood that
the bill of the Senator from Massachusetts, if
taken up, was to be taken up subject to any
other business that might be offered. I wish
to know whether that was the understanding
of the Chair?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator is
incorrect. That was not agreed to by the
Senate. There were suggestions made by the
Senator from New York in regard to the bill
of the Senator from Illinois, which were not
acceded to. There was also a suggestion of
the Senator from Delaware that he desired to
speak longer than one o'clock, but he did not
desire that question to be submitted to the
Senate, so that no agreement was emered into.
Mr. BAYARD addressed the Senate in
opposition to the bill, speaking uutil one
o'clock.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Post Office appro-
priation bill is before the Senate, and the
Chair recognizes upon ft the Senator from
Minnesota, [Mr. Windom,] who is entitled to
the floor.
Mr, SUMNER, I hope the Senator from
Delaware may be allowed to continue his
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Minnesota yield that the appropri-
ation bill may be informally passed over to
continue the consideration of the present bill ?
Mr. WINDOM. I yield to allow unanimous
consent to be asked.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Minnesota yields to the Senator from Massa-
chusetts to ask unanimous consent to continue
the consideration of the present bill until the
Senator from Delaware concludes his remarks.
Is there objection?
Mr. WINDOM. I will not object to that,
to allow the Senator from Delaware to con-
clude his remarks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be no objection to the Senator from Del-
aware concluding his remarks, after which
time the Senator Irom Minnesota gives notice
that he will insist on the regular order unless
it is laid aside by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I do not know how long the
Senator from Delaware may require in his re-
marks. I do not wish to prevent him con-
tinuing his speech, bat I should like to know
how long it will require, whether it will con-
sume the day.
Mr. BAYARD. Oh, no ; I will not con-
sume the day. I am sorry to consume any of
the time of ihe Senate on this business. At
the same time I do not think it right to tie me
down to minutes
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator from
California will allow the Senator from Dela-
ware to proceed.
Mr. COLE. I did not ask for the purpose
of shortening the debate, but
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator has permitted
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts to
take up this measure, and I have expressed
on several days my intention to oppose it in
the usual and orderly way, not for the purpose
of delay, but simply to vindicate what I think
to be right.
Mr. NYE. The Senator from Minnesota
said he had no objection to the Senator from
Delaware proceeding.
Mr. COLE. I have no objection.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Clerk to read
the law which I sent to the desk.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires it to be understood that the appropriation
bill is informally passed over, subject to the
call of any Senator should the debate be pro-
longed. At the close of the speech of the
Senator from Delaware, the Senator from
Minnesota gives notice of his intention to
demand the regular order.
Mr. BAYARD resumed the floor and con-
cluded his speech in opposition to the bill,
which will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) The Post Office appro-
priation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope there may be no
question——
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I believe I
have the floor. I ask the Senator having the
appropriation bill in charge to allow me io
present an amendment to the pending bill,
that I may have it printed.
Mr. WINDOM. Certainly.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, In order to
give notice of it, I will read the amendment.
It is to amend the bill m section one by strik-
ing out the words "passage of this act" and
inserting "approval of this act by the people
of Washington and Georgetown, in the man-
ner hereinafter provided;" and also to add
the following as section six:
An election shall be held in the cities of Washic tr-
io n and Georgetown on tb e first Monday ot July, A.I>.
1872, at the customary voting places in said cities,
and upon such notice and between such hours as 13
required by law for other elections therein, and
shall be by ballot} an4 oe meh ballot sWl be writ*
