370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
which is not in accord with what we under-
stand to be historic truth.
Mr, COX. Mr. Speaker, I am reluctant to
mtrudeuponthesefunereal ceremonies enacted
two hundred years after the burial of Roger
Williams; but, after what we have heard on
matters connected with esthetics, history, re-
ligious toleration, and "soul liberty," T under-
take to say that Roger Williams will never
suffer by discussion in this House from the
State of Massachusetts, or in this age of en-
lightenment.
We are all, Mr. Speaker, under obligation
to Roger Williams, though it extends back
nearly two centuries. I am ashamed to say
that the State of Rhode Island, where I was
educated, has never yet erected a monument
to his memory, or even discovered the place
of his sepulture. It does not much matter, as
his soul is not located. Some one has said
that an apple-seed planted in the ground
struck into his skull, and lias produced fruit.
It has so, for many generations. Under the
shadow of that apple-tree, men can sit down
as under the old vine and fig-tree of the Scrip-
tures, with none to molest or make afraid, so
far as God and religious connection arc con-
cerned.
Mr. Speaker, Roger Williams came to
Rhode Island driven through the woods. He
landed on the rock called •• What-Cheer." I
have often stood upon that ''"ruck." He was
received by the Indians with kindly welcome.
Hence the name of the rock. He was a true,
goodj and tolerant Christian gentleman. The
colony of Massachusetts, which cast him oat.
could not appreciate sucli a soul at that time;
nor have they since, though Mr. Bancroft, gives
him an immortality as one of the heroes of
our star.
Roger Williams went into the wilderness.
The very savages received him after be had
been exorcised, as a bad spirit, by that puti-
tanical element so lauded here to-dav at his
expense: the same spirit which left England
to escape sacrifice.atid disasters. It makes hi
true history no exhibition of the heroism of
those great Puritans of England who, likePym,
Hampden, Vane, and Cromwell, did not "leave
their country for their country's good."
Nor did the Puritans come to this country,
as has been said, to leave their mother Church
of England. Without leaving their church at
all they went to Holland. There they became
so troublesome and pestiferous that the Dutch
shipped them to some unknown country. It
was shrewdly suspected and is generally be-
lieved that it was intended to land them on the
island which I have the honor, in part, to rep-
resent; but by some dispensation of Provi-
dence. or a trade or bribe with the skipper,
they did not land there, but at Plymouth.
The Puritans made a system of government
which has been much praised. But, as I could
show from history, it does not contain one ele-
ment of democratic, religious, or civil liberty.
It struck down the capital thought of civil liberty.
It throttled Roger Williams by exiling soul lib-
erty. This is proved by the elegant and truth-
ful speech of the gentleman from Rhode Island.
All history confirms it. My reason for voting
to receive this statue from Rhode Island is
that Roger Williams was the champion of that,
which was then too great and generous for Mas-
sachusetts to accept; but which the American
Republicin 1787—ay. all nations now—includ-
ing Spain and Italy, receive as the organic
law of the relation between God and His crea-
tures.
la America we are not wiihout illustrations
of religious liberty. Lord Baltimore illu-tra'e 1
it in Maryland, as Roger William- , almost eou-
.temporary, illustrated it in Rhode Island
But if you will search history for truth, von will
find that these Pilgrim fathers, so prodigally
lauded, when they were about, to come to this
country went to King James and applied For a
charter. They told him that, they wanted to
go to another land to "worship God, and—
catch fish." [Laughter.] The gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] just before me,
will see the propriety of his keeping up that
record. [Laughter.] King James said in
reply: ''Fore God! All right! Go and wor-
ship God and catch iish ; for catching fish
is the apostles' own calling." [Laughter.]
The Puritans, therefore, came to this coun-
try with an eye always upward to God, and
with an eye somewhat downward for a bite.
[Laughter.]
But, Mr. Speaker, I did not expect to par-
ticipate in this debate. I had 110 right perhaps
to enter into the discussion, except for this one
reason: I belong to the little State of Rhode
Island. Perhaps, bv my size, I belong to that
little State which Major Noah once said he
could put in his breeches pocket, and which I
believe is entitled almost to one representa-
tive under the recent apportionment—'■ two."
some gentleman says. I shall be satisfied with
one—Roger Williams! But whether one or
two, she is a sovereign State; and most sov-
ereign in the ideas ot Roger Wibiamsl
I have reason, sir, to love Rhode Island ; I
have reason to revere the memory of Roger
Williams—not because he was a Baptist, or
that I am particularly fond of water. [Laugh-
ter.] I am especially a friend of Rhode Island
because, as a boy, I was drawn thither to lier
splendid and liberal college, Brown University,
and to the grand presence of that truly noble
man, a fit successor of Roger Williams, Dr.
Wayland. He was the demi-gol of our era.
Under his tuition I spent the happiest of my
days. The chief delight of my life is that I
was educated by his great and generous soul ;
and in a college, the first clau.sein the charter
of which was that there should be perfect re-
ligious liberty to Protestant and Catholic- to
Jew and Gentile, to paynitn and infidel—all
alike.
This is the distinguishing characteristic of
Rhode Island. The principle of religious lib-
erty, or as Roger Williams himself called it, of
'•soul liberty." is illustrated in the charter of
the college of Rhode Island. In Massachu-
setts they made their laws to conform to the
law of God: but the Puritan people and the
Puritan Church were the Aarons always to
interpret those laws. Like the Ulemats of
the Turkish constitution, it'called upon by the
Sultan to interpret the constitution; if they did
not interpret the constitution according to the
idea of the Sultan, they were to be pounded to
death in a mortar. [Laughter.]
The Puritan adopted a similar mode. I am
sure there has been improvement in recent
times. There has been grt at advance in Massa
chusetts since Roger Williams went into the
wilderness. 1 have seen the day, and I am not
old, when a Baptist, an Episcopalian, a Sepa-
ratist, Quaker, uraDesenter, would have stood
in fear of being hung, if not in Washington,
on Boston Common, [laughter;] but I do not
believe at this day that any man in this House
would wish to revive the relentless, terrible,
and horrible agonies through which the better
men of our colonies passed two hundred years
ago. We have passed all that; no thanks to
the Puritan. Tneie is to be no more tearing
out of Quaker tongues, no more death of sup-
posititious witches, no exile of Baptists. We
have fixed it as a part of the Constitution, not
leligious liberty for this one or that one, but
complete religious or "soul liberty," for all,
not the mere toleration ; not the writ, of habeas
corpus which you have altogether abrogated,
not the bbertv of print, speech, locomotion, or
life, but the liberty in which each and every
man exults, as a sent'enr being, when antram-
nieled, he lilts his soul in prayer to his Maker
and his God. I'herefjre. I welcome this effigy
of Roger William- to the (V.'.iiol. It is a pro-
test against intoliea'ice a.id bigotry. It is an
everlasting svm'nl ol religious liberty, as lixed
m our CoM-ti"iiio , by the practice and ex-
ample of Roger Wilb-nns ami Rhode island.*
Let his fotin in marble ever reproduce in the
mind the generous, logical, and noble truths
of his life of sacrifice and devotion.
Mr. BUI'LEl!, of Massachusetts. I lis-
tened wilh great, pleasu>e, Mr. Speaker, to the
very able, well put, and eulogistir address of
the honoiable gentleman from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Eamks.] I agiee with every word that
he said in praise ot one of the foremost men
of his day, and I am glad that while Rhode
Island has not preserved a lineament of his
face, or any correct effigy of his form, or even
the memory of the spot, in a State small enough
to find it, where his grave is. that at-this late
day her people have placed a statue here as a
monumentto the practical founder of religious
liberty. I'had thought, Mr. Speaker, it were
not well even to controvert anything which
seemed not to do justice to Massachusetts. I
looked upon it as a finished oration, as a sort
of funeral eulogitun, in which it is always per-
mitted to say all possible good about the dead,
even at the expense of other dead, or the liv-
ing, if not too unjust perhaps; and. therelore,
I saw no sufficient reason why I should inter-
fere, although in that I may have been mis-
taken.
But the remarks my colleague feit himself
called on to make, which have brought the
early founders of Massachusetts somewhat in
prominence before the House, and what has
fallen since from the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Cox] as to them, seem to demand a word
of explanation of the Put itan character, which,
I am certain, the gentleman fiom New York
neither understands nor appreciates.
True it is, sir, the Pilgrims left England for
Holland be ause they could not worship God
according to the dictates of their conscience
'ii their English homes. They went to Hol-
land where they had full liberty of c mseieiu-e,
full tight to worship God in the form they de-
sired. but where they did not remain, for the
reason that they could have no control in
teaching and bringing up their young men and
young maidens in their fathers' faith ; where
heresies ot' all descriptions were, in their view,
undermining the true practices of'the word of
God. .And for that reason th v did—what?
They sought a now world. For what purpose?
For thepurj ose of loinidingaChnrch which of
itself should be a State, which looked to but
one ruler, looked to bur, one superior, looked
to but one head, and that the Lord in heaven ;
and looked to but one law and but one guide,
and that His holy Word. As the gentleman
from New York has said, they hiied a captain
to land them, where I suppt ae they intended
to land, on the island of Manhattan, or some-
where m what is now the State of New York,
which lie' failed to do. And, Mr. Speaker,
may we not pause a moment to contemplate
what would have been the change in iha' island
if they had landed there? [Laughter.] May
not we of Massachusetts, fishermen as we are,
some of us—followers of St. Peter, at an
humble distance, as we are—may we not p< int
to Massachusetts, on the one side, as a speci-
men of a Puritan Commonwealth, and to the
island of Manhattan, on the other, as a Com-
monwealth that I have no words of character-
ization?
Now, sir, when our Pilgrim fathers came to
Plymouth for this high and noble purpose what
did they <lo? They gave up the refined soe'ety
of the Old World : nay, more, all the comlbrts
of civilization and delights of homo and pleas-
ures of country. For what? For conscience'
sake. Why? Because they believed in their
souls that their religious teachings and doc-
trines were right and all others wete wrong.
They came to a wilderness and endured eveiy
privation, even the hoi rors of .starva!ion ; they
risked ihe attacks of a savage, tin unknown
toe, extending over the c ntinen: : tli -y en-
countered hli the horrors of climate, sickness,
an I de.ilh it--ell, for the purpose of founding a
commonwealth in which I hey could worship
God as the) believed was Jim will according to
His word. Thus they f'oiuided religious liberty
