3058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
ten or printed the word "approved " or "disap-
proved ;" and if a majority of ail the ballots^cast
in said cities shall be so written or printed ' ap-
proved," then this act shall take effect as in the
first scetion thereof is provided ; but if the majority
of such ballots shall be printed or written 'disap-
proved," then this act shall be of no effect.
I ask that, this amendment may be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The school
bill has passed from the consideration of the
Senate, and the Post Office appropriation bill
is now before the body, but if there be no
objection this amendment will be printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I shall offer
it when the school bill comes up again, and I
wish to have it printed in the mean time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order
will be entered.
Mr. WINDOM rose.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
allow this bill to be proceeded with to the end.
Mr. WINDOM. if a vote can be taken I
will not object.
Mr. SUMlSTER. I think there will be very
little discussion.
Mr. WINDOM. If it is to be further dis-
cussed I must insist on the appropriation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. If I supposed it was to
occupy much time I should not ask the Sen-
atorto yield, but he will see that we have taken
this bill up now two or three times, and I_ask
him if it is expedient that we should be obliged
to take it up again?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts asks that by unani-
mous consent the appropriation bill may be
laid aside for the purpose of continuing the
consideration of the school bill.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I propose to
discuss that bill. I have submitted an amend-
ment which I wish to have printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut objects.
Mr. SUMNER. Is that in the nature of
an objection? The Senator says he will dis-
cuss it. Very well.
Mr. VICKERS. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland objects.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have the greatest
respect for the Senator from Massachusetts,
but it seems to me ho ought to understand
by this time that this bill of his is destined
to have a very thorough discussion in this
body.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; then is it not
better that it should go on now ?
Mr. CASSERLY. But I appeal to the Sen-
ator whether he should undertake to force it
through in this manner over the appropriation
bill already pending?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maryland objects to the further laying
aside of the appropriation bill, and the school
bill cannot be proceeded with without a vote.
Mr. SUMNER. I appeal, then, to the
Senator from Minnesota to allow the bill that
has been under consideration to-day to be
proceeded with to the end. We have com-
menced it; the plow is in the furrow ; and let
us go on.
Mr. WINDOM. It is not in my power I
believe to consent to anything of the sort.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maryland objected, and the school bill
can only be taken up by laying the appropria-
tion bill on the table.
Mr. SUMNER. It is in the power of the
Senator to put aside this bill for the present.
Mr. WINDOM. It is in the power of the
Senate, not in my power. I hope, however,
the Senate will complete this appropriation
bill, which has been under consideration two
or three days. I do not feel at liberty to
consent to let it go over.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1070) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the year
ending June 30, 1873, the pending question
being on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations, in section four, line twenty-
six, to strike out "one hundred and fifty"
and insert "four hundred;" so as to make
the clause read, "for steamship service be-
tween the United Statesand Brazil, §400,000
and to insert after "dollars" the following
clause:
And the Postmaster General is hereby directed
to increase the mail service with Brazil now in
operation under the act approved May 28,1864, so
as to provide for deliveries of the mails in New
York and Kio de Janeiro twice each month ; and
he shall require said semi-monthly service to be
performed bv steamships wholly constructed m the
United States (two of which shall be of not less
than two thousand five hundred tons burden, and
the others of not less than two thousand tons
burden) for the term of years provided by the for-
mer contract; and the Government of the United
States shall have the right, in case of war, to take
any of said vessels for its own use upon payment
of a reasonable compensation therefor: Provided,
That the expense of the service shall be divided
between the Governments of Brazil and of the Uni-
ted States: and that the United States portion
thereof shall not exceed $400,000 for service twice
performed per month.
Mr. WINDOM. In conformity with the
action of the Senate yesterday, or at least in
partial conformity therewith, I offer a substi-
tute for the amendment printed in the bill.
It is to strike outall after the word ''Brazil,"
in line twenty-six, and to insert in lieu thereof
the following:
Four hundred and fifty thousand dollars. And
the Postmaster General is hereby directed to
increaso the mail service with Brazil, now in
operation under tho act approved May 28, 1861.
so as to provide for deliveries of the mails at New
York and Itio dc Janeiro twice each month, and
in the contract therefor he shall require said semi-
monthly service to be performed for the term of
years provided by the original contract, and by
steamships wholly constructed in the united States,
two of which shall be of not less than twenty-tive
hundred tons burden, and the others of not less than
two thousand tons burden, all of which shall be
officered by eitixens of the United States or those
who have declared their intention to become citi-
zens; and the contractors shall be required to carry
the United States mails, without extra charge, on
all the steamers they may run on said line, or any
part of it, or any branch or extension thereof: Pro-
vided, That all steamships hereafter accepted for
said .service shall b© constructed so as to be readily
adapted to the armed naval service of the United
States in timo of war; and before acceptance the
oflicors by whom tliey may bo inspected shall report
to tho Secretary of the Navy and the Postmaster
General whether this condition has been complied
with; and the Government shall have the right, in
case of war, to take any of said vessels for its own
use upon payment of a reasonable compensation
therefor: Provided further, That the entire cost to
the United States of said service pertormed twice
each month shall not exceed $150,000 per annum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the order adopted yesterday
limiting debate to five minutes is still in force
to-day.
Mr. CHANDLER. I notice that while the
service is doubled by this amendment the pay
is trebled; that is to say, at present $150,000
is paid for a monthly service, and the com-
mittee propose to pay $450,000 for a semi-
monthly service. 1 should like to know tlie
reason why the committee do not insist upon
treble the service if they treble the pay.
Mr. WINDOM. The Senator from Lou-
isiana [Mr. West] has charge of this amend-
ment, and he will doubtless answer the ques-
tion.
Mr. WEST. I did not distinctly hear the
Senator from Michigan, and I should like him
to repeat his question.
Mr. CHANDLER. I stated that the pay
now for monthly service is $150,000 a year.
This amendment proposes to double the ser-
vice, that is to give a semi-monthly line instead
of a monthly, and to treble the pay. In other
words, it would be $300,000 if they doubled
the pay and doubled the service, but they
double the service and treble the pay. They
raise the pay from $150,000 to $450,000 and
only double the service.
Mr. WEST. The particular answer to the
, Senator from Michigan, and it is one that if he
will recall itto his recollection, his experience
here will remind himself of, is that the original
contract for the service was a joint contract
made as between the Government of Brazil
and the Government of the United States;
that is to say, under the act of May 28, 1864,
establishing this service, it was stipulated and
agreed that it should be jointly borne by the
two Governments, but that in no event should
the charge upon the Government of the Uni-
ted States exceed $150,000. The Government
of Brazil, as I am informed, has contributed
to this line a subsidy of $100,000 per annum,
making the totalcompensation to the company
$250,000. The agreement as between the
Government of Brazil and this company ex-
pires in a very few years, within three years,
as I am informed, and there has been sueh
objection made by other companies who are
not put on the same footing as the American
company has been as to make it out of the
question for Brazil to advance a similar com-
pensation or proceed in the same ratio in the
future service. Now, had the Senator who
sits adjacent to the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
called upon him for the very exhaustive and
able report that committee has made within a
few days, setting forth all the facts in connec-
tion with this service, it would hardly have
been necessary for him to ask the question.
That report goes on to show that at the present
time we have a very imperfect service in con-
nection with the Brazilian ports ; that the trips
are necessarily so long that it is out of the
question to derive the full advantage from
them that would be derived if they were more
continuous or more repeated.
However, I will not enter upon that matter.
I will refer the Senator to the report, but I
have answered his question, that the semi-
monthly service which is now proposed must
of necessity be entirely borne by the Govern-
ment of the United States on account of the
conflict of the provision with the usages ac-
corded to other nations by the Brazilian Gov-
ernment.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to inquire
of the Senator if that report is a lengthy one.
Mr. WEST. No, sir. Some of it might be
omitted, but if it should be read, and if the
Senate would give attention to the reading, it
would save a great deal of debate.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear the
report read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
made by Mr. Ramsey, from the committee, on
the 26th of April:
The Committee on Post Offices an.d Post Roads,
to whom were referred the memorial and supple-
mentary memorial of the United States and Bra-
zil Mail Steamship Company respectfully report:
That mail steamship service to Brazil was inaugu-
rated under act of Congress approved May 28,18b4.
Brazil had agreed to bear part of the expense, thus
preferring the United States to all other nations.
Tho Postmaster General attests the fidelity of ser-
vice under the contract, but hestates that the route
is too long for monthly service ; that under the best
possible schedule of running the outgoing steamer
must leave New York two days after the arrival ot
the incoming steamer. As neither letters, nor re-
mittances, nor shipments under commercial orders
can be prepared in this limited time, and as they
cannot await thirty-two days for the next departure
from New York, they necessarily fall into British
steamers. Our people, deprived of the reciprocal
opportunities for exchange of commodities, lose the
main benefits contemplated when this service was
begun. The Postmaster G-eneral urges double ser-
vice as a practical necessity. The contractors otter
to bind themselves to perform this for a moderate
mail pay. They state that they have paid $4,000,00u
in gold for duty on coffee imported by their steamers,
besides increasing the trade largely in divers ways.
They offer proof that owing to disjointed service
they have, in seven years, (although they have paid
nothing for insurance,) not earned, altogether, five
percent.; in other words, have barely managed to
keep out of debt. They are confident that double
service will secure a large export trade. If they are
refused this, they ask to be released from their con-
tract. They are known to be able and economical
managers. The route is therefore presented practi-
cally, on both sides, as one capable of yielding ^reat
public benefits with adequate service. The alter-
native seems to be semi-monthly steamship service
or no steamship servico whatever. „
Petitions have been received, by the cojatA«tx 
