1872.3
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
42d Cong-....2d Sess.
Free Trade,—Mr. McNeely.
Ho. of Reps.
daring the fiscal year ending June 30, 1870,
amounted to §383,323,944 89. Of that sum
$143,098,153 63 was. collected under the in-
ternal revenue laws, $206,270,408 05 under the
tariff, leaving $2,388,646 68 derived from the
sale of public lands; and $31,566,736 89 from
miscellaneous sources. For this system, which
imposes this great tax upon labor, I propose
one of direct taxation on the basis of wealth,
hy which property shall bear the burden of
supporting the Government. To accomplish
this reform in the collection of revenue I
offered an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States on the 11th day of December
last, which is now before the Committee on
the Judiciary. I will ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Section 1. Congress 3hall have no power to lay and
collect duties on imports or excises.
Sec. 2. That Congress shall raise such revenue as
may be required undor the Constitution by a direct
tax laid annually upun the United States, which
shall be apportioned among the several States and
Territories and the District of Columbia according
to the valuation of property within the same, re-
spectively, so that evory person and corporation
shall pay a tax in proportion to his, her, or its prop-
erty, such valuation to be ascertained in such man-
ner as Congress may prescribe: Provided, That the
property of the United States, of the several States,
Territories, the District of Columbia, counties, and
other municipal corporations, and such other prop-
erty as may be used exclusively for agricultural and
horticultural societies, for school, religious, ceme-
tery, and.charitable purposes, shall be exempt from
such taxation.
Srcc. 3. That any State or Territory and the Dis-
trict of Columbia may assume, assess, collect, and
pay into the Treasury of the United States the dircct
tax, or its quota thereof, imposed by Congress under
this article, in its own way and manner, by and
through its own officers, assessors, and collectors;
but if any State or Territory or the District of Co-
lumbia shall fail to pay into the Treasury of the
United States its quota or proportion of such direct
tax within months after the samo shall have
been laid and apportioned, such tax, together with
the cost of assessing and collecting the same, shall
be assessed and collected within such State or Ter-
ritory or the District of Columbia so failing to pay
the samo, in such manner as Congress may direot.
Mr. McNBELY. Mr. Chairman, this amend-
ment, if adopted, would abolish the present
system 01 taxation and substitute for it a direct
tax upon property. In short., it would provide
revenue for the Federal Government in the
same way and from the same source as that
from which the people of Illinois provide rev-
enue for their State government. The first
section takes away from Congress the power to
levy a tariff or a tax like the present internal
revenue tax, so as [o remove any temptation to
exercise that power. It will be observed that
it c ntemplates such a valuation of property
under laws of Congress as will insure a uniform
valuation. The State authorities now estimate
annual expenses a year in advance, and know-
ing the valuation of taxable property in the
State, ascertain the per cent, of tax to be col-
lected. So Congress, knowing the valuation of
taxable property in all the States, Territo-
ries, and this District, can, upon the estimates
ofthe Secretary of the'freasury of expenses of
the Government for a coining year, with such
revisions of those estimates as Congress may
make, declare the quota of lax to be raised by
each State, Territory, and this District. In
the State of Illinois, for example, the auditor,
knowing the assessed value of property in
the State, and notified of the amount of tax
demanded by the General Government, could
in a moment figure the per ceut. of Federal
tax, and adding it to that levied by the State
the two could be collected together by the
same officers Ifthe amount collected and paid
into the Federal Treasury should exceed the
State's quota of necessary expenses, such ex-
cess would remain in the Treasury as an unex-
pended balance, reducing to that extent the
quota of taxes to be raised for the next year.
In the pronosed amendment I have left blank
the time within which the tax demanded must
be paid. That blank must be filled by the
House and ratified by the States, if th§ Cqm-1
mittee on the Judiciary reports back the prop-
osition. To escape theexpense and annoyance
of having such taxes assessed and collected by
Federal officers, each State, Territory, and this
District would certainly pay its quota within
the prescribed time.
amendment necessary.
I agree that we should proceed with great
caution when we propose to amend the Con-
stitution. Before changing that great supreme
law of the Union we should be sure that we
are not ingrafting upon it a theory of doubtful
practicability, that we are not making one por-
tion of the Union bear an unjust or unequal
burden, and above all should we be sure that
we are not moved by purely partisan or sec-
tional considerations. But, sir, the necessity
of this proposed change in order to levy a
direct tax bearing with equal weight upon all
property is susceptible of practical demonstra-
tion. The Constitution, as amended, directs
that "direct taxes shall be apportioned among
the several States which may be included within
this Union according to their respective num-
bers," " excluding Indians not faxed." Con-
gress levied upon the States, Territories, and
this District, in the year 1861, a direct tax of
$20,000,000. The ratio of population to the
value of real estate was greater in some States
than in others, and hence the per cent, of tax
upon the people was unequal. For example,
Illinois, with a population of 1,711,951, paid
$1,146,551 33J, while Massachusetts, with a
population of 1,231,066, paid $824,581; but
Illinois had only $287,219,940 of real estate,
while Massachusetts had $475,418,165 of real
estate. So that this tax levied on the basis
of population made Illinois pay four mills on
each dollar's worth of real estate, and Massa-
chusetts only two and eight tenths mills. Had
that tax been levied on the basis of property
under the amendment which I propose, and
had Illinois been required to pay the same per
cent, of tax paid by Massachusetts, she would
have paid $516,995, instead of $1,140,551, and
saved $029,556. From this it can be seen
how much more than her just portion Illinois
would have to pay if the whole sum to be
raised was $200,000;000 instead of $20,000,000.
There is another reason for the adoption of
the amendment I propose. It has been settled
by the highest judicial authority that a direct
tax can only be levied on real estate under the
Constitution as it now stands. This proposed
amendment provides that it shall be levied
upon all property except such as is exempt by
the second section which I have copied from
the constitution of my State. For the defini-
tion of the term " property " I adopt that of
Aristotle: "we mean everything of which the
value is measured by money."
But, sir, your internal revenue and tariff
laws are more unjust and unequal in their oper-
ation than would be a direct tax as the Con-
stitution now provides. The entire amount
of taxes collected last year under the internal
levenue laws alone, exclusive of stamps, sal-
aries, passports, and fineswas $127,873,109 23,
of which amount Illinois paid $15,119,609 02,
which is nearly one eighth of the whole tax and
more than double the sum she ought to have paid
either on the basis of wealth or population.
The operation of the law under which these
taxes are collected, the frauds and corruption
which they breed, the manner in which they vex,
harass, and hinder the business of the coun-
try, are too familiar to all to require detailed
mention here.
tobacco and whisky.
It is urged, however, even by revenue re-
formers, that the two principal sources of
internal taxes, tobacco and spirits, ought still
to be singled out from all other manufactures,
and assessed with special taxes. For this I .
can see no good reason. A plug* of 4obacco|
or a gallon of whisky is simply the result of
labor added to the natural products of thij
soil, and upon principle should be as free
from special tax as steel or cloth or flour.
They all ought to be taxed according to their
value as property, and in no other way. I am
not discussing the moral question of the use
of tobacco an4 spirits. Their excessive and
intemperate use is wrong, no doubt, but the
General Government has no right to attempt to
control the appetites of men by passing sump-
tuary or penal laws under the pretense of
levying a tax. When it becomes necessary to
protect the citizen from the evils growing out
of the sale of any article the State, and not the
Federal Government, may act. If the design
of the Government is to restrain the use of
tobacco and spirits, why not increase the tax
so that the manufacture or production of either
would be prohibited, or torbid, under heavy
penalties, the manufacture or production of
both? Your tax laws have neither decreased
nor restrained the use of either, and the evil
effects of adulterated and poisonous liquors
have increased.
No, sir, your design should be to levy and
collect a tax, and as such I am discussing the
law, shutting my eyes to all other questions.
A part of the soil and climate of our country
is adapted to the raising of tobacco, and to
raise it in Virginia is as legitimate a business
as it is to grow corn in Illinois. A tax levied
upon its manufacture is a restraint upon labor.
So it is with the tax on spirits. Although
producing the ip&terials for its manufacture
cheaper than any other couutry, we find it
impossible to export it because of the tax
which burdens it before itf shipment, and the
absence of a proper export law. Our distilled
spirits have been practically shut out from the
markets of the world, and the farmer of my
Stale is prevented from shipping his grain
abroad in that condensed shape in which it ia
in so great demand. Not only has this tax
upon spirits affected its export, but it has
reduced its consumption, not as a beverage,
but in other ways, and its production now is
less than it was in 1860. The price of alcohol
has so increased that substitutes have taken
its place in the manufacture of medicines,
cosmetics, varnish, burning-fluid, and other
articles, and the demand for it has greatly
decreased. It was stated on this floor in 1864
that in the city of Cincinnati alone the amount
of alcohol required every day for burning-
fluid was equivalent to the distillate of twelve
thousand bushels of corn. Druggists and
pharmaceutists in the United States estimate
the reduction in the use of alcohol in their
business because of increased cost from taxa-
tion at one half. I could mention other indus-
tries more or less remote similarly affected.
The tax upon the manufacture of spirits is
a tax upon the products of the soil, and pre-
vents the farmer from disposing of his sur-
plus grain in case of over-production. I am
informed by distillers of my State that their
stills are not now running at over two fifths
of their capacity because of the tax which de-
creases the consumption and prevents export-
ation of spirits. Thus that market for corn
is to that extent curtailed. But, sir, this)>urden
rests with peculiar hardship upon the people
of Illinois. The entire tax collected on all
kinds of spirits last year was $46,281,848 10,
of which sum Illinois paid $10,666,828 82,
nearly one fourth of the entire amount. Upon
spirits made of grain taxed at fifty cents per
gallon there was collected last year $29,921,-
308 48, of which amount Illinois paid $8,199,-
217 08, nearly one third of the whole amount.
This was a tax upon over two million Dushels
of corn. With this tax removed the people
of my State would haye an additional market
for millions of bushels of corn which you now
jdeny theib, What right yon to restnwi;
