1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3955
an indirect way of not only reducing the pres-
ent tariff ten per cent. 011 all articles men-
tioned, but it reduces it five per cent, more, or
something like that. I do not know that it
would amount to so much on dry goods; prob-
ably it would not; but on very many articles
it would amount to five per cent., and on
crockery ware it would amount to a great deal
more. I trust the Senate, is not prepared for
so revolutionary a proceeding as to adopt or
retain a provision of this kind.
Mr. CONKLING. If 1 did not occupy my
five minutes before, I should like to expend
the remainder in answer to my friend.
As to the '' revolutionary" part, he must
settle that with the other House. He says that
one man buys his goods himself, another man
employs a clerk to do it, another man does it
through a broker. I answer that that is one
of the recommendations of the section to me,
that it will leave every man free to buy his
goods as he pleases.
He says, in the second place, that many
goods are bought in the interior and carried by
expensive conveyances to the port where they
are shipped. One would suppose as an ori-
ginal proposition that if a man buys a particu-
lar kind of goods which involves him in special
expense in getting them to the port of ship-
ment, that is no reason why he should be pun-
ished as between him and some tnau whose
goods are much more accessible.
But 1 answer the Senator again : if he wants
to accomplish his apparent purpose at that
point, why does he not impose the tariff upon
the value of the goods at the port of ship-
ment? I submit to him that if there is any-
thing in that argument, it proves the propriety
of an appraisement or estimation or fixing the
value of the goods at the port where they are
shipped. Certainly I do not see why if one
man buys crockery ware and another man buys
hemp, and the man who buys hemp is com-
pelled to pay two or three times as much freight
before his hemp is shipped as the other man,
be should also pay a duty upon this added ex-
pense. It seems to me it ingrafts inequality
upon inequality, and at the same time pre-
serves all this system of detail and vexation
to which the honorable Senator from Connec-
ticut referred and which is complained of by
those who have called ray attention to this
subject.
Therefore I shall vote to retain the House
proposition, believing that if there is anything
growing out of the suggestion now made by
the Senator from Vermont, it can be readily
cured in another way which will avoid the ob-
vious and glaring injustice of this mode of
doing it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSESL I do not know
that I understand the provision entirely ; but
I know this, that the manufacturers of the
country are very desirous that the amendment
of the Senate committee should be adopted
and that this provision should be stricken out
of the bill. They look upon it as a very
material reduction of all the duties.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no doubt it is a
reduction of the duties; but the answer to
that is this: those who called my attention to
this say they are perfectly willing that as much
shall be added to the duiies as is thought neces-
sary to make up this deficiency on anything
else. What they object to is the machinery,
the vexation and trouble to which this exposes
them ; they are quite willing to pay the money,
but they want to pay it upoii the article and
have an end of it, and not be compelled to
make up such a statement as is there, the
curiosity of which I think will arrest the eye
of the Senator from New Jersey if ho will
take the trouble to look at it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I suppose it is
not practicable to add this amount to the duty
on the articles, so that it is an absolute loss
of that amount of protection.
Mr. CORBETT. While it would seem that
duty should not be levied upon the small
charges of packing goods, yet there is some
force in what the Senator from Vermont says
with regard to any article that is transported
from the interior to the shipping point. Per-
haps one of the chief costs of the article might
be in the transportation. Of course when it
is sold at the shipping point it is invoiced at
what it is sold for there, including the ship-
ping charges. Now, as suggested by the Sen-
ator from Vsrmont, if the importer who pur-
chases in the interior does not pay the duty on
the charges upon that article from the interior
to the shipping point, of course he gets his
goods very much cheaper than the man who
purchases the article at the sea-board where it
is shipped. It is a question, of course, that
ought to be carefully considered. While 1 am
perhaps opposed to these little charges of box
ing, &c., being included in the computation
of dutiable value, yet I see a difficulty in the
matter as suggested by the Senator from Ver-
mont, and perhaps it ought to be more care-
fully considered before the House section shall
be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Finance, to strike out the section, upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. liAMSEY. I ought to state in behalf
of my colleague, [Mr. Windom,] who left the
Chamber some time since, that his absence is
occasioned by indisposition.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will say the
same in relation to my own colleague, [Mr.
Edmunds.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 20 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Chandler,
Corbott, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, i're-
linghuysen, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, llamlin, John-
ston, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton. Pool, Pratt, Ramsey. Sawyer, Scott, Sher-
man, Stockton, Sumner, and Wright—-26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, C.isserly, Conkling,
Cooper, Davis of Wett Virgmi.i, Fcnton, Ferry of
Connecticut, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Hill, Norwood, Saulsbury, Sehurz, Spen-
cer, Stevenson, Tburman, Tipton, Vickers, and
W est—20.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Clay-
ton, Cole, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Ilarlan,
Hitchcock, Howe, Kelly, Morrill of Mtune, Nye,
Osborn, Patterson. Pomeroy, Hansom, Rice, Rob-
ertson, Sprague, Stewart, Trumbull, Wilson, and
Windom—28.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. The next section, sec-
tion [six] five, i3 what is called the free list.
From line four on page 13 to line one hundred
and seventy-six on page 20, is what is called
the free list of the House of Representatives.
The Committee on Finance have proposed
another free list as a substitute. It is one
amendment from line one hundred and sev-
enty-seven on. It is not ncecessary to read the
House section, as it is composed mainly of the
same items; but our list is rearranged, and
with some slight items added.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio asks that the one hundred and sev-
enty-six lines in Roman print, being the House
free lists, shall be omitted, as they are all in-
corporated, or nearly so, in the Senate free
list, alphabetically arranged, with some addi-
tions.
Mr. THURMAN. Isee no objection to that
unless it so happens that some of the articles
in the House free list are omitted from the
Senate free list.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there are any Sen-
tors can offer them as amendments.
Mr. THURMAN. If there are any such
items I think our attention ought to be called
to them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, in consequence of the great range
of this list, it will be considered as amendable
without regard to its being an'amendment to
an amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to my colleague
that it is impossible for us to do what he says,
because the House list is not arranged in alpha-
betical order. Senators can look over it and
see how it is. The Senate list is arranged in
alphabetical order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will read the articles in the Senate amendment
to the free list, and any Senator has a right to
move to amend the amendment of the commit-
tee without regard to its being an amendment
to the House bill.
The Secretary proceeded to read the articles
proposed to be substituted for the House free
list, namely, " acid, citric, boracic, and sul-
phuric."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move to
strike out "citric," and insert in lieu thereof
"carbolic."
Mr. SUMNER. Woulditnot bebetteras we
go along, if any one is disposed to amend an
item, to do it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it would be better
to amend as we go along, as then the items
will be alphabetically arranged.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tlie list will be
subject to amendment as the reading pro-
gresses, and the various items will be placed
in alphabetical order by the Secretary if any
shall be inserted. The Senator from Vermont
moves to amend the amendment on the one
hundred and seventy-seventh line.
Mr. CONKLING. I asked a few moments
ago to have the saltpeter amendment lie aside.
I have inquired about it and I do not wish to
interpose any further delay. I am willing that
it shall be acted on now.
Mr. BAYARD. At the time the Senator
from New York made his objection 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The free list is
now before the Senate unless by unanimous
consent 
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from New
York made a question, and I propose to an-
swer it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be a previous amendment pending, an
amendment offered by the Senator from Del-
aware.
Mr. BAYARD. At the time I offered that
amendment 1 did not refer the Senate to the
page and line of the bill which the amend-
ment that I was instructed by the committee
to offer was to take the place of.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, It comes in
on page 12, after line one hundred and eleven.
Mr. BAYARD. I have it now. By refer-
ring to that portion of the House bill which
the Senate committee propose to amend at
page 19, lines one hundred and forty-nineand
one hundred and fifty, it will be found that the
House placed " saltpeter, crude, refined, and
partially refined, and gunpowder" on the free
list. The Senate committee struck out those
lines, together with all the others to be found
on pages 19 and 20. The amendment I offered
to the Senate, and which upon the suggestion
of the Senator from New York was withheld
until there should be time given him to under-
stand the operation of it, was offered 011 page
13, after line one hundred and thirty, of section
four. The amendment offered by me under
the direction of the committee was to impose
a duty of one and a half cents per pound
upon crude saltpeter, two cents upon partially
refined, and two and a half cents upon re-
fined. There was then an amendment to that
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Kansas [Mr. Pomeroy] to make those figures
one cent, one and a half, and two cents.
That was the condition of the amendment at
the time the question was laid over at the
request of the Senator from New York.
The present duty upon those three descrip'
tions of saltpeter is two and a half, two, and
three cents per pound. By some oversight,
an evident, mistake in the present law, ciude
saltpeter has a tariff duty of two and a half
cents per pound, while partially refined has
but two cents. It was an oversight evidently.
Those specific duties reduced to an ad valorem
basis will show that these three grades of salt-
