1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371
in this sense only, that they interpreted the
Scriptures according to private judgment, and
not according to the dogma of any church;
and they asked no man to come to their New
World with them who did not believe as they
did, and they required no man to stay there
unless, believing as they did, he chose so to
do. They had periled everything except their
souls' salvation to get a place even in the
wilderness, where they might have the oppor-
tunity, in the fear of God, of working out that
problem of their souls' salvation, and all they
asked was not to be interfered with by anybody
else who should set up false doctrines in their
belief. And while they welcomed to theirnew
home in the wilderness, founded by starvation
and privations, everybody, they insisted that
everybody who came there should not inter-
fere with their religious liberty.
That was the theory upon which the Puritan
Commonwealth was founded, as I understand
it. Having made these sacrifices, having
taken these pains to get a Commonwealth in
which they might carry out their views of
God's words; they only asked that other men
should not coine there and interfere with them
and take away their liberty of conscience by
teaching false heresies to their children. If
they had intruded upon anyone else's land, if
they had gone to the Dutch colony in New
York, if they had gone to the Church of Eng-
land colony at James river, if they had gone
to the semi-Catholic colony at Baltimore, if
they had interfered with the Quaker colony
afterward founded in Pennsylvania, if they
had gone to any colony and undertaken in that
colony to set up their peculiar doctrine, their
peculiar ideas, their peculiar worship, then
there would have been some ground of com-
plaint; bnt coming into a savage wilderness
. and set up their church and their altars there,
they testified by giving up their lives to the
sanctity of their belief and to their devotion
to it; and they simply asked that others should
not interfere with that which they had pur-
chased at such a price.
Whenever the Puritan character is contem-
plated in this view, everybody, I think, will
agree that there is no occasion for sneers, no
occasion for animadversion, no occasion for
compla'nt, no occasion to look tipon them
otherwise than as they were, sincere, earnest,
zealous, devout believers and doers of God's
word as it was given to their understanding,
full in the faith that others who differed from
them were wrong, and acting contrary to God's
will; they only asked such others to go away
from them, atid when they did not choose
to go away from them they put them on one
side. [Laughter.]
I claim, as one of the Representatives of
Massachusetts that this was their merit, that
they were only troublesome to those that inter
fered with them and their religious belief, and
who came where they had alone a right to be
and the comers had no right to be; and the
result has been seen. The same clearness of
perception, the same devotion to duty, the
same energy in the performance of that duty,
the same self-reliance, the same trust in God's
providence which brought them to this new
world, has leavened this whole country with
their ideas, until now we have in this country,
from sea to sea, the Government founded and
carried on by the Puritan ideas of Massachu-
setts. The Puritans claimed the same right only
■ which we claim and now exercise, and a right
which this Congress has exercised, not to per-
mit others to cotue into our country and estab-
lish their own ideas of Government and their
own institutions. If any one doubts this I ask
him to look at what this Government is now
doing to-day near the Great Salt Lake in regard
to Mormonism, where we are insisting that our
ideas, our religion, our instnutions shall be
established and maintained, and not the ideas
and institutions of others.
I claim, then, and I wish to impress my
view of the Puritan character upon the House,
that believing they were right, believing they
were God's chosen people, and acting upon
that belief, giving up everything 011 earth to
substantiate and enjoy that belief, wiih prac-
tical good sense, with clearness of judgment,
and with sternness of purpose upon that belief,
they founded their State, and dealt with every-
body else that interfered with them as their
consciences and good judgments dictated;
and when in after times we see the fruits of
that action we can pardon the mistakes, if
any, which they made.
Sir, I am not here to defend our Puritan
fathers; their history is their defense; but a
still better defense, if one were needed, is the
result of their acts and the example of their
lives, an empire greater and more powerful
than the sun ever shone upon, with every man
within its borders a free inan, with every
religion which looks to one God, and to His
Son, our Saviour, tolerated, permitted; nay,
invited. This is what I claim to be the result
which sanctions the conduct, illustrates the
character, and is the evidence of the energy
of purpose and the religious teachings of the
Puritan founders of Massachusetts.
The question was upon concurring in the
resolutions of the Senate.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope the gentleman
who offered these resolutions, will consent, to
a verbal amendment, to strike out. the word
"nation," and insert "people of the United
States."
The SPEAKER. The resolution comes
from the Senate.
Mr. NIBLACK. Well, I hope we shall
amend it in that way.
Mr.-BINGHAM. This is a nation, is i> not?
Mr. NIBLACK. The name is the " United
States." I offer the amendment I have indi-
cated in good faith.
Mr. ELDlilDGE. That will correspond
exactly with the words used in the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. BECK. Putin "empire" at once; for
that is what it is getting to be.
Mr. EAME3. This lesolution, as I under-
stand it, is the-copy ofthe one adopted on the
occasion of the presentation by the State of
Rhode Island ofthe statue of General Greene.
The communication from the Governor of
Rhode Island in relation to this statue was
referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds of the .Senate, who reported
tins resolution ; and I hope the gentleman on
the other side will not, insist upon his amend-
ment. He certainly does not mean to say this
is not a nation.
Mr. NIBLACK. I dislike to insist upon
an amendment which is so purely verbal as
this is, but I believe it is proper that ft should
be made, and 1 must insist upon it.
Mr. HOAR. I trust the House will pause
before it strikes out of the resolution an a-ser
tion that this country is a nation merely be-
cause it asserts that fact. I desire to c ill the
attention of the House to what the eftect of
this motion will be.
Mr. NIBLACK. I make no objcc'ion. and
certainly intended no attack upon what the
gentleman may please to call the nationality
of the United States. Nothing of that sort,
is involved in this amendment. It is a mere
question of phraseology. We are neeus-
tomed to speak of "the people of the United
States," as the name of this Government,
and the word ''nation'' to me has a .sort o(
schoolmaster or pedagogue twang. It does
not seem to me to be the proper phrase to use.
When the Congress ofthe United .States accepts
a thing it does it in the name of " the peopl"
ofthe United States;" and as the gentleman
from Massachusetts seems to make a point on ,
it that I did not dream of, I shall insist on a
vote on my amendment, believing that it, is a
better expression than the one now in the
resolution.
Mr. HOAR. I call for the yeas and nays
on agreeing to this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 78, nays 113. not voting
49 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams. Archer. Aitlmr,
Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird. James u. Blair, Braxton,
Brigbt.CnriolbComiugo.Conner.Cox.Crebp.Ci itchtr,
Crosslnnd, Davis. Dos, l)u Bose, Duke. Eldiulgs,
Ely, llenrv 1). Foster, Giu-rett, Crctz, llamblctoa,
Hancock, llandley, llanks, Harper, -John 'j'v Harris,
Ilcrndon, Hibbard, Hobnail, Kerr, King, Kinselia.
Lamisou. Leach.Lewis. Manson, .Uaishall, McCicl-
nnd, McCormick, Mcllenry, Mclntyrc, MeKiuney,
Merrick, Benjamin I\ Meyers. Mitchell, Morgan,
Niblack, lloscaW. Parker, J311 Perry, Potter, Price,
Randall, Bead. Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice,
Rogers, Slater, Sloss, Sturm, Swimn, Terry. Tuthill.
Vail Trump, Vauglian, Vooi hoes, W addoll. Warren,
Whitthorne. Williams of New York. Winchester, and
"Wood—79. „ , „ ,
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames. Banks,^ Binber,
Barry, Boatly, Bevendgo. Bingham, Austin Bluir,
George ,\I. Brooks, Buckley, Bullinton, Burcburd,
Buulett, Benjuiinn F. Butler, Itodenek It. Buller,
Caldwell, William T. Clarke, Coghlan, Conger, Cot-
ton. Dnrrall, Dawes, Diekoy, Donnan, Duel!, Bun-
nell, Karnes, Fnrnswortli, F.irwell, Finkelnlmrg,
Charles Foster, Wilder 1). Foster, Fiye, Gaifield,
tioodrieh, Hale. Ueorge E. Harris. Il.ivons, llawley,
Hay, Gerry \V. llaxletnn, John W_. Huzleton, Hill,
llo.ir. Hooper, Hough ton, Kel ley, Kellogg. Ketch am,
Lamport, Lansins, Lowe, Lynch, JleGicw, Mo-
.lunkin. MeKee. Mereur, Alcrnani, Monroe, Moore,
Morey.Negley, On, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac
C. Parker. Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron P. Pony,
Piatt, Porter, Prnidle, Itniney, Ellis H. Robeits,
Roosevelt. Rusk, Sargent. Scotield, Seeley, Shanks,
Sheldon. Sliellabarger, Sherwood, II. Boardman
Smith, John A. Smith, Snapp, Snj dor, Thomas J.
Spe
Str
lard, Williams of Indiana, and JohnT. Wilson—113.
NOT VOXIKU-Messrs. Avcnll. liarnuiu, Bigby,
James Iltooks, Campbell, Freeman Clarke. Cobb,
Co burn, Creelv. L)o burse. Edwards, El holt, Foiker,
Oolladay .Ci'illith. llaldciuau, lialsev, Haiiner.Hays,
Hereford, Kendall, Kdliriger, Maya ml, Mt.Ciaiy,
jMoNooly, Moiphis. Leonard Myers, Peters, Poland,
Ritchie, William It. Robcits. Robinson, Sawyer.
Sessions, Sbohci, Shoemaker. Sloeum, Worthmgton
C. Smith, R. Wilton Speer,Staikwcathci, Stowcll.
St. John, Sutherland, Sypher, Dwiglit, Townsend,
Wells, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and \oung—48.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question was upon concurring in the
resolutions ofthe Senate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 have no de-
sire to take pari, in this discuesion. 1 will, how-
ever, call att! lition to llie following passages
from our great historian, Bancvofi, who ought
to be an authority with llie gentleman from
Massachusetts, in order Unit they may be made
a part of llie record id this debate:
"In February of the first year of tho colony, but a
few months a 11 el' i lie an i val ol Wintbrop, and helore
either Cotton or Hooker bad embarked for New Eng-
land, there arrived at, Nunt.iske t, a Iter a stormy pas-
sage ot sixty-six days, 'a young minister, godly and
zealous, having prceiout' giIts. It was Roscr Wil-
liams. He was (hen but little more than tim ty years
of aire: initios mind had already matured adoctrine
wtiicll secures hull an immortality of fame, as its
application lias given religious peace to the Ameri-
can world, Ho was a Puiit.ui. and a fugitive itoin
English persecution; but his wrongs bail not clouded
hib aeeui.ite undeistandiiig. In the Capacious re-
i e-ses ol his mind he had icmiIvciI the nature of
intolerance, and he, and he slone, bad arlived at
the great pi ineiple which i.< Us sole effectual rem-
edy. Ho announced bis discovery under the simple
pro position ofthe sanetuyof eonscict ce. The civil
magistiate should lestraiu crime, but never con, rol
opinion ; should punish guil t. but never viola te t ho
freedom ot I he soul. Tho dootiine contained within
itself an entire letonnation of theological jurispru-
dence: it would blotfrom the stuLute-biad: the felony
ot uon-eonl->i inity ; would quench the lives that per-
secution had kept so long burning: would lepeal
every law compelling attendanceou public worship :
would abolish titbes aod all lorccd contributions to
the maintenance ofreligion: would give ail equal
form ol protection to eveiy i.u in ot religious iailh ,
and lie; cr sutler the uuth.e.i'y ol" the civil govern-
ment to be enlisted ag.i'nst llie Mii-suIimi-ii or tho
altar ot the fire-worsbioei. nguiist tiie Jewislisynu-
gogue oi the Roman ontludi ,d.
"It i- won lor t ii 1 w nil \vii,,t, distinctness Ptoger
William.-' deduet.il Ihe^e int.Toncos bum his f>rcat
prim it ies, tne consistency v;ith whicn, like Pascal
and Edwards, ibosi; bold ami piolound ioa-onor. on
other subjects, he sect-pted every fair lnletoiie^
tioiu Ins tloetunes, and tin circumspection with
which ho reocUcii eveiy unjust iuimita.ion. ii: too
unwavering a--el lion of 1ns views lie never tbangea
bis position : the sanctity ot conscience was tile great
tenet which,wuh all itsconsequericcs, he defended, as
ho lirsi tvod the shores ot Ne>v England ; and in fans
