1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1267
from foreign manufacturers direct, and are
invoiced at the naked cost at the manufactory.
The honorable Senator from Maine now before
me [Mr. Hamlin] can correct me if I err.
This is the kind of manifest under which they
are shipped and landed and stored, not the
price in the open markets of the country where
they are made as they pass from hand to hand
by merchants, but the price at the door of the
shop where they are made. They are brought
herein advance of a demand for consumption,
often at nominal rates of freight, in ships that
would otherwise return in ballast, not being
• able t® secure a regular return cargo, and are
stored in these bonded warehouses, where they
may remain for two or three years, awaiting
favorable changes in the markets. The foreign
manufacturer is thus able to compete on ad-
vantageous terms with our own skilled laborers.
And if an advantageous sale should not in the
meantime be effected, the goods may be with-
drawn and shipped elsewhere without the pay-
ment of one cent of tax. Sir, these are the
people in whose interests this clamor is raised,
who complain if required to pay for storage
rates not in excess of the usual rates in the
port of entry.
I think it will become clear to any one, from
this statement of facts, that the drift of the
Senator's argument is in the interest of the
manufacturers of the Old World who desire to
store their goods in our ports at a cheap rate,
awaiting a demand for consumption, and this
I apprehend is at the foundation of the com-
plaints which we have heard of overcharges.
It is an effort to reduce the expenses paid by
foreign manufacturers who may choose to use
storehouses in our ports for their surplus goods,
while they await a market, and goods that
may never be consumed in this country, but
are destined for consumption in South America
or possibly in other parts of the world.
I have been thus particular in traversing this
subject in detail with the hope—a very faint one,
1 confess—that the people of this country may
take notice of what I say and understand that
this clamor about custom-house frauds does
not arise from the discovery of infidelity in
the collection of the revenues. Everybody
admits that it has been collected with reason-
able skill and diligence under the custom-
house officer in New York of whom chief
complaint is made. I refer to Mr. Murphy,
the late collector. I am told by those who
have examined the records that the amount
of customs dues collected under his adminis-
tration is largely in excess of the amount ever
heretofore collected at that port during any
other equal period of time, and that, too,
when the rate of duties oil many articles had
been greatly reduced. This historic fact is in
itself worth a volume of denunciation of Mur-
phy as a corrupt officer. The gravamen of
the charge preferred, when stripped of declam-
ation, is that foreign manufacturers and im-
porters have complained of the rates of storage
charged by the owners of bonded warehouses
with whom they stored their goods, a contro-
versy in which the Treasury of the United
States has not the slightest interest.
Some of these foreign importers have com-
plained of Leet and Stocking, the men with
whom they have chosen to deposit their goods
for the time being, until it shall suit their con-
venience to pay the revenue, when it was com-
pletely within their power at any time to pay
the duties and take the goods directly from
the wharf, or to give bond and store them in
their own warehouses, or, in the third alterna-
tive, to designate the warehouse in which they
might be stored and make their own terms with
the warehouse owuer.
These facts are undisputed and are indis-
putable. They are in accordance with the
law which I have read; they are in accordance
with the regulations of the Treasury Depart
ment.
I am not here to defend any one who may
have committed a wrong, although, as I have
before observed, I have faith in man; I have
faith in my race; I believe it is the predispo-
sition of men to do right, to deal justly with
each other; and yet we all know that there
are violations of law and recognized principles
of justice and equity. If any such exist at the
custom-house point them out, name the men,
produce the evidence. The remedy is com-
pletely within the hand of the Executive, or
if he should fail to act, it is within the grasp
of the Representatives of the people.
But when Senators know these facts much
better, I will concede, than I do, having spent
more time in the investigation of the subject
under the direction of the Senate, I am at a
loss to know why so much valuable time is con-
sumed with these declarations, in the absence
of any practicable proposition for a remedy for
the supposed wrongs. It has occurred to me,
and I am inclined to think it will occur to the
American people, that it may possibly have
some remote connection with politics. Both
Senators say that they do not intend anything
of that kind, and I will not impugn then-
motives. I cannot.
I believe each to be honorable and patriotic,
as honorable and patriotic as he is capable,
but then we cannot close our eyes to the fact
that they have both arrayed themselves against
the Administration. In the light of that hos-
tility to the Administration it is barely possi-
ble the people will judge of their motives. The
people may think that their vision has been a
little obscured by possible prejudice; that a
desire to damage the prospects of the Presi-
dent for a reelection may have warped their
judgment. And I must confess, with my high
appreciation of both the Senators, my belief in
their purity of character and patriotism, that I
still think they are human ; they are men in
some respects like the rest of us, subject in a
degree to the common frailties of mankind.
They may not be as weak as many of us in
these respects; and yet probably the great
Architect of the human mind made them
according to the same pattern by which the
rest of us were formed, and it is barely possi-
ble that they may be prejudiced, that they may
look at these facts through a colored medium.
Their desire to injure the President of the
United States or his prospects for reelection
may have stimulated some of the eloquent
periods with which we have all been so greatly
delighted. I do think that this is barely pos-
sible, and I may say that I think their keen
desire for investigation may be accounted for
in patt on this supposition.
The Senator from Missouri has already said
that he did not call in question the integrity of
the Secretary of War. I cannot quote his exact
words, they are not before me, but he said in
substance that he believed him to be a pure
and upright man and an excellent officer. No-
body has questioned the integrity and purity
of the Secretary of the Treasury. Then the
supposed discrepancy between the books of
the two Departments cannot furnish sufficient
evidence even to-their minds to justify the pro-
posed investigation, and that at the outset was
presented as the chief reason for the appoint-
ment of a committee. Neither Senator has
stated at any time that he did believe and had
reason to believe that some officer of this Gov-
ernment had acted corruptly in his official
capacity, which I think ought to precede the
introduction of every such resolution.
Is it right for a representative of a sovereign
State on a floating rumor, a vagrant newspaper
article, or at the requestof some petty employe
of a foreign Government, in the absence of
evidence which produces conviction in his
own mind, to put ou foot an inquiry affecting
the good name of the high officers of this Gov-
ernment? Ought it not to be required of a
Senator to proceed on his responsibility as a
Senator? Has he a right to trifle with his own
position ? Has he a right to trifle with the
Senate ? Has he a right to trifle with the feel-
ings, to say nothing of the reputation, of other
officers of this Government associated with
him in the administration of public affairs?
If a Senator would rise at his desk and say
on his responsibility as a Senator that he had
i-eason to believe and that he did believe that
some officer of this Government had acted cor-
ruptly, and that he therefore asked a com-
mittee of inquiry, I would vote for it without
a word ; I doubt not every Senator on this
floor would do the same; all would say "This
inquiry must proceed, for a Senator has said on
his responsibility as such that he had reason to
believe and did believe that there was occasion
for such inquiry."
But, sir, the utmost the honorable Senator
from Missouri has thus far said is that, in his
opinion, after examining the whole subject
and illustrating and elucidating it for hours,
he thought there was grave ground of suspi-
cion ; not that he believed it, not that he had
in his own opinion reason to believe there was
corruption, but as the debate progressed, and
I say it to his honor, he abandoned the impu-
tation, and admitted that he did not believe the
Secretary of War was corrupt, but, on the
contrary, believed him to be a pure, upright
officer. Then who is it that is to be investi-
gated? Who is it that is at fault? Is it the
Secretary of the Treasury? Does somebody
have grave suspicion that the Secretary of the
Treasury has failed to make the proper entries
in the records of his Department thus account-
ing for the sales of arms? No Senator haa
ventured to make such a statement. No Sen-
ator on his responsibility, I think, I may safely
predict, will make such an allegation.
In the absence of any such conviction on
the part of any Senator it is well that both
these Senators have abandoned that allega-
tion of cause for inquiry. Whatislefi? They
have grave suspicion that international law
may have been violated in the enforcement
of a statute of the United States to the pos-
sible injury of some other nation. But it has
already been shown that no other nation has
complained of injury ou this account. Is it
not reasonable to suppose that other nations
are capable of taking care of their own inter-
ests? Such a reason for investigation in the
absence of complaint is unprecedented in the
American Senate, and, as far as I know, in the
world's history.
Sir, the Constitution of the United States
has made it the duty of the President of the
United States to carry on our intercourse with
foreign nations, and, to aid him in the perform-
ance of these duties, Oongiess has authorized
the appointment of a Secretary of State. Is
it not an inopportune time to inaugurate a
change of policy in this respect ? Heretofore
we have succeeded with tolerable success in
managing our diplomatic intercourse witli
other nations through the constitutional me-
dium, by the use of the constitutional organ.
Heretofore under all administrations, Demo-
cratic and Republican, we have confided this
duty to the President of the United States
aided by his Secretary of State. What has
arisen during the last twelve months to justify
a change of this policy and to require that this
branch of the public service, in part at least,
should be put mto the hands of a committee
of the Senate of the United States—surely a
service never contemplated by the framers of
the Constitution?
Is there not, therefore, in the light of these
facts some cause to conclude that the judg-
ment of these Senators may have been warped
by a possible prejudice against the^ executive
officers of this Government, a possible desire
to embarrass them if not in managing the
affairs of this Government with other peoples
at a time when our relations are said to be
somewhat delicate, and possibly to embarrass
the prospects of the President's reelection i It
is supposed that he may be willing to become
his own successor, if the people should so
desire; not, as far as I know, that he has ever
said so, but as he has not said the reverse, this
