1268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
seems to he inferred. Is it not possible that
a reading and intelligent people may conclude
that this is a part of the motive-which has
prompted the introduction of this resolution,
although perhaps the honorable Senators may
not he conscious of it themselves ?
These foots, now noticed for the first time,
were known years ago. Why was not this
inquiry pat on foot then? "Why was it not
put on foot at the time these sales of arms
began, in 1865? They began to be made to
houses that were supposed to be in communi-
cation with both these foreign Governments—
Prussia and France—almost at the beginning
of hostilities. The honorable gentleman from
Missouri has informed the Senate and the coun-
try that he knew it at the time ; that the fact
was pressed on his attention by his fellow-citi-
zens of foreign birth ; that they urged him to
bring it to the attention of the authorities at
Washington. Did be tail in his dut.y? Did
he fail in hi® duty as an American legislator in
not putting on foot the inquiry at the time when
it would have done some good, at the time that
the supposed wrong could have been checked
at the very threshold, at the time the evil
could have been cured almost before it had
birth? _
But it was not done then, and years have
been permitted to elapse before this inquiry
was demanded ; and then it is demanded im-
mediately preceding a presidential election,
on grounds so (li may as to challenge faith in
the sincerity of the authors, the chiet of which
has been abandoned by themselves before the
discussions has closed. In the light of all
these facts how is it possible to account for
this anomalous procedure if the motive is not
political ?
Mr. President, I have done.
Mr. CARPENTER obtained the floor.
Mr. SCHURZ. If the Senator from Wis
eonsin -will permit, ] have just introduced an
amendment, and I should liko to make a very
few remarks. 1 will not be long.
Mr. CARPENTER. How long?
Mr. SCHURZ. About eight or ten min-
utes; not longer.
Mr. CARPENTER, Very well.
Mr. SCIIURZ. I merely want to adduce
gome figures. 1 certainly do not intend to go
over the whole speech of the Senator from
Iowa, inasmuch as that would be commencing
the debate again from the beginning. He
certainly has achieved one distinctioh in this
matter. So far, whenever the general-order
business at New York was spoken of, we found
some. Senators who attempted to shift the re-
sponsibility, but wa have not found any one
until to-day who undertook to detend it. He
defends it under very peculiar circumstances.
Mr. HARLAN.' The Senator does not
desire to misrepresent me.
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly not.
Mr. HAItLAN. I have not intended to
defend it nor to impugn it either. I have
adduced the law and the regulations—nothing
more.
Mr. SCHURZ. _ At any rate, the Senator's
speech made the impression of an effort to
show that it was all right. Now, let me say
this: it is known to the Senate as well as it
is to the country that this system has been
protested against by the first merchants of
New York, such men as the Chittendens, the
Stewarts, tho Claflms, the Dodges, the Pecks,
and so on. ^ I'ha_ fact is that, this system has
been investigated by a committee of Congress,
and reported against as a great and scandalous
abuse; that it has been investigated by a com-
mission sent by tho Secretary of the Treasury,
and reported against in the same way ; and that
it has been investigated once more by the
Committee oflnvestigation and Retrenchment
recently appointed by the Senate, and I am
somewhat inclined to think the Senator would
have spoken differently had he not, lor reasons
best known to himself, and undoubtedly satis-
factory to the country when stated, not attended
a single meeting of that committee when it
investigated the abuses of fee New York cus-
tom-house. So much for that matter.
Now, as to the sale of arms. The Senator
produces here a document given to him this
morning by the chief of ordnance, a docu-
ment which would seem to contradict the offi-
cial report of the War Department. Now, let
me ask the Senator one question. Does that
document state distinctly that at the close of
the war there were in the arsenals of the coun-
try thirteen hundred thousand, and odd mus-
kets exclusive of those which were in the hands
of tho Army, then counting a million ?
Mr. HARLAN. I think it does. I will
look.
Mr. SCHURZ, Let us see.
Mr. HARLAN. "Total number of service-
able muskets and carbines of different models
on hand at the close of the war in the arsenals
and depots, 1,292,635; total number of ser-
viceable pistols, 64,952; " and it is footed up
here, "1,357,587."
Mr. SCHURZ. Very well. Then it does
not state that at the close of the war there
were thirteen hundred thousand small-arms in
the arsenals and another million in the hands
of the troops; and I will tell the Senator why
it does not state that.
First, here is the report of Secretary Stan-
ton, rendered in November,1865, stating that—
"There are nearly one million good Springfield
muskets on hand, and upward ol half a million
foreign and captured muskets. Tho latter will be
sold whenever suitable prices can be obtained for
them, and also other ordnance stores of a perishable
nature whioh are in excess of the wants of tho ser-
vice."
So that from the report of the Secretary of
War, Mr. Stanton, it appears that there were,
in all, in the possession of the Government
of the United States, inclusive of the riff-raff
of Austrian and Belgian muskets we then had,
fifteen hundred thousand stand of arms.
Secondly, here is the report of the ordnance
department for 1870, which reads as follows :
"The department has been selling for several
years tho arms and other stores that are of obsolete
pattern and otherwise unfit for issue to troops.
More than one million three hundred and forty
thousand stand of small-arms have been sold since
tho closo of the war, three hundred and fifty thou-
sand of them within the present month, at good
prioos."
That was the report of the chief of ord-
nance on the 25th of October, 1870.
Now comes the third report, the last one,
where the chief of ordnance states that he has
"less than ten thousand breech-loading mus-
kets in the arsenals for issue;" not less than
ten thousand of the last pattern or the first
pattern, but "less than ten thousand breech-
loading muskets in the arsenals for issue."
" This number of muskets is not half sufficient to
supply the States with the muskets they are now
entitled to receive under their apportionment of
the permanent appropriation for arming and equip-
ping the militia."
Now take the number of arms in the hands
of the Government in 1865 
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the*Senator whether
the arms that are provided for by the annual
permanent appropriation for issue to the States
are not the arms there alluded to ? There is
a permanent appropriation of $200,000 for
arms to be issued to the States, and they are
classified in that way.
Mr. SCHURZ. I know that.
Mr. MORTON. That report simply refers
to breeoh-loading arms.
Mr. SCHURZ. I know that, but he states
that there are less than ten thousand of them
on hand for issue, not half sufficient to give the
States their respective quota. -; There can be
no doubt about that. Now t&ke the number
of arms as given to-day by the ordnance de-
partment and deduct from it the number of
arms as sold by the ordnance department,
and what is there left? And then the Senator
comes here and says we have five hundred thou-
sand small firms in the arsenals of the nation.
He has good authority for it, I do not doubt,
but the question is whether these arms are
serviceable arms or not.
Mr. HARLAN. I will suggest an explana-
tion to the honorable Senator, for I know he
intends to be exactly fair. He knows that we
have been continuously manufacturing arms
within the last six years, and also repairing
old arms, cleaning them up, and putting them
in good condition. These reports I suppose
refer to those that were in good condition at
the time the reports were made.
Mr. SCHURZ. I do not know that arms
in large quantities are continually being man-
ufactured. If the Senator will read the report
of the chief of ordnance he will find that arms
in large quantities are not being continually
manufactured, and the chief of ordnance com-
plains to the contrary; and the Senator will
also know that in our appropriation bills we
make no provision for the manufacturing of
arms in large quantities. Now, sir, it may all
be so, but it seems to me that when we pro-
duce here an official report submitted to the
Congress of the United States stating one
thing, and then on the spur of the moment a
Senator comes in here .with another report in
pencil stating another thing, the ways of the
Department are " mysterious and past finding
out;" then I think it is time that an inquiry
should be had into that matter; and for that
reason I have offered my amendment to this
resolution.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin give way for a motion to
adjourn?
Several Senators. No ; no.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is well
known that the Senator from Wisconsin was
not able to be in his seat yesterday to partici-
pate in this debate, and is hardly able to be
present to-day. I hope, therefore, the Senate
will not force him at this hour t.o go on with
the remarks that he intends to make. I move
that the Senate adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Wisconsin is entitled to the floor, but yields to
the Senator from Vermont, who moves that
the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock and twenty-one minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesdat, February 28, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
FISHING INTERESTS IN MAINE.
Mr. HALE. I ask unanimous consent to pre-
sent joint resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Maine relating to the fishing interests
in that State, and move that they be printed
and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas the effect of the treaty of Washington
promises to be disastrous to the fishing interests of
Maine: Therefore,
Resolved, That oar Senators in Congress hp in-
structed and our Representatives requested to use
their influence to provide relief and indemnity to
such interests by bounties on fish, or tonnage, or
such other form as may best protect those interests.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to for-
ward a copy of these resolutions to our Senators and
Representatives in Congress.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move the reference of
the resolutions to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs is the committee now considering the
subject, and I prefer they should go there.
Mr. HOLMAN. The question of bounty
is a question of taking money out of the
Treasury.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions refer to
the treaty of Washington?
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir; but they do not
