2164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
Of course six per cent, would be monstrous;
that would pay the $600,000 very soon; and it
shows the looseness of the whole proceeding.
They have provided, therefore, expressly that
this shall be done. Congress say, " We affirm
this and it shall be done." Now you are to
levy a tax, therefore, by force of law as a duty,
not as a question of sovereign municipal will
as to whether you tax the people for a partic-
ular object or not, but you are bound to do it.
You are exercising an executive and adminis-
trative function, for the law commands the
proper authorities to do it, not to lay but to
levy a tax, to put it in force against the people
and property of the District. Now, all that
my amendment provides is that this levy, be-
ing within the two per cent., shall not author-
ize the District to exceed the total limit. I
think they are bound to levy this ; but I pro-
pose to provide that they shall do nothing
■which, including this, will go beyond the two
per cent.
Mr. CONKLING. The purpose of the Sen-
ator's amendment, as I understand, is to guard
the tax-payers and the interest of the tax-
payers by providing that the tax shall not
exceed a certain maximum. That is one mode
of such a safeguard; but it is a very illusory
and insufficient mode. Let us see how it will
■work.
Here the taxes are to be two per cent, upon
the $100' dollars of the assessed valuation of
the property. The whole result resides in the
assessment; and accordingly, I understand,
this year the property has been largely marked
up, some say half a dollar a foot, some say a
dollar a foot. Now, if my friend will fix this
xuete aud bound beyond which the levy of
taxes shall not go, all that will be necessary
in order to destroy it utterly is to increase the
valuation so much that the same percentage
■Will cover everything that those engaged in
doing the business want to cover.
Mr. FKELING-HUYSEN. They cannot
mark up the personal property.
Mr. CONK.L1NG, 1 am not speaking of the
personalty, of course ; only of real estate.
Mr. FKELINGHUYSEN. This includes
both.
Mr. CONKLIN G. I know, and so far it is
■useful and it is the ordinary mode resorted
to in cases where assessments on real estate
are involved, as they are here; but I suggest
to the Senator from Vermont that unless he
can add something to his amendment which
will put a safeguard about the matter of assess-
ments he will take very little by his motion
against men who might feel inclined to thwart
his wishes.
Mr. liDMUNDS. That assumes that the
authorities of this District will be dishonest
and guilty of corrupt practices. Then those
to whom is confided the very delicate and re-
sponsible trust ot assessing people's property
and valuing it must be assumed, on his author-
ity, to be determined to overvalue it in order
to evade the statute.
Suppose there were force in what my hon-
orable friend from New York says, that it
would be possible lor base men to evade it, and
really to make the property bear more in each
year than the two per cent., which is the limit,
is it not worth while, as long as that is the
present provision of the organic act, to say for
the protection, so Jar as it will go, of these
very creditors with the other creditors of the
City—because it is not a question for the tax-
payers alone ; it is a question for the creditors
as well as the tax-payers—is it not worth while,
in order to keep the debt down, in orderther'e-
i'ore to keep the credit up aud the means of
paying up, to say, as we do, taking this state-
ment in the District act and my amendment
together, that while this tax shall be imposed,
(so far we say so in terms) ''that shall not
authorize yon to go beyoud the two per cent,
that we have limited you ; you may cheat us pos-
sibly, but yon shall not take this as authority
to outstrip the bounds we have set for you ?''
Mr. MORTON. The question as to whether
this District shall be allowed to subscribe this
stock is one thing, but if the District is allowed
to subscribe for the stock, then it should have
the right unconditionally and absolutely to
levy a tax to pay interest on the money bor-
rowed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So I say; but the Dis-
trict act, which we make part of our act, says
not that she shall have the right to do it, but
shall do it.
Mr. MORTON. Shall be required to levy
the tax?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It so says.
Mr. MORTON. But if the tax levy is to
be limited to two percent, these bonds cannot
be sold at all. The Senator's statement shows
that the present debt and expenditures of the
Government require it now to exceed the two
per cent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator entirely
misunderstands me. Nothing of the kind is
shown. The present debt and expenditure
of the city do not require any such thing so
far as I have said, and I verily believe they do
not. The point is that this Legislature, in the
haste and youthfulness of its new existence,
has not stopped to look at the acts of Con-
gress, but as to all sorts of things and pur-
poses that it took into its head has proposed
schemes that it ought not to have proposed.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, capitalists
will not buy the bonds of any municipal cor-
poration unless the right and the duty of that
corporation is clear and absolute to levy a tax
sufficient to pay the interest on those bonds;
aud if there is a limit of two per cent, and a
provision that taxation shall not exceed that,
1 undertake to say you cannot sell these bonds
at any price.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let me ask the Senator
a question. Ho knows, I suppose, that there
is this limit in the organic act, does he not?
If not I will read it to birn.
Mr. MORTON. I have understood it to
be so.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator knows it as
well as I do. Does he not know that, notwith-
standing that limit, the $4,000,000 bonds of
the city have been sold at ninety and upward ?
Capitalists do take them.
Mx-. MORTON. I am not sufficiently famil-
iar with that loan to speak of it; but I speak
in general terms. If the city is authorized to
issue these bonds, and is confined to a tax levy
of two per cent., no sane man would buy the
bonds without first examining into the public
debt, examining into the expenditures, the
money necessary to carry on the city, and satis-
fying himself that the interest on the present
debt can be paid and all expenditures paid,
and still enough be left to pay the interest
on these bonds. There is too much uncer-
tainty in it. Capital is timid. I am satis-
fied that the bonds under this limitation can-
not bo sold. If you want to sell the bonds of
a municipal corporation, you must show to the
capitalist a certified copy of the act which
authorizes and requires that city or that county
to levy a tax sufficient to pay the interest, and
finally to pay the principal. You must do this
to give it credit. I shall be astouished if these
bouds could be sold for twenty five cents on
the dollar after the city is bound by a limita-
tion of two per cent, in taxation, a limitation
imposed before the bonds were authorized to
be issued and without reference to theirissue.
The men who buy these bonds must be satis-
tied that the city has a right and is required to
impose a tax to pay the interest.
If it is not right to authorize the city to sub-
scribe this stock, defeat the bill ; but if it
is l ight, do not hamper it by amendments that
will in ellecfc defeat it; that by their operation
must defeat it; that will impair the credit of
the city. Do one thing or the other fairly and
squarely. Jf the city is authorized to sub-
scribe the stock, then put such provisions in
the bill as will give the city credit and enable ,
her to sell her bonds and get the money; but
if you think it unwise to authorize this sub-
scription, vote it down, and do not defeat it
by hampering it with provisions of this kind.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So I say,T.lr. President,
and it is exactly for the purpose of making it
plain, if this measure is to be carried, which
the Senator of course knows I do not believe
in, that 1 offer this amendment. For one as
much as anybody interested in the prosperity
of this city, the capital of the nation, where all
our honors are involved in its public debt,
whatever may be our tegal obligations, it is for
the very purpose of making these bonds as
good as possible, it is for the very purpose of
showing that the affairs of this District are to
be carried on with prudence and with circum-
spection and under limitations, so that it may
prosper and may not get overwhelmed by a
mass of debt, that I offer this amendment.
This is of great importance, not merely for
this particular debt; but let me call the atten-
tion of my honorable friend from Indiana to
another proposition. Here is what is called
the floating debt of these various cities, and
of the county of Washington, in this District,
amounting to $1,000,000 in round numbers.
_A bill has passed the House of Represent-
atives, I believe, providing for funding that
floating debt by further bonds still. Now, if
we are not to have the interest on these bonds
make up a part of the two per cent, or some
other limitation in the amount of taxation,
then we are to say to all the creditors whom
we ask to take these bonds: "This District
may be taxed two per cent, for the purposes
that the corporation chooses to impose npon
it, and this debt is in addition to that, and
therefore the taxation upon the property on
which you hold your mortgage is going to be
from year to year three or four or five per
cent." Every man who has earned money,
who has inherited money, who has the product
of labor ivhich he or his fathers before him
have done, knows that a community, particu-
larly one situated as this is, a political instead
of a commercial emporium, cannot bear that
kind of taxation, and that bonds which are
taken of a district thus situated must in the
end come to grief.
Now, it is to keep up the credit, it is to
show the public creditors that they are going
to be mortgagees, so to speak, on a small
mortgage instead of a large one, and that
these things are to be circumscribed within
safe and prudent limits, that I wish this prop-
osition in some form to be adopted as a secur-
Hy. My friend from Wisconsin has suggested
that another method of putting it, so as to
make this taxation for the bonds which we
authorize, first to count, and then that the
additional taxation shall not go in excess,
would probably be better and clearer. I
believe he has an amendment to propose that
will accomplish that.
Mr. CARPENTEE. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont by
substituting for it—
Andprovided further, That in addition to the tax
to be levied to pay the interest and sinking fund to
pay tile bonds provided for by this act and other
n'i?( i° !ssu,°? by authority of law by the
District, only sucli additional taxes shall be levied
as will, waen added to the tax aforesaid, be equal to
two percent on the valuation of the taxable prop-
erty ot the District.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am satisfied with that
amendment, and hope it will be adopted as a
substitute for mine.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Ido not like a prop-
osition to authorize the District of Columbia
to issue bonds to the amount of $600,000 for
the purpose contemplated in this bill,' nor do
1 approve of the principle which would limit
the Uistrict m its power to tax. Its power to
tax should be a power equal to its obligations,
sufficient to meet its obligations, if now you
authorize this District to issue $600,000 in
bonds, or to perform any other act, when that
act shall have been performed, and you call
