3060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
anything more than that, for commerce I should
like to know on what occasion.
Mr. NYE. I think we had better hear this
report. It is very interesting.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secre-
tary will continue the reading of the report.
The Chief Clerk continued and concluded
the reading of the report.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is a motion in order to
amend the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Committee
on Appropriations have proposed an amend-
ment to their reported amendment, which is
in the second degree. An amendment in the •
third degree would not be admissible.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I hope the amend-
ment and the amendment to the amendment
will both be voted down. The amendment
to the amendment is $50,000 worse than the
amendment, and the amendment is $100,000
too much. I desire at the proper time to
offer an amendment making the service double
what it now is; that is, voting $300,000 a
year for semi-monthly trips. That gives theia
$12,500 a trip ; and where a steamer cannot
run with $12,500 a trip bonus for the voyage,
1 do not think it can be a very profitable traffic.
With regard to the $-1,000,000 paid into the
Treasury by this line, it will be remembered
that that was wholly on coffee. We have now
repealed the duty on coffee entirely; and as
we are paying for the coffee in coin, 1 do not
think it worth while to pay a subsidy to a
steamship line to bring that coffee when sail-
ing vessels are waiting in great numbers to
transport it without bounty.
Mr. RAMSEY. My honorable friend from
Michigan is very anxious to know the postal
revenues derived from ourcommunicution with
Brazil. 1 will give him the figures. The Post-
master General states that "owing to the
imperfection of the service"—the infrequency
of the service I suppose he means—" die re-
sult. is that a majority of the letters from the
United States for Brazil are forwarded in the
British mail via Southampton, reaching their
destination by that circuitous route sooner tban
if detained a month for transmission by the
next direct steamer from New York to Rio de
Janeiro." The mail going out once a month
and returning but once a mouth is too infre-
quent to stimulate correspondence, and hence
most of the letters pass by the English line.
1 u the year 1800-70 the letters exchanged with
Brazilnumbered 160,000, and the postal receipts
were $20,315 29. In 1870-71, owing to tlie
more frequent arrivals and departures of the
British mail service, the number fell off to
98.487 letters and the postal receipts were
$Ki,27(i 5'J.
Mr. i'HANDLER. According to that we
paid $150,000 out of tlie Treasury to get
$20,000 ill That may be a profitable busi-
ness with the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, but, the Committee on Commerce
are not- veiy much in the habit of considering
that sort of exchange as beneficial to the
Treasury. We like to see at least the account
nearly balanced.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Senator ought cer-
tainly to know that $1,000 of postal revenue
means more than $1,000,000 in the Treasury
through the custom-house. Through your cor-
respondence you stimulate your trade. You
do not want to get all your revenue to carry
on the Government out of the postal corre-
spondence. It is a means to an end ; that is all.
Mr. CHANDLER. I accept the lecture.
The Committee on Commerce will turn over
their business to the Senator's committee, and
when the Committee on Commerce exchanges
and becomes a Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, I guaranty it will attend to post
offices and post roads, and when any commer-
cial matter comes before the committee it will
refer it to the proper committee.
Mr. SAWYER. It seems to be the under-
Stood policy of the Government that the sub'
sidy to the line of steamships between the
United States and Brazil shall be maintained.
We already have a contract for twelve trips a
year, at $12,500 a trip. The proposition is to
increase it to twenty-four trips a year, increas-
ing the compensation or subsidy $300,000,
making a total of $450,000 as the annual sub-
sidy.
Now, I call attention to the circumstance
that if it is worth while to maintain this line
of communication with Brazil at all, it is
worth while to make it effectual. It is evi-
dent that at present, with a length of voyage
which it requires twenty-six to twenty-eight
days to perform, a very largo amount of the
advantages of the line are lost to American
trade. But three or four days at the outside
are left at each end of the line for answering
letters and for filling orders, and the result is
that a large portion of the replies to corre-
spondents and of the responses to orders for
merchandise, &c., are conveyed through for-
eign lines of steamers.
But I will pass by that point, which is ob-
vious to any one who will consider it, to the
amount of the subsidy. The subsidy which
we give to the Pacific mail steamship line is
about three dollars per mile. If we give the
$450,000 which it is proposed by the amend-
ment of the committee to give to this line, it
will be less than $1 80 a mile, and I think
not much over $1 70 a mile.
Mr. WEST. One dollar and sixty-six cents.
Mr. SAWYER. Now there are a great
many steam lines running from European
ports to the Brazilian ports. They are gradu-
ally taking more and more of the commerce
of the world with Brazil and taking it away
from the United States. Our commerce is in
a fair way of being taken out of our hands,
so far as it exists between Brazil and the Uni-
ted States. Now, 1 say if this line is worth
maintaining at all, let us maintain it so that it
can exist and do us some good. As it at pres-
ent exists with the present subsidy, it is neither
profitable to the persons who carry on the com-
merce, to those who own the lines of steam-
ships, nor is it of any special advantage to the
United States.
The reasons for its not being advantageous
to the United States are, as is believed by the
Committee on Appropriations, and as is be-
lieved by the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, in the fact that it is a monthly
service on a long line. We are attempting to
do something to revive American commerce.
This is one of the steps which it has seemed
fit to two committees of the Senate to take
in order to aid American commerce. It
is but a drop in the bucket compared with
what other nations do in subsidizing steam-
ship lines to aid in their own commerce, and
I trust that the opposition of the chairman of
the Committee on Commerce to this subsidy
will not prevail with the Senate until he gives
better reasons for that opposition than that
the postage derived from the line is not enough
to pay the amounL of subsidy. We do not, as
has been well said by the chairman of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
expect that this subsidy will be repaid into
the Treasury of the United States by the
amount of postages on letters which are car-
ried in these vessels ; but we do expect to
extend American commerce over the great
field of South America; we do expect to
increase the exports from the United States,
so that those which we send out from this
country to Brazil shall be more than four per
cent, of all that she receives from the world.
The fact is to-day that we send her some-
thing less than four per cent, of her imports ;
and this, considering the position of the United
States with regard to Brazil, considering her
capacity to receive the products of the United
States, is simply disgraceful, if it is in our power
to increase the amount which we send to her.
We believe that it is in our power to increase
largely the amount of the importations of the
products of the United States by Brazil. We be-
lieve that m stead of paying for a l arge portion of
the merchandise which we receive from her in
the precious metals we may pay for them iu
our manufactured products. We believe this
subsidy which is proposed by the Committee
on Appropriations in this Post Office appro-
priation bill is one of the steps^ to that end,
that we may have at least one line of steam-
ships which will be maintained with sufficient
frequency to serve the proper ends of a postal
line between the United States and Brazil.
Mr. NYE. My friend from Michigan often
tempts me to think it is strange that a man
from the mountains should take any interest
in commerce. The locality of the State which
I have the honor in part to represent is mount-
ainous, and yet it forms a part of this great
nation. It is neither too high nor too low to
feel a warm sympathy with every interest that
is beneficial to this country. Therefore, I
shall be excused, notwithstanding my unfor-
tunate locality, if I occupy the attention of the
Senate for a few minutes on this question.
Two or three things are perfectly visible.
One is that the commerce we used to possess
I lias gone away. Now, sir. I am not going to
i stop to inquire into the causes. They are
I multifarious, and as many different things in
in regard to the causes exist as there are dif-
ferent individuals to talk about them ; but the
fact stands out, nevertheless, that our com-
merce is dwarfed and dwarfing. As an Amer-
ican citizen, and as one of the representatives
of the people and the interests of this nation,
I feel it my duty on all occasions to put forth
every laudable exertion to reinstate it, for I
know, and the Senate knows, that a great na-
tion is impossible without a great commerce,
and that owing to the peculiar situation of our
own country, geographically, a great commerce
is ours if our opportunities are properly hus-
banded.
My friend complains that this report did not
come from the Committee on Commerce. Mr.
President, this nation has begged on its knees
for eight years to my certain knowledge that
Congress should stretch forth its hand to resur-
rect, if possible, the commerce of our coun-
try. They have been answered by nothing
tiil the country, with the highest respect and
regard for that commerce, have looked in vain
for any relief from that source ; and it is from
other committees, especially from the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, so
nearly connected with our commerce as to be
inseparable, that relief has been proposed.
The Post Office Committee have charge of the
veinous circulation that pervades internally
as well as externally the whole country—the
mails ; and the Committee on Commerce com-
plain that they supply these little rivulets that
flow naturally to their committee. All this
is very well; but where is the relief to com-
merce?
I do not share in the apprehension of the
honorable Senator from Indiana [Mr. Mor-
tox] when he told us yesterday that subsidies
would not do at this time. Sir, for more than
eight years I have stood here and I have been
told that story every time there was an effort
put forth to aid commerce: "It will not do
now." Sir, when will it do? Is it better
to resurrect the dead than to try to save
the living? Sir, it will do, and this nation
demands more loudly now than anything else
that the power of Congress shall be exercised
in an honest effort to rebuild the commerce
of our country. I do not share in the appre-
hension of the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana that the people will frown upon it. Sir,
the people will sustain eveiything in this coun-
try that tends to ennoble us and to make us
grander and more important in the eyes of the
world.
Tlie PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. NYE, I would like about two minutes
more,
