1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
HERMAN GOODWIN.
Mr. PECK, from the same committee, also
made an adverse report oil the petition of
Herman Goodwin; which was laid on the
table.
JULIAN IIIBERT.
Mr. WAKEMAN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, made an adverse report, on
the petition of Julian Hibert; which was laid
on the table.
ELIZABETH KEATING.
Mr. WAKEMAN, from the same commit-
tee, also made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of Elizabeth Keating; which was laid on
the table.
ANNA CRAIG.
Mr. WAKEMAN, from the same commit-
tee, also made an adverse report on the peti-
tion of Anna Craig, widow of Edward Craig ;
which was laid on the table.
JOSEPH MONTGOMERY.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill (H. It. No. 894)
granting a pension to Joseph Montgomery;
■which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to the provis-
ions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Joseph Montgomery, late a private in
company P, fifteenth regiment Iowa volun-
teers, and to pay him a pension from the 10th
day of July, 18G5.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
hannah gray.
Mr. MOORE, from the same committee,
also reported a bill (H. 11. No. 895) granting a
pension to Hannah Gray ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of Hannah Gray, widow of Thomas Gray, late
a private in company F, eleventh regiment
Tennessee cavalry, and pay her a pension from
the 11th day of May, 1864, during her widow- 1
hood.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UOSANNA QUINN.
Mr. MOORE, from the same committee,
also reported back abill(H.R. No. 368)grant-
ing a pension to Rosanna Quinn.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to the provis-
ions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Rosanna Quinn, mother of Francis
P. Quinn, late sergeant ninety-sixth regiment
Illinois volunteers, and pay her a pension
from the 3d day of February, 1804.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
notice that a number of those bills are going
through without any statement in regard to
the reason why they are brought here, and
also without any report showing the circum-
stances of each individual case. I think it
would be a good practice for the Committee
on Invalid Pensions to state briefly the grounds
upon which they recommend these bills for
passage; that is, where they are not accompa-
nied by a report. I have in my own district,
and almost all the members of this House have
in their districts, many such, cases. Even if
these bills are all right, such an explanation
as I desire would enable us to know what the
judgment of this House ought to be. If gen-
tlemen, when they report these bills, will ac-
company them with some statement showing
the grounds upon which they recommend their
passage, sueh a statement of the grounds upon
which they are recommended will guide the
vote of this House in passing upon them, and
will also enable us to determine what is to be
the policy of Congress generally in regard to
them. Besides, I think that this loose way of
passing bills, without any report or statement,
is much to be reprobated.
Mr. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, in reply to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Siiellabarukii.] 1
would say that we are leady atall tunes to give
the reason why we report these bills ; but we
do not propose to consume the time of the
House in explaining every bill whose passage
we recommend, unless some objection is made.
There is a report in connection wiih this bill,
which hasbeensentup to the Clei k, and which,
for the information of the House, may be read.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
report.
The report was read. It stated that the
deceased soldier to whose mother the bill
proposed to grant a pension was severely
wounded at the battle of Chickamauga ; that
he received a sick furlough, and that on return-
ing to his regiment at the expiration of his
furlough he was accidentally drowned in the
Chicago river, February 3. 1864. The com-
mittee considered that having been absent on
sick furlough he should have been considered
as having been within the line of his duty at
the lime of his death.
Mr. ARCHER. 1 would ask the chairman
of the Committee on Pensions if the commit-
tee are not departing from the rule winch was
adopted m the last Congress in this respect,
that they are granting these pensions to date
from the time of death, instead of from the
time of the passage of the law.
Mr. MOORE. 1 will answer the question of
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Archer]
by staling that this case was acled upon by
the Committee on Invalid Pensions during
the last Congress. It was favorably reported
by the committee, and the committee of this
Congress has simply indorsed the action of the
committee which bad charge of this business
during last Congress. The bill then reported
passed this House. I may further state that
I was personally acquainted with this soldier
who lost his life at Chii-ago. 1 know him to
have been a man of the very best character,
and there is no probability that he lost his life
because of any carelessness or neglect on his
own part. He had gone home on sick fur-'
lough after the battle of Chickamauga, severely
wounded, and at, the termination of his fur-
lough was returning again to the trout. 1 think
there is no reason at all for depriving his
mother of the pension, whose dependence is
proven beyond question by the papers in the
ease.
The gentleman asks me if this committee
was disposed to go back on the position form-
erly taken on this subject, and to grant pen-
sions from the date of death. The committee
has assumed this to be the correct and proper
practice where a special act is passed and the
case is found to be in every way meritorious.
In such a case we think we have no right to
say that the applicant shall be granted a pen-
sion only from the time of the passage of the
act, if the Government proposes to do what is
just by the parties concerned. When there
is no fault on the part of the parties making
application, and the case appeal's to be merito-
rious, we propose to give the pension from
the time of discharge or death, or from the
time of injury so received. This case, how-
ever, as I have stated, was adjudicated upon
by the Pension Committee of last Congress.
The bill granting the pension passed the House,
and we have simply indorsed what was done
by last Congress.
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Speaker, I did not
intend to make objection to this particular
case, because 1 think it is a meritoiious one.
I desired simply to call the attention of the
House to the fact that all the bills which have
been reported this morning have dated back
to the time of death, instead of the precedent
being followed which formerly existed, of grant-
ing pensions only from the time of the passage
of the law. This case 1 think is a meritorious
one, but. when case after case of this kind is
reported, and the pension is made to run from
the date of death, I think the attention of the
House ought to be distinctly called to the
subject.
Mr. MOORE. The gentleman is in error
in saying there was any such rule adopted
during last Congress.
Mr. ARCHER. Generally.
Mr. MOORE. This action was had during
the last Congress, granting the pension from
the date of death. There has been no such
uniformity of action, and tho committee will
feel bound now, as they have felt bound
heretofore, to do as nearly what is just and
equitable in a given case as they can ascertain
what is just and proper.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time,and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider he laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAKTUA G. RUDOLPH.
On motion of Mr. MOORE, the Commit-
tee on Invalid Ppnsions were discharged from
the further consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 1-174) granting a pension to Martha G.
Rudolph ; and the same was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812.
WILLIAM AND COLEMAN SELLERS.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Patents, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 896) to enable William Sellers and Cole-
man Sellers to make application to the Com-
missioner of Patents for the extension of let-
ters-patent for an improvement, in coupling for
shafting; which was read a first and second
time.
The qtiestion was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It gives to William
Sellers and Coleman Sellers, of the city and
county of Philadelphia and State of Pennsyl-
vania, leave to make application to the Com-
missioner of Patents for an extension of the
letters-patentgranted to them for improvement
in coupling for shafting, under date of May 5,
1857, for the term ol seven years from and
after the expiration of the original term of
fourteen years for which the said letters-patent
were granted, such application to be made in
the same manner and to have the same effect
as if the same had been filed not less than
ninety day before the expiration of the afore-
said original term of said patent; and it pro-
vides that, upon such application so filed, the
Commissioner of Patents shall be authorized
to consider and determine the same in the
same manner and with the same effect as if the
application had been duly filed within the time
proscribed by law, and as if the original term
of said patent had not expired ; provided, that
no person shall be held liable for an infringe-
ment, of said patent, if extended, for making
use of said invention since the expiration of
the original term of the patent, and prior to
the date of extension.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask for the reading of
the report in this case.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I will
state that I have made no written report in
