1872-3
APPENDIX TO T1S COMGBESSIO&AL GLOBE.
321
42d Cong. .. . 2b Sess.
Free Trade—Mr. McNeely.
Ho. op Heps.
pig iron and Steel and their manufactures,
upon cptton and woolen goods, anil upon many
other article^, could be largely redueed with-
out reducing the revenue. The cry, there-
fore, that by taking off the duties levied
upon tea and coffee, the revenues will be so
reduced that we cannot reduce the tariff on
other articles, is the cry of the protection-
ists, which, I am sorry to see, has so fright-
ened some friends Of revenue reform that
they fall to calling those who differ with them
by hard names.
The whole tariff, if we are to have one,
oaght to be revised. The free list ought to
be enlarged, and the duties upon other arti-
cles reduced below a revenue standard, so as
to reduce taxation and relieve the consumer
of as much of the burdens imposed for pro-
tection as possible. I havfe no idea that this
Congress will pass any law upon the tariff, but
I shall unite with those who attempt a reduc-
tion of duties. Having lost all hope of such
general revision and reduction of the tariff
under this Administration, when I saw any
article on its wayto the free list, 1 have helped
it along with my vote.
ANY TARIFF UNJUST.
Bat, sir, I not only cdntend that it is unjust
to the consumer to rob him to enrich manu-
facturers, even by that incidental protection
which even a low tariff necessarily gives, but
that a tax by way of a tariff upon any article
is wrong on principle. It is in the nature of
a poll-tax, which makes all pay alike, not ac
cording to their ability to pay, but according
to numbers. Take, for example, tea and cof-
fee. A. tariff upon these articles makes a
poor man who Works for his daily bread pay
as ttiuch as the man who is worth bis millions.
They are necessaries of life, especially to the
laboring man. They afford alitneift and vigor
to the human frame, and minister to that Cre-
ative power which is essential to production.
They are substitutes for other stimulants. If
they are luxuries, they are the poor man's
luxuries, and ought not to be taxed except
as other property. No duties were, imposed
on either of them by the tariff of 1857. Until
taxed by the tariff of 1861 coffee, from 1832,
and tea, from the year 1841, were on the free
list. 'It is true that duties levied upon them
go into tlm Treasury, and do not enrich man-
ufacturers. The same would be true with a
pell-tax; but who would advocate that mode
of taxation for t,b,e support of the Government?
It is said that the .sum thus taken from each
person is small. Sir, principle knows nothing
about figures or amounts. You have no more
right to take five cents from my pocket un-
justly than a dollar. _ *
But if it was just to raise a portion of the
revenue from such articles, there are not
enpugh of such imports to raise over thirty
million .dollar^ qf revenue, which would not
justify the expense and machinery required
far- its collection. Tea and coffee would be
the principal items ,of such a tariff. Silk and
Sttgar, both in the raw and manufactured state,
have been classed jn the same list, but they
do pot,belong there.
During the last-year ,w,e imported raw silk
and silk goods valued ,at >$87,!90.6,734, and raw
sugar, and itsjpauufk<&ire ival gd i*t $74,826,-
848. Daring the flame tim,e the silk goods
manufactured in this country were estimated
as .valued J}t ,$30,00,0,0.(50, and for the protec-
tion (jf which industry the gfentlerpau frofn $'ew
Jersey .addressed'the flou^e a fed week's ago.
Th'eufpanufaQt.ure p'f refined sugar, confection-
ery, aad other articles made of sugar is p, still
more extensive iijdhgtrjy, aud has its advocates
here". Now, a tariff upon ipanufactured silk
M ,pgp.r added to the price of imports, pro-
tects the manufacturers, and to that extent en-
hances the post of the article to the consumer.
If .the manufactured", article W&s admitted free,
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 21.
% tariff upon raw silk or sugar would increase
the cost of material used by the manufacturer,
would prevent him from competing with for-
eign manufacture?, and destroy his business.
Duties levied upon sugar and silk goods may
not be §o objectionable and burdensome as
those imposed upon some other articles, but
they certainly can find no place iu a purely
revenuetariff. Articles used for medicinal pur-
poses should be admitted "free of duty, because
they are necessaries of the highest character.
AH articles which the manufacturer must use
in his business, alth'dtig'fi only found abroad,
shsuld be admitted frfie so as to relieve him
from tbe burden of an enhanced cost of mate-
rial and enable hini to compete with foreign
manufacturers.
A TAX UPON CONSUMERS.
With other absurd ptdpositidns which the
tariff forces its advocates to advance is this :
that a tariff does not increase the'price of the
goods to the consumer. A single illustration
will be sufficient. Pour yardg of WhitneV'cloth
necessary to make a coat, worth $>6 40 in cur-
rency at New' York] When presented by the
importer at the custom-house,'5s taxed with a
tariff of $1 80 per yard. The inij$orte'r pays
this tariff'of $5 20 upon the fouryaf'dk of cloth,
adds that amount to th'e'original cost! and sells
the cloth to our wholesale merchants for $11 CO.
The wholesale merchant "sells the cloth to the
retailer for $11 60 and his profit, and he to the
man who is to wear the colit for what he gav6
and his profit. At each sale of the article the
tariff of $5 20 and interest was added to the
price of the cloth, and the cdnsbmer finally
pays it. Now, suppose this cloth was not im-
ported, but #as fn'a'rfiifacttired in NetfEhgland.
In thkt case the hofhe'ihanufactui'e'r haS been
piote'cted'to theekteiit o'f'the tariff'fro in 'foreign
competition, alid whfen he goes into the market
with his cloth headdsto eachfouryards $5 20,
being,the amount of the tariff, which the whole-
sale merchant pays him, and which the man
who buys it for a coat finally pays as iu the
other case.
I say that he adds that much to the price of
the cloth, because if it was not for the tariff
the importer could sell it for $6 40 instead of
$11 60, and the manufacturer would be com-
pelled to sell for the same price, or the whole-
sale merchant would buy of the importer.
Upon the imported cloth the $5 20 goes into
the Treasury as a tax, upon the article of home
manufacture it goes into the pockets of the
manufacturer as his protection, and in each
case is paid by the consumer. In the same
way the consumer pays upon all articles named
in the tariff an increased price equal to the per
cent, of duties levied, either to the Government
as a tax or to the manufacturer as his protec-
tion. On woolen goods such as common coat-
ings we pay as an enhanced price fixed by the
tariff one hundred and eighteen per cent.; on
common overcoatings, one hundred and twenty-
seven per cent.; on common woolen goods for
women's wear, ninety per cent. ; on common
blankets to warm the poor, three hundred and
twelve per cent. Without going into further
detail, we can to some extent appreciate the
entire outrage committed by the tariff if we
will reflect that of the articles named in the
tariff our imports last year were valued at
$518,759,588, and those manufactured here
were estimated as valued at $1,715,658,243;
that upon the imports we paid to the Govern-
ment as a tax a tariff of $206,270,408 05, and
upon those articles manufactured and pro-
duced in this country we paid $714,583,242
as protection to manufacturers aud producers
qf such articles. Ada these amounts paid as
tax and protection together, and we have the
cost of the tariff to the consumer.. Thus we
see jthat jyith the tariff repealed, with free
trade and direct taxation, we, as a people,
could buy the articles named in the tariff for
$921,833,750 per aunum less than they now
fiost us. Of this sum itis estimated by those
who know best that the people of Illinois
paid last year $61,455,583, of which amount
$47,704,223 went into the pockets of the man-
ufacturers as protection for their support.
FARMERS AND MECHANICS.
Put, sir. this great burden rests with unequal
weight and hardship upon the farmer and me-
chanic. You lax the tools and mateiiuls used
by the mechanic aud the implements of the
farmer, while you could not if you would
afford them any protection by a tariff. Look
through the cities and towns of the whole
country and see the practical effects of your
tariff upon the blacksmith, the carpeut«r,
wqgon and harness maker, painter, und all
others similarly engaged. You wili see the
blacksmith loaded down witli taxes upon his
clothing and food, and upon that of his wife
and children, upon his household goods, and
upon the materials of the house that shelters
him and ]the §hop in which he works. You
will see him standing before his anvil, taxed
forty-four per cent., with a hammer, taxed
thirty-eight per cent., making horseshoes out
of iron taxed sixty-four per e -nt. If you ask
him what protection he wants, he will tell you
to repeal the tariff, and lift trotn his shoulders
and his business the tax that oppresses linn.
All the protection he asks is that justice be
done liiin. The condition of the blacksmith
serves to illustrate that of all other mechanics
and laborers who fiil cities and towns. Let
us at the same time remember that the aggre-
gate value of manufactures of this class of
industries which receive no protection is much
greater than that of those manufactures which
they are taxed by the tariff to support.
Upon the wagon, harness, piows, reapers,
and other implements of the farmer; upon
the materials of which his house, barn, and
fences are built; upon the clothing and other
necessaries of life for himself and fam'ly;
upon his household goods, and upon every
comfort of life, you impose the heavy burdens
of the tariff, and yet you give him in iu mil
no protection. Nor could you give him any
protection, except by a repeal of the tariff.
We are not importers, but exporters of his
productions. During the year ending .I line
30 last, we exported wheat and flour valued
at $09,236,608. It was sold in die sntu-j
markets with that which was produced m tlio
countries of the Baltic and the Mediterranean.
Thus the farmer, after producing what he does
under the heavy burdens of your tariff, must
go abroad aud sell his surplus products in
foreign markets, side by side with the products
of what is called on this floor pauper labor of
Europe.
Why, sir, everybody here knows that the
market price of wheat in New York is fixed
by that of London, the great wheat market
of the world; aud yet, sir, if the farmet
exchanges wheat in England for manufac-
tured articles to be sold here, he is sent
to the penitentiary if he attempts to bring
them home with him unless he pays for tho
privilege <jr bribes a custom-house officer.
He must bring his money home aud pay
tribute to the home manufacturer. 1'Jjus
the producers of breadstuff's, provisions, cot-
ton, tobacco, and other raw aud unmanufac-
tured articles were last year compelled to go
abroad with theirsurplus products, valued at
$513,308,010, while your tariff denied them
the benefit of a freeexchange of commodities.
Of our whole-foreign" trade last year the total
value of exports of the products of mechan-
ical and skilled industries amounted to only
$40,310,632, of which sum the exports offire-
arms alone amounted to $13,468,916, because
of the temporary French demand. THe value
of exports of wooleu goods was less than ih.\6
of either hops or ice ; the exports of cotton.
