1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8957
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Delaware as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sec-
retary will report the amendment now pending.
The Chief Clerk. On page 20, line one
hundred and seventy-seven, it is proposed to
strike out "Citric" and insert "carbolic."
The question being put, the amendment was
declared to be agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. Why strike out citric
acid ?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Because it
is made largely in this country.
Mr. THURMAN. I object to that. The
question will come up again in the Senate, or
I will reserve my objection to it until the bill
is reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will consider the question open if the Senator
desires.
Mr. THURMAN. Very well. There is
something in this bill that I cannot quire
understand, unless it is to be explained on the
theory suggested that this article is largely
manufactured here. There are a great many
medicines that were put on the free list by the
House, every one of which, in my judgment,
ought to be put on the free list; but now our
committee has stricken some of them oflf the
free list, and in the same direction the Sen-
ator from Vermont now moves to strike out
the word "citric," so as to exclude citric acid.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
is mistaken if he supposes that is in the
House bill. Citric acid is not on the free list
in the House bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I may he mistaken about
that particular matter, but we all know very
■well that it is used as a medicine, and used
largely, and I am not in favor of imposing
duties upon medicines because some of them
are manufactured here. As an illustration of
it, calomel, which is on the free list of the
House bill, is stricken out by our committee.
Why ? Because there are one or two establish-
ments that manufacture calomel in this coun-
try, and that is the whole reason. And so with
a dozen other things that I can mention and
to which I shall call the attention of the Sen-
ate presently. Is that right? Are the medi- I
cines of the people to be taxed because they 1
are manufactured to some extent m this coun-
try, while medicines that are not manufactured
in this country are to be put on the free list?
I do not think it is right. I am in favor of
putting all medicines upon the free list. There-
fore 1 hope the motion to strike out the word
"citric" here will not prevail.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator irom
Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
think this is perhaps of sufficient importance
to ask even for a division; but I object most
emphatically to the position taken by the Sen-
ator from Ohio. We have been compelled
through a season of war to place duties upon
all medicines. Now the time has come when
we can relieve a considerable share of them,
and the Senate committee have put on the
free list twice as many as the House, perhaps
three times as many. Is it anything more
than reasonable that if parties here manufac-
ture these acids and do it in as scientific a
manner and as cheaply as it can be done any-
where in the world, we shall leave these arti-
cles as the last to be made free? The whole
bill that we have here relieves us from as much
of the revenue as we can possibly spare, prob-
ably more. Shall there be any objection, then,
to excepting these articles of medicine like
calomel or quicksilver? They are articles
that are produced largely in our own country.
Why shall we not take them from their base
and put them into their most refined condition ?
Why shall we be dependent entirely upon
French chemists for every dose we take when
we are ill ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 9, noes II; no quorum voting.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. I suggest to Senators in
regard to this free list, which finally must go
to a committee of conference, many of the
items of which are technical matters, whether
they had not better take some other mode
than debate each item. I will state here that
I have the official papers before me showing
that the Senate committee have added to the
free list over six hundred thousand dollars.
Our list is admitted to be on all hands more
perfect, more complete in all respects than
that of the House; and I submit to the Sen-
ator from Vermont whether it is worth while
to press his amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
care anythiug about it.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I with-
draw the call for yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. This whole free list has
been studied very carefully, and I hope it will
not be deranged. . There are some things I
should want in, but on the whole it is better
to leave it. It will go to a committee of con-
ference at any rate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is disagreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of
the free list proposed by the Committee oh
Finance, namely:
Agates, unmanufactured;
Almond shells:
Aluminium, or aluminum;
Amber beads and amber gam;
American manufactures, the following, to wit,
casks, barrels, or carboys, and other vessels, and
grain-bags, the manufacture ot the United States, if
exported, containing American produce, and declar-
ation be made of intent to return the same empty,
snail be admitted free of duty, under such regula-
tions as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. As a mere
matter of form 1 move to strike out in line
one hundred and eighty-six the words "shall
be admitted free of duty." The words ought
not to have been inserted there.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That verbal
correction will be made if there be no objec-
tion. The Secretary will proceed with the
reading.
The reading of the proposed free list was
continued, as follows:
Angelica root;
Animals brought into tile United States tempora-
rily and for a period not exceeding six months, for
the purpose of exhibition or competition for prizes
offered by any agricultural or racing association:
Provided, That bond bo first given, in accordance
with the regulations to bo prescribed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, with the condition that the
full duty to which sucli animals would otherwise
be liable shall be paid in case of their sale in the
United States, or if not reexported within said six
months;
Annatto, roncou, rooou, or orloans, and all ex-
tracts of;
Annatto seed;
Antimony, ore, and crude sulphuret of;
Aqua fortis;
Argol dust;
Arrow-root;
Arseniate of aniline.
Mr. THURMAN. After "arseniate of ani-
line" I move to insert "asafetida." I want
to have the sense of the Senate oil this ques-
tion about medicines. Asafetida is in the
House free list, but our committee have
stricken it out. That is a medicine used ex-
tensively as a medicine, and a very valuable
one. You saw fit to put tea and coffee on the
free list on the ground that they are necessi-
ties, although the world lasted for many thou-
sand years without tea and coffee at all. But
you put them on the free list on the ground
that they are necessities, and now you propose
to tax medicines; simply because there may
be some little establishment in the United
States that makes these medicines you propose
to tax them. I am opposed to the whole
theory, and in favor of putting every one of
them upon the free list, and I begin with this
one.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have not
any objection.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 17, noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is a
quorum present.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope my colleague
will withdraw the amendment. If we divide
on every little thing of this kind we shall
never get through. Asafetida is a chemical
compound, made, as everybody knows, in this
country, and the duty is now small, barely
twenty per cent. Probably it does not com-
pensate for the duty on the materials of which
it is composed. 1 do not know what it is
composed of; but we all know what it is—a
very aromatic smelling drug.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is rejected.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move that at five
o'clock the Senate take a recess until half
past seven.
The motion was agreed to.
The reading of the proposed free list was
continued, as follows:
Balm of Gilead;
Balsams, namely: copaiva, fir or Canada, Peru,
and tolu;
Bamboo reeds, no further manufactured than out
into suitable lengths for walking-sticks or canes, or
for sticks tor umbrellas, parasols, or sun-shades;
Bamboos, unmanufactured;
Bezoar stones:
Bed feathers and downs;
Birds, stuffed:
Black salts;
Black tares;
Bladders, crude, and all integuments of animals
not otherwise provided for;
Bologna sausages ;
Bones, crude, and not manufactured; bones,
burned, calcined, ground, or steamed;
Borax, crude:
Borate of lime;
Books in the English language which shall bnvo
been printed and manufactured more than twenty
years at the date of importation.
Mr. SUMNER. I move to amend by adding
" and books printed in other than the English
language." It will be observed that the House
of Representatives in their list have that ex-
emption: "books printed in other than the
English language." Why our committee has
changed it, I am at a loss to understand. There
are two points to which I ask attention. In the
first place, books printed in other than the
English language I do not conceive can come
into competition with books manufactured in
our country.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him whether his proposition is to
admit all books; no matter when printed so
that they are printed in the English language,
or only books printed years ago?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator has not taken
notice of my amendment. The proposition as
reported by our committee is "books in the
English language which shall have been
printed and manufactured more than twenty
years at the date of importation." All that is
well. That is the existing law. That I like.
But, our committee has not followed the House
with reference to books printed in other .than
the English language. Now I wish to have
books printed in other than the English lan-
guage come in free of duty. I propose there-
fore to add the words " books printed in other
than the English language."
Mr. THURMAN. The Senator has not
answered my question. Does he propose to
admit all books printed in other than the Eng-
lish language free of duty, no matter when
they were printed?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, no matter when they
were printed; and I would ask why should
the Germans in our country, who still speak
their own tongue and like to read their own
literature, be obliged to pay adutyen German
books, whether of science er of literature?
