322
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 30,
Ho. of Rets.
Free Trade—Mr. McNeely.
42d Conq....2d Sess.
goods was less than those of oil-cake, while
the entire value of exports of woolen and
cotton goods, of iron, and the manufactures
of iron, was $1,900,385 less than our exports
of lard.
PROTECTION" OX NECESSARY.
But, Mr. Chairman, a taritf for the purpose
of protec.ion is as unnecessary as it is unjust.
The first tariff act was passed in 1T80, since
which time fifty two tariff nets have been
passed, until duties have been increased so as
to now average over forty-three per cent,
upon dutiable imports. Manufacturers pros-
pered more and complained less under the
low tariff of 1857 than under the present one,
although it is more than twice as high as it
was then. It was claimed at the first that
our manufactures were an " infant industry,"
and needed protection until they could stand
alone. As far back as 1833, Mr. Clay, while
discussing the compromise tariff in the
Senate, said :
"Afrer accumulation of capital and skill the
mntiuf.ieturers wilt stand alone, unaided by the
Government, in competition with tbe imported
articles from any quarter. Now, give us time,
cease all fluctuations and agitations for nine years,
and the manufacturers in every branch will sustain
themselves against competition."
Instead of this prediction being verified,
these "infants" have constantly grown
weaker, and their cries for help louder at
each increase of the tariff.
To the manufacturer here in the midst of
bis market, the freights and other charges
imposed upon tbe importer is a sufficient pro-
tection. To illustrate this point let us take
pig iron, which is the basis of all iron and
steel manufactures. I have here a statement
of Messrs. Naylor & Co., of New Yoik, im-
porters. showing the price of Scotch pig iron
(Eglinton) at London, on the 10th of March,
the charges in the way of freights, insurance,
and interest upon the capital invested while on
its way to New York. A ton of pig iron at Lon-
don on ship board on that day was worth in
coin $25 72; freights to New York were $5 14,
insurance was forty-nine cents, interest forty-
nine cents, making the total charges $6 12
in coin on an article worth in Europe $25 72.
It seems to me that this is sufficient protection
without a tar.ff. When this ton of pig iron was
landed at New York it paid a tariff of seven dol-
lars. and entered the market at a cost of $38 84
in coin, or $42 72 in currency. The importer
adds to this amount his profits and sells the ton
of iron for fifty dollars,-as the market reports
show. Additional freights and other charges
must be piid in the transportation of the im-
ported trou fiom the sea-board to the inteiior
befoie it comes into competition with our home
manufacturer. And yet our iron masters de
reand and Congress gives them seven dollars
per ton as protection here in the very heart of
the maiket, where they have a demand greater
than they can supply, with iron and coal mines
on the very surface of the earth, more exten-
sive and more easily worked than those of any
other coumry, surrounded by cheap and
abundant supplies of those necessities and
comfons which labor requires, separated by
the ocean irom competing manufacturers, and
protected by freights and other charges to
which 1 have referred. Who cannot see that
this demand is unjust, and that iron ought to
be placed upon the free list?
1 have made inquiry and am reliably in-
formed that pig iron is now being made in this
country at. a cost of not exceeding twenty-one
dollars per ton. Now, if you removethetanff
from coal, machinery, and means of trans-
portation, from clothing and food of those and
their families who mine the coal and make the
iron, and from the materials of which houses
are built, by which rests would be reduced,
the eost of making iion would be still less,
aad tbe ability of the home manufacturer to
compete with the foreign manufacturer placed
beyond all doubt.
The same thing is true of all other kinds of
manufactures. They are sufficiently protected
by distance from competing markets, by bur-
dens imposed upon importers in the way of
freights, insurance, interest, and delays in
reaching our markets.
TOO MUCH PROTECTION.
If manufacturers have any real cause of
complaint it is not that they are not protected
enough, but that somebody else is protected
too much. The relief which they ought to
seek should not be a higher tariff on their
manufactures, but an abolition of all burdens
imposed by the tariff upon the machinery and
material which they use and upon those arti-
cles whose increased cost caused by the tariff
compels labor to demand iucreased wages. It
is estimated that in the manufacturing dis-
tricts the operatives expend one half of their
out-goes upon food, one eighth upon rent, one
eighth upon clothing, and one eighth upon
light and fuel. It cauuot be disputed that a
tariff which increases the cost of either food,
rent, clothing, light, or fuel must increase the
cost of labor necessary in the manufacture of
articles from the raw material.
It is also true that a tariff which increases
the cost of material and machinery to be used
by the manufacturer compels him to reimburse
himself for that increased cost by increasing
the price of the manufactured article when
it enters the market. When be pays an
increased price for labor, material, and
machinery caused by the tariff, he is protecting
otlipr people, and hence demands a tariff which
will force the oonsumer to not only make up
his outlays in protecting other people, but con-
tribute to his protection and profits also.
KAILKOAD IRON.
The laborers who mine the ore and coal
necessary for making pig iron, and those other-
wise engaged in that business, are forced by
the tariff to pay protective prices for food, rent,
clothing, and other articles of necessity and
comfort for themselves and families, and the
iron-master pays protective prices for coal,
machinery, and transportation. To repay him
for this increased expenditure in his business
caused by the tariff, and to put some additional
profit, into his pocket, the manufacturer of rail-
road iron is compelled by your tariff to pay him
a bonus of seven dollars per ton of pig iron,
which iscalled the iron-masters' "protection."
When the manufacturer of railroad iron sends
it to market, we find himasking the purchaser
a bonus of fourteen dollars per ton, which he
calls his protection. Why? He will tell you
because he was compelled to pay for pig iron
seven dollars per ton more than it would have
cost him without the tariff; that the tariff also
required him to pay protective prices for
labor, machinery, coal, and other things neces-
sary in his business. To repay him for this in
creased expense of running his business, to
compensate him for protecting other people,
and to protect him also, he demands a bonus
of seventy cents upon every hundred pounds
of railroad iron ; and your law compels the
purchaser to pay it. The purchaser collects
this bonus which he has paid from the farmer,
who ships his grain and stock over bis road,
and from others who travel and ship over
this protected railroad iron. Now, sir, if
we should relieve the manufacturer of rail-
road iron of that increase of cost of labor,
material, machinery, and transportation which
the tariff compels him to pay, he could do
without the bonus of fourteen dollars per ton
which he receives, and make a fair profit in
his business. He might not grow rich so sud-
denly as he does now, but he would get ail
that he ought justly to receive. By reducing
the cost of railroad iron consumption of it
would increase ; a corresponding increase of
labor for its manufacture and use would follow;
transportation from the farm to the market
would be cheapened and made more con-
venient by increased lines of road and a reduc-
tion of capital to be invested.
IRON AND STEEL.
When we apply this line of argument to
all the forms which iron assumes in all the
processes of its manufacture, from the hair-
spring of a watch to an ocean steamer, we
can begin to comprehend the blessings that
would follow a removal of the tariff upon
iron and steel. The demand for iron is in-
creasing at an astonishing rate. The forms
of its manufacture and its newly-discovered
uses by the inventive genius of man are mul-
tiplying daily. It has become an article of
such prime necessity that it has been said
that the advancement of a people in civil-
ization is marked and measured by their in-
creased use of the manufactures of iron.
And yet we are the only people who discour-
age its use by the burdens of a tariff. The
influences of a growing civilization in Japan,
China, and other countries, as well as its mul-
tiplying uses among the most civilized, have so
increased the demand for iron that a ton of
pig iron worth §13 3-5 in London March 16,
1870, was worth $25 72 on the 16th day of last
March, and our furnaces are not ab!e to supply
our home demand. With all our natural advan-
tages over all other countries in its manufacture,
we ought to be the greatestiron-producing peo-
ple of the world. On the contrary, our exports
of pig iron last year only amounted in value to
$3,481, while that imported was valued at
$6,889,016. We subsidize lines of steamers
and build railroads across the continent in our
struggle for the trade of Asia and other coun-
tries of the East, but it does not come to us;
it passes by our door and seeks more distant
countries, where the manufacture of iron and
other needed articles is unburdened and un-
hindered by a tariff, and where it is invited to
come by a more free admission into their
ports. We prefer to increase prices by the
tariff, so that they who need what we manu-
facture cannot afford to buy of us, and exclude
from our ports what they would bring to
exchange for our products and manufacture*
by imposing heavy duties.
WOOLEN AND COTTOX OOODS.
If you would enable the manufacturer of
j woolen goods to sell them as cheap as those
admitted free of duty, repeal the tariff which
increases the cost of the dyes, drugs, and other
materials, of coal, machinery, buildings, rent,
interest,^transportation, the iabor he uses, and
of all that he and his family require for their
necessities and comforts. Strip linn of all these
burdens which your tariff imposes, and he will
sustain himself against foreign competition.
The same is true of the manufacture of cotton
goods, boots and shoes, hats, and all other
articles named in your tariff. By a repeal of
the tariff these " infant industries, " instead
of crying for "protection," would find that
they can stand alone, and the skill, industry,
and courage of American workmen would not
only enable them to defy competition at home,
but to send surplus manufactures abroad to
seek the competing markets of the world.
LUMBER.
While upon this point, let me ask, is it not
strange that just across Lake Huron, in Canada,
in forests of pine no better than those of Mich-
igan and Wisconsin, lumber can be manu-
factured for less money than on this side of
the lake? Their lumbermen live in as good
houses and as well as ours do. The tariff
makes the difference. Our lumbermen must
be protected against the Canadian, and my
people, when they build houses, barns, and
fences, furnish that protection by paying an
