3062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
but if a new company takes this contract,
we relieve this present company from its ob-
ligation in case it puts on a new line to
carry the mail on the semi-monthly line;
and when it expires in 1877 we have no
right, no matter how many lines they put on,
to have more than a monthly mail. I call
the attention of those who are interested in
that bill to that fact that they may investigate
and see if my view of it is correct.
But I am opposed to subsidies ; they de-
stroy competition ; and the money of this
Government is used against private enterprise.
That is all that I wish to say. That is a
great objection to it. The mail vessels are
not fit tor war purposes ; and notwithstand-
ing the amendment of my colleague that they
shall be so constructed as to be useful for
war service, you cannot make a mail ves-
sel (it for war service, and the amendment
which was introduced and adopted imposes an
impossible condition. If we need more mail
service, wc know that at the close of the war
we had on hand steam propellers, sloops-of-
war, vessels which were built very sharp, so
as to have great speed in chasing privateers
so sharp that they could not carry much coal;
but we can take their armament out of tliem
and then we can coal them, and then we can
use them, with our own naval officers and
practicing our seamen in utilizing these ves-
sels (which are deteriorating at the wharves)
for this extra mail service.
But this is not the policy to raise up our
commerce. In regard to the true policy to
build up our commerce there are, in my opin-
ion, two great ideas which are worthy of the
reflection of the Senate. One is to give a
drawback on the tonnage of vessels—the ton-
nage would include the enhanced price of
labor as well as of the material of which the
vessel is built—and to pass a law that goods
used by our commerce might be taken from
under bond without duty. That is one plan.
Another plan which I really think has a great
deal of merit is that suggested by a Repre-
sentative from Massachusetts in the other
House some time ago, a system of differential
duties, making a rebate of ten or twenty per
cent, if the goods imported are carried in our
own vessels.
By the aid of these two systems, draw-
backs and differential duties, we should find
that we should soon have ship-yards, which are
very essential to our navy, and we should soon
have seamen. These are my reasons.
Mr. COLE. I do not know but that the
plan of the Senator from New Jersey would
be the best; lam not prepared to say that it
. would not, but I should like to ask him if he
does not think it would be a much more costly
way of encouraging commcrce than the pres-
ent, and, further, whether it could be carried
out under our treaty stipulations with other
nations?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not think
this system is encouraging commerce. I think
that if you give one line the money of this
Government to compete with another line, it
gives them such an advantage that you destroy
private competition, while the other plan,
either a drawback or differential duties, leaves
the whole matter open to everybody.
Mr. COLE. I would suggest to my friend
that no suppression of competition has ever
taken place. I have never heard of it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, I
think there is one great mistake under which
the Senate is laboring. The statement has
been repeatedly made that we have lost our
commerce, and that we must do something to
recover it. _ I beg leave to say that the com-
merce of this country is not lost. It was never
as great as it is to-day. What is commerce?
Not the sailing of a ship; but traffic, trade,
intercourse, which will transfer the products
of one country to another. That is commerce,
and that to-day amounts in exports and im-
ports to nearly eleven hundred millions per
annum. What is then the difficulty under
which we are laboring? Why, the Senate and
Congress are endeavoring to build up a carry-
ing trade un&er the name of commerce. We
have lost a percentage of the carrying trade,
it is true, but the carrying trade, the mere
transportation, orthe means of transportation,
is not commerce. The Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Harlan] yesterday stated that the do-
mestic tonnage had very much diminished
from what is formerly was, and yet that it was
increasing. I should say to that Senator if he
were in his seat that tonnage is not an index
of the amount of commerce. To-day we have
our steamers instead of our sailing vessels,
and on our coast one steamer is worth four
sailing vessels, and on our rivers ten, so that
while the tonnage may be diminished, the com-
merce, both internal and external, has in-
creased, and has greatly increased, and will
continue to increase.
The efforts which are being made are efforts
to establish lines for the purpose of accommo-
dating a commerce which already exists. It
is possible that their value may be overesti-
mated. What is the importance of establish-
ing lines of transportation? It is to hasten
and make cheaper the exchanges; and the
object of the Senate appears to be to place the
capitalist of America in such a position that
he can use his money to establish lines of
steamers between this and foreign countries.
Is that important? It is desirable; just as
desirable as it is that the American capitalist
should put his capital in American bonds;
just as desirable as it is that the American
capitalist should put his capital in American
railroads; but who complains that you hold
out inducements for foreign capitalists to come
here and invest their money in railroad bonds
and in railroad stocks? Who is injured by it?
No one that I know of. I have heard no com-
plaint of it. So I ask you to-day, if foreign-
ers will come and establish steajnship lines
between other nations and this, and use their
capital in that direction for the benefit of the
American merchant and the American pro-
ducer, who is injured? I do not know.
It is said that we must maintain this com-
merce at all hazards, and we must establish
steam lines of communication between one
point of our nation and another where in my
judgment there is no traffic. Why? Simply
because Great Britain has subsidized every
line from America, and therefore we must take
an opportunity, seize it to-day, and establish
some line, no matter where, and no matter
whether there is any business or not. I do
not doubt that there is business between us
and Brazil. I know there is. I know that
that business is increasing. I know that it is
important. I would not undervalue it, and I
would much preferthat to that other line
which men design to establish between our
western coast and Australia, and I must say
that I am somewhat astonished at the states-
manship of some men who desire to give a
subsidy from the Treasury of the United States
to establish such a line as that; but if that sub-
ject comes before the Senate, I may say some-
thing in regard to it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Something has been
said about England subsidizing her lines.
Why, Mr. President, England absolutely would
starve in six months but for her commerce.
She does not produce her own food ; she has
cheap labor; she must seek the world for a
market to keep her workshops in motion. But
it is useless for us with our dear labor to at-
tempt to compete with England in her man-
ufactures at present. We cannot do it. Eng-
land, with her surplus of labor, her shortness
of food, her surplus of products, must seek
markets wherever she can find them, or her
people must starve.
Now the proposition is to establish a system
of subsidies; a system that will take nobody
knows how much, and England is held up as
the great example for us to follow.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a single question?
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the Senator if he
thinks we should have any disadvantage with
Austria, for instance, in furnishing Brazil with
flour? Now she goes to Austria for flour
in place of coming to the United States.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am not aware of that
fact, and I very much doubt it.
Mr. SAWYER. It is a fact.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should like to see the
statistics on that subject before I take that as
a fixed fact. She may go to Austria for her
fiour; but I doubt that very much. I know
that wc pay her in coin for at least four fifths
of all we take from her.
Mr. President, I am in favor of subsidizing
lines where it will pay to grant a reasonable
subsidy, and I do not say that I would op-
pose this if it were put at a reasonable sum ;
but $450,000 is too much. This company
has a contract with the Government of the
United States to transport the mails once
a month for $150,000 a year, and now the
company proposes to treble the amount of pay,
to get $450,000 instead of $150,000 for double
service. I am opposed to that, and I hope
the Senate will be opposed to it I hope the
amendment of the committee and the amend-
ment to the amendment will be voted down.
My friend from Connecticut [Mr. Bucking-
ham] said precisely what I proposed to say
when I got up sometime ago. A ship is not
commerce. You may haveall the ships on earth
lying at your docks and your flag flying from
every peak, and you have no commerce unless
those ships are loaded, unless they have cargo
to and fro. Our commerce never in the world
was so great as last year ; I have the statistics
here before me. It is true that a portion of it,
and too large a portion, has been done in foreign
bottoms ; butthatdoes not diminish the amount
of our commerce, which has gone on steadily
increasing and is increasing to-day
The Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] does
not seem to appreciate that you can have any
commerce unless you own the ships. It is
desirable to own the ships, as my friend from
Connecticut has said, very desirable, and I
hope to see the day when we shall have our
old supremacy in shipping ; but it never will
be done in the world by subsidies. It is not
the subsidized lines of Great Britain that pay
the largest returns. The subsidized lines are
compelled to make greater speed to perform
their trips quicker, and they do not pay as
large profits as some of the unsubsidized lines.
You will never restore your flag to the ocean
by subsidies. I care not how great you may
make them ; you may increase your subsidies
to $10,000,000 a year, aud you will not
restore your flag. That is not the way to do
it, and I am sorry to see a proposition seri-
ously brought before this body to restore your
commerce by paying money out of your Treas-
ury. You never will do it in that way.
Mr. WEST. Mr. President, the Senate is
probably not in a temper to listen to any dis-
cussion of the policy of subsidies, and in the
limited time that is allotted to each one of us
we certainly can do but little justice to such^a
subject; but there have been some matters in
connection with this peculiar proposition that
have been alluded to by Senators which it
would be wrong to pass over without notice.
The Senator from Michigan who has just
spoken says that the rate of subsidy here pro-
posed is too large. How does that corre-
spond with the decision of the Senate yesterday
giving three dollars per mile to a company
upon the Pacific ocean, and haggling to-day
at giving $1 66 a mile to a company on the
Atlantic? He says also that we pay nearly
all of our return trade to Brazil in coin. Such,
unfortunately, is the fact; but it was not the
fact when the United States possessed the
control of the Brazilian markets, for the com-
mercial statistics show that prior to the war
