1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
"323
42d Cono....2d Sess.
Free Trade—Mr. McNeely.
Ho. of Reps.
increased price for lumber. If the good Being
had not caused the tall lumber to grow on our
side of the lakes we could get cheap lumber,
but a law of Congress turns His intended bless-
ings to a curse.
Sir, when I was before the Committee of
Ways and Means some weeks ago with the
friends of Chicago, asking the same relief
given Portland, and heard the lumber lobby
of Wisconsin and Michigan protest against it,
something in me said that free trade should be
the law ot' men and nations, because it is the
law of God.
SHIP-BUILDING.
Mr. Chairman, the evils growing out of the
tariff are probably best demonstrated by its
effects upon our shipping interests. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury in his last report says:
" Returns for the fiscal year 1870-71 show that the
ocean oommerce of the United States is passing
rapidly into the hands of foreign merchants and
ship-builders. In the year 1860 nearly seventy-one
per cent, of the foreign commerce of this country
was in American ships; in 1864 it had fallen to
forty-six percent.; in 1868 to forty-four percent.;
and in 1871 it' is reported at less than thirty-eight
per cent."
Thus it seems that the confederate cruisers
were not the cause of the present complaint
of ship-builders or of our present decline in
American shipping, for the last of those cruis-
ers was captured over six years ago, and the
Secretary says that our shipping has been on
a steady retreat from the ocean ever since that
time. If those cruisers were the cause af this
decline, then, as soon as they were captured,
ship-building would have revived so as to
replace and rebuild what had been lost.
Official reports show that in 1860 our ton-
nage was 5,353,868 tons, being one half of
that of all other nations. On the 1st of July,
1865, it was registered at 5,096,781 tons, and
on the 1st of July, 1870, at 4,240,507 tons, in-
stead of 7,227,721 tons, which it ought to have
been had our shipping increased during the
ten years following the year'1860 as it did
during the ten years preceding that time. Thus
it is shown that during the four years of war,
ending July 1, 1865, our tonnage decreased
443,032 tons, and during the live years of
peace, ending July 1, 1870, it decreased
850,274 tons. The causes of this deeline are
these: we are not allowed to buy a cheap ship
abroad and we cannot build a cheap ship at
home. Our navigation laws will not allow our
people to buy or build a ship on the Clyde or
elsewhere abroad and bring it here and regis-
ter and sail it as an American vessel. For-
eigners who desire to carry on trade between
our ports and those of other countries may
buy their vessels where they can get them the
cheapest, but Americans cannot. Ships
that carry our flag must be built here and of
American material. They must pay tribute to
our iron-mongers and manufacturers by using
material taxed by the tariff. A ship built on
the Clyde costs thirty-three per cent., or one
third, less than if built in our yards. In the
prosperous days of American ship-building,
in tne year 1860, we had a low tariff, which
did not so much affect wooden ships, which
were the vessels of that day. Now iron ships
are found to be best, and the tariff on mate-
rial used in their structure is more than double
what it was in 1860. As the result of your
mistaken legislation our people cannot build
and sail ships in competition with foreign -
built ships.
To relieve our shipping interestof the bur-
dens which now oppress it it is proposed to
admit ships and materials for ship building
free of duty. That would be a very proper
remedy so far as it goes, but it would not go
far enough. In addition to admitting ships
and material for building them free ot duty
you must remove the tariff from ship stores,
from machinery used in their construction
and repair, from food, fuel, clothing, rent,
and other necessaries and comforts of those
who are engaged in ship-building. When
you do that, the same energy and skill which
once made us the first on the list of mari-
time nations will again make us first of all
in commercial importance, whiten all seas
with our sails, and restore our flag to the
ocean from which it has been driven by the
cross of St. George and your laws.
INTERNAL COMMERCE.
But, Mr. Chairman, if our trans-ocean com-
merce so excites our attention, how much
more should we be interested in relieving our
internal commerce by land, lake, and river.
The Secretary of the Treasury tells us that our
internal commerce is estimated at fifteen times
as great as our external commerce. The mer-
chant at New York can send his goods to or
from Liverpool by a foreign vessel, if it will
carry them cheaper than an American ship,
will do it; but when the farmer sends his pro-
ducts to the sea-board, or where goods from
abroad are sent from the sea-board to the
interior, and where goods are transported
along the lines of interior trade, wagons,
drays, cars, railroads, and boats must be
used which are built of material enhanced in
price by the tariff. This enhanced price of
material adds to the freights in proportion to
the increase of capital thus required. It is
therefore more important to provide cheap
transportation throughout the interior of the
country and between the interior and the sea-
board than it is to provide cheap ships to carry
on our ocean trade. The less the cost of trans-
portation of wheat, corn, stock, &c., from the
field of the farmer to the market where
it is sold the nearer it brings the producer to
his market, the more of the price which he
gets will remain in his own pocket, the more
his lands and its products are worth.
No reason can be given for admitting mate-
rials for ships free of duty, which will not
apply to the free admission of materials for
wagons, drays, harness, cars, boats, railroads,
and other agents employed in carrying on our
internal commerce. You can never make the
farmer understand why he ought not to have
a cheap wagon, as well as the ship-owner a
cheap ship.
As to the question of bounties and subsidies
to ship-builders, I will say nothing; I leave
that to the lobby where it belongs.
WAGES.
We are told that wages will be reduced by
free trade, to the injury of the laboring man.
Well, if a dollar will buy more of what we
need under free trade than a dollar aud a
half under a system of protection and enhanced
prices, what harm will it do the laboring man ?
The question with him is not how much he
is to get for his work, but how much can he
buy with what he gets. All investigations
show that the increase of the cost of living
under high tariffs is greater than the increase
of wages.
If a tariff protects labor, why is it not pro-
tected now under this the highest tariff we
have ever had ? When was there more dissat
isfaction among the operatives in our manu-
facturing districts than there is at this time?
When did you ever hear of so many strikes?
Why, sir, they have in some instances been so
driven to desperation that the military had to
be called out to preserve order. They are
everywhere associating themselves together in
labor nnions, taking counsel of each other as
to what they shall do. They know they are
oppressed and cheated out of their just dues.
They see themselves growing poorer and their
employers growing richer. Every day they
realize more and more that their children are
born to be paupers. I have before me the
report of an official investigation into their
condition in the manufacturing towns of Ma?'
sachusetts, to which I refer bacause it is the
only report of the kind in this country. 11
shows a state of increasing pauperis-n that, is
horrible beyond description. It is painful to
read the story of their desperate struggle for
the bare necessaries of life. The commis-
sioners say they are afraid to give t he uimes of
the unfortunate victims lest they will be dis-
charged for testifying to their misery and
wretchedness. They huddle together in their
small, unfurnished, squalid rooms, and pour
out their mutual griefs into each othei's ears
in whispers lest their oppressors h^ur them.
And yet, all the while, we are listening to lec-
tures from these manufacturers a ul their rep-
resentatives on the protection of labor.
DEMAND OP LABOR.
If we must protect these operatives fro:n
poverty and starvation, let us pay the money
to them directly out of the Treasury instead
of taking it out of the pockets of the western
farmer and then passing it to the operative
through the pocket of the manufacturer. As
a mode of distributing a cbar.ty the tariff is
altogether too circuitous in its operations. A
dollar sent in that way takes too uuceitaina
route; it is too apt to stop in the pocket of
the manufacturer. The truth is the tariff, by
increasing the cost of food, clothing, fuel,
lights, and rent impoverishes the operative
and benefits only the manufacturer. The only
protection that labor wants is justice and fair
dealing all around. It wants the shackles
removed from its hands and the burdens you
have imposed lifted from its shoulders. It
wants you to cease to tax muscle and give to
the industrious poor the untaxed right to earn
the necessaries of life. If you will do that,
there will cease to be conflicts between capital
and labor. There will be peace and harmony
between them, aa there should be. They will
become mutual helps to each other. But cap-
ital. in multiplied forms of monopoly, by your
aid is pushing labor to the wall. Li cannot
defend itself against capital thus assisted bv
your laws. The laboring people can repress
the aggressions of capital only by the ballot.
They may drive from power those who have
conspired against them. That they are pre-
paring to do. I hope they will succeed.
TARIFFS MADE BY HO RULE.
Mr. Chairman, another objection to the
tariff, viewing it as a tax, is the impossibility
to fix a standard at which its burdens will rest
with just and regular weight upon the inter-
ests which it affects.
Changes in the price of raw material and
of labor, in improvements in machinery, newly,
discovered processes of manufacture, and in
the supply and demand, are every day making
changes in the tariff apparently necessary in
order to harmonize the various interests in
volved. Congress, therefore, at each session,
is moved to change some feature of the tariff,
to relieve some interest which it oppresses.
Prices are thereby unsettled, and the mer-
chant to protect himself adds to the price of
the article a certain per cent, as an iu.suiance
against loss by reason of possible changes in
values which follow changes in the tariff. A
tax upon property is regulated by its value.
If its value changes, the tax changes with it.
It has its own law, and is not regulated by
Congress. No man can state the_ rule bj
j which the per cent, of tariff is levied upon
each of the thousands of articles embraced in
it. If a uniform tariff of a certain p-r cent,
was levied upon all imports it would be
founded upon a definite rule, whether a good
or bad one I will not stop to discuss. No
reason can be given why some woolens should
be taxed ten per cent,, others seventy pei
cent., others over two hundred percen*. ; and
so of cotton goods, the manufactures of iron.
