324
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 30,
Ho. of Reps.
Free Trade—Mr. McNeely.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
and other articles. Nor can any reason be
given why the per cent, of tax imposed upon
cotton goods should be different from that
placed upon woolens and iron, except that
the manufacturers want it that way.
Countless essays, editorials, and books have
been written upon the tariff. Debates, pro-
tracted and able, in nearly every Congress
since the foundation of ihe Government have
not exhausted the subject. Political cam-
paigns have bsen fought over it. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in all Congresses
have studied it, and thought of little else.
From the stump and by the press we are
reminded of it every day. The public mind
is confused with the discussion, and we are
no nearer its solution tlian we were at the first.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,]
after all the study he has given the tariff, said
in his very able speech the other day:
"Indeed it may be confessed that human life is
too short and human knowledge too limited to per-
mit any one to iully master this great subject in all
its details and relations."
Then let us abolish the tariff, and levy a tax
upon property which every man, woman, and
child can understand. Let us withdraw from
Congress a subject that occupies so much of
its time, that, it may devote itself to other
matters of public concern. The mode of col-
lecting the revenue should be simplified and
settled, leaving as the only questions, how
much revenue is needed, and is it honestly and
economically expended?
cost of collecting revenue.
Now, sir, let us see what the system of direct
taxation would save in the cost of collecting the
revenue. The Secretary of the Treasury in his
reports to tli s House says that the cost of
collecting the internal revenue for the year
ending December 31,1871, was go.835,128 33,
and that the number of pet-sons employed in
its collection was 4,395; that the cost of col-
led ing duties levied by the tariff during the
last fiscal year was $9,012,199 74, and that
the number of persons employed in the col-
lection of such duties was 4,409: the total
cost of such collections so far as is reported by
the Secretaty being $14,874,827 07, and the
number of persons so reported to have been
employed being 8,804. But this is not the
entire cost uf collection nor the whole number
of persons employed. The Secretary in his
report touching the collection of the internal
revenue says that he does not include in his
. S'atement the amount paid inspectors of to-
bucco, gangers of spirits, and store-keepers of
distilleries, which officers, although appointed
by the Government, are paid by owners and
producers of tobacco and whisky and by the
distillers. He also says it does not include
certain informers' shares," which are "dis-
tributed to internal revenue employes as in
formers by the courts," and which amount he
sajs ''his Department has no means of stating. "
We must also add to his statement the expense
of the office of Commissioner of Customs, which
he has omitted, but which he in a former report
estimated at §40,760. Besidesall this, to keep
the accounts of the Government with tliis vast
army of officers, to examine and pass upon
their statements of receipts and payments and
tht-ir other official acts, requires brigades of
that great army of bureau officers and clerks
now quartered in the Treasury Department,
and whose number and amount of pay no man
can tell. Let us not forget how much the
expense of the Federal courts, with their de
fendants, witnesses, and jurors, was increased
because of the 0,977 indictments and other
proceedings and suits which were commenced
by tne Government during the past year for
violations of the internal revenue laws alone.
We may safely estimate the entire cost of
Collecting the customs and internal revenue
at $18,000,000, and the number of persons in
their collection at twelve thousand. By abol-
ishing the present system of collecting rev-
enue we would not only save these millions of
money, but we would dismiss to useful employ-
ments this army of tax-eaters, and compel
them to contribute by their labor to the
national wealth.
To collect the Federal taxes, if levied upon
aerty, not a single officer would be added
ose now employed in the collection ot
taxes by the States, Territories, and this Dis-
trict, and instead of the thousands of officers,
clerks, and agents now employed by the Gov-
ernment in the revenue service, a single book-
keeper, to keep the tax account of the Gov-
ernment with the several States, Territories,
and this District, showing what each was
required by Congress to pay, and the time and
amount of such payments, would be sufficient.
The only additional expense would be the
commissions of collectors on the increased
tax. Can any plan be more simple and cheap,
or better protected from frauds?
revenue needed.
But, Mr. Chairman, how would a direct tax,
if levied as I propose, affect States and indi-
viduals in order to raise a sufficient revenue to
support the Government, pay pensions, inter-
est upon the public debt, and provide a sink-
ing fund for its extinguishment? To ascertain
how much revenue ought to be raised, let us
take the expenditures during the last year of
Mr. Buchanan's administration as a basis:
Total expenditures for 1860  $58,955,829
Add for increase of population, 22 per
cent  12.JV70.282
Eor depreciation of currency  7,198,111
l?or increase of pensions  30,000,000
Interest on the public deb:  101,951,341
Sinking tund on principal of the debt... 18,758,480
Deduct cost of collection...
Total revenue to be raised..
232,832,043
14.847,327
..#217,984,716
This estimate is too liberal, but I use it for the
argument. The increase in regular expenses
ought not to increase in the same ratio witu that
of population. The President, Cabinet, Su-
preme Court, Army and Navy, and much of the
Federal machinery which we had in 1860, would
be sufficient to run the Government now with
the same expense, it will also be observed that
I have deducted the lowest estimated cost of
collecting the revenue which a direct tax would
save. In my judgment, the entire expenses
ought to be less than $200,000,000.
Now, sir, the real and personal property of
the whole people is stated by the Census
Bureau to be valued at $30,068,518,507. With-
out stopping to criticise the manner in which
this valuation was estimated, it may be said
to be approximately correct. A tax of three
fourths t f one per cent, upon this property
would raise $225,513,788 81, being several
millions more than would be required for rev-
enue to pay all expense and commissions for
collecting it. In my judgment two thirds of
one per cent, would raise a sufficient amount.
quota op illinois.
The State of Illinois, with her property val-
ued at $2,121,080,579, would be required to
pay $15,912,609 35. On a tax of two thirds
ot' one per cent, she would pay $13,859,043.
She paid last year, as I have shown, ot the
iuternal revenue collected, $15,119,609, ex-
clusive of her share paid for stamps, pass-
ports, on salaries, and in fines which no
official reports show; and upon the basis of
population her people paid ol the tariffs col-
iecied $13,751,860, making $28,870,969 which
went into the Treasury as taxes. To this
must be added in order to get the entire
tax the share of the people of that State of
the whole amount paid to the manufacturers
as their protection, being the- increased cost
of articles purchased, which is $47,704,223.
But as property increases in this country the
per eent. of tax would decrease. In 1850 the
whole property of the people was valued at
$7,135,780,228, in 1860 at $16,159,610,068,
and in 1870, as I have stated, over $30,000-
000,000. Had it not been for the decrease
instead of increase in value of real estate in
many of the southern States, and the losses
caused by the war, the value of property in 1870
would have been double what it was in 1860,
as in that year it was more than double what
it was in 1850. It is fair to say that in 1880,
eight years from t'..is time, the property of the
wliote country will amount to $55,000,000,000.
A tax of one third of one per cent upon that
property will raise enough to suppoit the Gov-
ernment, pay pensions, interest on the public
debt, and largely decrease the principal of
tbe debt; for it must be remembered that pen-
sions will decrease each year, as by death and
other causes pensioners drop from the rolls ;
and as the principal of the public debt is paid
off the interest upon what remains will con-
stantly decrease.
property holders.
Now, with these figures every man who owns
property can tell how a direct tax will affect
him. Let him then calculate the costs of the
tariff alone, with its tax averaging in coin
seventy per cent, upon woolens, sixty per
cent, on cotton goods, sixty per cent, upon iron
one hundred and eighty per cent, upon salt, and
so on through the list of articles which he and
those who labor for him purchase, and he will
find that he would save money by a diiect. tax.
Owners of bonds, and railroad companies own-
ing land grants equal to States m number of
acres, might find objection to taxing their
bonds aud lands, but if they find it too bur-
densome the bondholder can exchange his
bonds for more active property, and the rail-
road company can sell their lands at a reason-
able price to actual settlers who can afford to
pay the tax. So there may be other excep-
tional cases where large owners of propeity
may be required to pay more under a direct lax
than under the present system, but I know of
no one who can better afford to pay taxes than
he who has property to pay it with.
the poor.
But the greatest benefit will flow to those who
have none or but little property. It will lift
from them the burdeu which now hinders tliem
in making a living for themselves and families,
prevents them from educating their children and
trom acquiring properly. In the amelioration
of the condition of those now penniless all are
interested. If the poor man can earn a com-
fortable living, andacquire a home for hi nit-elf
and family, educate his children, and so shorten
the hours of labor as to give himself time lor
his own mental and moral improvement, social
and political benefits will be conferred upon
his more fortunate neighbors, while the prope-
rty which he is enabled to acquire will help to
bear the common burden of the general tax.
labor.
Labor must be left as free as possible, and
its tools and implements must be as cheap as
possible, '"for it is labor that puts the differ-
ence of valueon everything." AsJolm Locke
said, nearly two hundred years ago:
" "Whatever bread is worth more than acorns, wine
than water, and cloth or silk than leaves, skins, or
moss, that is wholly owing to labor and industry."
Again:
" It is labor, then, that puts the greatest part of
value upon land, without which it would scarcely
be worth anything."
Under our present system we begin to tax a
man when he begins to make property, aud
quit after he has made it. We encourage
idleness by making it as expensive us possi-
ble to be industrious. If a man would do a
