376
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 1 o,
district of Texas, the sixty days allowed by law in
which to take testimony shall commence on the 1st
day of February next, nnd shall close sixty days
thereafter. That the testimony shall bo confined to
the issues presented by the pleadings, and may be
taken before any officer authorized bylaw to take
depositions in the State of Texas. Either party may
take testimony in the District of Columbia, before
any officer authorized, giving the opposite party or
his attorney three days' notice of time and place,
provided no mileage shall be paid any such wit-
nesses.
The question being put, the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution wag adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ma XL contracts.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. X ask unanimous
consent to introduce the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Rexolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads are hereby directed to inquire into
the matter of contracts recently made by the Post
Office Department for the transportation of the mails
in the United States and Territories, and report the
facts to the House; the committee having power to
send for persons and papers and examine witnesses
under oath.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say that
the Postmaster General requests that this in-
vestigation shall be made in justice to himself.
The resolution was adopted.
order. of business.
Mr, BINGEIAM. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] is on the floor to move an
adjournment. For what purpose does the gen-
tleman from Ohio rise?
Mr. BINGHAM. To call up the unfinished
business which was made the special order for
Wednesday—the bill providing for the election
of presidential electors in Louisiana. Bat I
have no objection to allowing it to go over if
it is the desire of the House to adjourn.
united states geological suk.vjsy.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee on
Printing, reported the following concurrent ;
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed Ofty-five hundred copies of Professor P. B.
Hoyden's preparatory report, to the Secretary of the
Interior of the United States geological survey for
the year 1870, thirty-five hundred copies uf which
shall be for the use of the House of Representative*
fifteen hundred copies for the use ot the Senate, and
five hundred copies for distribution by the Smith-
sonian Institution.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the tabie.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF NEBIIASKA.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the .same commit-
tee, reported the following concurrent resolu-
tion; which was read,considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed and bound, with plates and maps, one thou-
sand copies of the final repo, t of the United States
geological survey of Nebraska, five hundred copies
of which snail be for the use of the Secretary of the
Interior, and five hundred copies for distribution by
tne Smithsonian Institution.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
"vote by which the resolution was adopted;
BZld also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COMMISSIONER 01' INTKIINAL KBVKNUE.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it be concurred in, the following res
olution from the Senate: which was read con-
sidered, and concurred in:
In the Senate of i-iie United States !
Deco.nbcr 12,1S71, * i
11 solved by the Senate, (the Ilou^e of Represent- '
atives concurring) That two thousand additional I
copies 01 the last report uf the Commissioner of In- '
ternai Kevenue, with tables, be printed and bound i
for the use oft the Commissioner, and that five
hundred additional copies bo printed with paper
covers, also for the use ot the Commissioner.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was concurred in:
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Biiis, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
(H. R. No. 484) making an appropriation to
supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
expenses of the joint select Committee on
Alleged Outrages in the Southern States; when
the Speaker signed the same.
general ballocii.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary
of War, in answer to a resolution of the House
of December 18, 1871, in relation to the sus-
pension or muster out of General George W.
Balloch ; which was referred to the Committee
on Education and Labor, and ordered to be
printed.
indian appropriations.
TheSPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in relation to the act of
July 15, 1870, making appropriations for the j
current and contingent expenses of the Indian !
department, &c ; which was referred to the j
Committee ou Appropriations, and ordered to '
be printed. i
manufactures. |
1 he SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent, 1
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in relation to manufac-
tures which are not produced in the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
kel'oilt of tub secretary op tub navy.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid betore the House a concurrent resolution
from the Senate with reference to the print
in? of the report of the Secretary of the Navy;
which was referred to lhe Committee on
Printing.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Wood's
motion, and it was agreed to: and thereupon
the House (at one o'clock and twenty min-
utes p. m.) adjourned till Monday.
and trustees of the Savings Bank of New
Btitain, Connecticut, for the repeal of the tax
on savings institutions.
By Mr. WAKE.M A N : The petition of sun-
dry citizens of Batavia. New York, to amend
the pension law of 1871 by granting pensions
to persons serving less than sixty days.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under !
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com- !
m'ttees .■ 1
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts: The
petition of Isaiah Rich, jr., prirate in the four- 1
teenth Massachusetts light battery, praying for
a pension. ° !
By Mr. DOX: The petition of citizens of ;
north Alabama, asking for an appropriation '
of money to be expended in the erection of '
public buildings in the city of Huntsville, Ala- 1
bama. for the use of the United States courts, I
■ land office, revenue office, and other Federal I
offices located in that city. ;
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of the I
Middleton Sayings Bank and others, for repeal '
ot tax on saving.-, banks.
By Mr. McGHIiW : A petition of citizens ;
of West Virginia, asking for the establishment i
of a post road from Mouse's post office, in j
Grant county, via Hinckle's Mill, John Judy's, !
Michael Mallon's, and John J. Dmikie's, to !
Franklin, in Pendleton county, West Virginia.
By Mr. MOREY: A petition of several '
hundred citizens of north Louisiana, praying
for the rfestablishment of a United* States
district court in north Louisiana.
By Mr. PERRY, of Ohio: The petition of
C. M. Clark and others, praying an increase
of the salaries of letter-carriers.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of officers
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 15, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of the proceedings of Thursday
last was read and approved.
senator from alabama.
Mr. SPENCER. Mr. President, my col-
league-elect, Senator Goldthwaite, is present,
ready to be sworn in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Alabama rises to a question of privilege,
and states the presence in the Chamber of his
colleague, Mr. Goldthwaite, who will present
himself to the chair of the Vice President,
and take the oaths of office.
George Goldthwaite advanced to the Vice
President sdesk; and the oaths prescribed by
law having been admiuisteied to him, he took
his seat in the Senate.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair lays
before the Senate a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, which is brief, and as
it relates to the removal of duties from about
six hundred and fifty articles, it will be read
in full.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department.
Office ov the Secretary,
January H, 1S72.
Sir: In my annual report I stated that this
.Department was engaged in the preparation of a
list ot articles produced m other countries, which
enter into the arts and manufactures of this coun-
try and which are not produced in the United
states, and the revenue from which is inconsider-
able/'
A list of tuch articles has been prepared, a copy
ot which is herewith transmitted.
Upon fuither examination, it may appear that
the duty upon some ot these articles should be
retained; but the information now in po^sebsion of
the Department justifies the conclusion that it may
be removed from most or all of them.
I also transmit a list of articles used in the arts and
manufactures of the United States, or which are
articles of necessity or comfort for domestic cousum p-
tion, but which enter into competition with arti-
cles manufactured or produced in the United States
from,which the amount of duty derived i^ veryhm&lT
Ihis list 13 submitted to the consideration of Con-
gress, with the suggestion that touie ot the^ articles
may be placed upon the free lin wi'h advantage to the
business ot the country.
The former list embraces two hundred and thirteen
articles, and the latter four hundred and thirty-nine
Very respecttullv,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax. I 'ice President of the U>iited
states nnd President oj the Senate.
The letter was referred to the Committee on
Finance, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE i'UOSl THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represeuta-
ti\ es, by Mr. McPheksox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills
in which the eoucurience of the Senate was
reqnesied :
^°' lo ame"d an act
entitled 'An act to authoii/.e protection to be
given to citizens ot the Uitited States who
may discover deposits of guano,-' approved
August 18, 1856:
A bill (H. R. No. 208) for the relief of the
principal and sureties to the official bond of
Green v\\ Caldwell, late supeiiiilendem of the
Branch mint at Charlo;te, North Carolina ;
A bill (H. R. No. 308_) granting a pei.Mon to
Kosanna Quinn ;
A bill (H. R. No. 898) for the 1. lief of
♦Jacob Weart, collector of internal j< venue
liith district of New Jersey ;
A bill (B, li. No. 892) granting a, pei'iion to
Margaret Lee;
