1272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. GARFIELD} of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was recom-
mitted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
cyrus d. cochran.
Mr. FEYE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the honorable Secretary of the
Treasury of the United Seated be requested to send
to this House the papers in the case of Cyrus D.
Cochran, acting secretary of the Territory of Idaho,
together with copies of any letters or instructions,
&c., for the years 18G3,1864, and 1865, now on fil© in
the First Comptroller's Office, and to state whether
said Cyrus D. Cochran received pay for such ser-
vices; and if not, the reasons why such services
have not been allowed and paid.
claim 1'ou consequential damages.
Mr. TOWNSISND, of New York. 3 ask
unanimous consent to offerthe following reso-
lution :
"Whereas the agitation of the question of conse-
quential damage? to he claimed by the UnitedStatos
at the Geneva conference has produced a feeline: that
may militate against the completion of the Wash-
ington treaty, a result upun the consummation of
which history might be searched in vain fur a par-
allel; and whereas the United States, in submitting
to the proposed convention, ha^consonfed, in view of
the transcendent results to ilwsv therefrom in the in-
terests of humauitw to relinquish a valuable power
which by existing international law they possess; yot
as thN (xovernmentseeks no higher or loftier purpose
than flie good of mankind: Therefore,
Itnoloed, That it is the judgment of Congress that
the President be requested to set on foot negotiations
that will tend to the withdrawal of the question of
consequential or indirect damage^ Irom tue (ieueva
conference and its submission for final arbitrament
to the distinguished statesman and philanthropist,
John Bright, of England.
Mr. W. tt. ROBERTS. I object.
NAVIGATION OF MISS0U1U KJLVJflft.
Mr. CLAGETT, by unanimous consent,, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
llesoloed, That the Secretary of "War be, and is
hereby, requested to communicate to the House any
information in his possession showing the necessity
for removing the obstruction to navigation abovo
tho mouth of the Muscle Shell, on the Missouri
river, tho cost of said work, .mil tho amount which
tho Government will annually sn ve thereby in the
transportation of ruihtaiy anil otherstores.
ditty on frubstonio, ,-sandstone, htc.
Mr. POTTER. ! have been directed by the
Committer on tho .! utliciary to ask that they
be discharged from the further consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 1H08) to declare the
true intent and meaning of a statute, and for
other purposes, and to move the reference
of the bill to the Committee of Ways and
.Means.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What is the
statute which this bill proposes to construe?
The SPEAKER. 1'he title of the bill is
not a proper one ; it indicates nothing. The
Clerk will read the bill in order that the House
may understand it.
The bill was read. It provides that the
true intent and meaning of that portion of
section twenty-one of an act entitled "An
act to reduce internal tales, and for other
purposes," approved July 14, 1870, which
read as follows, to wit, " on freestone, sand-
stone, granite, and all building or monumental
stone, except marble, $1 50 per ton,'" is, that
the stone mentioned therein shall be admitted
at a duty of $1 50 per ton, whether in a man-
ufactured or unmanufactured state. The sec-
ond section provides that any duties that
may have been collected on any of the articles
in the first section of this act specified, since
the taking effect of the act approved July 14,
1870, in excess of $1 50 per Ion, because the
same was manufactured, in whole or in part,
shall be refunded to the person or persons who
may have paid the same, by tho Secretary of
the Treasury, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
_ The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
discharging the Committee on the Judiciary
from the further consideration of this bill and
referring it to the Committee of Ways and
Means?
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
settlement with joint debtors.
Mr. POTTER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1770) to authorize
settlements by the Secretary of the Treasury
with joint debtors of the United States ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
interruption of pacific mails.
Mr. ELY. I ask unanimous consent to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road be authorized to investigate and report to this
House whether the protracted interruption of the
Pacific mails during the present season is the result
of unavoidable causes, or of causes which may be
removed by the managers of the Pacific railroad.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let the reso-
lution be referred to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
Mr. ELY. I do not object to that, as a refer-
ence of the resolution accomplishes the same
purpose as its adoption.
There being no objection, the resolution
was referred to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
agricultural report.
Mr. WILSON, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent to offer the following concurrent reso-
lution for reference.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved by Ihe House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring.) That there be printed of the annual
report of the Commissioner of Agriculture, for the
year 1871, two hundred and fifty-five thousand extra
copies, one hundred and eighty thousand of which
shall be for the use of the Houso, fifty thousand for
the use of the Senate, and twenty-live thousand for
distribution by the Commissioner of Agriculture.
The SPEAKER. 'The resolution will, under
the law, be' referred to the Committee on
Printing.
sales of property by war department.
Mr. BECK, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to inform this House, as soon as practicable, what
property belonging to the United States has been
sold by any ofiicer or agent of the War Department,
or any bureau thereof, since the 30th day of Jmrt,
1865, giving the name of the officer making the sale,
the character of property sold, tho time, place, and
manner of making the sales, and the amount real-
ized from said sales, and the disposition made of the
proceeds, if paid over to the Treasurer or into the
Treasury; when and by whom it was drawn out,
wiien it has been so drawn, and what was done with
the pioceeds. lie is directed to state how much
money has been spent by his Department, and the
officers and bureaus thereof, since the 30th day of
June, 1865. in addition to amounts appropriated by
Cougrecs for the scrvioo of the several fiscal years
commencing July 1,1865.
Resolved further, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be directed to inform the House what amount
of money has been paid into the Treasury or to
the Treasurer of the United States from the sales
of property by the officers of the War Department
since the 30th day of June, 1865. lie will inform the
House how much of the money so paid into the
Treasury, or to the Treasurer, has been withdrawn,
stating when, and by whom, and in what amounts
sueh portions as has been withdrawn were paid on
the draft or order of any ofiicer of the War Depart-
ment.
r. t. r. lewis.
Mr. SLOCUM, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back from the Committee on Military
Affairs the memorial of R. T. R. Lewis,
commander United States Navy, and moved
that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
appropriations eor public buildings.
Mr. HALSEY, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, reported atable showing the amounts
appropriated for public buildings since 1850 ;
and moved that, the same be printed, and
recommitted to the same committee.
The motion was agreed to.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is
that the House do now proceed to business on
the Speaker's table.
The question being put, the motion was
agreed to.
committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. Yesterday the House
ordered a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 245)
amendatory of an act authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Arkansas
river. The Chair names as conferees on ihe
part of the House Mr. Shellabarger of Ohio,
Mr. Boles of Arkansas, and Mr. Hambleton
of Maryland.
admission op photographs.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (H. R. No. 1260) to provide for
the admission of photographs for exhibition
free of duty, with Senate amendments.
The amendments were read as follows:
Pagel, line four, after " all," insert "paintings,
statuary, and."
Page 1, line three, -strike out all after the word
" exhibition, " where it first occurs, down to and in-
cluding the words "seventy-two," in line seven, and
insert "by any association duly authorized under
the laws of the United States, or any State, for the
promotion and encouragement of science, art, or
industry."
Page 1, line eleven, strike out "pictures," and
insert "articles."
Page 1, line twelve, strike uot all after "reex-
ported" to the end of t'ne bill, and insert " within
six months after such importation."
Amend the title so as to read, " An act to provide
for the admission of paintings, statuary, and photo-
graphs free of duty."
Mr. DAWES. I move that the amendments
of the Senate be concurred in.
The amendments were concurred in,
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vole
by which the amendments were concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
francis a. eastman.
The next business on the Speaker's tabl«s
was the bill (H. R. No. 1529) for the relief
of Francis A. Eastman, postmaster at Chi-
cago, Illinois, returned from the Senate with
amendments.
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
Strike out all after " without," in line four, down
to and including "was," in line seven, and insert
in lieu thereof "so much of the amount of the
postal receipts, including money received for post-
age stamps and stamped envelopes sold up to tho
8th day of October, 1871, as was on hand."
Strike out the words "are just and proper," in
lines sixteen and seventeen, and insert " will cover
the loss actually incurred."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that the amend-
ments of the Senate be concurred in.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendments of the Sen-
ate were concurred in; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
department op justice.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S.^No. 570) transferring certain
powers and duties to the Department of Jus-
tice, and providing a seal therefor ; which was
read a first and second time.
_ The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that all and singular the powers conferred
and duties enjoined by existing laws upon the
Secretary of the Interior relating to the impris-
onment or discharge of convicted offenders
against the laws of the United States, or to
the reform school and jail in the District of
Columbia be, and the same are hereby, trans-
ferred to the Department of Justice. The
second section provides that the seal hereto-
fore provided for the office of the Attorney
General shall be the seal of the Department
of Justice, with such change in the device as
the President of the United States shall au-
