1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1273
thorize, and all books, papers, documents, and
records in the Department of Justice may be.
accepted and certified under seal in the same
maimer as those in the State Department, and
with the same force and effect.
Mr. PETERS. I ask that the bill be passed.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ACCOUNTS OF OFFICERS OF ARMY AND NAVY,
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 611) to continue the act
to authorize the settlement of accounts of the
officers of the Army and Navy; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to a
third reading.
The bill was read. It provides that the act
to provide for the settlement of the accounts
of officers of the Army and Navy, approved
June 23, 1870, shall continue to be in force
until two years after June 23, 1872, and no
longer.
Mr. SCOFIBLD. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TAFFB. I hope there will be no
objection to passing this bill; it is only to
extend the time.
Mr. SCOFJELD. I insist upon my motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
was accordingly referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
GILBERT MOItTON.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 820, to authorize the res-
toration of Gilbert Morton to the naval service;
which was taken up and read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
President to nominate, and by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate to reappoint
Gilbert Morton an ensign in the Navy.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I move that this
bill be referred to the Committee on NaVal
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill
referred accordingly.
swamp lands in iowa.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 533, for the relief of Lucas,
O'Brien, Dickinson, and other counties in the
State of [owa; which was taken up and read a
first, and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, requires the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office to re-
ceive and examine the selections of swamp
lands in Lucas, O'Brien, Dickinson, and such
other counties in the State of Iowa as formerly
presented their selections to the surveyor gen-
eral of the district including that State, and
to allow or disallow said selections and in-
demnity provided for according to the act of
Congress in force touching the same at the
time such selections were made, without preju-
dice to local entries or the rights of bona fide
settlers under the homestead and preemption
laws of the United States prior to the date of
this act.
Mr. DONNAN. The Committee on Public
Lands have had this subject under considera-
tion, and have agreed to report favorably upon
a bill similar to this.
Mr. MeCORMICK, of Missouri. I have
been instructed by the Committee on Public
Lands to report a bill exactly like this. I
will move that this bill be now put upon its
passage, and in its favor F ask the Clerk to
read a letter I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of thi Ihteriok,
General Land Office,
Washington, D. C., February IS, 1872.
Sra: I return herewith Senate bill No. 533, intro-
duced by Hon. Mr. Wright, which I have care-
fully examined, and with the amendment which
X have made I can see no objection to its passage,
but approve it in that shape.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WILLIS DRUMMOND,
Commissioner.
Hon. S. C. Pomekoy, United States Senate.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message fuom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had agreed to the amendment of the
House to Senate bill No. 550, to constitute
Shreveport, in the State of Louisiana, a port
of delivery.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, and requested the concur-
rence of the House in bills of the following
titles:
A bill (8. No. 156) for the relief of Freder-
ick P. Dimpfel;
A bill (S. No. 518) for the relief of William
Nixon, of West Virginia; and
A bill (S. No. 674) for the relief of William
Blanchard.
pay for soldiers' clothing.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. G15, to reimburse certain
soldiers for loss of clothing by fire at Chicago ;
which was taken up, and read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of War to issue without charge to
certain soldiers of the general mounted ser-
vice of the United States Army sufficient
clothing, or the money value thereof, to re-
place the amount lost by each of them during
their efforts to subdue the fire in Chicago, pro-
vided that the total value of such clothing
shall not in the aggregate exceed the sum
of $180.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
sale of public pb0perty in maine.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 475, to authorize the sale
of public property at Houltou, Maine ; which
was taken up, and read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of War to sell and convey the land
and building belonging to the United States
at Houlton, Maine, known a<? Hancock bar-
racks, if in his opinion it shall be for the inter-
est of the Government to sell the same, reserv-
ing to the county of Aroostook so much of
said land as shall be necessary for the monu-
ments erected thereon by the consent of the
War Department to establish a meridian line.
Mr. TERRY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to ask that this bill
be passed with the following amendment, to
be added to the bill:
"Which land shall be granted to said county: Pro-
vided, That the land so granted shall not exceed ill
value the sum of $500.
The amendment was agreed to ; and the bill,
as amended, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TERRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PENSIONS.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No, 644) amending the act
approved July 27,1868, entitled "An act relat-
ing to pensions."
Mr. ARCHER. I ask that the bill bo put
on its passage.
The bill was read. It provides for amending
the act named in the title by inserting after
the word "commissioned," in the second sec-
tion , the words '1 or was at some naval station.''
The SPEAKER. This bill has been twice
read. The question is on ordering it to be read
a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. What is the effect of the
change which the bill proposes to make in the
law V
Mr. ARCHER. I will say that this bill has
been considered by the Committee on Naval
Affairs, who have instructed me to report
favorably upon it and ask its passage. It was
passed by the Senate in lieu of the bill which
we sent to them for the relief of Mrs. Ruben-
stein and Mrs. Adams. The bill is designed
to correct a casus omissus in the existing law.
The law now provides that pensions shall be
granted to the widows and orphans of men
dying either on their way to a naval station
or while borne upou the rolls of a ship ; but it
does not provide for cases where a seaman or
officer dies at a naval station.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. The bill
applies only to naval pensions?
Mr. ARCHER. It applies to naval pensions
only; it proposes an amendment of the naval
pension laws.
Mr. MOORE. I have no special objection
to this bill, except that it is a very partial
remedy for the deficiency of the existing law.
The law is exceedingly defective in the direc-
tion indicated in the bill; and the bill does
not propose to amend the law to any very con-
siderable extent. Persons either in the Army
or the Navy who have suffered injury since
the passage of the act of 1868 are uot entitled
to have their claims considered at the Pension
Bureau unless they were at the time the injury
was incurred in the field, on the march, or at
some military post or station. No matter
where a man may be ordered by detail or
otherwise, if he is not in the field, on the
march, or at some military depot, his claim is
rejected at the bureau. In the same way as
to naval pensions, if a man is not borne on
the rolls of a ship, or if he is not under orders
to some naval station, he is not entitled to a
pension. 1 believe that the pension laws ought
to be so amended that any man belonging to
the Army or the Navy, dying in the discharge
of his duty, wherever he may be under com-
petent military or naval authority, should have
his claim recognized at the Pension Bureau.
Within the last few days my attention has
been called to the claim of a soldier of the
regular Army, a hospital steward, who died at
his post of duty, where he had been assigned
by competent military authority, to wit, in the
Surgeon General's office in this city. He
could not be anywhere else because he was
commanded to be here. Here he worked, and
he died in the discharge of duty. When his
case comes before the Pension Bureau the
Commissioner decides (rightly according to
the law as it now stands) that no pension can
be granted, because this man at the time of
his death was not in the field, on the march,
or off somewhere at some military post.
The Committee on Invalid Pensions, with
the assistance of the Commissioner, are re-
vising the entire pension code, both as it
regards the Army and the Navy ; and a meas-
ure embracing everything appertaining to this
subject of pensions will come before the House
during this session if time can be allowed.
This very feature, among others of the pension
laws, will be brought here to be amended and
regulated according to the judgment of the
House.
It has appeared to me that this little bill
