1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2169
On that question the yeas and nays have been
ordered. The Clerk will report the substitute
as amended. " '
The Clerk read as follows: . .
Sbc. —. That the provisions and limitations of the
act entitled " An act to limit the liability of ship-'
owners, and for other purposes," approved March
3, 1851, except the fourth section of said act, are
hereby extended and applied to all vessels required
to be inspected by this act, and the owner or owners,
chartererorcharterers, officers and-mariners thereof,
and shall have the same force and effect as to such
vessels, owner or owners, charterer or charterers,
officers and mariners, respectively, as suehprovisions
and limitations now have as to the ships or vessels,
owner or owners, charterer or charterers, officers and
mariners, respectively, to which or whom the said
act cow applies.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that by unanimous
cousent the substitute may be further.araended
by the addition of a proviso which I think will
remove all difficulty about the matter. And
I will state further that I make this proposi-
tion by instruction of the Committee on Com-
merce, to add to the substitute the following;
Provided, however, That " the value of the inter?
est" in a ship or vessel, "and her then pending
freight," contemplated by the third section of the
said act of March 3,1851, shall be taken and deemed
to be such value immediately preceding such loss,
damage, or destruction.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I report it from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and my colleague, [Mr.
Kerr,] who has the competing proposition, is
willing to accept it.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. If the House will
permit me, I will state in a word my objection
to the proposition.
Mr. KERR. It incorporates the decision
of the Supreme Court, and obviates a very
serious objection to the existing law.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Under the decision
of the Supreme Court the law as it stands
takes the value of the vessel as it is left after
the accident; in other words, it carries out
the idea that where the owners are without
fault, all they shall suffer shall be the loss of
the vessel; so that when they surrender the
vessel their liability is removed from them.
Now, by the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. IIot.man] we will
adopt the exception to the maritime law which
is adopted in the law of England, and which
our Supreme Court has rejected; in other
words, we are asked to adopt the special stat-
ute of England instead of the maritime law.
Mr. KERR. The Supreme Court has never
held that under the third section-of the law of
1851 the value shall be taken after the loss,
and this House has stricken out the fourth sec-
tion, to which the gentleman's remarks are
very applicable, and to be consistent with it-
self I say the House should make this amend-
ment proposed by my- colleague, [Mr. Hol-
man.]
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. What the Supreme
Court of the United States says is that it
might be doubtful how they could construe
that act without the fourth section, which the
House has now stricken out; but that with
that section there is no doubt, and they incline
to the maritime law. This is not the rhari-
time law, bat a special law of England.
Mr. CONGER. This provision defines ex-
actly the liability of the owners to the value
of the property and the then pending freight
immediately before the loss, which the gentle-
man desires and which I desire shall be the
limit of their liability. I think if the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Perry] understood it he
would find it in accordance with his views.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Perry] allow the amendment to be
received and voted uj on?
Mr. PERRY, of" Ohio. I would like to
allow a vote on anything that is proper, but this
is a proposition to make a fundamental and im-
portant change in the law, and I apprehend
the proposition is not understood.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I move to reconsider
the vote by which the main question was
ordered.
The SPEAKER. That cannot >be done,
because the previous question has been partly
executed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Perry] will at least allow a vote
upon the proposition.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. J would be very glad
to open up the consideration of this whole
subject, so as to make sure that the' House
would understand it, and then abide by the
vote. But I am under the impression that we
will be voting upon the amendment without
comprehending its full effect.
Tlie question was then "taken upon agreeing
to the substitute, and there were—yeas 116,
nays-48, not voting ?6 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Ambler, Averill, Barbfer,
Barry, Beatty, Bigby, Bird, Buckley, Burdett, Ben-
jamin F.Butler, Campbell,Freeman Clarke, Coburn,
Coghlan, Conger, Crocker, Dawes, Be Large, Dickey,
Donnan, DuBose, Bunnell,karnes, Farnsworth, I'ar-
well.Finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster,
Frye, Getz, Griffith, Hale, Harper, George E. Harris,
Ilawley, Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, Hibbard,
Ilill, Hoar, Holmau, Hooper, Kendall, Keteham,
King,Lansing, Leach,Lowe, Maynard, McClelland,
McCormick, McCrary, McHenry, Mclntyre, McJun-
kin, Mercur, Merriam, BeDjamin F. MeyersiMitchell,
Monroe, Morey, Morpliis, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Niblack, Orr, Packard, Packer, Isaac C. Parker,
Peck, Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Po-
land, Porter, Rainey, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie, Ellis
H. Roberts, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Shanks, Shel-
don, Shober, Shoemaker, Slocum, Sloss, H. Board-
man Smith, John A. Smith, Snapp, R. Milton
Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stoughton, Strong, Dwight
Townsend, Turner, xuthill, Twichell, Tyner, Upson,
Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wells, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Willard,.)ohn T.Wilson, and Wood—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Biggs, Braxton,
Bright, George M. Brooks, Buflinton, Burchard,
Caldwell, Carroll, Cobb, Conner. Davis, Box,
Duke, Ely, Henry D. Foster, Garrett, Golladay,
Haldeman, Hancock, Handley, Hanks, John T.
Harris, Kerr, Lamison, Lewis, Manson, McKinney,
M errick, Morgan, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Potter,
Read, John M. Rice, William R. Roberts. Rogers,'
Sherwood, Slater, Storm, Swann, Terry, Vaughan,
Voorhees, Whitthorne, Winchester, and Young—48.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Ames, Acker, Banks,
Barnum, Beck, Bell, Beveridge, Bingham, Austin
Blair, James G. Blair, Boies, James Brooks, Rod-
erick It. Butler. .William I. Clark, Comingo, Cot-
ton, Cox, Crebs, Creeiy, Critch.er, Orossjand, Darraji,
Duell.Eldredge, Elliott, Forker, Garfield, Goodrich,
Halsey, Hambleton, ' Harmer, Havens. John W.
Hazel ton, Hereford, Herndon, Houghton, Kolley,
Kellogg, Killinger, Itinsella, Lamport, Lynch, Mar-
shall, McGrew, McKoe, McNeely, Moore, Perce,
Peters, Piatt. Price, Prindle, Randall, Robinson,
Roosevolt, Scofield, Sceley, Sessions, Shellabarsor,
Worthington C. Smith. Snyder, Stowell, St. John,
Sutherland, Sypher, Taife, Thomas, Washington
Townsend, Van'Trump, Waddell, Wallace, Walls,
Warren, Williams of Indiana, Williams of Now
York, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—76.
So the substitute for the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
amendment as amended.
Mr, HOLMAN. Is the previous question
still operating so that this -amendment is not
subject to further amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not subject to fur-
ther amendment.
The question was taken, and the amendment
as amended was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed,,it was' accordingly .read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. NEGLRY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I ask permission to print
some remarks and statistics in the Globe in
connection with my remarks of yesterday.
No objection was made. [See Appendix.]
Mr. NEG-LEY. I ask to have printed in
the Globe a letter and memorial in relation to
this question.
There was no objection, and leave was
granted.
The letter and memorial are as follows:
New Yokk, April 1, 1872.
Sir: With regard to the bill regulating pilotage
now before your honorable committee, I would-like
you to keep in view the fact that under the existing
law we are prevented from choosing our own pilots
to take our vessels to sea, and the want of this au-
thority on my1part nearly caused the loss not long
since of the steamer Spain, the largest but one of
the ocean steamers ooming here. This vessel was
struck twice on going to sea, drawing twenty-four
feet ten inches, after I had warned the pilot to be
careful, as it was early on the tide. His anxiety to
get home early to his wife, however, seems to have
got the better of his judgment, if he ever had any.
Our vessels are much the largest coming here, and
the loss of any of them would be a most serious
affair for merchants and underwriters here, and if
we had the choosing of our own outward pilots we
should feel much greater security than we do now.
I am, sir, yours very truly,
B. W. J. HURST,
Manager.
General James S. Nugget, Chairman Committee of
Commerce, Washington,
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States in Congress assembled .*
The undersigned, merchants and owners or rep-
resentatives of steam and sail vessels plying from
the port of New York, do hereby respectfully peti-
tion your honorable bodies as follows, namely:
That section fifty-one of the act of Congress re-
lating to steam vessels, approved February 28,1871,
may be stricken out and abolished, and the follow-
ing section be inserted in its stead, namely :
Sec. 51. And be it further enacted. That all sea-
going vessels and vessels navigating the great lakes
shall be subject to the navigation laws" of the Uni-
ted States when navigating within the jurisdiction
thereof.; and -all .-vessels .propelled in whole or in
part by steam, and navigating as aforesaid, shall be
subject to all the rules and regulation's established
in pursuance of the law for the government of steam
vessels in passing, as provided by this act; and
every sea-going steam vessel subject to the navi-
gation laws of the United States, and to the rules
and regulations afoiesaid, shall, when under way,
except on the high seas, be under the control and
direction of pilots licensed by the inspectors of
steamboats. And no State or municipal govern-
ment shall impose upon pilots of steam vessels
herein provided for any obligation to procure a
State Of other license in addition to that issued by
the United States, nor other regulation which will
impede such pilots in the performance of their
duties as required by this act; nor shall any pilot-
charges be levied by any such authority upon any
steamer piloted as herein provided; and in no case
shall the fees charged for the pilotage of any steam
vessel exceed the customary or legally-established
rates in tho State where the same is performed.
.SPOFFORD, BROTHERS & CO.,
29 Broadway,
PACIFIC MAIL S. S. CO..
By F. N. G. BELLOWi-,
Vice President, 59 Wallstreet,
ATLANTIC MAIL S. S. CO.,
A. W. DIMOCK,
President, 5 Bowling Green,
HENDERSON BROTHERS, - .
7 Bowling Green,
OELRICHS & CO., 2 Bowling Green.
BOYD <fc HINCKEN,3 William street.
WILLIAM NELSONJr., 24 Old Slijy.
KUNHARDT & CO., 61 Broad street.
JOSEPH HYDE SPARKS. '
Agent tin tie Star Line.
U. S. & BRAZIL MAIL S. S. CO..
By C. K. GARRISON",
Acting President, 5 Bowling Green.
BRETT, SON & CO., -13 South street.
HUN'RY k PARKER, 25 (hcriUts Slip.
PEXElt I. NiJVIUS & SON,
11 Soulh street.
E..E. MORGAN'S SONS, 70 South «t,-eet.
TI10S. DUNHAM'S NEPHEW & CO.,
OS South street.
WILLIAMS & GUION, SZWall street.
GEORGE F. liULLEY, 120 Wallstreet.
FUN OH, EDYE & CO.,
27 South William street.
JACOB W. SCHMIDT k CO.,
5 William street.
JAMES. W. ELWELL & CO., „ ,
67 South street.
BARCLAY & LIVINGSTON,
21 Beaver street,
F.W.J. HURST,
Managing Agent National Line,
69 Broadway.
GENERAL TRANSATLANTIC CO.,
By MORT. L. MACKENZIE, ,
Acting Agent,
WENDT & RAMMELSBERG,
Agents JJultic Lloyd Mail S. S. Co,
CHAS. G. FRANCKLYN,
Agent B. & N- A-
GEORGE W. QUINT ARD,
President New } ork & Charleston SS to-
ll B CROMWKLL & CO., 88 West street.
JAMES M. HUNT. . .
Seeretarg Old Dominion a. ,s. Co.
h05iestkads to actual settlers.
Mr. HAWLEY. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being demanded, the morning hour
begins at twelve o'clock and fifty-two minutes,
