1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Naval Appropriations—Mr. Casserly.
Senate.
day's work we tax him on a spade or an ax
more than we tax the man for whom he works
npon his field or his bank account. If he
would fence and cultivate a piece of land, we
try to prevent him by taxing the instruments
and implements with which he begins the
work. If he would build a house, we increase
the cost of tools and materials by an onerous
tax upon them in order to place it out of his
power to begin his work; but if he overcomes
the impediments thus placed in his way and
builds his house, we quit taxing him, pro-
vided he will not attempt to build another or
do something else. When he begins to work
we begin to tax him, and the harder he works
the heavier we tax him. If our object was to
discourage labor and industry, we could not
more effectually do it than by means of a
tariff. We should wait until labor becomes
property before we tax it.
IKDrKECT TAXES.
But we are told that the tariff is an indirect
tax, easily collected and little felt by the peo-
ple ; that by it, we can take a dollar out of a
man's pocket, without his knowing it; yes, sir,
and we spend it without his knowing it. No
party ought to exist which is afraid to let the
people know what it, collects for revenue. A
few days afier 1 offered my proposed consii-
tutional amendment, I was told by an advo-
cate of the tariff that if all revenue was col-
lected by a direct tax the people would com-
plain. My reply was, "Yea, sir, they would
complain ; and if you did not stop spending
so much of their money they would turn you
out of office and put in someone who would
economize ; that if your successor would do
no better than you do the people would im-
mediately see it, because they could feel it,
and they would elect some one else the next
time, until they taught politicians and parties
that if they expected to remain in power they
must practice economy and honesty." Sir,
the tariff not only enables the manufacturer
to secretly and by stealth take out of the
pockets of the people millions of money, but
it go conceals its mode of collection that men
charge their burdens upon other causes.
Money thus collected encourages reckless and
profligate expenditures. If the farmer when
he buys four yards of Whitney cloth for a
coat should be told that that cloth would have
cost only $0 40 in New York, but that a tax
of $5 20 was assessed on it by the tariff
partly for the support of the Government., but
principally lor the protection of the manufac-
turer, do you not suppose he would complain ?
Suppose you should lay each year upon the
people, according to the articles they buy,
$921,833,750 as a tax, of which only $200,-
270,408 was to go to the Government for rev-
enue, while $714,583,242 went into the pockets
of the manufacturers, how long do you sup-
pose your tariff would stand? Who would
have the hardihood to support it? Horace
Greeley himself would be ashamed of the tariff
swindles which he has helped to fasten upon
us. And yet these vast sum are being col-
lected fiom the people every year. Taxes
should be so levied and collected that every
man would know exactly what he pays, under-
stand the machinery by which it is assessed
and collected, and know the amount and for
what purpose it is expended.
IT IiBBEDS FRAUDS.
The present system is so complex that even
politicians and others who have studied it
cannot understand it in all its details, and the
number of officers engaged in collecting, hand-
ling, and paying out the revenues ate so num-
erous that millions are stolen or squandered
■without our knowledge. The commissioners
on the reform of the civil service, all of them
friends of this Administration, say in their
report, which the President sent to us with a
message approving of it, that " it is calculated
by those who made a careful study of all the
facts that one fourth of the revenues of the
United States are annually lost in the collec-
tion." Official thieves and defaulters are
being discovered every day. Their number
lias so increased that they push each other
int.o sight in their scramble for plunder.
Those having the Administration in charge
find it impossible to conceal them. Their
heads, legs, and arms stick out at the Gov-
ernment windows. Every Department smells
with corruption, and the practice of frauds
upon the Government, has become a science.
Investigations spring up on all sides, reveal-
ing fresh villainies, and, like the "stop thief'
and the "hue and cry" that follows the track
of the escaping criminal, the cry for civil ser-
vice reform goes up from the whole land.
PATKONAOE.
Mr. Chairman, the number of Federal offi-
cers and the patronage of the President, daily
increasing, ought to be reduced. The officers
and agents, informers and spies, now engaged
in the collection of customs and excises, exer-
cise an evil influence upon the country. They
are iu danger of removal if they criticise the
policy of the Administration, and if they do
riot defend its bad practices they are afraid to
denounce them as independent citizens. The
tenure of their office depends upon the breath
of ihe President.. Their conduct is watched
and reported, and a sign or word of disloyalty
to their master is followed by removal from
office. Upon them devolves the duty of man-
ufacturing public opinion,packing conventions,
and improperly influencing a free expression
of the people at the ballot-box. A bad man
makes them bis party agents and henchmen,
and maintains himself in power through the
forms of caucuses and conventions as does
an emperor by his army. Not only do the
minions of power prostitute their offices to
the base services of their master, but bad men,
hungry for the loaves and fishes of office and
its •'opportunities,1' would attempt to pull
down a just and capable administration in
order to feed and fatten upon corruptions they
would inaugurate. The fierce struggle between
those who would stay in and those who would
get in power for the wicked purpose of plun-
dering the people should be abated by abol-
ishing all the offices created by the present
system of collecting revenue.
Mr. Chairman, I have given some of the
many reasons which exist for free trade and
direct taxation. They are not new with the
people whom 1 represent. More than twenty
years ago one of the ablest and most distin-
guished men who ever sat in Congress, one of
my predecessors, Hon. Thomas L. Harris,
in a speech against high tariffs, declared from
his place here:
" I believe that the interest of our whole people
would be promoted by having trade as l'rco among
the nations of the earth as it is between the States
of the Union ; and I am convinced that all restric-
tions upon trade or commerce tend inevitably to the
injury of the people imposing them."
That is the opinion of my people to-day.
Temporarily interested in thecorreciion ofother
abuses, and in the attempt to preserve the very
life of the Government, they may not insist
upon absolute free trade in the coming cam-
paign, but they intend to agitate and press it
until tradeis as free as the winds that bring it. to
our ports. I have no hope of favorable action
by this Congress. The day may be distant
when this great reform will be effected, but a
plundered and outraged people will finally
accomplish it. I have said what I have because,
in the language of Richard CobtJen, "1 believe
that the man or body of men who should be
able to abolish customs or excise duties m this
or any other country would be the greatest
benefactor of that country."
Naval Appropriations.
SPEECH OF HON. E. CASSERLY,
OF CALlt'OUfilA,
In tub Senate op the United States,
May 1, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the hill
(II. R. No. 1191) making appropriations for the
naval servioe for the year ending June 30. 1873, and
for other purposes—
Mr. CASSEliLY said:
Mr. President: Awhile ago I stated that
I should be obliged to say a few words on tile
construction of the two laws of Congress w.ikh
have been so much considered, partly in refer-
ence to a portion of the bill, but much more
in reference to the payment of $93,000 to
Secor & Co. by the Secretary of the Navy.
I will not be able to confine myself within five
minutes, yet I shall endeavor to make what I
have to say as brief as possible.
The history of the law sheds light on it. It
shows the facts with which Congress had to
deal. In 1807 there was a body of contract-
ors pressing claims before Congress for extra
compensation by reason of extraexpendir.ures
on their part iu building certain of the great
fleet of monitors and other warships during the
early days of the civil war. There were equities
in their claims on two grounds. One giound "
was that the building of iion-c ads, especially
those known as monitors, being iron clads of
a very novel and peculiar construction, was a
new and difficult experiment. Hence it was
almost impossible, during the process of con-
struction, to avoid alterations, often quite
extensive, of the original plans and specifica-
tions. Besides that, the Government, strug-
gling with a mountain of difficulties in a gigan-
tic civil war, could not escape great, delays in
the prosecution of the work. Froiu both
these causes, alterations, and del'iys by the
Government, large extra expenses fell upon
the contractors without any special fault of
theirs.
Upon those two grounds the contractors
had equities which Congress was willing to
recognize, and it passed an act for their relief.
That was the act of March 2, 1807, now before
me. It had a special proviso for the benefit
of a single contractor, Mr. Webb, the builder
of the Dunderberg. Of this proviso I shall
speak presently. The body of the act related
to the other contractors. As to them it pro-
vided a system of relief for their losses from,
either or both of the two causes 1 have men-
tioned—changes made in the plans, and delays
caused, by the Government. There were lim-
itations, not important now to be considered.
It also directed the Secretary of the Navy
to inquire and report. The relief and inquiry
provided by the act embraced all the comract-
ors under contracts made between May 1,
1861, and January 1, 1804.
It has been contended that the act, by its
terms, confined the claims of the contractors
and the inquiry by the Secretary to one of the
two classes of loss ; that is, the losses caused
by the delays of the Government. On all this
the act speaks for itself, if we are to look to
its plain words, it is sitnply impossible to main-
tain any such position. In express terms the
act requires the Secretary of the Navy to
ascertain the additional cost incurred by the
contractor from either or both of two classes
of causes. I read from the act now iu my
hands.
One class is—
" Changes or alterations in the plans and specifica-
tions required by the Uovornuiont."
The other class is—
"Delays in the prosecution of work occasioned by
the Government."
The only limitation is that each class of
