? 1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3065
■ low. This is too plain to need elaboration.
It partakes of the nature of self-evident truth.
We would not build ships unless we could
use them advantageously. We would not build
ships in Maine or anywhere else, with all the
advantages that could be afforded in the way
'of a drawback, unless there was use for those
-ships. Let me illustrate by a very simple
example: we send our mails away into the
Territories at great expense. Of course to
do that creates the necessity for constructing
stages or coaches. What follows? Presently
population goes there ; business springs up ;
and not only is there a necessity for those
" vehicles that carry the mails to and fro, but
a necessity for other vehicles for use in all
the occupations to which wheeled vehicles are
applied. The necessity for them is created
by the very fact of communication being first
opened; and I believe the same rule will
apply with reference to the ship-building of
this country. I feel certain, reasoning from
my own stand-point, that the opening of these
lines will very much stimulate ship-building
throughout this whole country.
. The statement is made that ship-building
must be augmented by drawbacks, &c. Draw-
backs from where ? Certainly from the Treas-
ury. That is far from a cheap method of get-
■ ting out of the difficulty we are under; and
yet I would, if necessary, give them drawbacks
upon their materials, but first create the neces-
sity for the ships if you can.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I should like to ask the
Senator from California one question. I will
not speak of the purchase of ships and their
employment in foreign or domestic trade; but
he knows enough about trade to answer this
question, which is a direct one. I understand
that yesterday the Senate voted to increase the
subsidy to the China line from California to
China. Is there any probability that he would
unite with others in the establishment of anew
line to do business such as is done by the line
already authorized unless by a similar subsidy
on the part of the United States? In other
words, is it possible for any company, or any
set of American citizens to associate them-
selves together and do a shipping business
between our western coast and China without
a subsidy, his company already enjoying a sub-
sidy ? Beside that, will not all the commer-
cial business of the western coast between the
United States and China be necessarily and
inevitably brought into subjection and under
the control of the.line that he has just advo-
cated the subsidizing of?
Mr. COLE. I will answer the honorable
Senator by saying, by no manner of means.
This is only like the stage-coach that opens
communication. It does not interfere with
the emigrant-wagon, or the freight-wagon, or
the farm-wagon ; and I say it will be followed,
as the opening of a stage line is followed, by
the other vehicles and means of communi-
cation, and presently by a railroad. So the
opening of this line of communication between
the United States and China and Japan will
be followed by commerce through other chan-
nels, by lines of sailing vessels, as is the case ;
and the trade by sailiog vessels has been very
much increased, let me state to myhonorable
friend, since the opening of this line. It is
not a monopoly, therefore, in any sense of the
word. It only encourages and promotes com-
munication by other ways. That has been the
result always. If I thought it was to stop
trade or to interfere with trade, I do not know
that it could be defended, but it is for the
purpose of promoting trade, which is always
encouraged and promoted by speedy, certain,
and regular communication between countries.
Mr. SHERMAN. My hope has been that
the friends of this amendment wouid offer it
in such a shape that I could vote for it, but
as it now stands I certainly cannot do it.
The proposition is to give $450,000 for double
the service we have already contracted for. I
have heard no sufficient reason given for this
very large increase of the subsidy in propor-
tion to the increase of service. I have been
desirous in regard to this bill to vote to main-
tain the two steamship lines we have now in
existence, the China line and the Brazil line,
and I was disposed to vote for double the sub-
sidy for double service. Beyond that I cer-
tainly would not go, and the friends of this
proposition, it seems to me, do injustice to it
and the circumstances by which we are sur-
rounded when they demand for this company
greater than double the amount of subsidy for
double the service. Beyond that I am cer-
tainly not willing to go.
But, sir, there are other modes of relief
that ought, to be granted to this company and
that have been proposed by the general bill
reported from the Committee on Commerce.
Perhaps the attention of the Senate has not
been very carefully called to the bill now on
the Calendar "to promote the ship-building
andcommercialinterests of the United States."
That bill contains two sections which, in my
judgment, if adopted, would be of more ser-
vice to the commercial interests of the United
States than all the subsidies that could possi-
bly be voted. One is to admit to American
registry the vessels that were driven by stress
of the war under foreign flagS. That ought to
have been done years ago, and I think nothing
but a feeling of pride about the American flag,
and a little gasconade of that kind, prevented
us years ago from allowing the ships that were
compelled by the war to change their flag dur-
ing the war to again assume an American
registry. That section is contained in the bill.
But the section that in my judgment will
give the most relief, and would be an imme-
diate aid to this company, is the fourth section,
which provides that foreign-built ships, steam-
ships, iron ships with a tonnage of over two
thousand tons, shall be admitted free of duty
to American registry. We cannot build these
ships now in competition with the English
ship-builders, and if that kind of vessels were
now admitted free of duty under the American
flag, this steamship company could buy them
and at once double the service and start this
line probably without any increased subsidy.
They state that in a paper which I suppose
has been submitted by this company to us.
They say:
"Iron British steamers can be built much more
cheaply than wooden American vessels. Their com-
pound engines use coal more economically. The
scale of British w;iges is thirty per cent, lower. Were
wo at liberty to use British bottoms, evon with our
wages we could as a rule have equal carrying capa-
city at two thirds of the cost, but we must use Amer-
ican bottoms and pay American wages. It becomes,
therefore, absolutely necessary that our vessels
should get some support Irom the Government."
Underthese circumstances, when itis admit-
ted we cannot build this class of vessels within
twenty or thirty per cent, of the cost in Eng-
land, why not admit them duty free ?
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator will allow
me 
Mr. SHERMAN". I have but five minutes.
Mr. SCOTT. I only wish to call his atten-
tion to the fact that one of the largest ship-
builders in the United States proposes at this
date to take a contract for any iron ship at ten
per cent, advance in currency on the British
prices for the same.
Mr. SHERMAN. I take the statement
made by these persons, and they say there is
a difference of thirty per cent. My honorable
friend from Delaware a moment ago said he
thought it was twenty per cent.; but I take the
statement of these people who are coming to
Congress for .relief. If that kind of relief
would enable them to double the service with-
out increased subsidy, why not give it to them ?
We cannot build these ships now, it is admit-
ted, in competition with English ship-build-
ers. Then why not admit them duly free,
raise the American flag upon them, put Amer-
ican officers on their decks, and have Amer-
ican lines instead of British lines?^ Why, sir,
if that bill should pass, authorizing foreign
ships when owned by American citizens to be
used for the present, for three years under the
American flag, one half of the lines between
New York and England would be American
lines in sixty days. Because we cannot build
these iron ships, we refuse to allow them to
have an American registry and enter our cus-
tom-houses free of duty. As long as this dif-
ference of cost between a ship here and iu
Liverpool is continued, as a matter of course
all the ships that ply between this country and
Europe will be under the British flag, because
our laws forbid them to raise the American
flag.
Now, Mr. President, to conclude as I com-
menced, unless this subsidy can be reduced to
what is a reasonable rate, say one half, I cer-
tainly shall not vote for it. One point more
and I am done. The argument has been made
that the vessels now receive less per mile than
the China line ; but it must be remembered
that the vessels on the China line are vessels
of four thousand tons burden—they are the
largest, certainly, on the Pacific ocean, andl do
not know but that they are among the largest in
the world—while these vessels are only two
thousand tons. We know very well that it
costs much more to run a vessel of four thou-
sand tons than one of two thousand. Con-
sequently the present subsidy is about as large
per ton to this Brazilian line as the present
subsidy to the China line. The difference in
the size of the vessels and the requirements
of the law iu regard to the China line are much
more onerous than they are in regard to the
Brazilian line.
Mr. SPRAGUE. As I understand the
proposition of the Senator from Ohio, it is to
admit to registry those vessels that were shut
out from the circumstances of our war. I
should like to ask him if it is his intention to
confine them, when they obtain an American
registry, to the ocean commerce, or does he
intend they shall participate in the coastwise
traffic ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I would allow the iron
steamship vessels only for foreign commerce ;
but the other vessels driven by the stress of
war to assume another flag ought to be allowed
to enter both the foreign and domestic com-
merce, in my judgment. I think it is a gross
outrage, because we could not protect those
vessels in time of war, that we should now
deprive them of the ordinary navigation of
our internal and external commerce.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let me ask the Senator
one other question, or perhaps my friend from
Maine can give me the information as well or
better. I should like to know the number of
tons of the coastwise traffic.
Mr. SHERMAN. Eight hundred thousand
tons were driven to change their flag during
the war.
Mr. SPRAGUE. What quantity of tonnage
is now employed in the coastwise traffic ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It was stated yesterday
that it was twenty-six hundred thousand tons.
Mr. SPRAGUE. All I have to say to the
Senator from Ohio is this: that by allowing at
the present time eight hundred thousand tons
to be employed in the coastwise traffic of this
country he would save that eight hundred
thousand and destroy about twenty-six hun-
dred thousand. In fact, he would put a
curse upon every ton employed in the coast-
wise traffic, and he must be very careful how
he introduces such a firebrand into our coast-
wise trade in its present weak condition, as I
know it to be from having money invested
and having friends' money invested in busi-
ness connected with the coastwise traffic.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to state to tha
Senator from Rhode Island that the bill in-
troduced by the Committee on Commerce does
not propose to admit foreign vessels, nation-
alized or admitted under our flag, to touch the
coastwise tariff.
Mr. BAYARD. I was attracted asd inter*
ested, as I generally am, by the remarks of
