1274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
which has come over from the Senate amounts
to scarcely nothing. It seems to me that it
does not deserve the consideration of being-
passed by the House ; yet, at the same time,
it is a step, one little step I think, in the right
direction to alleviate the difficulties under
which certain legitimate claimants labor while
the law remains in its present condition.
Mr. ARCHER. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Moore] will not antagonize this
bill merely because it does not go to the ex-
tent which he would like. I can inform the
gentleman that one of the persons who is to
be benefited by this bill, which the Senate has
chosen to put in the form of a general bill, is
a lady who has been supporting five children,
by her needle, and by the meager charity which
has been meted out to her by her neighbors.
She has been in absolute want of the neces-
saries of life, and we passed a bill which cov-
ered that case and sent it to the Senate. But
the Senate, not wishing to enact a law apply-
ing merely to suffering in one individual case
without making it general, and this being
clearly an omission in the law which was
passed in regard to pensions, passed this gen-
eral law and sent it back to us. There is no
difference of opinion in oar committee on this
subject, and I hope the House will do this jus-
tice to two persons, with their children, who
are suffering for the want of the passage of
this law.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Allright. Let the bill pass.
Mr. MOORE. I did not raise any objection
to the passage of the bill.
Mr. ARCHER. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. ARCHER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
isluu earth rivlir.
The next business 011 the Speaker's table
was a bill (S, No. 043) declaring the Blue
Earth river, in the State of Minnesota, not to
be a navigable stream ; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Let this bill be
referred.
Mr. CONGER. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
hau claikk mjmhjsk company.
The next business 011 the Speaker's table
was a billfS. No. 024) confirming and extend-
ing a patent-right to Levi W. Pond and the
Eau Claire Lumber Company ; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. RUSK. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee 011 Patents.
Mr. L. MYERS. Let the bill be read.
The Clerk commenced to read the bill. Be-
fore the reading was concluded,
Mr. L. MYERS. I withdraw the call for
the reading of the bill.
The motion of Mr. Rusk was agreed to;
and the bill was referred to the Committee on
Patents.
order of business.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, would it be
in order to move that the rules bo suspended,
and the House resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole tor the consideration of the de-
ficiency appropriation bill ?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would be
in order.
Mr. BANKS. Let us go on for awhile with
the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the motion I have
indicated.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the House will not
agree to the motion. Let us go on with the
business on the Speaker's table.
The question being put on Mr. jiolman's
motion, it was disagreed to—ayes 37, noes 78.
lake st. croix railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was a bill (S. No. 565) to extend the time to
the State of Wisconsin to complete the road
from Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior ; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. RUSK. I move that that bill be put
upon its passage. The Committee on the
Public Lands have agreed to a bill identically
the same.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Rusk] call the previous ques-
tion on this bill ?
The SPEAKER. The bill will be reported
in full, after which the Chair will recognize
the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Rusk]
who is a member of the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to say to the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Holman] that I did
not call the previous question.
The bill was read. It provides that in case
there shall be completed, within one year
from the passage of the act, forty miles of the
road from the St. Croix river or lake to Lake
Superior, as authorized by act of Congress
approved June 3, 1856, and act of Congress
approved May 5, 1864, and the Secretary of
the Interior shall be satisfied of such comple-
tion, the time for completing the construction
of said road as authorized by said acts shall
be extended to the State of Wisconsin five
years from the passage of the act, and all the
grants, rights, and privileges contained in said
original acts-shall be continued in full'force
and virtue for said time of five years; pro-
vided, that the word " mineral," when used in
the acts hereinbefore referred to, shall not be
held to include coal or iron, and subject to the
further condition that the lands granted by the
acts hereby extended, excepting only such as
are necessary for the company to which the
benefits of the act may inure, reserve for de-
pots, stations, side-tracks, wood-yards, stand-
ing-grounds, and other needful uses in oper-
ating the road, and pine, coal, and iron lands,
shall be sold to actual settlers only, and in
quantities not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acres to any one person, under such
rules and restrictions as may be prescribed by
the Secretary of the Interior, at.such prices as
will secure to said company, its successors or
assigns, an average price of not more than
$2 50 per acre, and subject to the further con-
dition that the right of way is hereby granted
to said company to the extent of one hun-
dred feet in width on each side of said road
through the public lands ; provided that the
grant hereby extended shall inure only to the
benefit of such company or companies as the
State of Wisconsin may hereafter designate.
Mr. RUSK. I yield now ten minutes to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I cannot accept so small a
portion of time in which to discuss this ques-
tion. There are two million acres of lands
involved here, and the land is worth from five
to twenty dollars per acre. I cannot consent
to discuss such a bill in five or ten minutes. I
insist 011 the gentleman allowing reasonable
debate on this bill. I desire to be recognized
for an hour, as there are other gentlemen who
desire to be heard as well as myself.
Mr. RUSK, I should be glad to hear the
gentleman state his views. I yield him fifteen
minutes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think the House on so
important a measure should give reasonable
time for discussion. I cannot consent to be
limited to fifteen minutes on a question of so
grave public importance as this. This is a new
grant of lands.
Mr. RUSK. The gentleman is mistaken.
This is not a new land grant.
Mr. HOLMAN. If I am allowed, I am pre-
pared to establish what I have said. I trust the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Rusk] will see
the propriety of allowing reasonable debate on
this bill.
Mr. RUSK. How much time does the gen-
tleman desire?
Mr. HOLMAN. I would desire an hour.
Mr. RUSK. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man. I will yield for fifteen minutes to my
colleague, [Mr. Hazelton.]
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. _ I do not
know as I shall occupy the attention of the
House as long as that. I do not desire to
trespass upon the attention of the House upon
this measure any longer than to make a very
brief explanation of the bill. I do not desire
to enter upon a discussion of any question
of principle involved in the bill. I believe,
Mr. Speaker, if I can have the ear of the
House for a few moments, I can demonstrate
that this bill ought to pass without serious
objection.
Now, it has been stated by my colleague
that this bill has been considered by the Com-
mittee on the Public Lauds, and that this bill
comes to the House with the same principle
involved as the bill which received the assent
of the committee. As I understand, no mem-
ber of the committee dissented from the report.
I desire to say further, that this is not a new
grant in any reasonable sense of the word.
Nearly sixteen years ago Congress made a
grant of lands to aid iu the development and
settlement of the northwestern portion of the
State of Wisconsin, the purpose being to fur-
nish that vast area of country with railroad
facilities, and to connect it for commercial and
other purposes with the markets of the South
and East. Under that grant, more than two
hundred miles of road have been built. A
road to the village of Hudson has already been
constructed, and the second division of the
road, from Hudson to Superior, is already in
process of construction, some twenty miles
of it having already been completed. Now, in
that connection I desire to say that the entire
amount of land covered by this bill is within the
State of Wisconsin, that the object to be accom-
plished is the construction of the railroad
entirely within that State, and that this par-
ticular enterprise is asked for by the entire
people of the State of Wisconsin. Both of
the political parties last fall, when their polit-
ical conventions were held, indorsed the prin-
ciples of this bill. The Legislature ot the
State of Wisconsin has recently, by an almost
unanimous vote, memorialized Congress forits
passage. They feel the importance of it; they
realize its necessity to the development of the
northwestern portion of the State.
Now, Mr. Speaker, why should not the wish
of our people be acceded to in this regard? In
anticipation of the construction of this load
settlements have been made all along the con-
templated line of the same. Parties have gone
there in good faith and made their purchase
of lands at $'2 50 per acre. They have ex-
pended large sums of money in improvements,
in the building of highways, iu the putting up
of dwellings, in the construction of fences and
mill property, and in otherwise developing and
enhancing the value of that country. They
had a right to expect this grant would be con-
tinued, that this road would be constructed. 1
am credibly informed that nearly two hundred
thousand acres of land along the contemplated
line of road have already been settled upon by
purchasers in good faith, at an advance price
of $2 50 per acre.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman inform the House what time this
company had by the original bill for the com-
pletion of the road ?
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. Not at the
present moment, but I will before I sit down,
! if I have the time to do so.
! But I was about to say that this is a measure
i which may be indorsed by any gentleman, even
