3962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
Teeth, unmanufactured;
Terra-alba, aluminous:
Tiea. crude;
Tin, in pigs, bars, or blocks, and grain-tin;
Tonquin, Tonqua, or Tonka beans;
Tripoli;
TJmbrella-sticks, crude, to wit.all partridge, hair-
wood, pimento, orange, myrtle, and othersticksand
canes, in the rough, or no further manufactured
than cut into lengths suitable for umbrella, parasol,
or sun-shade sticks, or walking-canes;
Uranium, oxide of;
Vanilla beans or vanilla plants;
Venice turpentine;
Waters;
Wax, bay or myrtle, Brazilian and Chinese;
Whalebone;
Yams;
Yeast-cakes ;
Zaffer;
Zino, old and fit only for remanufacture.
Mr. SHERMAN. What is the amendment
of the Senator from Iowa ?
Mr. WRIGHT. I propose to offer an amend-
ment in line three hundred and thirty-seven.
It involves a very large question ; but I do it,
I may say, more under instructions than any-
thing else. It is to put lumber on the free
list.
Mr. SHERMAN. Lumber is already pro-
vided for in the preceding section.
Mr. WRIGHT. I understand so, but I pro-
pose to present that question here.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator would not
take the opinion of the Senate now.
Mr. WRIGHT. No. I say I do it under
instructions.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the Senator offer it
in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
can reserve it until the bill is reported to the
Senate, because then if lumber was put on the
free list tbe bill would have to be altered in
olher sections. That will be regarded, then,
as reserved. Will the Senator from Texas
take the same course in regard to the amend-
ment he desires to have made?
Mr. FLANAGAN. Yes, sir, I will reserve
it and offer tbe amendment in the. Senate. It
is to strike out hides from the free list.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will make a memorandum of these two reser-
vations, so that when thebill is reported to the
Senate they will not be passed over. The
question is on agreeing to the amendment of
the Committee on Finance to section [six]
live as a substitute for the House free list.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert the following as an
additional section after [six] five.
Sec. 6. That for a term of two years from and after
the passage of this act, and no longer, machinery
and apparatus designed only for, and adapted to be
used tor steam towage on canals, and not now man-
ufactured in the United States, nv*y be imported
by any State, or by any person duly authorized by
the Legislature ol any State, free of duty, subject
to such regulations as may be prescribed by the
Secretary of the Treasury. And also that for the
term of two years from and after the passage of this
act, and nojon^er, steam-plow machinery, adapted
to the cultivation of the soil, may be imported by
any person for his own use, free of duty, subject to
such regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury
as before provided.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing as an additional section, after section
eight;
Sec. 9. That where lire-arms, shovels, spades,
axes, hatchets, hammers, plows, cultivators, mow-
ing-machines, and reapers manufactured with stocks
or handles made of wood grown in the United States
are exported for benefit of drawback under section
four ol the act of August 5,1861, and entitled "An
act to provide increased revenue from imports, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses, such articles shall be entitled to such draw-
back, under that act, in all cases when the imported
material exceeds one half of the value of the mate-
rial used.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [nine]
ten, line five, to strike out the words "wooden
sailing," before " vessels; " so as to read:
That from and after the passage of this act all
lumber, timber, Manila, iron, and steel not ad-
vanced beyond rods, bars, and bolts, copper and
composition metal which may be necessary for the
construction and equipment of vessels built in the
United States for the purpose of being employed in
the foreign trade, including the trade between the
Atlantic and Pacific ports of the United States, and
finished after the passage of this act, may be im-
ported in bond, under such regulations as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may prescribe; and upon
proof that such materials have been used for the
purpose aforesaid, no duties shall be paid thereon.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. This whole section involves
a matter of so much importance that I desire
it to be retained for consideration in a full
Senate. One amendment has been agreed to.
Ths VICE PRESIDENT. After the bill is
reported to the Senate, a motion can be made
to strike out the whole section. If there is no
objection, the perfection of the section will be
gone through with in committee, but the Sen-
ator can move to amend and also to strike out
in the Senate.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire the whole section to
be retained for consideration before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator object to perfecting the section by the
amendments of the committee?
Mr. SCOTT. Oh, no.
The next amendment was in line fourteen
of the same section, to strike out the word
"two'' before "months," and insert "three;"
so as to make the proviso read :
Provided, That vessels receiving the benefit of this
section shall not be allowed to engage in the coast-
wise trade of the United States more than three
months in anyone year, except upon the payment
to the United States of the duties on which a rebate
is herein allowed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"allowed," in line sixteen of the same sec-
tion, to strike out the following proviso :
And provided further. That the provisions of this
section shall apply to the materials above enumer-
ated, which shall be used in the construction and
equipment of steamboats engaged in navigating the
navigable waters of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the last pro-
viso to the same section, line twenty-two, to
strike out the words "ship stores, or," before
the words "the repair of;" and to strike out
the word "sail," before "vessels;" so as to
make the proviso read :
And provided further. That all articles of foreign
production needed for the repair of American ves-
sels engaged exclusively in foreign trade may bo
withdrawn from bonded warehouses free of duty,
under such regulations as the Secretary of the
Treasury may prescribe.
The next amendment was on pages 33 and
84, to strikeout section ten, as follows:
Sec. 10. That all laws and parts of laws requiring
that all duties on imports shall be paid in gold be,
and they are hereby, so far modified th.it hereafter
one third of ail duties on imports may be paid, by
the individual or corporation paying the same, to
the proper collecting officer of the United States, of
such import duties, in the legal-tender notes of the
United States, and the other two thirds of the duties
which are required by law to be paid by such person
or corporation sball be paid in gold; and all laws
and parts of laws now in force are repealed so far as
they come in conflict with the provisions of this
act: Provided, That the notes of national banks
required by law to be redeemed in gold may be
received for import duties.
Mr. VICKERS. I wish that section re-
served for action in the Senate.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The section
will be regarded as stricken out, but the ques-
tion of agreeing to the amendment is reserved.
Mr. CASSERLY. I would rather reserve
that even in committee for a fuller Senate than
this is.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are only two or
three controverted points in the bill, and they
had better be left until we come into the
Senate.
Tbe VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
say to the Senator from California that he will
lose no right by reserving this amendment for
a vote in the Senate. In committee some dis-
position must be made of it pro or con. The
Secretary will make a minute of it, and this
will be reserved, so that no Senator will lose
any right. ,
Mr. CASSERLY. Very well.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be considered as agreed to now; and the
question of concurring in it will be reserved
for a separate vote in the Senate.
The next amendment was to insert as a new
section, to be section eleven, the following:
Skc. 11. That the proviso in section four of an act
entitled " An wet to protect the revenue, and for
other purposes," approved July 28, 1866, is hereby
modified and amended so as to read as follows: Pro-
vided, That from and alter the date of the passage
of this act imported salt in bond may be used in
curing fish, when taken by vesseN licensed tn engage
in tbe fisheries, under such regulations as the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall prescribe, and upon proof
that said salt has been used iu curing fish, the duties
on the same shall be remitted.
Mr. FENTON. I wish this section reserved
for consideration until the bill is considered
in the Senate, and until after the subject of
salt is considered as to the reduced rate of
duty found in the second page of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will come in
the list of reservations after that subject. The
amendment wi'l be regarded as agreed to in
Committee of the Whole, and will be specially
reserved. The Secretary will make a minute
of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suggest a
mere verbal amendment in line seven; after
the word "by" to insert "owners of;" so as
to read:
"That from and after the date of the passage of
this act imported saltin bond may be used in curing
fish when taken by owners of vessels licensed to
engage in tbe fisheries, &c,
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the language of
the old law; of course the vessel could only
be licensed in the name of the owner.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not
press it if the chairman is satisfied with the
language as it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be regarded as agreed to and be reserved
when the bill is reported to the Senate.
The next amendment was in section [eleven]
twelve, under the heading of "distilled spir-
its," (which amends the act of July 20,1868,)
to strike out "sixty-five," in line seven, and
insert "seventy ;" so as to read:
Thatseotion one be amended by striking out the
words " sixty-five," and inserting in lieu thereof the
word' seventy."
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to inform the
Senator that this does not raise the tax on
whisky or change it in the least, but in a sub-
sequent portion of the bill we repeal other
taxes on whisky that yield about five cents, so
that it leaves the tax precisely as it is.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I desire to offer an
amendment in regard to licorice. Have we
passed the free list?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been
passed.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I reserve the right to
offer it in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate is
acting on amendments of the Committee of
Finance now. The Senator can offer his
amendment in_ committee or in the Senate.
The question is on the amendment striking
out sixty-five " and inserting "seventy" in
section [eleven] twelve.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifteen of
section [eleven] twelve, to strike out the
words "exemptions allowed" and insert
"quantity of spirits distilled as provided;"
so as to read :
Provided further, That the special tax paid by
distillers prior to the taking effect of this act, which
has not been exhausted by the quantity of spirits
distilled as provided by law, shall be refunded upon
proper application out of any moneys arising irom
internal taxes not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in "line twenty-
seven of the same section, to strike out the
words "relating to meters and meter safes,"
and insert in lieu thereof the following words :
-That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is
