2170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
and the House resumes the consideration of the
House bill No. 2117, to secure the public lands
to actual settlers, reported yesterday from the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. HAWLEY. It was suggested yester-
day by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Co-
burn, J whose remarks I did not hear at the
time, owing to the confusion about me, that the
effect of this bill is to repeal the homestead
bill passed the other day. I am very clear it
does not, because I would be the last man to
consent to a repeal of that law, and it was
passed through the House on tny motion, as
gentlemen may remember. But to put it be-
yond all controversy I propose as an independ-
ent section, to come in after section five, what
I send to the Clerk's desk and ask to have
read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman proposes
to offer the amendment which the Clerk will
now read when in order.
The Clerk read as follows :
Nothing in this act shall be construed as repealing
an act entitled "An act to enable honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors, their widows and orphan
children, to acquire homesteads on the public lands
ofthe United States."
Mr. PARNS WORTH. I suggest to the gen-
tleman that he put in after the word " repeal-
ing" the words "or affecting."
Mr. HAWLEY. 1 will say to my colleague
that many ofthe provisions of this bill are for
the benefit of the persons provided for that
act.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to this
amendment being considered as pending?
Mr. COBUItN. I object. I desire to have
read an amendment which I propose to offer
myself, and 1 supposed 1 was entitled to llie
floor to oflVr the first amendment.
The SPEAKER. No one is entitled to the
floor except by unanimous consent.
Mr. COBURN. I understand that, but I
supposed I shnnld have been recognized first.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
position of the question. The House on yes-
terday ordered the main Question. It then
voted to reconsider that. The question now
is, shall the main question be ordered?
Mr. HAWLEY. I wish to say a word, and
I hope I may have permission to do so.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. CONGER. I object unless I can be
permitted to say a word myself
Mr. HAWLEY. I do not object to that,
but I think the bill has been put in a false
position by reason of the action of some gentle-
men who are seeking to defeat it.
Mr. STOUGHfON. I object to the gentle-
man proceeding unless the other side can be
heard.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HAWLEY. They object unless they
can be heard. I have never objected to their
being heard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair never goes
into the reasons for an objection ; an objection
is absolute.
Mr. HAWLEY. I do not understand any
gentleman to make an absolute objection.
Mr. COBURN. I see that this measure is
Attempted to be debated ou one side only, and
1 insist-upon a vote.
Mr. HAWLEY. If we can be heard for a
moment on this side 
The SPEAKER. Three gentlemen object,
and one is sufficient.
Mr. HAWLEY. What gentlemen object?
The SPEAKBR. The gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Cobukn,] the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Coxgek,] and the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Stoughton.]
Mr. HAWLEY. I think the gentlemen  
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot have
the question argued. An objection is absolute.
The question was upon ordering the main
question ; and there were—ayes 57, noes 62;
so quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Coburs and
Mr.* Hawley were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 50, noes 72.
Mr. HAWLEY. I call for the yeas and
nays on ordering the main question.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes fourteen.
Mr. HAWLEY. I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the main question was not ordered.
Mr. COBURN. I move to amend the bill
by adding the following as additional sections :
Sec. —. That every private soldier and officer
who has served in the Array of the United States
during the recent rebellion for ninety days, and
who was honorably discharged, including the troops
mustered into the service of the United States by
virtuo of the third section of an act entitled "An
act making appropriations for completing the de-
fenses of Washington, and for other purposes,"
approved February 13, 1862. and every seaman,
marine, and officer, or other person who has served
in the Navy of the United States, or in the Marine
corps, during the rebellion, for ninety days, and
who was honorably discharged, has remained loyal
to the Government, shall be entitled to enter and
receive a certificate for a quantity of public lands
(not mineral) not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres, or one quarter section, which shall be com-
posed of contiguous tracts, according to legal sub-
divisions, including the alternate reserved suctions
of public lands along the line of any railroad or
other public woik, or other lands subject to entry
under the homestead laws in the United States,
wherever public lands have been or may be granted
by acts of Congress; and that said soldier, seaman,
marine, or oflioer, his heirs or assigns, shall be enti-
tled to a patent for said land upon complying with
the provisions of an act entitled "An act to secure
homesteads upon the public domain," except as pro-
vided in this act: Provided, That said soldier, sea-
man, marine, or officer shall be allowed twelve
months after locating his homestead within which
to commence his settlement and improvement: And
provided also, That the time which the soldier, sea-
man, marine, or officer shall have served in the
Army, Navy, or Maiine corps aforesaid, or if dis-
charged on account of wounds received, or disabil-
ity incurred in the lineot duty, then the term of
enlistment, shall be deducted from the time hereto-
fore required to perfcct title: And provided farther,
That any soldier, seaman, marine, or officer, as
aforesaid, may assign his certificate of entry within
twelve months from the date thereof to any citizen
of the United States over twenty-one years of age,
or person who has declared his intention to become
such, who has not previously availed himself of the
benefits of the homestead or preemption laws, and
said assignee shall succeed to all the rights of the
said soldier, seaman, marine, or officer; and it may
be lawful for such assiguee to become the purchaser
of certificates to the amount of not more than one
scction, or six hundred and forty acres of land, but
tho same shall be contiguous and adjoining, and for
the purpose of actual settlement; but no such as-
signor of a certificate of ontrv shall thereafter have
the right to avail himself of tho benefit of this act or
the acts heietofore passed granting homesteads to
actual settlors, nor shall such assignee have tho
right to acquire any other homestead under said
acts: Provided, however, Tnat no patent shall rssue
to said soldier, se.iman, marine, or officei, or his
assignee, who has not resided upon, improved, and
cultivated his said homestead for a period of at least
two years: And provided further, That said soldier,
seaman, marine, or officer shall not be required to
pay any Government fee.
SiiC.—. That any person entitled under the pro-
visions oftheforcgoing section to enter a homestead
who may have heretofore entered under the hotne-
siead laws a quantity of land less than one hundred
and Pixty acies, shall be permitted to enter under the
provisions of this act-o much land as. when added
to the quanruy previously entered, shall not exceed
one hundred and sixty acres.
Sec. . That in case of the death of any person
who would be entitled to a homestead under the pro-
visions of the first section of this act, his widow, if
unmarried, or in cabeof her death or marriago, then
Ins mmoi orphan children, shall be entitled to all
the benefitscnumcrated in this act: Provided, That
it such person died during his term of enlistment
the whole term of his enlistment shall be deducted
fromthe time heretofore required to perfect the title.
hEC. —. That every soldier, seaman, marine, and
otbocr who sei ved in the Army or Navy for the said
period of ninety days, and is now inscribed on tho
pension-rolls of the United States, or may hereafter
be inscribed on said rolls on account of wounds
received or disabilities incurred in the line of duty
may, in lieu of the rights, privileges, and benefits
hereinbefore conferred, enter upon, by an agent or
attorney, and receivc a patent for one quarter sec-
tion of land, as provided in section one of this act,
and shall be entitled to all the benefits of said first
section, and liable to all the provisions thereof, ex-
cept as to the personal residence; and that all acts
and things required to be done by said homestead
settler, by said first section, may be done by said
agent or attorney: Provided, That no such agent or
attorney shall act as such for more than one person
at the same time.
Sec. -, That all declarations and proofs required
under this act and the former acts granting home-
steads to actual settlers may be taken before the
judge or clerk of any court of record in the United
States, or of any State or Territory, and, when duly
authenticated under the official seal of such court,
shall be of the same force and effect as if taken
before the register or receiver of the proper land-
office.
Sec.—. That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office shall have authority to make all needful
rules and regulations to carry into effect the provis-
ions of this act.
Mr. HAWLEY. Will the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Coburn] allow me to offer an
amendment to his amendment?
Mr. COBURN". Certainly; I yield to the
gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. HAWLEY. I move to amend the
amendment by adding to it the following :
Nothing in this act shall be construed as repealing
the act entitled "An act to enable honoraoly dis-
charged soldiers and sailors,their widows and orphan
children, to acquire homesteads on the public lands
of tho United States."
Mr. COBUKN. I yield to my colleague
[Mr. Tyner] that he may offer an amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. No further amendment
can be entertained except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. TYNER. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following amendment:
Strike out in lines thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, and
sixteen of the first scction of the bill the following
words:
Or with the granting in limited quantities of the
public lands for pdueational purposes, or with grant-
ing public lands in limited quantities, the proceeds
of which snail be used lor purposes of internal im-
provement.
/fhe SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection to this amendment being entertained.
Mr. COBURN. I believe my colleague
[Mr. Tyner] wishes to submit a further amend-
ment.
Mr. TYNER. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following as an additional section :
Sec. —. That nothing in this aet contained shall
be construed to prevent the location of military
bounty-land warrants, agricultural college scrip, or
other scrip authorized under existing laws: P,o-
vided, That no location of more than one hundred
and sixty acres shall be made by any one person
with such military bounty-land warrants, agricul-
tural college scrip, or other scrip.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to this
amendment being entertained?
Mr. STOUGHTON and others objected.
Mr. TYNER. Is not the amendment in
order except by unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. The amendment offered
by the gentleman holding the floor [Mr. Co-
burn] and that offered by the gentleman who
reported the bill [Mr. Hawley] exhaust the
power to amend under parliamentary law.
Additional amendments can be entertained
only by unanimous consent.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. last unanimous
consent to amend by inserting, alter the words
" public lands," in line five, section four, of
the bill, the words "or upon surveyed lands
where no land office has been established."
Mr. HAWLEY. I object to that amend-
ment.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent,
to offer au amendment, adding, after the word
" therefrom," in line five, section one, of the
bill, the words "or other lands unsuitable in
quantity or quality for homesteads, to be de-
fined by regulations proscribed by the Sec-
retary of the Interior." This amendment is
designed to embrace small pieces of land which
on account of being swamp land or from other
causes have never been purchased and will
never be suitable for homesteads.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
this amendment will be entertained.
Mr. HAWLEY. I object to any further
amendments.
T11i^r\ COBURN. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Hawley] will not object to these
amendments. They ought to be allowed, that
the bill may as far as possible be perfected.
Mr. CONGER. I ask that my amendment
, read at the Clerk's desk. I think that when
it is understood it will not be objected to.
