378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
Deton, praying to be allowed n pcn.--ion ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions
He also presented tlio petition of Elizabeth
McNorton, praying to be allowed a pension :
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He aho presented the petition of TI. La
Bounty, praying to be allowed a pension:
which was refened lo the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented the petition of Gilbert
Chamberlain, piling to bj. allowed a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of' Lucy Ren-
ell, praying to be allowed a pension: which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of Alva 8. Mc
Clallen and forty seven others, soldiers in the
late war, praying the passage of an act grunt-
ing to soldiers, sailors, and marines who served
in the late war prior to September 23, 18(53, or
to their heirs, a bounty of $100 and one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, and equalizing
the payment of bounties; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Andrew J.
Myers and others, praying an amendment to
the pension laws extending the time within
which additional applications may be made
for drawing pension arrearages; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented tlis petition of Lawrence
Potter and others, praying an amendment to
the pension laws for the extension of the time
within which to apply for pensions; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CAMERON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Kellersburg. Armstrong county, Penn-
sylvania, praying the passageofan aetgranting
to soldiers, sailors, and inatines who served in
the late war prior to September 23, 18G3, or to
their heirs, a bounty o( S100 and one hundred
and sixty acres of land, and causing equaliza
tion in the payment of bounties; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. LOGAN presented petitions of ci izens
of Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Iowa, una Michigan,
for the reduction of the tariff to a revenue
basis and the repeal of the duties on salt, coal,
and pig iron; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of B.
F. Rittenhouse, praying compensation for extra
services in preparing the estimates of appro-
priations from 1849 to 1863; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the memorial of Dr. J.
J. Burtis, of Davenport, Iowa, praying com-
pensation for injuries done to his hotel and
property by the Government, or that the same
may be purchased for Government purposes;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. RICE presented the petition of William
B. Carter, of White county, Arkansas, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities ;
which was referred to the select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of the
Board of Trade of Charleston, Souih Carolina,
for the refunding of the tax paid on cotton
during the years 1806, 1867, and 1808; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of John F.
Kern, of South Carolina, praying indemnifica-
tion for loss of property by French spoliations
prior to the year 1801; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CORBETT. I am requested by a lady
to whom several protests have been sent, to
present the protest or remonstrance of some
eight hundred and fifiy-two women of the
States of Ohio, Iowa, and Oregon, against
the extension of suffrage to women. These
ladies embrace some of the most influential
in the country, Mrs. P. B. Ewing, of Ohio,
heading the petition from that State; Mrs.
Senator Wright, wife of our distinguished
collr-ague, heading the list from Iowa ; and
these Indict, not insensible to the best interests
of their sex, protest, earnestly against, the
extension of suffrage to women. I move that
this remonstrance be referred to the Comrnit-
teeon the JudicUiy.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN presented apetition of mer-
chants and ship-owners, asking that a light-
house be built at the entrance" of Chailotie
Harbor, near Punta Rosa, on the west s'de of
the peninsula of Florida; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of S. W.
Mill, of North Carolina, praying the removal
of his political disabilities: which wa« referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Martha
Ann lloyt, of North Carolina, praying indem-
nity for losses sustained by Fi ench spoliations ;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
He also presented the petition of the heirs
and legal representatives of the late Joseph
Wheaton, praying for the pay stipulated by
the Government, to those officers who served
to. the end of the revolutionary war; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying for the speedy pas-
sage of the supplementary civil lights bill;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SCOTT. I also present the petition of
a number of citizens of Alleghany county,
Pennsylvania, who are interested in transport-
ation on the Ohio river. They state that
under the act of July 14, 1862, allowing the
construction of bridges across the Ohio river
with channel-spans of only three hundred feet
in width, the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company, in 1869, commenced the construc-
tion of their bridge at Parkersburg at a point
where the water-way was so narrow that the
bridge contemplated would be fatally disastrous
to the river commerce, owing to the abrupt
bend and strong winding currents existing at
that point; that owing to this improvident
legislation allowing the location of the bridge
at this point, these citizens, for the purpose of
averting this disaster to their interests that
would have ensued, contributed a sum of
money, amounting to $30,000, to secure an
additional passage-way under that bridge.
They now state that this sum was contributed
in the faith that a just Government would re-
imburse its citizens the cost of saving them-
selves from the injurious consequences of its
own mistake, and they pray that it be reim-
bursed, in the sums contiibuted, to the persons
whose names are given. I move that this peti-
tion be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of D.
J. Moore, of Alabama, praying the removal of
bis political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee on* the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of
citizens of Ohio, praying for the passage of
the supplementary civil rights bill; which was
ordei'ed to lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented a petition of
Jane T. Simpson, of Virginia, heir, and for
the co-heirs of Edward Durant, deceased, pray-
ing indemnity for losses sustained by French
spoliations; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented the petition of Francis
and Sarah Armistead. of Matthews county,
Virginia, heirs of William Respass, praying
indemnity for losses sustained by French spolia-
tions ; which was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of a large
number of colored citizens of Virginia, pray-
ing for the passage of the supplementary civil
rights bill; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. HILL presented a petition of citizens
of Georgia, praying that the du'y on salt, be
abolished; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of William
B. Kiddoo. of Georgia, praying for the re-
moval of his political disabilities ; which was
lef'erred to the select Committee on the Re-
moval of Political Disabilities
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I present a
memorial of citizens of Connecticut, stating
that, as the Governments of the United S ates
and of Great, Britain have adopted certain
fundamental principles of international justice
and cqui y; which they vciy much approve,
tl^ev request Congress to exercise i'S legitimate
functions to induce all the other great Powers
to adopt, similar principles. I move that this
memorial be reterred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
'J he motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON presented a petition of
citizins of Canollton, Carroll county. Ken
tucky, asking that additional bounties and land
may be gtanted to soldiers who served in the
late war; which was referred to the Committee
on Milttaiy Affairs.
Mr. W1NDOM presented a petition of citi-
zens ot Minnesota, praying a modification of
the law regulating the sale of stamped envel-
opes by the Government; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. THURMAN presented the petition of
Samuel Rothacker and twenty-three other
soldiers, of Richmond, Jefferson county, Ohio,
praying for equalization of bounty and for
bounty land ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
He also presented a petition of Jacob Shen-
kel and nineteen other soldiers, of East Liv-
erpool, Columbiana county. Ohio, praying for
equalization of bounty and bounty land ; which
was referred to the Committee on Militaiy
Affairs.
Mr. COLE. I present the petition of Mae-
onchay & Co., and Patrott & Co., and others,
very influential firms and business men of San
Francisco, asking for a reduction of the duty
on rice. 1 move its reference to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I have also a similar petition
signed by a very large number of the Chinese
firms of that city, some fifty or sixty of them.
The petition gives the particular number and
the street iu which they are doing business,
and is a bona fide petition. They set forth
the increase of the importation of that product
within the last few years, ,and the further fact
that the tariff upon rice amounts to from one
hundred to one hundred and fifty per cent.
They do not ask for an entire abolition of the
duty upon this article, but simply a reduction ;
and as it is an article of such common use
among the poor and laboring people of the
country, I can see no reason in the world why
this duty should not be reduced. Indeed, I do
not see for myself any good reason why the
duty -upon rice should not be entirely taken
off. I move the reference of the petition to
the Committee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairdesires
to state, that this may not be considered as a
precedent, that by the usage of the Senate,
repieatedly affirmed, it has been decided that
petitions from foreigners cannot be received,
except through the State Department, the only
medium by which we communicate with for-
eigners. The Senator has stated that this is a
petition from Chinese firms. The Chair makes
no objection, but he simply makes this state-
ment, so that this shall not be considered a
precedent.
Mr. COLE. I understood that that rule
