32f>
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 1,
Senate.
Naval Appropriations—Mr. Casserly.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
causes must be a class "not provided by the
original contract." The law covers both
classes of causes explicitly. It provides an
allowance for the additional losses incurred
by ihe contractor under either or both; and
directs an inquiry and report by the Secretary
of the Navy accordingly. No earthly reason
has been given, and none can be given, why
the contractors should be relieved from loss
by the delays of the Government, and not from
loss by the alterations made by the Govern-
ment.
These are the controlling provisions of the
bill, and the rest of the body of the bill is in
tiecurd with theo. The Secretary of the Navy
is directed to inquire and report to Congress
a statement in a tabulated form of each case,
"which," in the words of the act, "shall
con'ain the name of the contractor, a descrip-
tion of the work, the contract price, the whole
increased cost of the work over the contract
price, and the amount of such increased cost
caused by the delay and action of the Govern-
ment as aforesaid." "The delay and action "
are words which sum up in the shortest form
the previous provisions of the bill. " Delay "
means "delays in the prosecution of the work
occasioned by the Government." " Action"
means the other action of the Government
which caused loss to the contractor ; that is
to say, as defined in the previous controlling
word-? of the act " changes or alterations in
the plans and specifications required by the
Goverameat."
Those were the two classes of losses con-
templated by che act, and with which Con-
gn S3 mtant to deal and did deal; and into
■which the Secretary had to inquire and report.
Much nas uteo said as to what the members
of ihe bo;ira constituted by the Secretary to
act for ti'rn have stated, under oath and
ouserftise as to how they understood the law
of Oongre-s. This is all very idle. The Sen-
ator fiora New York, [Mr. Conklixg,] who
is far too gooda lawjer to lay the stress which
lias been Uid upon these statements, whether
under oiu.-'. or without oath, puts the stress
of his ar.; :men; upon the proviso to the act.
"Wh.it is tie proviso? It is in these precise
svoi''!1-:
" j V'j;■ the Secretary of the Navy under
t'-u5 it'foiutH.r. a"i :i! investigate the claim of W. H.
1 >r tvr.bL-'acting the steamer Dunderberg,
uie ...r -'.>iuns of ibis resolution in such
i.ivi'vus.iiioT -xcept that proper consideration ehall
be givxn to tilt liic-reas; d cost incurred bysaid Webb
by i f ;ii v iteration in the plans and specific-
ation;* iortho Dunieroerg made during the pro-
srtsrf > ! tie vroi.i, whether such alterations were
jii-o\idcd i n in c:ie original contract or not, when
j'ayint'iit J", c .hi sj jie was not embraced in the con-
tract price.'5
As 1 H!'d'-r=/<-od the Senator from New York
he contended that this proviso, if it did not
lima the p.-eaeditig part of the act, gave it a
constrii -tio'. tvs are bound to follow. I agree
to this if the proviso deals with the same facts
substantially as those dealt with by the preced-
5 g part ot the uill In that case any change
in ihe language of the proviso would either by
negation or by affirmation furnish a binding
construe i for th~ preceding part of ihe act.
But, the eusi i< exactly otherwise. The pro-
T150 er!ab'e3 Webb to set up a claim of a pecu-
li ir cits - lb- himself. It gives him a special
advance. Evidently he did not want to come
in with the o'fiei' contractors under the general
provisions of tuo act The reason was that
they were limited to relief for alterations from
the original ph.ns to such alterations as were
not provided for in the pians. Webb, how-
ev. r, got a proviso which gave him a great
adv.'t!ii,.g'i in his settlement. It allowed him
to claim aguinst the Government for altera-
iioni in the j.iaiis whe her they were provided
foi in i. leui'ginalcoirractornot. That was his
case a- c -v.-ied by ihe proviso; and it was a
very d.fferciit case from the case of the other
contractors covered by the remainder of the
act. With respect to the class of losses by
delays of the Government Webb stood on the
same ground with the rest.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will be
good enough, what does he say precisely was his
advantage? I was diverted at the moment,
although trying to listen.
Mr. CASSERLY. I will state "Webb's ad-
vantage again. The other contractors were
limited so far a3 respected claims for altera-
tions, to such alterations as were not pro-
vided for by the contract. Mr. Webb was
allowed to claim for alterations whether they
were provided for in the original contract or
not. In other words, he got a much better
settlement than the other contractors, so far as
alterations in the plans were concerned.
More than that. The proviso expressly .applies
the provisions of the act to Webb's claim ex-
cept as to loss caused to him by "alterations."
Now, unless "alterations" formed one dis-
tinct class of loss and " delays" another,
what was there for "the provisions of the
act" to "apply" to in Webb's case? Man-
ifestly, nothing whatever. As to "altera-
tions," the proviso disposes of them in Webb's
case by giving a larger relief than is given to
the other contractors. As to "delays," it
"applies" to him the general provisions of
the act, leaving him to stand on the same
ground with the other contractors. Thus, by
inevitable implication, the proviso recognizes
two distinct classes of claims, one for " altera-
tions," the other for "delays."
The result of the whole is that I do not agree
with the Senator from New York in the force
which he has given to the proviso in the con-
struction of the law. So far from aiding his
construction, it aids mine.
That, then, was the state of the law under
which the Secretary of the Navy had to act.
He had to ascertain the amount due to all the
contractors except Webb, caused by changes
in the plans and by delays of the Government
not provided for by the'origiaal contracts. The
board appointed by him had, of course, no more
power than he. Their duty was the same—to
ascertain the amount of bofch classes of claims,
and report.
Having such powers and such duties the
board met, heard the proofs and made its
report, which was adopted by the Secretary
and transmitted to Cougress. Much stress is
laid by a few Senators, including a lawyer or
two, upon what members of the board are
eaid to have said after their work was done
and their report delivered and filed—as to
how they understood the law and what proofs
they received and what excluded. I know
of no ground for receiving such statements.
Laymen mayknoworaffectto know some; law-
yers cannot. No intelligent man, layman or
lawyer, can say that the board appointed by
the Secretary had the least power to add to or
diminish either their legal capacity and duty
under the law or the effect of their award
when it was once made and submitted to
Congress: still less, after Congress had acted
on it and closed up the whole matter, as will
be presently shown.
To my mind this is all so clear that I really
cannot understand how the members of the
board can set up such a claim as is ascribed
to them ; still less can I see how any one else
can attempt to excuse them.
I repeat, the statements of the members of
the board are idle wind, unworthy of notice.
But as a matter of fact, i find upon examining
the report, that it does contemplate and deal
with both classes of losses as well those caused
by delay as those caused by the alterations
made by the Government. Both classes are
•expressly included in the report. I find at the
top of the fifth column of the report these
words:
" Amount of such increased cost caused by the
delay and action of the Government, as determined
by the board to be due."
"The delay and action of the Govern-
ment." What is the meaning of these words?
They are found in the act of 18G7, where,
describing the report to be filed, it requires
it to show—
" The increased oost to the contractor caused by
the delay and action of the Government as afore-
said."
This refers, of course, to the full statement
of the two classes of loss in the preceding
part of the act—by " delays" of the Govern-
ment, or by the "action" of the Govern-
ment in altering the plans.
Mr. CRAGIN. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. CRAGIN. They interpreted the words
delay" and "action" to mean about the
same thing. They allowed for the increased
cost of labor occasioned by the delay of the
Government, that is, the delay in furnishing
plans and specifications, and also the delay
caused by the action of the Government where
the Government ordered some change which
delayed them in the ultimate completion, but
did not include anything for extra material
furnished or labor in making those alterations.
Mr. CASSERLY. No, sir; that cannot be
a correct view; not even a plausible view.
Mr. CRAGIN. That was the view the board
took of it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I beg to differ from the
Senator from New Hampshire. 1 will not
argue with the Senator as to what the board
thought of the law for two reasons: one is
their own report, which is clear enough the
other way; the other is the law, which is too
explicit to be mistaken by a rational being
acting under it. No rational being would
have supposed " delay and action " to mean
the same thing, as the Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Cragin] tells us. "Delay"
is not "action." It is non-action.
Let me say it once more. The act of 1867
specifies the relief to be given the contract-
ors and what the Secretary was to ascer-
tain. The two things were one and the same.
They were the cost to the contractors by the
alterations in the plans and bythedelays of the
Government. One was loss by the Government
"action," the other by its "delay." That is
all there is of it. There is no room for doubt
or mistake in the matter. Neither, sir, will
it do to say that the board or anybody else
ever supposed, as the Senator from New
Hampshire tells us, that nothing was to be
allowed for extra labor or material iu making
alterations. Why, sir, the act plaiuly enough
refers to "the price of labor or material" as
one element in ascertaining the cost to the
contractor; but it says that no advance in
price shall be allowed for unless it occurred
during ths longer time in the completion of
the work added by the delay caused hy ihe Gov-
ernment, whether in doing the work according
to contract or in making the alterations. It
is an absurdity too gross for any thiee sane
men to say that "extra labor and matoriaU"
were not to be allowed. The statute expressly
provides for "additional cost from abera-
tions." What could cau?e such "additional
cost" unless extra labor and materials, as I
have just read ? It even allows for them at
advanced rates when the advance was charge-
able to the course of the Government.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, will the Senator
allow me a moment?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. One of his suggestions
was, although he disclaimed referring" to what
the board decided, that the report ot the board
shows that the board itself deemed vaiiations
from the contract a proper ground of damage
to be allowed by them. I beg to inquire of
