1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1275
though he be opposed to the principle of the
granting of public lands to railroad companies,
because itstandsupon grounds altogether pecu-
liar, and is entirely defensible upon its own
merits. It is clearly exceptional, and as such
I urge its passage.
But, sir, I desire to say further, (and this, I
submit, ought to control this whole subject,)
that in reality this is a controversy not between
the Government and the railroad company ;
it is in point of fact a controversy between the
friends of this improvement and the parties in
control of the Northern Pacific railroad ; be-
cause I undertake to say that if this grant be
not extended these lands are not to be put into
the market; they are not to be subject to entry
but they are to be seized by that great corpor-
ation, under the provisions of its charter, be-
cause that corporation has the right under its
charter to run its road across the northern por-
tion of our State, and make selections of laud
within the limit of eighty miles. And that
corporation will take the great bulk of these
lands which it is proposed to give to this com-
pany to secure the construction of the partic-
ular line of railroad which our people want.
It is a line which will give us a north and south
connection, a line which gives the northern and
northwestern portions of the State a connection
with the southern and southeastern portions of
the State, with Madison, Milwaukee, and Chi-
cago, and with the markets of the East. It also
opens up connections with Lake Superior. That
is the road our people want; that is the road for
which they have memorialized Congress. We
have no special interest in the construction of
the Northern Pacific railroad across the north-
ern limits of our State, in the direction that
road will take. That is not a road that will
benefit our people to any very considerable
extent.
Mr. BANKS. What is the evidence that
this land will go to the Northern Pacific rail-
road if this bill is not passed?
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. The evi-
dence is that the Northern Pacific railroad has
a right to locate its line in this direction ; and
furthermore, that the parties in control of that
great corporation have already indicated their
purpose to take possession of this identical
land and hold it for their own use.
Mr. KERR. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question right here.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. Certainly.
Mr. KERR. I want to know if the gentle-
man desires the House to understand that
under any circumstances the Northern Pacific
road can take the land that this company wants?
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. Perhaps
not all.
Mr. KERR. How much of it?
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. The larger
portion of it, and other lands in addition.
Mr. RUSK. I will answer that question if
my colleague [Mr. Hazkltox] will allow me.
The Northern Pacific railroad will take two
hundred thousand acres more than there is in
this grant.
Mr. KERR. That is not the question.
Will that company take all of this land which
this company will take under this grant?
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. Perhaps
not all of this identical land, but they will !
take more than one half of this identical land,
and will have the right to take in addition
more in the aggregate than the total amount
of this grant; so that really the Government
will be a loser if this bill shall not pass.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Has not
the Northern Pacific railroad had that right
for three years?
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. No, be-
cause this land has not been subject to entry
during that time. It has been reserved.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man this question : if the Northern Pacific
road takes this land, will not that simply pre-
vent that road from taking so much public
land in some other place?
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. We insist
they shall not have this. There is this other
provision of this bill which ought to be borne
in mind, a provision which is not in the charter
of the Northern Pacific railroad at all. It is
a provision which gives actual settlers the
right to go upon the agricultural lands of this
grant and enter them at $2 50 an acre. If
this bill does not pass, and these lands shall
go under the control of the Northern Pacific
railroad, then the people of the country will
lose the advantage of that beneficent provision
of law. For these reasons, hastily stated, I
say this bill presents clearly an exceptional
case; it is a bill that stands upon its own
merits, and ought to pass, and I hope will
pass.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to have a letter read.
Mr. POTTER. Before the gentleman has
that letter read, I desire to ask him a ques-
tion.
Mr. RUSK. I will hear it.
Mr. POTTER. I understand the colleague
of the gentleman to say that if this grant should
not be extended to this company the great
body of this land would be liable to go to the
Northern Pacific railroad. I desire to call
the attention of the gentleman in charge of
this bill to that statement for this reason : for
myself, in respect of land grants, as between
two railroad corporations, I am, upon general
principles, in cceteris paribus, against the
largest. And as between a railroad corpora-
tion and anybody else in respect of a land
grant, all other things being equal, I am against
the railroad corporation. Now, I want the gen-
tleman to state, as far as he can, what is the
correctness of the statement of his colleague,
because that will control my action on this
bill.
Mr. RUSK. I send to the Clerk's desk a
letter to be read, which will answer the ques-
tion of the gentleman.
The Clerk read as follows:
WASHINGTON, D. C., February 14, 1872.
Silt: I have the honor to return herewith the
letter of Hon. C. L. Mkkbiam, House of Repre-
sentatives, relative to the lands covered by the old
grant of the St. Croix and Lake Superior railroad,
in Wisconsin, and in reply to your request, have
the honor to report that the Northern Pacific rail-
road Company is granted such lands in odd sections
as may not be sold, reserved, or otherwise disposed
of, &c.t at the date of the definite location of the
line of road and a map thereof filed with the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office,
In Wisconsin said company have tiled a map des-
ignating the general route of their road, but nodeli-
nile location; therefore, should the grant of the
St. Croix and Superior rond be declared by Congress
as forfeited, and ttie land restored to the public do-
main, so much of said lands as shall not have been
disposed of when tho Northern Pacific company
shall file their map of definite location would, ia my
opinion, then pass within its grant.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WILLIS DRUMMOND,
Commissioner.
Hon. C. Delano, Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. RUSK. I now yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Eldkedge.]
Mr. ELDREDGE. I do not propose to
make a speech on the bill now before the
House ; but I wish to state some facts con-
nected with this grant. The original grant in
this case was made in 1856. It granted to the
State of Wisconsin for railroad purposes six
sections of land per mile for four hundred and
fifty miles. In 1864 an additional grant of
four sections more per mile was made, and
the time for the completion of the road was
extended. About two hundred miles of road
have been built upon one division of this rail-
road, and about twenty miles upon the other
division. It is a fact which no one denies that
the extended term allowed for the building of
the road has passed ; but it is also a fact that
the Northern Pacific railroad may cover with
its grant the precise lands which are here sought
by this bill to be given to the St. Croix road.
If the extension of the grant as proposed in
this bill be not allowed, then the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company will gobble up the
majority of all the lands which would other-
wise be included in the grant to the St. Croix
company.
The Northern Pacific railroad, as is gen-
erally well known to gentlemen here, has no
limitation upon the price at which it shall dis-
pose of its lands. On the other hand, under
this bill, the St. Croix company must sell all
the lands granted to it at a price not exceed-
ing $2 50 per acre, and to actual settlers only
in quantities of not more than one hundred
and sixty acres. All this is in the interest of
settlers, of persons who desire farms for actual
occupation and cultivation. It is some pro-
tection from the great Northern Pacific cor-
poration. It will prevent it from taking these
lands and holding thein at just such prices as
its interest or avarice may dictate.
Some gentlemen have asked the reason why
this road was not built within the time allowed
by previous acts. It will be recollected that
1856, when the original grant was made, and"
1864, when it was renewed, were very hard
times for building railroads; 1857 will bo
remembered as a period of great financial
embarrassment and difficulty. Then in 1861
the war came on. Everything seemed to con-
spire against the building of this road. Yet
the construction of the road has gone on. In
spite of all these difficulties its line has been
built from Madison to St. Croix, and twenty
miles bej-ond.
Mr. HOLMAN. Have not those twenty
miles been built within the last three years—
since the forfeiture of the grant ?
Mr. ELDREDGE. Yes, sir; I believe
they have been built since the time limited in
the acts for the construction of the road ex-
pired ; but they have been built in the antici-
pation and faith that Congress would do justice
to the State of Wisconsin. It has been believed
that there were some gentlemen here larger-
hearted and more inclined to do justice than
my good friend from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,]
and that tho Congress of the United States
would ultimately renew this grant so as to
authorize the completion of the road.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldredge] will give me
an opportunity to reply to that remark.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Thegentleman had fif-
teen minutes offered to him, and he declined
to take it.
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Yet if he wants any
minutes of my little time to reply to the
remarks I have made he shall have them.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not propose to dis-
cuss this subject under a limitation of fifteen
minutes. A grant worth $1,000,000 to the
American people is not, with my consent, to
be disposed of in this summary way, even in
the interest of a great railway corporation.
Mr. ELDREDGE. My friend from Indiana
stands here as a bull-dog to fight every pro-
ject, no matter, as I have sometimes thought,
whether for good or for evil. He conducts
the contest sometimes with a discretion which
I admire, and at other times it seems to me
with very great indiscretion ; and he has never
been very particular as to the quantity of time
which he would occupy. It seems to rue that
he could repeat one of his speeches against
land grants in fifteen or twenty minutes, and
make a very good impression on the House;
at all events, his usual impression. He could
certainly exhibit his usual zeal in opposition to
land grants and in the interest of the people.
But I wish to say a word or two more in
regard to this matter. The State of W iseonsin
has not received the same or as large a quan-
tity of lands for railroad purposes as has been
received by the States of Iowa and Minnesota.
Without the grant which this bill proposes to
consummate, Wisconsin's share will fall very
far short of the amount which has been given
to the States just named. This road passes
through a section of country which never would
be settled without a railroad. Indeed, much
of the State of Wisconsin would not have been
