1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBE.
2171
The Clerk read the amendment proposed by
Mr. Conger.
Mr. ilAWLEY. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. Sl'OUGHTON. I offer the following
substitute for the pending bill and amendments.
The Clerk read as follows:
That every private soldier_ and officer who has
served in the Army of the Unitftd States during the
recent rebellion for ninety days, and who was hon-
orably discharge.1. including the troops mustered
into the service of the United States by virtue of
the third section of an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for completing the defenses of Wash-
ington, and forotherpurposes," approved February
13,1862, and every seaman, marine, and officer or
other person who has served in the Navy of the
United States, or in the Marine corps, during the
rebellion, lor ninety days, and who was honorably
discharged, has remained loyal to the Government,
shall be entitled to enter and receive a certificate for
a quantity of public lands (notmineral) notexceed-
ing on« hundred and sixty acres, or one quarter sec-
tion, which shall be composed of contiguous tracts,
according to legal subdivisions, including the alter-
nate reserved sections of public lands along the line
of any railroad or other public work, or other lands
subject to entry under the homestead laws in the
United States, wherever public lands have been or
may bo granted by acts of Congress ; and that said
soldier, seaioun. marine, or officer, his heirs or as-
signs, shall be entitled to a patent for said land
upon complying with the provisions of an act enti-
tled "An act to secure homesteads upon the public
domain," except as provided in this act: Provided,
Ttiatsaid soldier, seaman, marine,or officer shall be
allowed twelve months after locating his homestead
withm which to commence his settlement and im-
provement: Andprovidad also, That the titnewhich
the soldier, seaman, marine, or officer shall have
served in the Army, Navy, or Marino corps
aloresaid, or if discharged on account of wounds
received, or disability incurred in the line of
duty, then the tenn of enlistment shall be deducted
from the time heretofore required to perfect title:
And provided further. That any soldier, seaman,
marine,or officer,as aforesaid, may asMgn hiscertifi-
aatc of entry within twelve months from the date
thereof to any citizen of the United States over
twenty-one years ol age, or person who has declared
his intention to become such, who has notpreviously
availed himself of the benefits of the homestead or
preemption laws, and said assignee shall succeed to
all the rights of the said soldier, seaman, marine, or
officer; and it may be lawful for such assignee to
become the purchaser of certificates to the amount
of not more than one section, or six hundred and
forty acres of laud, but the same shall be contiguous
and adjoining, and for the purpose of actual settle-
ment; but no such assignor of a certificate of entry
shall thereafter have the right to avail himselfof the
benefit of this actor the acts heretofore passed grant-
ing homesteads to actual settlers, nor shall such as-
signee have the nghtto acquire any other homestead
under said acts; provided, however, That no patent
shall issue tosaid soldier, seaman, marine, or officer,
or his assignee, who has not resided upon, improved,
and cultivated his said homestead tor a period of
at least one year: And provided further. That said
soldier, seaman, marine, or officer shall not be re-
quired to pay any Government fee.
Sec. 2. That any person entitled under the pro-
visions of the foregoing section to enter a home-
stead, who may have heretofore entered under the
homestead laws a quantity of land less than one
hundred ands'Xty acres, shall be permitted to enter
under the provisions of this act so much land as,
when added to the quantity previously entered,
shall not exceed one hundred and sixty acres.
Sec. 3. That in case of the death of any person
who would be entitled to a homestead under the
provisions of the first sietion of this act, his widow,
if unmarried, or in case of her death or marriage,
then his minor orphan children, shall be entitled to
all the benefits enumerated in this act: Provided,
That if such person died duiing his term of enlist-
ment, the whole term of his enlistment shall be
deducted from the time heretofore required to per-
fect the title.
Sec. 4. That every soldier, seaman, marine, and
officer who served in the Army or Navy lor the said
period of ninety days, and is now inscribed on the
pension-rolls of the United States, or may herealtcr
be inscribed on said rolls on account of wounds re-
ceived or disabilities incurred in the line of duty,
may, in lieu of the rights, privileges, and benefits
hereinbefore conferred, enter upon, by an agent or
attorney, and receive a patent for one quarter section
of land, as provided in section one of this act, and
shall be entitled to all the benefits of said first-sec-
tion, and liable to all the provisions thereof, except
as to the personal residence; and that all acts and
things required to be done by said homestead settler,
by said first section, may be done by said agent or
attorney: Provided, That no such agent or attorney
shall act as such for more than one person at the
same time. . .
Sec. 5. That all declarations and proofs required
under this act and the former acts granting home-
steads to actual settlers may be taken before the
judge or clerk of any couit of record in the United
States, or of any State or Territory, and, when duly
authenticated under the official seal of such court,
shall be of the same iorceand effect as if taken before
the register or receiver of the proper land office.
Seo. 8. That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office shall have authority to make all needful
rules and regulations to oarry into effect the provis-
ions of this not.
Mr. SHANKS. I movein section one, line
thirteen, after the word "laws," to insert the
words " and treaties."
There was no objection; and the amend-
ment was accordingly made.
Mr. SARGENT. I move the following
amendment to come in at the end of section
two.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That in all cases where preemption
filings or homestead entries have been or shall be
abandoned, or arefraudulent,fictitious, orotherwise
invalid, the same shall be treated as void ab initio,
and intervening adverse claims to such lands shall
attach in the same manner as if said filings or entries
had never been made.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to that amend-
ment coming in.
Mr. EA.VlES. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following amendment:
In section one, line thirteen, strike out the words
14 in limited quantities" and insert in place thereof
" or sale."
Mr. HAWLEY. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope my colleague will
consent to my submitting the following substi-
tute.
The Clerk read as follows:
That the provisions of an act entitled "An act
granting bounty land to certain officers and soldiers
who have been engaged in the military service of
the United States," approved September 28,1850, be,
and they are hereby, extended to the otficcrs, musi-
cians, and private soldiers, and seamen, who served
in the Army or Navy of tho United States between
the 12th day of April, 1861, and the 15th day of April,
1865, for a period not less than ninoty days, and
were honorably disenarged, or who were honorably
discharged after a less period of service on account
of wounds received in battle, and to the widows and
minor children, in the ordor named, of such of said
officers, musicians, soldiers, and seamen as may be
deceased.
Sec. 2. That no sale of any interest in such land
shall be valid until after the patent shall issue.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope we may be allowed
to have a vote on the substitute which has just
been read.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection?
Mr. HAWLEY. I should like to hear it
read again.
Mr. TAFFE. That, has been decided by the
Supreme Court.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope there will be no
objection to allowing a vote to be taken on the
substitute.
Mr. TAFFE. It has been already settled.
The substitute was again reported.
Mr. SARGENT. I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. Allow us to have a vote
on it.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not believe in ex-
tending the bounty policy at all.
The SPEAKER. It is next to impossible
to get a vole on all these amendments, in the
irregular manner in which they are now offered.
The amendments which have already been
offered and entertained are. perhaps of a con-
flicting character. The belter course would
be either to call the previous question on an
amendment to the amendment, and dispose of
them before taking up any others, or to have
the bill referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union for consid-
eration. As it is now it would be difficult to
tako the question on the various pending
amendments.
Mr. COBURN. I submit to the House
whether, after all the circumstances, it would
not be better to go into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on these im-
portant propositions.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why not let the bill
and pending amendments be recommitted to
the Committee on the Public Lands, so that
order may be brought out of this confusion?
Mr. COBURN. There is no difficulty about
the pending amendments. They do not con-
flict at all with each other; they can be voted
on rationally by the House; but perhaps under
the circumstances it would be better to go into
Committee of the Whole, and I now submit
that motion.
The SPEAKER. That would not be in
order to-day, because at half past one o'clock,
which has almost arrived, the bill in relation
to shipping commissioners comes before the
House as a special order.
Mr. COBURN. Then I will make that
motion to-morrow; and I will say now, in
relation to this bill, that the main difference
between the bill which passed the other day
and the bill offered now, with the substitute
of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Stough-
ton,] is that this bill gives the right of assign-
ment of the claim within one year.
Mr. TAFFE. In other words, it is a bounty
bill.
Mr. COBURN. It is not a bounty bill. It
does not allow the certificate to run more than
one year; and if not followed up by actual
settlement and occupation under the law, the
certificate amounts to nothing. A false im-
pression has been attempted to be created
throughout the. country that these certificates
would go floating around, year alter year, and
be in the market, and therefore valueless.
But in one year the assigned certificate has
to be followed up by settlement and occupa-
tion of the land.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question?
The SPEAKER. The hour of half past one
having arrived, the Chair desires the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Coburn] to indicate
his purpose in regard to the bill, so that the
House may know what to expect.
Mr. COBURN. I will move that the bill
be considered iu Committee of the Whole to-
morrow.
The SPEAKER,. That cannot be done,
to-morrow being private bill day.
Mr. COBURN. Then I will say next Tues-
day.
The SPEAKER. If the bill goes over now
without further action, it comes up again in
the morning hour of Tuesday.
Mr. COBURN. That is all I desire.
Mr. COGHLAN. I ask that the bill and
amendments be printed.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
Mr. TYNER. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Hawley] to withdraw his objec-
tion to admitting my amendment.
Mr. COBURN. I hope all the amend-
ments will be admitted.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to further
amendments being admitted. Whether pur-
posed or not, it is the policy of all these
amendments to kill the original bill.
Mr. SARGENT. And open up an unlim-
ited land-grabbing scheme.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would it be in
oider to move that the bill be recommitted to
the Committee on Public Lands?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman would
not have the right to make that motion, the
hour of half past one having arrived, when
other business becomes the special order.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 demand the regular
order.
postal contracts and straw bids.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads the evidence taken before
the committee in reference to postal contracts
and straw bids, and moved that the report be
printed, and that the testimony be laid upon
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I also ask permis-
sion that the minority of the committee on
this question have the opportunity at some
future time to preseut their views.
There was no objection; and it was SO
ordered.
