1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3067
ij.the further reading of the Journal be dis-
| pensed with.
| No objection was made ; and it was ordered
I- accordingly.
if. ' OllDER 01? BUSINESS.
I The SPEAKER pro tempore. By order of
& the House the session of to-day is for debate
I only in the House as in Committee of the
s; Whole, no business whatever to be transacted.
-.'.The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grif-
i fithJ is entitled to the floor.
f Mr. GRIFFITH. I will yield a portion of
r: my time to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Arthur.]
profligacy of the administration.
^ Mr. ARTHUR. " Paint me as I am," said
. Cromwell to the artist. " If you leave out the
scars anct wrinkles, I will not pay you a shil-
i ling." It matters but little in what school of
f political economy we have studied, sooner or
<■ later we are confronted with the stubborn fact
i that both Governments and men must practice
i'- economy or their freedom must perish. It is
i- indispensable. In a purely material sense, in
;* one form or another, it underlies every virtue
and achieves every success. There can be no
permanency without it. It is the paramount
; law of the material world around us. It pre-
i' serves the symmetry of the universe. Itmoves
alike the sun in his zenith and the ant on its
atom. It is essential to good government. It
is more obligatory in public than in private
: life. The private man deals with what is his;
: the public man with what is not his. He ex-
; ercises a trust, and a trust is more sacred than
: a right, because it is another's right in trust,
and is both a right and a trust.
The importance of this principle is increased
^ hy the magnitude of the wealth and resources
involved, and it rises with these until it is
; found to comprehend every question and per-
: vade every interest of both Government and
; people. Profligacy in government is little
■ and ignoble. Economy in government is great
' and noble. The former degrades the career
; of the public man who acts as though public
station was made for him, and the latter enno-
bles the career of the public man who strives
! always to realize that he was made for the
station. _
It is the coordinate grandeur and utility of
this great principle which makes the states-
man illustrious and the Government the glory
of the people. It is not only compatible with
every rational development, improvement, and
embellishment, but it is incompatible with
venality and parsimony, and is the munificent
patron, the judicious architect, and the provi-
dent conservator of all the former. It leaves
the values of the people to be controlled by the
people; it sternly retrenches revenue and ex-
penditures ; it keeps its hands out of the pock-
ets of the people, and leaves capital and pro-
duction to the industry, enterprise, and skill
of those who made, who own, and who can
best apply them. . .
Wherever it is wanting political morality is
wanting. The habitual waste of the public
wealth is fatal to political integrity. No official
can abuse his trust, or misapply the public
■ money, and preserve either his personal or
political integrity. The slightest lowering of
the standard of absolute official fidelity breaks
the enamel and continuity of the m°^al nature,
and general demoralization sets in. "1 he atmos-
phere around becomes infected. It spreads
through an administration like hot air through
a burning building. It confounds the good
with the bad; for if the former do not sink
under the contagion, they are girdled with it,
and cut off from thesympathy of the good. The
stains it leaves can never be effaced. They
blacken alike the genius and philosophy of a
Bacon, the courage and victory of a Marl-
borough. Past great services cannot efface
; them ; they stick all the closer, and glowering
there, remain forever a haunting evil to warn
and to repel. Station cannot honor, authority
cannot solace, patronage cannot redeem, nor
wealth cover up. Vitality is gone. Economy in
the public receipts and expenditures comes to
us with our political alphabet. It is the generic
virtue of our financial system. It is the New
Testament of our constitutional Messiah; it is
as eminently American as any of the peculiar
features of our system; it was alway revered
and practiced by our great Presidents and
statesmen. The slightest deviation from it
was sternly challenged and promptly recalled ;
and the States and Government grew apace.
It is to popular government what muscular
exercise is to the athlete. It develops and
preserves every resource and precludes every
vice.
Since governments were instituted among
men its exercise was never more necessary
than now. It is so upon many grounds. I
will now mention but two, either of which
is sufficiently significant. The great drama
of the last decade has advertised first, the
almost fabulous wealth, developed and unde-
veloped, of our soil and people ; and second,
the impotency of constitutional restraints and
the infinite gluttony of official plunder. If
the capacity of our people and the treasure of
our soil form the elements alone necessary in
the leading power of the habitable globe, shall
these great elements be diverted from the
righthful dominion of individuals and com-
munities to whom they belong, and be con-
sumed by countless hordes of personal para-
sites and official jackals who swell the ranks
of successful factions?
The demoralization in political life is such
that those creatures will be found more or
less in every successful camp. They are una-
dulterated mercenaries, and when the battle
goes against them, they will readily swap their
flag. But touch these cormorants with the
spear of retrenchment, and they are exorcised.
Cut down the revenue, reduce the expendi-
tures, stop the methodical, universal, and
measureless plunder of the amazing resources
of the country, and almost instantly two
changes will be inaugurated, political rogues
and officials of easy virtue will disappear, and
in their wonted place once more will stand
honest and capable men, faithful to liberty
and progress.
In our valleys and mountains, in our hills
and plains, girdled by rivers, lakes, and seas,
in our agriculture, manufactures, and com-
merce, are found all the noblest elements tor
enlightened administration and great public
economy.
The eye of the Federal statesman overlooks
the grandest dominion upon earth. Three mil-
lion five hundred thousand square miles of ter-
ritory, abounding with every constituent of
wealth and power, are spread out before him
from ocean to ocean in continental magnifi-
cence. Mountains, monumental proclamations
of slumbering mineral and metallic treasure
surmount it, festooned with purple foliage or
crowned with glittering gems of ice and snow.
Great rivers and lakes traverse it from sea to
sea. Every village is a port of entry; every
metropolis a maritime center.
The political organization of those natu-
ral elements looks back only a brief interval
beyond three quarters of a century ; _ and
yet the E'ederal statesmen of to-day legislate
upon a basis of accumulated wealth exceeding
$30,000,000,000, an external trade of which the
imports and exports alone exceed since 1866
$5,700,000,000, and in a single year, the fiscal
year ending in June, 1871, $1,183,000,000.
A Federal revenue exceeding in six years
the almost fabulous treasure of $6,240,000,000;
and in a single year, that ending with June,
1871, the sum of $980,90-1,349; an annual
popular production and earning of near seven
billions, and an annual increase in the value
of real and personal property of far more than
one thousand million dollars. With less than
fourteen souls to the square mile, a population
of forty million freemen, the flower of Europe,
Asia, and America, hurried forward in every
department of human mastery by a momentum
of brain and muscle, strengthened by exer-
tions, accelerated by obstacles, and omnipotent
everywhere.
Less than twenty-eight fleeting years only,
shut out the view from the looming summit of
the nineteenth century, when that forty million
people will number not less than one hundred
million, and that $30,000,000,000 treasure will,
it is estimated, number over $258,000,000,000,
and all the multitudinous elements of material
and political wealth and power will have been
extended in equal ratio, unless, in the mean-
time, political degeneracy and official turpi-
tude shall have fatally infected the seed of our
growth.
Like promontories and light-houses to the
mariner, the great outlines and natural re-
sources of public wealth lie exposed even to
the fugitive sight, but the latent forces, the
affinities, the relative capabilities and general
utilization of the latter require the bold eye
and circumspect vision of philosophic states-
manship. Under such guidance government
will be unerringly confined to its appropriate
sphere, which is that of an impartial con-
servator of the peace, while a free people,
stripped of superfluous public burdens, and
manfully girded for the field, steadily pursue
the race of development, accumulation, and
power.
That government is greatest which gov-
erns the least; then is it a perversion and a
curse when it alternately sneaks or plunges
into the place of the manager, or the owner,
and so enters the farm, the factory, the count-
ing room, the machine-shop, the ship, or the
mine, to advance what it inevitably retards, to
create what it inevitably destroys.
The wisest statesmanship is the greatest
economy of the popular resources ; the most
vicious statesmanship, their greatest abuse.
The former leaves with the people all but a
tithe, the latter takes from the people all but
a tithe. The one sees his own in his country's
wealth; the other sees his country's wealth in
his personal aggrandizement.
In a purely public sense, the reckless de-
parture of the Federal Administration from
the masculine republican simplicity of our
beginning and better progress is in itself
organic decay., The theory in practice with
the party in power is that receipts and expend-
itures should increase in like proportion with
increase in wealth and population. This would
be false economy in private atfairs, in private
life, and would be a vice in a private man.
It is downright corruption in public affairs,
in public life, and is criminal in a public man.
It is by no means every increase in num-
bers and treasure that authorizes increase of
revenue or excuses increase of expenditure.
Agovernment perfectly organized and equipped
in functions, forms, and officials, should, in the
main, adhere to the standard of public expend-
itures which had been sanctioned by three
quarters of a century of private felicity and
public glory.
The increase in public revenue and expend-
iture should keep pace, in no appreciable
sense, with the growth of wealth and population.
The. people ought not to be taxed in proportion
to what they may be able to pay, and the Gov-
ernment ought not to stretch its expenditures
to the shifting horizon of its possible exac-
tions. Details undoubtedly will multiply,
attended by incidental increase of expenditure.
This is expected, is inevitable; this, but no
more. The plain but vast edifice, its three
great coordinate departments, its eminent offi-
cials, and great arms of public service remain,
or should remain, monuments of republican ■
simplicity, sacred in the affections and salutary
to the morals of the people. A Government
like ours has praticatly a twofold character.
It is sensibly the servant, and insensibly the
educator of the people. It becomes a huge
seminary of vice when it exacts from the pro-
