1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
referred to those residing abroad. These are
persons doing business in our own country and
under our own laws.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not make the objection, if there be noobjec-%
tion the petition will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. COLE. I should like to have a ruling
on that question.
Mr. POMBROY. We have generally ob-
jected to receiving petitions from foreigners;
but how do we know that these persons are not
citizens?
Mr. COLE. We do not know that they are
not. They are Chinese doing business in this
country.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will inquire if the
petition represents them as foreigners?
Mr. COLE. No, sir, it does not. It rep-
resents them as Chinese merchants.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If they are persons re-
siding in the country, and nothing is said about
citizenship, I think it should be received.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair spoke
on the statement made by the Senator from
California, that they were Chinese firms, and
it is well understood that such persons are not
citizens of the United States. The Chair sim-
ply made this statement to avoid this being
made a precedent in future Congresses. This
petition, however, does not say anything about
Chinese firms. The language is, "your peti-
tioners, importers and merchants engaged in
the East India and China trade, and other
residents of the Pacific coast."
Mr. COLE. The signatures are in the Chi-
nese chirography, and of course caifnotbe mis-
taken for any other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There are some
American signatures to the petition, but most
of them are Chinese.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think that is
within the rule we have established. I do not
see any objection to the reception of the peti-
tion myself.
Mr. SUMNER. I submit that a petition
from a resident of our own country ought to
be received, and it cannot come within thestrin
gency of f he rule that has been adopted against
petitions from foreigners residing abroad.
Mr. SCOTT. A question of tnis character
has generally arisen when petitions have been
presented claiming personal or private rights.
That the question may be made, as this peti-
tion is presented by those who are known to
be foreigners praying for a modification in our
revenue laws, I make the objection that it
ought not to be received.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that the rulings, so far as his recollection
goes, as he examined this subject at some con-
siderable length sometime since, refer tu those
who are subjects of foreign Powers; but Mi.
Webster, Mr. Calhoun, and others who par-
ticipated in the elaborate debate in the Senate
on the subject when the rule was settled, did
make the distinction already suggested, that,
persons, denizens of^ this country, though
owing allegiance to a foreign Government, did
have the i ight to petition in regard to then-
own personal privileges, as to whether ^they
were suffering outrages and wrongs. that
matter (ame up in the debate. 1 here was no
ruling on that point; but the ruling was that
those citizens of a foreign country owing alle-
giance to a foreign Government, il they make
a claim as a matter of right, must approach
the United State3 through the State Depart-
ment. But this petition does embiace Amer-
ican signatures ; and, if no objection is made,
it will be received and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. SCOTT. So far as the petition of
American citizens is concerned 1 make no
objection ; but I did distinctly make the objec-
tion to receiving the petition of foreigners
asking legislation affecting our general reve-
nue laws.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
objects to the reception of the petition now,
the facts having been disclosed that there are
citizens of the United States embraced among
the petitioners, and it so states in the heading,
" other citizens of the United States," besides
those engaged in this trade, then the Chair
will submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. COLE. There is a preliminary ques-
tion to that. It does not appear that they
are not citizeils. It merely appears that they
signed the petition in Chinese characters, and
it may be that some of them are native born
citizens of the United States, who have grown
up to be twenty one years of age or over, and
there is no way in which you can determine
from the petition itself whether some of the
signers, at all events, are not citizens of the
United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was only the
remark of the Senator from California, that
the signers were Chinese merchants, which
fell upon the ear of the Presiding Officer, and
lest in some future years his passing it over
might be regarded as a precedent he simply
stated the ease, and it is tor the Senate to de-
cide. The Senator from Pennsylvania objects
to the reception of the petition, as the Chair
understands, and the question will be for the
Senate to decide whether they will receive
and refer this petition.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to ask the Senator
from California whether there are any China-
.men in that State who have been there long
enough to be native-born citizens of the United
States, twenty-one years of age, of Chinese
parentage?
Mr. COLE. I cannot answer that question.
I know of no individual of that kind, but yet
it is possible that such is the case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
California allow me to inquire whether it
makes any difference whether a person is
twenty-one years of age or not as to his right,
to petition?
Mr. COLE. I do not suppose it does make
any difference whatever, but some of the sign-
ers of this petition may be minors who were
born in the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to mo that the
Chair has stated the distinction very propeily.
A resident of this country who has property
rights, who buys and sells the produce of this
country and of foreign countries, ought to
have a right to petition Congress This peti-
tion, as I saw before it was sent up to the
desk, asks us to abate the duty on rice, which
is largely consumed' by these people and is the
production of a foreign country. 1 do not st-e
any objection at all to allowing a Chinaman to
ask us to reduce the dn'y on lice. I hope,
therefore, tliii petition will be leceived and
sent in the usual way to the Committee on
Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator f, om
Pennsylvania objee'ingto the reception of this
petition in consequence of the facts which have
been disclosed in this debate, the question is,
Will the Senate receive it?
Mr. SCOT I'. I am animated by no cap'ious-
m;<s ill making this objection ; but I really
think that the distinction which I have stated
ought to be preserved; that is, that where for-
eigners collin here, make this country their
residence fir the purposes of trade, and de-
sire tu bring before the legislative bodies of
the country questions affecting simply their
personal rights, we ought perhaps to receive
them, because wc extend the protection of
our laws to them; but when they come lieie,
and before they become citizens claim the
right to come before the legislative bodies of
the country and by their opinions or their atgu-
mentsto influence its general legislation, I do
not think that any courtesv or comity requires
that we extend that privilege to them. _ We
might for the same reason receive the petition
of a ship-load of immigrants, the next day
after their arrival here, to abridge the term of
naturalization, and so we might receive peti-
tions upon all features which foreigners might
think wrong in our general legislation. In
consequence of the names of Americans and
Chinese being mingled, I have no desire to
shut out this petition or anything that it con-
tains ; but I do desire that this precedent shall
not be set.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, it seems
to me that this question reaches to a great
extent. It is a question whether petitions
from persons trading in this country, being
branch establishments from foreign countries,
from England, from France, from Germany,
represented in New York, shouldhave a bear-
ing upon our legislation. Tt seems to me that
it would lie. for their interest to reduce the
duties that we impose upon foreign articles,
and therefore their petitions should not be
regarded. So far as the names of American
citizcns are embraced in this petition, I think
that portion of it should be referred to the
Committee on Finance without regard to the
signatures of foreign citizens.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky. Mr. President,
I am very much gratified always to see my
friends in my house and to extend to them my
hospitality; but when they come there I do
not permit them to interfere in the manage-
ment of my affairs.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, it seems to me that we are straining at
a gnat and swallowing a camel. Here have
been for years foreigners located in New York
solely for puiposesof trade ; and they have con-
tributed their means to send out written or
printed petitions to be circulated all over the
country, sometimes signing them themselves,
and sometimes not. Wo never refuse to re-
ceive such petitions ; and yet here we have a
few. laborei s from China that come here to stay,
we know not how long, and they present their
petitions, and it is proposed to reject them. I
think we should treat their petitions as faiily
| as petitions of any other class of people who
I are residents of our countrv.
S Tin' VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
; Will the Senate receive this petition?
1 The question being put, it was determined
j in the afiiimaiive.
j The petition being received, if was, on
I motion of Air. Colh, referred to the Commit-
I tee on Finance.
j 110USH I'.It.I.S KUKUlttiED.
; The following bills fiom the House of Rep-
; rcentatives iveie read twice by their titles, and
inferred to the Committee on Penhious:
j A bill (II. R. No. l!G8) granting a pension to
Rosanna Quinn;
I A bill (H. R. No. 892) grantingapension to
Margaret Lee:
; A bill (11. R. No. 89">) granting a pension to
Elizabeth ICrnyon ;
Abill (II. It. No. 804) granting a pension to
Joseph Montgomery; and
A bill (li. It. No. 895) granting a pension to
Hannah Gray.
The bill (H. R. No. 208) for the re'ief of
the principal and sureties to the official bond
of Green W. Caldwill, late superintendent of
the branch mint at Charlotte, North Carolina,
was read twice by its title, and u-ferred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
'1 he following bills were read twice by their
titles, and refenod to the Committee on Pat-
ents :
The bill (II. R. No. 89G) to enable William
Sellers and Colmati Sellers to make applica-
tion to the Commissioner of Patents tor the
extension of letters-patent for an improvement
in coupling for shafnng ; and
The bill (H. U. No. 807) for the relief of
Ira Buekman, jr.
The bill (IL R. No. 898) for the relief of
Jacob Weart, collector of internal revenue
fifth district, of New Jersev, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 106) to amend au act
