1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3963
hereby authorized to order and require such changes
of or additions to distilling apparatus, connecting
pipes, pumps, or cisterns, or any machinery con-
nected with or used in or on the distillery premises,
or may require to be put on any of the stills, tubs,
cisterns* pipes, or other vessels, such fastenings,
locks, or seals, as he may deem necessary.
So as to make the clause read:
That scction three be amended by striking out all
after the exacting clause and inserting in lieu thereof
the following words: "that the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue is hereby authorized to order and
require such changes of or additions to distilling
apparatus, connecting pipes, pumps, or cisterns, or
any machinery connected with or used in or on the
distillery premises, or may require to be put on any
of tno stills, tubs, cisterns, pipes, or other vessels,
such fastenings, locks, or seals, as he may deem
necessary."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LOGAN. I should like 1fo ask the
chairman of the committee whether, after strik-
ing out the first two lines in reference to meters
and meter-safes, and then inserting this para-
graph of the committee in reference to changes
of or additions to distillery apparatus, that will
embrace meters and meter-safes?
Mr. SHERMAN. There are two para-
graphs in section three of the act of 1868 ;
one relates to meters and meter-safes, and the
other relates to the other machinery of a
distillery.
Mr. LOGAN. The paragraph inserted by
the Senate, then, does not embrace meters and
meter safes?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; it is the lan-
guage of the old law.
Mr. LOGAN. My object in asking was to
know certainly, because I am very sure that
ptriking out these meter-safes is a very correct
thing to do.
Mr. SHI3RMAN. That has been done, but
we have reenactcd the old section in order to
prevent an ambiguity that arose.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well.
The next amended was after line thirty-six,
in the isame section, to strike out the follow-
ing:
That scction four ho amended by striking out the
words "less than $500 nor," and the words "less
th.'in six months nor."
That section five bo amended bv striking out the
words "set up" the first, second, and last times
they occur; also the words "Jess than $100 nor"
and " less than one month nor."
That scction six be amended by striking out the
words "less than $100 nor," and. "less than six
months nor/'
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line forty-nine, to strike out the words
"also the words 'less than $500 nor,'" and
4 not less than six months nor;'" so as to
ronke the clause read :
That scction seven bo amended by striking out
the words " but in no case shall such bond be made
for a less sum than So,000/'*
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line fifty six, to strike out the word "the,"
and insert " an " before " assistant," and after
"assistant" to strike out 14 assessor ;" so as
to read :
That section ten be amended by striking out all
after tb<* onncting clause, and inserting in lieu
thereot the following, to wit: "thaton the receipt
ot notice that any person wishes to commence the
business of distilling, the assessor shall proceed, at
the expense of the United States, with the aid of an
assistant designated tor the purpose by the Commis-
sioner of Inteinnl Revenue, to make a survey of
such distillery for the purpose of estimating and
determining its true spirit-producing capacity for a
day ot twenty-four hours, a written report of which
survey Miaii be made in triplicate, one copy of
which shall be delivered to the distiller, and shall
takoeflecton and after the date of such delivery,
one cop> retained by the assessor, pnd the other
transmitted to the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, after line ninety-one, to insert "that
section thirteen is hereby repealed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line ninety-five, after the word "paid,"
to strike out the words :
And adding to the section the words: "Provided,
That any distiller may provide himself with a place
on his distillery premises where tax-paid spirits of
his own manufacture may be deposited until sold or
shipped."
So that the clause will read;
That section fifteen be amended byinserting after
the word u manufactured," the words " until the
tax thereon shall have been paid."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line one hundred and eight, to insert the
word "up" after "keep;" so that the clause
will read:
That section eighteen of the act be amended by
striking out the words "not having paid the special
tax," and inserting in lieu thereof the words " other
than a rectifier or wholesale liquor-dealer who has
paid the special tax, or a distiller who has given the
bond," and inserting after the words " who shall put
up " the words " or keep up."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and ten of the same section, to insert the
word " and " between the words " eleventh "
and "twenty-first;" and in line one hundred
and sixteen, after the word "occurs" to strike
out also the words "less than $500 nor" and
" less than six months nor;" so that the clause
will read;
That section nineteen be amended by striking out
the words " eleventh" and *' twenty-first," and " if
any false entry shall be made in either of said books,
or any entry required to be made therein shall be
omitted therefrom, for every such false entry made,
or omission, the distiller shall forfeit and pay a
penalty of $1,000," and the word " such " before the
words "false entry" thelirsttime it occurs.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and twenty-one of the same section, be-
fore the word ''provided" to insert "by add-
ing the following;" and in line one hundred
and twenty-four to strike out the word "such "
before the word "rules;" so that the clause
will read:
That section twenty-two bo amended by striking
out the words, "having paid the special tax," and
inserting in lieu thereof tbo words "having given
the bond required bylaw," and by adding the fol-
lowing: "Provided, That nothing in thisscctionshall
be held to apply to suspensions caused by unavoidable
accident: and the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue shall prescribe rules and regulations to govern
in such cases of involuntary suspension."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line one hundred and twenty-seven, to
strike out the words "so much as provides
for a distillery ware-house stamp, and also by
striking out;" and in line one hundred and
twenty nine, after the word "first," to strike
out "days" and insert "day;" so as to make
the clause read:
That section twenty-three be amended by striking
out the words, "eleventh and twenty-first days,"
and insert "day."
The amendment was ageed to.
The next amendment was after line one
hundred and thirty-seven of the same section,
to insert " that section twenty-eight be so
amended that the tax therein provided for
stamps shall be ten cents instead of twenty-
five cents."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line one
hundred and forty ofthe same section, to strike
out the following clauses:
That section twenty-nine be amended by striking
outthe words"less than $500nor" and "less than
six months nor."
That section thirty be amended by striking out
the words " less than $1,000 nor" and "less than one
year nor."
Thatsection thirty-six be amended by striking out
the words "less than $200 nor" and "less than three
months nor."
That section thirty-eight be amended by striking
outthe words "less than $100 nor "and "less than
three months nor."
That section thirty-nine be amended by striking
out the words "less than#100 nor" and "lessthan
one month nor."
The amendment was agreed to.
^ The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line one hundred and sixty-nine, afte*
the word "approve," to strike out the words
" of, and require the same to be procured by,"
and in lieu thereof to insert u such instru-
ments to be furnished by the United States to,"
and after the word " prescribe," in line one
hundred and seventy-three, to strike out the
words "and by striking out the words Mess
than $500 nor' and J less than one year nor"
so that the clause will read:
That section forty-three be amended by inserting
after the word "brand." the second time it occurs,
the words * and the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue may make such change in stamps and may pre-
scribe such instruments, or other means for aitach-
ing, protecting, and canceling stamps for tobacco,
snuff, cigars, distilled spirits, and fermented liquors,
or either of them, as he and the Secretary of the
Treasury shall approve, such instruments to be fur-
nished by the United States to the persons using the
stamps to be affixed therewith, under such regula-
lations as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
may prescribe."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line one hundred and seventy-six, after
the word "therein," to strike outthe following
words:
And the words "less than one thousand dollars
nor " and "less than six months nor."
That section forty-five be amended by strikingout
the words " less than one hundred dollars nor " and
14 less than three months nor."
So that the clause will read :
That section forty-four be amended by striking
out the word " distiller" where it first occurs therein.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, after line one hundred and eighty-five, to
strike out the following:
That section forty-eight be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting in
lieu thereof the following: " thaton all liquors, or
compounds known or denominated as wine, and
made in imitation of sparkling wine or champagne,
and on ail liquors, cordials, or bitters produced by
mixing distilled spirits with any foreign substance,
or by the infusion of any matter in distilled spirits
to be sold as medicines or otherwise, and on all
compounds produced by the mixture of distilled
spirits with any other substance, and of which tho
hydrometer will not indicate the proof, to be sold as
wine, brandy, or by any other name, there shall bo
levied and collected a tax of ten cents per bottle or
package containing not more than one pint, or of
twenty cents per bottle or package containing more
than one pint and not more than one quart, and at
tho same rate for any larger quantity of such mer-
chandise, however tho same may be put up, or what-
ever may be the package; and the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue shall cause to be prepared
suitable and special stamps denoting the tax herein
imposed, to be affixed to each bottle 01* package
containing such merchandise, by the person manu-
facturing, compounding, or putting up the same,
before removal fro to the place of manufacture,
compounding, or putting up; said stamps to be
affixed and canceled in such manner as the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue may prescribe; and the
absence ot such stamp Irom any bottle or package
containing such merchandise shall be prima facie
evidence that the tax thereon has not been paid,
and such merchandise shall be forfeited to tho Uni-
ted States. Any person counterfeiting, altering* or
reusing said stamps shall be subject to tho same
penalties as are imposed for the same offenses in
relation to proprietary stamps: Provided, That
articles taxed under this section shall not be liable
to taxation under Schedule C: And provided fur-
ther, That no special tax shall be required from vint-
nerswho sell grape-wineof their own manufacture."
Mr. SHERMAN. The committee directed
this clause to be stricken out and a substitute
for it to be carefully prepared. I now offer it
as *a substitute for the part stricken out. The
amendment is to strike out from line one hun-
dred and eighty-six down to line two hundred
and twenty-one, and insert what I send to the
Chair.
The Chief Clerk read the words to be in-
serted as follows :
That section forty-eight be amended by striking
out all after the words " whatever be the package
down to and including the words 44 and other lists,"
and inserting in lieu thereof the following : 41 the tax
herein imposed shall be paid hy affixing and cancel-
ing stamps representing the amount of tax due upon
each bottle or other inclosure or package, such
stamps to be provided by the Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue, furnished to collectors, and affixed and
canceled under rules and regulations to be pre*
