1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Naval Appropriations—Mr. Casserly.
Senate.
the Senator how he accounts for two things
which appear in that report: first, that there
is no such separate head, but the fifth subdi-
vision, if that be it, to which he has called
attention in the tabular statement, is a head
grouping both these things together and show-
ing that the board deemed delay an essential
and indispensable part of the kind of damage
they were to award. In the second place, I
inquire of the Senator how he accounts for
the fact that when tliey came to the case of
the Keokuk, which did not contain the ele-
ment of delay, but presented pure and simple
a deviation from the contract increasing the
cost $50,000, they passed it over putting an
asterisk opposite to it, and a foot note con-
taining the words "not considered as within
the province of the board?"
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir; and I believe
the same thing is said of another ship further
down. But, sir, I ask the Senator 
Mr. CONKLING. Will not the Senator
answer t.hos'; questions first?
Mr. CASSbRLY. I am going to dispose
of them both. It is impossible tor me or for
the Senator from New York [Mr. Conkling]
to tell what the members of the board meant,
except from what they said. Prom the fact
that they grouped together "delay and action"
as grounds of allowance in their report, the
Senator spems to argue, if not on his own be-
half, then on behalf of the Senator from New
Hampshire, that delay was the only cause of
damage considered—or that no cause of dam-
age was considered which did not involve de-
lay. To me this language means exactly the
reverse, that they considered a cause of dam-
age arising from •' delay," and also one arising
from other action of the Government; which
could only be by requiring alterations. As
to the omission to allow anything on account
of the Keokuk or the Cimarron, the Senator
from New York draws inferences to support
his view. I see no ground for this in the
report. It is at least as fair to infer that
nothing was found due on any ground.
But, as I have said more than once, I do not
regard what the board thought or said as at all
important. They made their award under the
statute ; and that was the end of it. I prefer
to deal with the law and with the acts of the
Secretary under it. He is the responsible
officer.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg to ask the hon-
orable Senator whether it is not only fair to
presume, but whether it is not obvious, that
they acted upon this idea: that variation of
the contract was uot a ground of jurisdiction,
except when it was associated with delay ; and
that when so associated, they comprehended
the terms of the statute, " such action and
delay of the Government ? " That explains
the language and action of the board, and, in
the language of the writers upon the doctrine of
circumstantial evidence, their action is con-
sistent with this explanation, and inconsistent
with any other rational supposition.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand the Senator
from New York now to take a ground that is
new to me, as a ground taken by him, or any
SeDator, lawyer, orotherwise, that has spoken.
That ground is, that no claims for increased
cost could be considered unless they were
coupled with delays in the prosecution of the
work.
Mr. CONKLING-. Not precisely, if the
Senator will pardon me, although he is quite
•warranted in saying that from ray language.
This is my suggestion: that the board held,
and had a right to hold under the statute, that
they had no right to award damages _ oil
account of variation from the contract ipso
facto at all, that thosa damages per se,
■whether associated with delay or not_, they
were not to award for; but when variation ot
the contract, although nothing else, led to
delay, then for all consequences of delays
associated with, or resulting from, or growing
out of—preferring any phrase the Senator may
think is most accurate—growing out of vari-
ation from the contract, they had a right to
act; and accordingly when they come to a
vessel where there was a variation of the con-
tract, where delays grew oat of that, they
award in reference to those delays. When
they come to a vessel like the Keokuk, where
there was a variation from the contract and
injury iuflicted upon the contractor owing to
it, if no delay ensued, they passed over it and
said "we cannot consider this." Why?
"Because the delay, which is the gravamen
of the thing pointed out to us, did uot occur
from the action of the Government, but
otherwise."
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from New
York has stated his view at some length.
I think I understand him fully. He takes
the same ground as before. He says the
board had a right to construe the statute as
allowing damages for alteration coupled with
delay, but not for alteration without delay.
The Senator may defend or even justify the
board if he will. I must confess my surprise
that three men could be found who could take
such a view of their duties under the act. I
shall not go over what the statute makes so
plain. It is equally plain, as a fact, that alter-
ations in the plans may produce additional
cost on other grounds besides delay. They
may produce it, and more largely, too, by the
greater amount and value of materials required
or of the labor to marke use of them.
Mr. CONKLING. But, if the honorable
Senator will pardon me, I find a fetter on that
very point in the statute. Let me read it:
"But no allowance for any advance in the price
of labor or material shall be considered, unless such
advance occurred during the prolonged time for
completing the work rendered necessary by the
delay resulting from the action of the Government
aforesaid, and then only when such advance could
not have been avoided by the exercise of ordinary
prudence and diligence on the part of the con-
tractor."
It is somewhat confused, but I submit to
the Senator that the words which I have just
read to him now, without going to the pro-
viso, limit, define, point out, and particular-
ize what was the intent of these two heads of
relief, as he denominates them.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator's point is
not difficult to answer. The language read by
him refers to a matter of detail—to extra cost
arising from advance in the price of labor or
material resulting from delay caused by the
Government. It is a mere matter of special
detail. For an advance in cost of labor or
materials the Government was uot to be liable
unless the increase was caused by its own
delay.
But, sir, I confess my inability to under-
stand the process of reasoning by which any
serious doubt can be thrown upon the lan-
guage of this statute. If anything is clear, I
think this is clear, abundantly clear, that the
statute dealt with two classes of claims, and
that the words "delay and action" in the
latter part of the statute were intended to
cover both heads separately and together.
The statute expressly and at much length
provides for two classes of claims. The at-
tempt is by the means of a brief phrase in
the description of the report to be made, to
reduce these two classes into one, and so far,
to nullify the operative words of the act. Of
course I ought not to say that all this is so plain
that no man can doubt it, because I have heard
Senators doubt it. I must say I should not
otherwise have thought such doubts possible.
Now, sir, 1 pass on to what seems to me
entirely conclusive of this case. 1 find it in the
language of the act of 1868. The board made
its award for specified amounts in favor of
Secor and others; and Congress passed an act
for the payment to them ol the sums specified.
The act 1 need not read at length. I slmll only
read such part of it as bears upon what I have
to say.
Mr. CONKLING. If I do not interfere with
the Senator, I want to ask him on# more ques-
tion on the act of 18G7 before he passes to the
act of 1808 ?
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator knows as
well as I do how difficult it is to makeanyihing
like a connected legal argument with these con-
stant interruptions. Yet I shall not object.
Mr. CONKLING. As the Senator was pass-
ing from one point to another, and from one
statute to another, I thought perhaps it would
not interrupt him if I asked him a question on
the first statute before be spoke of another.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall not object to this
interruption; but I hope the Senator will be
cousiderate hereafter.
Mr. CONKLING. I was going to make a
suggestion to the Senator. I do not argue the
construction of this statute. 1 beg the Senator
to attend to that remark ; I did not think this
was the proper forum, the proper time or place
to argue that. 1 suggested what 1 did in reference
to the statute in answer to an allegation which I
think was very monstrous, madeupon the floor,
that the officer who had paid upon one view
of this statement had done an illegal and a
bald act. I marked that word. I commented
upon this statute, not for the purpose of fast-
ening its true intent and meaning, but for the
purpose of showing that it was at least open to
a difference of opinion.
But now, sir, I ask the attention of the Sen-
ator from California to this point : the board
which adjudged this case certainly was not the
agent of the claimants; it certainly was the
agent of the United States. Suppose this board,
thus chosen by the Government and not by the
claimants, made a blunder just as stupid as the
Senator thinks they must have made in read-
ing ihis statute; does that affect the equities
ot this case? Suppose he and I should hold
alike that the statute as plain as sunlight con-
ferred upon them a double jurisdiction, and
they read ittheotherwayandsaid, " It confers
upon us only a singlejurisdiction," only halfof
the jurisdiction that was really conferred in the
Senator's opinion and mine, does thatdiniinish
the equities of the claimants? Is that a reason
why they should not receive their money? Is
that a reason why Congress or the Secretary
of the Navy or anybody else should be charged
with knavery, charged with having paid money
that was not due, in fac% because a board,
quasi judicial, and only so, a special suboidin-
ate tribunal, mistook its jurisdiction?
Now, I submit to the honorable Senator
that in order to maintain the opposite of the
point which I undertook to argue, which is
not the construction of this statute, he must
not only demonstrate that the decision of the
board as to the meaning of the statute was
wrong and absurd, but he must so connect the
claimants with that as to show that we could
visit the consequences upon them ; or that at
all events it is just to asperse an executive
officer of the Government because he took
notice of the fact that either by mistake or
otherwise this board had omitted any consid-
eration of a certain setof claims and thereupon
proceeded to pay those, when in point of fact
a former board had determined upon them.
Mr. CASSBliLY. I yielded to the Sena-
tor from New York to ask a question. I put
it to the Senator now whether after my obser-
vation as to the difficulty of maintaining a legal
discussioa in the face of constant interrup-
tions, he should have gone off at such length
to assail some other Senator than myself.
Why should he arraign allegations, as if for
a response from me, which 1 had not made?
Does the Seuator think all that in the least
