328
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 23,
Senate.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Carpenter.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
pertinent to any matter which I was discuss-
ing? Is it fair on his part, after I yielded the
floor to bira for a question, to proceed at such
length to comment upon the remarks of some
other Senator or Senators, who are abundant-
ly able to answer for themselves?
Mr. CONKLING. 1 beg to respond to that.
If my honorable friend, in place of conversing
with another friend, had paid attention enough
to what I was saying to hear what 1 did say, cer-
tainly he would not. advance the criticism he
does. I answered the Senator directly by
reminding him, or attempting to do so, that
he was quite wrong in charging me with hav-
ing undertaken to defend or interpret this
statute. I said that I rose in answer to an
allegation that it was perfectly bald and illegal
for the Secretary of the Navy or anybody else
to assume that there could be more than one
interpretation of it in effect, and I argued to
show that it was open to another interpreta-
tion, expressly disclaiming anything of the
sort; and from that I advanced to the other
position taken by the Senator, that he did not
see how a rational man, or whatever the ex-
pression was, eould have come to the conclu-
sion that this board did, and I simply sug-
gested that however irrational it might be, the
claimants were not to blame. If I transcended
the permission given me by the Senator, I beg
his pardon; I did not intend to do so.
Mr. CASSERLY. As in other cases in this
debate, I cannot answej-, for I cannot recall all
the Senator has said in his remarks just now,
exceptoa one, perhaps two points. If I under-
stood anything that the Senator said in the pre-
vious part of this debate, I understood him to
take the unqualified ground that the action of
the Secretary of the Navy in paying one of
these claimants, Secor, of New York, the sum
of $93,000 over and above the payments pro-
vided for by the law of 1868, and made to Secor
under that law, was entirely lawful and entirely
justifiable.
Mr. CONKLING. Upon that interpretation
of the statute to which 1 insisted it was open.
Mr. CASSEBLY. Yery well. I insist that
the statute is open to no such interpretation, and
that no such interpretation is even plausible.
I think I have shown this abundantly, and
shall not repeat myself. I have drawn no
inferences as to the course of the Secretary of
the Navy, I have not assaulted him. It is
more congenial to my habits of life and my
feelings when I am discussing a legal question
to confine myself to that. That I have done
as well as I could without preparation and amid
many interruptions. The law and the act of the
Secretary of the Navy speak each for itself.
The equities of the claimants, of which the
Senator speaks now, whatever they were, have
nothing in the world to do, in my judgment,
with this question. The Congress of the United
States has dealt with the subject by two laws.
Those two laws were the guide and the char-
ter, the only power and the sole limitation of
that power to the Secretary of the Navy.
Why, sir, what a doctrine it is, that a high
executive officer of this Government, be he the
Secretary of the Navy or the President of the
United States, is to put his hand into the
Treasury and pay out §93,000 to any man
upon "equities" resting in his imagination
and not only outside of the law but against the
law. Is this a Government of men or a Gov-
ernment of laws? It is not necessary to say
anything of corruption in reference to a pro-
ceeding like that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask him whether it is not
necessary in the course of administration,
when we pass laws relating to what the Execu-
tive Departments are to do or not to do, that
somebody must construe them in the first in-
stance ; that is to say, the Department itself,
to make their application and to carry them
into force ?
Mr. CASSERLY. It is about as diffi-
cult for me in the same moment to reply
to the Senator from New York, [Mr. Coxk-
lixg,] and the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Edmunds,] as it is said to be for one man to
ride two horses going at full speed opposite
ways. The Senator from New York stands
upon the "equities" of the claimants; the Sen-
ator from Vermont appeals to me upon the
construction of the statute. Undoubtedly an
officer of the executive department of the
Government has to construe laws. What I
contend for is, that where a law is reasonably
doubtful, he should give the doubt to the Gov-
ernment ; where it is clear, as it is in this case,
he shouldfollow it. I say thatupon imaginary
equities or upon a forced construction of a
statute, no executive officer' ought to put his
hand into the Treasury and take out $93,000
for anybody.
The claimants or their "equities" have
nothing to do with this discussion. If they had
equities, Congress would have been most will-
ing to consider them, as it did in the first
instance. If any proper case had been shown
to Congress of the kind now alleged to exist,
and of which there is no proof except proof of
the most dangerous character, and by which any
kind of judgment or award could be cut down
anywhere—Congress would have been very
prompt to consider the case and to give the
remedy.
But, Mr. President, I was about to consider
the act of 1868 when I was drawn off by the
two Senators. The question is whether under
the law as it stood when the payment of
$93,000 was made to Secor by the Secretary
of the Navy, the act was a justifiable one. or
one that was fairly excusable. The question
relates to him, not to the claimants, as the
Senator from New York [Mr. Coxklisg]
would contend. The language of the law of
1868, after setting out the awards and provid-
ing for their payment, is :
" Which shall be in full discharge of all claims
against the United States on account of the vessels
upon which the board made tbe allowance, as per
their report under the act of Mareh 2,1867."
I presume no weight will be laid upon the
fact that the report of these officers is referred
to by the statute. That was merely by way
of description to ascertain what particular
vessels were intended. I have heard it sug-
gested by a Senator [Mr. Freijcnghuysex]
for whose opinions I have always a very high
respect, that the words "upon which" must
relate to the words "all claims," so that the
discharge called for by the statute would he
simply of all claims upon which " the board
made the allowance as per their report." But,
sir, that construction is inadmissible. It
would render the words "on account of the
vessels," which immediately precede the words
" upon which," totally nugatory and superflu-
ous. Congress meant to shut the door against
all further claims for any of the vessels speci-
fied in the report. That, and just that, Con-
gress says in the words last read by me:
"On account of the vessels, upon which the board
made the allowance as per their report," ifce.
But no, say the Senators from New Jersey
and New York. To find out what Congress
meant, you must strike out what it said,—" On
account of the vessels," &c. Then, having cut
out the main fact in the law, the vessels,
we are to join the fragments of the sentence
to get at the will of Congress. Such a view-
has only to be stated. It answers itself.
By the language of tbe statute, each of these
claimants, when be received his money as
therein provided, took it in full discharge
of all claims on account of " the vessels upon
which the board made the allowance." The
names of the vessels, of course, are found in
the report to which the, statute refers. I do
not know how words could be stronger than
the words "full discharge" in the statute.
I confess myself unable to understand how
in the face of such language the Secretary
of the Navy, himself a lawyer of distinction
in his own State of New Jersey, could have
brought himself to the conclusion that it was
proper for him, under any conceivable circum-
stances, to pay out $93,000 more to one of
the claimants named in the act who bad
already taken the money awarded in the act
" in full discharge of all claims."
Mr. President, it is a very clear case. The
act of 1867 was the submission of tbe case by
the United States and the contractors to the
decision of the Secretary as the assessor to
ascertain the award. The award when made
was the end of the matter. So says the sub-
sequent act of 1868, and such would have been
the law without the statute.
If Sccor was dissatisfied with the award in
the act of 1868, he was not compelled to take
the money. He could have resorted to Con-
gress for relief. Having chosen to take the
money, he was bound and barred by the
statute. The Secretary of the Navy was
bound and barred no less.
I have not engaged in this debate as an
accuser; but to ascertain the law and the facts.
I have listened attentively to Senators on the
other side. Neither in their remarks nor in
the law can I discover ground or color for the
reopening of the Secor claim and paying
$93,000 on it in 1870, when it was at least six
years old, and after it had be°n settled by the
award of Secretary Welles, settled by full pay-
ment of that award, settled by the whole prac-
tice of the Department, settled by operation of
law, settled by the express words of the act of
Congress.
Mr. President, I should not have spoken at
all on this subject but for the exceeding confi-
dence with which views were put forward by
Senators on the other side, which were in
direct conflict with what has long seemed to
me the clear right of the case. I have spoken
at much more length than 1 intended, although
some part of the delay must be charged to the
account of the interruptions by other Senators.
-North Carolina Senatorship.
SPEECH OF HON. M. H. CARPENTER,
of wisconsin,
In* the Senate of the United States,
April 23, 1672.
The Senate having under consideration the reso-
lution reported by the Committee on Privileges and
Elections relative to the seat in the Senate from
the State of North Carolina, claimed by Joseph c.
Abbott—
Mr. CARPENTER said :
Mr. President: 1 invoke the attention of
the Senate toabrief reply to the speech of the
honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Thurmax.]
Before referring in detail, however, to his
remarks, let mo consider the questions which
were suggested yesterday by the Senator from
New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] and the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.]
Section three, article one of the Constitution,
is as follows:
" The Senate of the United States shall be com-
posed of two Senators from each State, chosen by the
Legislature thereof, for six years and oach Senator
shall have one vote."
Section four provides:
"The times, places, and raannerof holding elec-
tions tor Senators and Representatives shall be
prescribed m each State by the Legislature thereof;
but the Congress may at any time by law make or
alter * uch regulations, except as to the places of
choosing Senators."
The Constitution does not determine the
