2172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
SALES OS PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. SARGENT, by unanimous consent,
presented a letter from the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, addressed to the
Committee on Appropriations, giving inform-
ation as to the cost and sales of public lands;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.-
BALTIMORE AND POTOMAC RAILROAD.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by
unanimous consent, leave was given to with-
. draw from the files of the House the petition
of citizens of the District of Columbia in ref-
erence to the location of the Baltimore and
Potomac Railroad Company.
leave of absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Niblack for ten days.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read from
the Calendar the entry in relation to the pend-
ing bill, which w ill explain the order of busi-
ness now.
The Clerk read as follows :
"A bill (II. 31. No. 2044) to authorize the appoint-
mentofsbipping commissioners by t,he several courts
of the United States, to superintend the shipping
and discharge of seamen engaged in merchant ships
belonging to the United States, and for the further
protection of seamen. March 21. The further con-
sideration postponed until April 4, next. Special
order for that day after ono and a half o'clock p. m.,
to the exclusion of all other orders, and that the
main question shall be considered as ordered at the
hour of four and. a half o'clock p. m."
ELECTION CONTEST NORRIS VS. IIANDLEY.
Mr. McCRARY. I ask the gentleman from
Michigan to yield to me to cail up a report
from the Committee of Elections. I will take
but little time in discussing it.
Mr. CONGER. The previous question has
been ordered at half past four o'clock, and
the time is so limited that I dislike to yield.
Mr. McCRARY. It will take but a few
moments. I shall not say much.
The SPEAKER. The report can be with-
drawn if it leads to discussion.
Mr. McCRARY. I call up the report of
the Committee of Elections in the case of
Norris vs. Handley, from the third district
of Alabama.
The resolution reported by the committee
was read as follows :
Henolvcd, That W. A. Uandloy is entitled to retain
his scat in this House as Representative from the
third district of Alabama.
Mr. McCRARY. Mr. Speaker, the report
in this case is unanimous, and I know ot no
disposition among members of the House to
discuss it or to oppose the adoption of the
resolution. I shall therefore not myself dis-
cuss it at any great length, but content myself
with a brief statement. The contestant's case
depended upon his establishing two propo-
sitions, namely:
1. That certain votes rejected by the can-
vassers should have been counted.
2. That the vote of numerous precincts
should be rejected on account of intimidation
I>r«etice4 % the .sitting jaember and his
friends. t ■
He has sustained for the most part the alle-
gations made under the first proposition, but
has in a great measure failed to sustain the
second. There were 1,131 votes cast for Mr.
Norris, the contestant, which were thrown
out, but which, as the report shows, should
have been counted. They were the following :
Box No. 1, Girard precinct, Russell county, majority
for contestant  511
Russell county vote thrown out by State board,
majority for contestant      269
Votes thrown out in Macon county  236
Votes thrown out in JJlmoro county  65
Total  1,131
In addition to this, a careful examination of
the evidence leads me to the conclusion that
there are four precincts which ought to be
thrown out on the ground that the frauds and
irregularities.,practiced at the polls were such
as to render it impossible to arrive at any sat-
isfactory conclusion as to what the true result
was. These precincts are:
Silver Run, Russell county, eontestee's major-
ity      149
Himes, Russell county, contestee s majority  74
Society Hill, Macon county, eontestee's ma-
jority  39
Oak Bowery, Chambers county, eontestee's ma-
jority  53
315
Add votes illegally rejected as above 1,131
Total 1,446
Deducting this number from the majority
certified for the sitting member leaves him still
a majority of 1,696 votes. That this majority
is not overcome by the evidence submitted
to sustain the charge of intimidation clcarly
appears from the report of the committee. I
refer the House to the report for a discussion
of this question, and will content myself with
the statement at this time that there was an
unusually full vote cast at the election in ques-
tion. This fact shows that there was not such
general and widespread intimidation as is
claimed; and when we consider the further fact
that the evidence adduced in support of the
allegation of intimidation is for the most part
hearsay and circumstantial, the conclusion is
inevitable that contestant has failed upon this
point. I do not mean to say that no voters
were intimidated, but it is clear that not a
sufficient number were by this means prevented
from voting to have changed the result had
they voted for contestant.
The committee do not wish to be under-
stood as having overlooked the fact that there
were efforts to intimidate, nor the fact that
great wrongs and outrages were perpetrated
upon the freedmen of the district in ques-
tion prior to and after the election. What we
say is, that these outrages, in so far as they
were resorted to to prevent the colored men
from voting, failed of their purpose, in great
measure at least. Upon this subject I desire
to say that it must not be supposed that the
committee have overlooked or failed to consider
the fact that gross wrongs and outrages are
shown by the evidence to have been inflicted
upon some of the freedmen in the district in
question. Threats were undoubtedly made
against this class of voters of personal injury or
dismissal from employment in case they voted
the Republican ticket, and these threats were
carried out after the election, in several in-
stances at least, in the brutal whipping of a
number of freedmen in the night-time by dis-
guised men, and by the dismissal of others from
employment. Several churches occupied by
freedmen for worship were, prior to the elec-
tion, burned down. Several cases of apparently
unprovoked murder are in proof, and several
cases of shooting and wounding. A white
woman who had been a teacher among the
freedmen was compelled to flee in the night-
time from her home, and a freedman who was
a preacher among his people was at the same
tipje brutally murdered. Other eases simi-
lar in,character are in proof, and it does not
appear that the perpetrators of a single one
of these outrages have ever been tried or pun-
ished, or that any vigorous or determined
effort has been made to apprehend or punish
any of the criminals. These crimes were "well
calculated to alarm and intimidate the colored
people, and it must be said to their great credit
that, in spite of all the dangers and difficulties,
the great body of them did in fact exercise
their right to vote, many of them traveling
ten, fifteen, and even twenty miles from their
homes for that purpose. These outrages, there-
fore, do not invalidate the election, because
they did not intimidate the freedmen. We call
attention to them now to denounce them as
most infamous, and to show that they have
not escaped our attention. We are glad to be
able to state that there is no proof connecting
the sitting member in any way with any of
these outrages. The committee recommend the
adoption of the resolution reported by them.
The accounts of the contestant for his ex-
penses were referred to a sub-committee, of
which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] was chairman, and I yield to him to
offer their report as ail amendment to the
resolution.
Mr. HOAR. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by adding to it the following:
liexolved, That there be allowed and paid to Hon.
B. W. Norris, from the contingent fund of the
House, the sum of 15,928, the sa.me having been ac-
tually expended by him in good faith in contesting
the seat irom the third district of Alabama.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is that a report from a
committee?
The SPEAKER. It is a report from the
Committee of Elections.
The amendment was agreed to; and the res-
olution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEADS TO ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr. MOREY. I ask that an amendment
which I propose to offer to the bill reported
from the Committee on the Public Lands, in
relation to homesteads, be printed with the
others.
Mr. HAWLEY. I would like to hear it
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Strike out the following words in the first section
after the word " provided
That this act shall not interfere with any grants,
reservations, obligations, pledges, or promises here-
tofore made or incurred by the United States under
existing laws.
And add the following:
That this act shall not affect the execution of
existing laws for the disposition of the public lands
by selection, reservation, warrants, certificates, agri-
cultural college scrip, indemnity scrip, or other
scrip, but the same shall apply to and be locatablo
on any lands liable at the same time to homestead
settlement and entry.,
Mr. HAWLEY. I object.
SURVEY OF INDIAN LANDS.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
presented the protest of the Indian delegates
to the survey of their lands in the Indian ter-
ritory, as proposed in the Indian appropriation
bill; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
SHIPPING COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. CONGER. I must now insist upon the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House will now, in pursuance
of previous order, resume the consideration
of House bill No. 2044, to authorize the ap-
pointment of shipping commissioners by
the judges of the several circuit courts of
the United States to superintend the shipping
and discharge of seamen engaged in merchant
ships belonging to the United States, and for
the further protection of seamen.
.. The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
commencing-.with the thirteenthseetion-, which
was read as follows:
Sec. 13. That the following rules shall be observed
with respect to agreements: first, every agreement
(except in such cases of agreements as are herein-
after specially provided for) shall be signed by each
seaman iu the presence of a shipping commissioner;
secondly, when the crew is first engaged, the agree-
mentshall be signed in duplicate, and one part shall
be retained by the shipping commissioner, and the
other part shall oontain a special place or form for
the description and signatures of persons engaged
subsequently to the first departure of the ship, and
shall be delivered to the master; thirdly, every
agreement entered into before a shipping commis-
sioner shall be. acknowledged and certified under the
hand and official seal of such commissioner, and shall
be indorsed on or annexed to such agreement, and
such certificate of acknowledgment shall be in form
and manner following, to wit:
State of , county of :
On this   day of  , personally appeared
before me, a shipping commissioner in ajidlorthe
said county, A B, C D, and E F, severally known to
