3964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
scribed by the Commissioner: Provided, That if any
person shall sell, or offer or expose for sale, or
remove for sal.e or consumption any article upon
which a tax is imposed by this section without the
affixing and canceling the proper stamp thereon,
the provision of section sixty of the act of July 20,
1868, as amended by this act relating to the assess-
mentof taxesomitted to be paid, shall apply to such
case. And provided further, That the absence of the
proper revenue stamp, duly canceled, from any
bottle or package taxable under this section, sold,
or offered, or exposed for sale, or removed for con-
sumption or sale, shall be notice to all persons that
the tax has not been paid thereon, and prima facie
evidence of the non-payment thereof, and such
bottle or package shall bo forfeited to the United
States,"
Mr, CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Ohio whether the section forty-eight in the
bill is entirely abandoned by him?
Mr. SHERMAN. "Yes, sir; and I will state
to the Senate in a word the whole amount of
this. Section forty-eight of the act hereby
amended provides for the taxation of imitation
liquors or compounds denominated as wine,
but which are not wine. The House commit-
tee proposed a new mode of taxing, which we
thought was objectionable and might lead to
confusion and perhaps include medicines of
some kinds. So our committee preserve the
whole tax, do not increase or diminish it, but
simply require it to be paid by stamps, the
stamps to be attached to the bottles, so that the
evidence of the payment shall accompany the
imitation liquor. It is a kind of liquor that
it is not the interest of* the people to have en-
couraged; but we do not put any prohibition
upon it, but simply tax it as we would the
geniwue ariicle at the same rate fixed by law.
That is all there is of the section.
Mr. CASSERLY. I understand this new
section then is not printed.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir. The reason
why it was not printed was because it was a
subject that ought to be carefully prepared,
and it was submitted to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. It does not change the
amount of the tax or the rate of the tax, or
anything about it, but simply provides that
the tax shall be paid by stamp, and that the
stamps shall be attached to the bottle or what-
ever form the compound may appear in.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of" the Committee on
Finance was in section [eleven] twelve, after
the word "ten," in line two hundred and
twenty-four, in the clause amending section
forty-nine, to insert:
Also, by sfcrikingoutthe word? " shall be assigned
to a designated territorial district to be composed
of one or more judicial districts and territories, and
shall keep his office at some convenient place in his
district to be designated by the Commissioner, and,"
and inserting in lieu thereof the words, "shall be
assigned by the Secretary of the Treasury, on the
recommendation of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, to duty in any part of the United States,
and may be transferred from place to place, accord-
ing to the exigency of the public serviceand strike
out44 within his district" wherever it occurs.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line two hundred and thirty seven, after
the word "officer," to insert:
Also by striking out the word " detectives," and
inserting in lieu thereof the word 41 agents/'
So that the clause will read:
That section fifty be amended by striking out the
word "supervisor" and inserting in lieu thergof
the word "officer." Also, by striking out the word
" detectives" aud inserting in lieu thereof the
word " agents.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line two
hundred and thirty-eight, of the same section,
to strike out the following:
That section fifty-two be amended by striking out
the words "less than five hundred dollars nor"
and "less than three months nor."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, after the word u articles," in line two
hundred and forty-four, to strike out " also,
by striking out the words 4 less than $500 nor '
and ' less than three months;'" so that the
clause will read:
That section fifty-three be amended by striking
out all from and including the words 'fees for
gauging," down to and including the words " pro-
ducer ol such articles."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, line three hundred and fourteen, to strike
out "sixty-five" and insert" seventy " before
cents;" so as to read:
The drawback allowed shall include the taxes
levied aud paid upon the distilled spirits exported,
at the rate of seventy cents per proof gallon, as per
last gauge of said spirits prior to exportation, and
shall be due and payable only alter the proper en-
tries have been made and filed, and all other con-
ditions complied with, as hereinbefore required, and
on filing with the Secretary of the Treasury the
proper claim, accompanied by the certificate of the
collector of customs at the port of entry whero the
spirits are entered for export, that such spirits have
been received into his custody and the tax-paid
stamps thereon obliterated ; and the Secretary of
the Treasury shall prescribe such rules and regu-
lations in relation thereto as may be necessary to
secure the Treasury of the United States against
frauds.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, after the word "vessel," in line three
hundred and seventy-nine, to insert " or any
other person; " so as to read :
And any owner, agent, or master of any vessel, or
any other person, who shall knowingly aid or abet
in thefraudulentcollection, or fraudulent attempt to
collect, any drawback upon, or shall knowingly aid
or permit any fraudulent change in the spirits so
shipped, shall,onconviction, be fined not exceeding
$5,0u0 and imprisoned not more than one year, and
the ship or vessel on board of which such shipment
was made or pretended to be mado, shall be for-
feited to the United States, whether a conviction of
the master or owner be had or otherwise, and pro-
ceedings may be had in admiralty by libel for such
forfeiture.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines four hun-
dred and four and four hundred and five of the
same section, to strike out the words "also
by striking out the words Mess than $500 nor'
and 1 less than six months nor;' " so that the
clause will read :
That section fifty-seven be amended by striking
out the words " more than," before the words "five
gallons," and inserting the words " or more," after
the words " five gallons."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines four hun-
dred and yx and four hundred and seven of
section [eleven] twelve to strike out the clause,
"that section thirteen be, and the same is
hereby, repealed."
Mr. SHERMAN. That is transposed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine of
section [twelve] thirteen, before the word
"sales," to insert the words "and other;"
so as to read :
That section eight be amended by adding the
words "Provided further, Thatin caseof distilleries
sold at judicial and other sales in favor of the Uni-
ted States, a bond mav be taken at the discretion of
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue/' &c.
.The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendment was in section [twelve]
thirteen, which amends the act of July 20,1868,
as amended by the act of April 10, 1869, line
twenty-seven, before "cents," to strike out
" sixty-five " and insert "seventy;" in line
thirty-three, before "cents," to strike out
"sixty-five" and insert "seventy;" in line
forty-four, before "cents," to strike out
"sixty-five" and insert "seventy;" and in
line forty-five, before "lien," to insert "a;"
so as to make the clause read:
That section twenty be amended by striking out
all after the enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: " That on the receipt of the
distiller's return in cach month the assessor shall
inquire and determine whether the distiller has ac-
counted for all the grain or molasses used, and all
the spirits produced by him in the preceding month.
If the assessor is satisfied that the distiller has
reported all the spirits produced by him, and the
quantity so reported shall be found to be less than
eighty per cent, of the producing capacity of the dis-
tillery as estimated under the provisions of this act,
an assessment shall be made for such deficiency at
the rate of seventy cents for every proof gallon. In
determining the quantity of grain used, filty-six
pounds shall be accounted as a bushel; and if tho
assessor finds that the distiller has used any grain
or molasses in excess of the capacity of his distillery
as estimated under the provisions of this act, an
assessment shall be made against the distiller at the
rate of seventy cents for every proof gallon of spirits
that should have been produced from the grain or
molasses so used in excess, which assessment shall
be made whether the quantity of spirits reported is
equal to or exceeds eighty percent, of the producing
capacity of the distillery. If the assessor finds that
the distiller has notaccounted for all the spirits pro-
duced by him. he shall, from all the evidence he can
obtain, determine what quantity of spirits was act-
tually produced by such distiller, and an assess-
ment snail be made for the difference between the
quantity reported and the quantity shown to have
been actually produced, at the rate of seventy cents
for every proof gallon," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. At that point I offer the
following proviso, to come in after the word
"gallon," in line forty-four, to remove a pos-
sible ambiguity:
Provided, Thatthe actual product shall be assumed
to be in no case less than eighty per cent, of the
producing capacity of the distillery where estimated
under the provisions of this act, or under the act to
which this is an amendment.
Tbe amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [twelve]
thirteen, line fifty-three, to strike out the words
" be and the same is hereby repealed," and to
insert the following:
And a tax on the sales of wholesale and retail
dealers, and a tax on rectifiers of fifty cents on each
barrel produced in excess of two hundred barrels, be,
and the same are hereby, repealed; but nothing
herein contained shall be held to repeal or modify
the existing law as to tbe mode of keeping the books
of distillers, rectifiers, or dealers, or as to their in-
spection ; and the returns required by existing law
of distillers, rectifiers, or dealers, shall be furnished
to tho proper officers of internal revenue when
demanded.
So as to read:
That so much of section fifty-nine as impose
upon distillers a special tax, and the tax of four dol-
lars per barrel, and a tax on the sales of wholesale
and retail dealers, and a tax on rectifiers, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish here to offer two
amendments by instruction of the Committee
on Finance. They relate to brewers. I will
offer the first to come in just before the pro-
viso on page G5, line sixty-five. I will state
that the brewers have always complained of
their association in the tax laws with the deal-
ers in spirituous liquors, and have remonstrated
in various forms against it, stating that it was
unjust to them. We have at last yielded to
their request, and separated the special tax on
brewers from the tax on liquor dealers. That
is the only difference. I send up the amend-
ment.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment,
which was after the word "bond," in line
sixty-five of section [twelve] thirteen, to
insert:
And that said section be further amended by
striking out the words "malt liquor," "malt
liquors," "brewer," and "malt liquors," in the
three several paragraphs in which they occur.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after th
amendment then adopted the following:
And that said section be further amended by add-
ing to said section the following: "every person
who sells or offers for sale malt liquors in larger
quantities than five gallons at one time, and who
does not deal in spirituous liquors, shall be regarded
as a wholesale dealer in malt liquors, and not a
wholesale liquor dealer, and shall pay a special tax
of fifty dollars. Every person who sells or offers lor
sale malt liquors in quantities of five gallons or less
at one time, and who does not deal in spirituous
liquors, shall be regarded as a retail dealer in malt
liquors and not a retail liquor dealer, and shall pay
a special tax of twenty dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section [thirteen] fourteen,
line four, before the word " dollars" to strike
out "five" and insert "eight;" so that the
section will read:
Sec. [13] 14. That on and after the date when this
