1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3965
act shall take effect the compensation of internal
revenue gaugors shall be determined by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, at a rate not exceed-
ing eight dollars per day while actually employed,
which, together with their actual and necessary
traveling expenses, verified by the oath of such
gauger under such regulations as the said Commis-
sioner may prescribe, and the compensation of inter-
nal revenuo store-keepers, shall be paid by the
United States without requiring reimbursement by
distillers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have an amendment
to section thirteen, but I have it not prepared
in the proper form just yet. I reserve the
right to offer it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot in the chair.) The Senator can offer it
hereafter.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion fourteen, in the following words :
Sec. 14. That the foregoing provisions of this act
shall take effect on the 1st day of July, 1872. And
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is hereby
authorized to make, with the approval of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, all such regulations not in
conflict with any provision of law as may become
necessary by reason of any change made by this act
in the laws relating to the taxation of distillers and
distilled spirits.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion sixteen, in the following words:
Skc. 16. That so much of section one hundred and
seventy-nine, of the act of July 13,1866, as provides
for moieties to informers be, and the same is hereby,
repealed.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is only a transpo-
sition.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to under-
stand that.
Mr. SHERMAN. This repeals the moie-
ties, but there is another section reported by
our committee, carefully prepared, at the end
of the bill, which covers the whole thing. We
repeal all moieties and substitute another
provision.
Mr. CONKLING. I think this amend-
ment had better stand until we reach that.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is in the very same
words.
Mr. CONKLING. There is another pro-
vision in it, I think.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is only a transposi-
tion of the very words, and the Senator can
see these very words at the end of the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. My suggestion to the
Senator is merely one of convenience. When
we reach section twenty-four, of course we
want to consider this question. I suggest to
him to let this stand until that time. I know
that it contains this repeal, but it also con-
tains a provision appropriating $100,000, or so
much as may be necessary to enable rewards
to be offered. These two things should be
considered together, and therefore I think this
had better stand.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly willing,
except that the Senator will see that the section
substituted by the committee has nearly every
word contained in this clause, and it is con-
nected with another proposition. It is put at
the end of the bill because we want to make it
apply to moieties, both on tobacco and whisky,
but where it is inserted now it only applies to
moieties on whisky.
Mr. CONKLING. I understand it, I think.
This section proposes to repeal the moieties
as they stand. The subsequent section pro- .
poses also to repeal them and then to add
special provisions, and the question will be on
that amendment altogether. Now, if we should
repeal them here, and then if we should reject
the amendment known as section twenty-four,
we should do what nobody would want to do.
The question will be between (hose who want
to repeal moieties and those who do not.
Mr. SHERMAN. You can amend the last
section by striking out a pan of it.
Mr. CONKLING. I know you can; but
what is the objection to letting this stand
over ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to go along with
the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I make the request that
this lie over until we reach the other. It will
not hurt anybody's convenience, and it will
answer mine to have the two things considered
together.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is no objection to
this section going out.
Mr. CONKLING. There is objection to
it now, and 1 am surprised that my friend,
when any Senator indicates that he can under-
stand the bill better by allowing this to wait
until a subsequent amendment is reached,
should make a point about it. I should not
have made the suggestion if I supposed the
Senator would have the least idea of objecting.
It is a mere matter of convenience in doing
business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to do things
as we go along regularly.
Mr. CONKLING. I know that we cannot
all have things just as we want them. My
friend understands that just as well as I do.
We do not all understand things alike. I do
not know whether I am for the repeal of the
moeities or not; but when we come to the sub-
sequent section, I should like to hear the argu-
ment in favor of allowing the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue $100,000 to offer rewards
in place of a qui lam action. I do not know
but that I shall vote that way, butl would like
to hear what the committee have to say so that
we may vote intelligently. I ask that this may
lie over until we reach that, and then we shall
have the whole question before us.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Unless ob-
jection be made, this amendment will be
passed over. The Chair hears no objection,
and it will be passed over for the present.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section [seventeen] sixteen,
line two, after the word "that," to insert the
words " on and after the 1st day of July next
so as to read :
Tobacco.
Sec. [17] 16. That on and after the 1st day of July
next the act entitled "An act imposing taxes on
distilled spirits and tobacco, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 20,1868, be, and the same is
hereby, amended as follows.
The next amendment was in section [seven-
teen] sixteen, line eighteen, before "cents,"
to strike out "twenty" and insert "twenty-
four ;" so as to read:
That section sixty-one be amended by striking out
all after the second paragi aph, and inserting in lieu
thereof the following words: "On all chewing and
smoking tobacco, fine-cut, Ca vendish, plug, or twist,
cut or granulated, of every description ; on tobacco
twisted by band or reduced into a condition to bo
consumed, or m any manner other than the ordinary
mode of drying and curing, prepared for sale or con-
sumption, even if prepared without the use of any
machine or instrument, and without being pressed
or sweetened; and on all fine-cut shorts and refuse
scraps, clippings, cuttings, and sweepings of tobacco,
a tax of twenty-four cents per pound."
Mr. WRIGHT. I move to strike out that
clause of the section just read by the Clerk,
from line eight to line nineteen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first
question will be on the amendment of the com-
mittee, which is to perfect the clause proposed
to be stricken out. The amendment substi-
tuting "twenty-four" for "twenty" will be
considered as agreed to. The question now
is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa, to
strike out the entire clause.
Mr. WRIGHT. The amendment of the
committee, as I understand it, is to change the
bill as it came from the House from a tax of
twenty cents per pound to twenty four cents
per pound, and this amendment involves the
question as to whether we shall have a discrim-
inating tax upon tobacco or a consolidated tax.
I desire to say that in the committee I voted
against the consolidation of the tax. I am
opposed to it now. I prefer to have the law as
it was before, without change, and I will state
briefly my reasons for it.
In the first place I am not aware that from
the consumers there is any complaint against
this tax. I am very certain that of all the
persons who appeared before the committee,
and all the communications we had, no one
person as consumer uttered a complaint against
the law as it now stands. That is the first
reason I give against the change. The only
persons who complained were the manufac-
turers.
My next reason against the change is found
in this: ever since we have had a tax on to-
bacco we have had a discriminating tax. There
has been no time that we have had a consolid-
ated tax. This method of taxation is thus
known throughout the country, and the manu-
facturers of tobacco and all those engaged in
the traffic thus know what the tax is, and they
have arranged their business accordingly. I
believe that if there is any one thing more than
another that should be adhered to in taxation
it is that you shall have certainty and stability,
and there is nothing that unsettles the business
of the country so much as constantly changing
each time that Congress may meet.
I have before me here a letter in which the
writer speaks of a gentleman in his city, (and
this letter is written by one of the most intelli-
gent gentlemen in my State,) a manufacturer,
who had paid $74,000 for stamps during the
past year, and he expected this year to do a
very much larger business than the last; and
he gives as a reason why he has not done the
amount of business he expected to do and was
prepared to do, the agitation of the tax ques-
tion in Congress and the uncertainty conse-
quent upon it. What they want as to tax, he
says, is stability. Speaking of the present
rate of taxation, which is thirty-two cents and
sixteen cents, he says:
"Nobody complains of it, neither the consumer
nor the manufacturer here, nor the dealers in our
portion of the State or in the West." * A * *
'The trouble is that dealers are afraid to buy except
from hand to mouth so long as the question remains
open in Congress with a possible reduction to sixteen
cents per pound."
Now, I say that this very uncertainty, this
want of stability, this uneasiness on the part
of manufacturers and those engaged in the
trade, has had very much to do with the reduc-
tion in the amount of the manufactured article.
In the next place I am opposed to the change
for this reason: we propose to leduce the tax
upon one article of tobacco and increase it
upon another, whence it must necessarily re-
sult that we shall have agitation and dissatis-
faction on the part of the people because of
this increase, and at the same time decrease
the amount of revenue that we derive from
this article. Last year we sold over ninety-
five million pounds of tobacco, and from these
ninety-five million pounds we realized very
nearly twenty-six million dollars. Now, put
the tax at twenty-four cents and we shall real-
ize $24,000,000, or a loss of $2,000,000 from
this source, and at the same time create dis-
satisfaction on the part of the people. That
is to say, you increase the amount upon the
lower grade of tobacco, thus creating dissatis-
faction and complaint, and at the same time
decrease your revenues. Now, when we hear
no complaint from the people on this subject,
and when, if-we make this change, we decrease
the amount of revenue received, I ask, what
reason is there for the change when you inter-
fere with the stability which is so important
with reference to your revenue at the same
time?
For these reasons, which I have given very
briefly, knowing that I am confined to five
minutes, 1 am opposed to any change. I
think the country will be better satisfied, and
that we shall be better satisfied, so far as the
revenue is concerned, if we allow the law to
remain as it is.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. It appears
to me that the Senator from Iowa has fallen
into the same mistake that a great many gen-
tlemen do who talk about the collection of
the revenue. The committee have had man-
ufacturers before them. The consumers of
