1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2173
me to be the same persons who executed the fore-
going instrument,who each for himself acknowledged
to me that he had read or had heard read the same;
that he was by me made acquainted with the condi-
tions thereof and understood the same; and that he
signed it freely and voluntarily, for the uses and
purposes therein mentioned."
Mr. WOOD. When this bill was before
under consideration, two weeks ago, it was
very much at my instance, I think, that
further action upon it was postponed. I then
stated that I desired an opportunity to exam-
ine a bill so exceedingly important, and since
that time I have taken occasion to do so. I
now propose to speak to this bill in general
and in detail, and to occupy some small por-
tion of time at least, certainly not an hour,
probably not a half an hour, in stating very
generally what I conceive to be the objections
to it, and in presenting a remonstrance against
it from three fourths of the ship-owners and
merchants of New York.
Mr. CONGEE. While this bill is being
read by sections, is discussion in order except
upon amendments?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is under the
impression that discussion upon it has not
been limited to the five-minutes debate upon
amendments.
Mr. WOOD. If the Chair will permit, I
will read from the daily Globe of March 22,
containing the report of the debates and pro-
ceedings of March 21, an extract which will
show that no limit was prescribed to debate
upon this bill:
" The Speaker. The Chair will again submit the
proposition: that the pending bill be made a spe-
cial order for this day two wcek-3, at half past one
o'clock, to the exclusion of all other orders, and
that, at half past tour o'clock the previous question
shall be considered as operating. The bill will be
taken up in the same position as it is now. Yester-
day it was being read by sections for amendments,
a.s in Committee of the Whole, and the understand-
ing will be that when resumed the consideration of
the bill be proceeded with in the same way.
"Mr. Wood. Does that limit tho time allowed
each member fordebato?
" The Speaker. It does not. Some arrangement
may be made, if the House chooses, as to the length
of the speeches.
"Mr. Garfield, of Ohio. I suggest that the
speeches be limited to five minutes.
"Mr. Wood. I shall object to that."
There was no further proceedings upon the
subject of debate upon this bill.
Mr. CONGEE. While I wish to give, and
will give even to the opponents of this bill, a
large portion of the time for debate, both now
and alter the previous question shall have been
ordered, I will now ask for an order of the
House that the consideration of this bill by
sections shall be under the five minutes rule.
The SPEAKER. That eould not be done,
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood]
holding the floor under previous arrangement.
Mr. CONGEE. I do not know that the gen-
tleman has the floor under- previous arrange-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York was recognized upon the bill as it now
stands. The gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Conger] can have the five minutes rule ap-
plied to this bill only by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONGEE. As will be seen by refer-
ence to the Globe, the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] was recognized to put an
inquiry to the Speaker in relerence to the
arrangement which!myself proposed, to have
this bill made the special order for to day at
half past one o'clock. I proposed the airange-
ment which was made.
The SPEAKER. Precisely; but the gen-
tleman did not make any proposition to limit
debate to five-minutes.
Mr. CONGEE. But wo were then proceed-
ing under the five minutes rule, and had reached
the thirteenth section.
The SPEAKER,. Was there a specific
arrangement of that kind !•
Mr. CONGEE. 1 do not know that any
such proposition had been specifically agreed
to, but it vras generally understood.
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Conger] made no such proposition.
Mr. CONGER. No ; because we were
already considering the bill by sections.
Mr. HALE. As the gentleman from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Conger] has just stated, we were
proceeding with the consideration of this bill
under the five minutes rule, and I was myself
waiting until the readingof the twelfth section
had been completed, in order to move an
amendment to it, and I was rising to take the
floor, if I could get it, at that time.
Mr. CONGER. That is my understanding.
Mr. WOOD. For the' purpose- of being
accurate on this subject, I have closely ex-
amined the record of the proceedings of the
House, as recorded in the Globe on the two
previous occasions when this bill was under
consideration. While it was understood that
there was no objection to reading and consid-
ering the bill by sections, nothing was said or
determined in regard to the limitation of de-
bate. The only time that question arose was
upon the proposition to fix the time for mak-
ing this bill a special order. I then asked
if the proposition would limit the debate to
five minutes,, and the Speaker said it would
not; and that was all that was said upon the
subject at that time.
The SPEAKER. The fJhuir will direct the
Clerk to read the order under which this bill
is taken up to-day. The Clerk informs the
Chair that the Calendar is a precise copy of
the Journal as regards this matter; and the
Clerk will read from the Calendar.
The Clerk read as follows:
"A bill (H. R. 2044) to authorize tho appointment of
shipping commissioners by the several courts of the
United States, to superintend the shipping and dis-
charge ofseamen engaged in merchantships belong-
ing to the United'States, and for the further protec-
tion of seamen. March 21. The further consideration
postponed until April 4, next. Special order tor that
day after half past one o'clock p. m., to the exclu-
sion of all other orders, and that the main question
shall be considered as ordered at the hour of half
p'ast four o'clock p. m."
Mr. CONGEE. Now, I submit that what-
ever order we were a,cting under then, in regard
to the limitation of time, is the order now, 1
there having been no change.
The SPEAKER. But it appears by the
Globe, from which the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] has read, that an inquiry
on this point was addressed to the Chair in the
hearing of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Conger,] and the Chair said the arrangement
did not limit the time. And there is no record
on the Journal of any limitation as to the time.
The Chair apprehends, however, that at the
conclusion of the remarks of the gentleman
from New York there will be no objection to
limiting further debate in accordance with the
five-minute rule.
Mr. CONGER. I ask, then, that after one
half hour—for I believe the gentleman from
New York has said that he does not wish to
occupy any longer time than that—
Mr. WOOD. I should have been half
through by this time if the gentleman had
permitted me to proceed.
Mr. CONGER. I ask that after half an
hour the bill be proceeded with by sections
under the five-minute rule.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Michigan understands the gentleman from
New York as desiring to occupy only half an
hour.
Mr. WOOD. I do not desire to be limited.
I shall take as little time as possible.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Michigan asks that after the conclusion of the
remarks of the gentleman from New York
the bill may be proceeded with under the five
minutes rule. To this the Chair hears no
objection ; and it is so ordered.
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, I have a very
high respect for the motives of some gentle-
men who have originated this measure. 1
always respect men who sincerely desire to
ameliorate the condition of any class of man-
kind. But in my experience in life I have
found tbat men of a philanthropic spirit, whose
sensibilities are keenly excited by the suffer-
ings or the needs of their fellows, are not always
the most practical, the most rational, or, the
safest guides to be followed in matters of legis-
lation. _ "f^*\
Now, sir, the chief ground upon which this \
bill has been presented to the House, and
upon which I believe its passage is mainly (-
advocated, is that it is to do away with the V.
abuses which to a certain extent we all admit 1
to exist with reference to the poor sailors. It 1
is said—^and there is. great truth in the staRF""^
ment—that the sailors now have none to care
for them; that they pursue lives of toil, of
trial, and of danger, for a compensation which
is almost nothing; and that their feet no
sooner touch the soil than they become the
victims of those who stand ready to prey upon
them ; who take from them fraudulently and
sometimes violently their hard earnings, and
then destroy, as far as possible, their moral,
mental, and physical powers, in order to hold
absolute control over them until they again
ship to go upon the perilous deep. Anything,
Mr. Speaker, which will do away with these
great abuses; any measure which will protect
the sailor from these exactions, these imposi-
tions, these cruel outrages which are continf
ually perpetrated upon him, will meet my
hearty support. I will go as far as any othee
gentleman in this House to secure the passage
of such a measure.
And when this bill was presented, with that
object and that title, I was disposed to favor
it, but I desired an opportunity first to ex-
amine its details, and to see the machinery
which was to be constructed under an act
containing nearly seventy long sections, that
proposed to organize an entire new official
department of the Government. I was desir-
ous of looking into the modus ■operandi by
which this great act of philanthropy was to
be carried out.
Now, sir, I have examined this bill. I have
examined it with a practical eye. The better _
part of my life was passed as a ship-owner
and a shipping merchant of the city of New
York. I have some practical acquaintance^
with this whole question, and while earnestly
desirous of protecting the seaman, I am not
in favor of passing a law impracticable of
execution, and which is really in the interest
of those who are hostile to the seaman, and
which, in my judgment, would impose unjust
and improper burdens upon the ship-owners
and' shipping merchants of this country.
It has been stated that this bill comes here
indorsed by the Chamber of Commerce of the
city of New York, and we have laid on our
tables this morning a circular which comes
from a philanthropic association, the Seamen's
Friend Society of New Y ork, in favor of its adop-
tion. I have no doubt that its representations
as far as they go are worthy of some considera-
tion, but it must not be forgotten that we have
no representation from the great body of ship-
owners and shipping merchants who are pre-
sumed to know something about such afiairs.
I have received this morning a remonstrance
against this bill from every three out of every
four of the Atlantic European ship-Owners of
New York who are engaged in this commerce,
including the names of Grinnell, Minium &
Company, William Whitlock, jr., Charles H.
Marshall & Company, and others, whose
names will be published with the memorial,
the most important American ship-owners,
ask that the memorial be read as a part of my
remarks.
The Clerk read as follows:
To ike honorable the Eoiiie of Representatives in Con-
tjrcdH assembled :
The undersigned, ship-owners, ship-master*, and
others interested in flipping, do most vespeerfuily
remonstrate against the passage ox a bill now dqioig
your honorable body, styled An act eroauni? a
board of shipping commissioners tor the mcrehant
marine/' considering the same to bo a direct inter-
ference in the private rights ot employer and eoi-
nloy£, and an "additional onerous tax upon the al-
ready overburdened tonnage ot the country, besides
