3966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
tobacco have not been able to have a hearing
here at all. The manufacturers are the only
persons the committee have had any consult-
ations with. I venture to say that the con-
sumers of tobacco are dissatisfied with this
bill and so are the producers of tobacco, and
they are the classes who ought to be consid-
ered first. The manufacturers of tobacco may
be satisfied. It is with them just as with the
manufacturers of any other production in the
country. They are the very last persons whose
views and interests ought to be considered by
the Congress of the United States.
Now, 1 warn the people of the North, the
men of capital and the manufacturers of the
country, the bankers and bondholders of the
country, that they cannot saddle this tax much
longer on the people who produce tobacco
any more than they can the tax upon beer at d
upon whiskj'. If the people of the great j
West and of the South will suffer themselves
to be yoked into the support of this Govern-
ment for the benefit of the capitalists of the
country, they are not the people I take them
to be.
Gentlemen may say that tobacco is a lux-
ury, that it is well to restrict its use in this
sountry. The people who consume it think
very differently. It is as necessary to the sup-
port of the laboring people of the South as tea
and coffee. Ay, it is more so. sir. They
will give up tea and coffee before they will give
up their tobacco. It is the luxury of every
poor man in that entire region. Nineteen
twentieths of them have a pipe and plug of
tobacco in their pockets, the negroes espe-
cially, and they do not want to surrender I his
luxury. But what have you done ? You have
selected the poorest part of the country, a
people impoverished and broken down, their
plantations laid waste, and you saddled on
them a tax last year of thirty-two cents a
pound upon smoking tobacco. I say it is
plunder, absolute plunder, and I warn you
that you may as well get ready now to make
some reduction on this tax. You cannot keep
it on at the rate you have been piling it on.
It is an outrage, and I believe, as everybody
believes who has investigated the subject, that
it is unconstiiuiional. 1 have no idea myself
that it is constitutional any more than the cot-
ton tax was.
Mr. President, I will go further and move
to amend the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa by striking the thirty two cents off plug
tobacco and make it sixteen cents as it was
last year.
Mr. CONKLING. The question now is on
Striking out the section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate is on striking out the
paragraph as amended. The committee pro-
posed to strike out "twenty" and insert
twenty-four." The Senator from Iowa
moved to strike out the whole paragraph.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is a salient point
of this bill. This and the clause about ware-
houses are perhaps the only controverted
points of the bill, and 1 wish now in the five
minutes allowed me to give the Senate the
general facts without debating the question
myself.
The present law imposes a tax of sixteen
cents on Smoking tobacco and thirty-two cents
on ehewiug tobacco. The controversy is be-
tween the plug men and the men who cut
tobacco, smokingtobacco andchewingtobacco.
The question does not affect the price of tobacco
or the producers of tobacco. During the whole
ot' this controversy we never had a single com-
plaint from any person who raised tobacco.
The interest of tobaeeo-raising is reasonably
prosperous. The question is only a struggle
between the manufacturersof tobacco, between
those who make the smoking tobacco and those
who make the chewing tobacco. The present
tax is sixteen cents on one kind and thirty-two
cents on the other.
The House of Representatives proposed to
make a uniform tax on all manufactured
tobacco of twenty cents. The effect of that
is to reduce the revenue $7,000,000. I have
the figures before me, but will not go into
details. The whole yield of the tax on tobacco
is $33,000,000. The effect of the House prop-
osition is to reduce it about seven millions.
The amendment of the Senate committee if
adopted will bring it up to within three mil-
lions of the present yield; and the contest
now is whether we will fix a uniform tax of
twenty-four cents a pound on all tobacco or
whether we will retain the two grades of sixteen
and thirty-two cents.
Upon that question the Committee on Pi-
nance heard a great many persons, pro and
con, plug men and tobacco-cutters, who spoke
in the presence of each other and spoke with
great intelligence and great ability. Some of
the speeches, I think, were creditable to them,
and they were made under a ten-minute rule
and gave us a great deal of information in a
very short time. When we came to the final
decision of this question, and the committee
were about finally deciding upon this question,
it was not a question that affected the pro-
ducer, and my own deliberate judgment was
that it was not wise under present circum-
stances to undertake to make a uniform tax,
but that it was better for the present at least
to preserve the graded tax.
Now let me say a word in regard to the gen-
eral result of the reductions made in this bill.
The bill as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives reduced the revenue $43,633,778.
The Senate committee have restored $4,000,-
000 of this by adding four cents a pound on
tobacco. The committee have added to the
repeal of taxe3 in this bill by the repeal of all
stamps, $16,500,000, but that includes the
amount proposed to be repealed by the House,
$3,600,000. The Senate committee proposes
a repeal of stamps to the amount of $12,900,-
000 more than the proposition of the House.
We have also added to the free list articles
which yield a tax of $634,254. We have pro-
posed other reductions of taxes to the amount
of $1,387,227. So that the aggregate now, as
the bill stands reported from the Committee
on Finance, would involve a reduction of
$54,555,259, and this was more than the Com-
mittee on Finance thought it was prudent to
repeal. Anxious as we were to repeal all these
taxes, we thought we could not safely go be-
yond $50,000,000. The facts upon which that
opinion was based I stated some months ago
here on the discussion of the tariff question.
If the present graded taxis retained on tobacco
of sixteen and thirty-two cents, it will restore
to the revenue $3,000,000, leaving a repeal of
$51,555,259.
I give these facts in the most general way,
simply saying that this one clause is the
salient controverted point in this whole bill.
If that is disposed of by a vote of the Senate,
there will be no trouble in disposing of the
rest of the bill. There is one other question,
in regard to the abolition of tobacco ware-
houses in the cities of New York and Phila-
delphia, that is also controverted.
Mr. MORTON. The aggregate of the re-
duction includes the tea and coffee tax taken
off by a prior bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. The reduction is $51,-
000,000 if the tobacco tax remains.
Mr. SHERMAN. Fifty-one millions if the
tobacco tax is put back where it was before.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, the
tobacco tax as it stands yields something over
thirty million dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. Thirty-three million dol-
lars.
Mr. CHANDLER. We tried a uniform
tax I think of thirty-two cents a pound, and
it yielded us on smoking tobacco in two years
$4,181,000. We then reduced the tax from
thirty-two to sixteen cents, and the first year
it yielded us $4,882,821. We have got a tax
that is absolutely perfect. Neither the pro-
ducer. the grower of tobacco, nor the con-
.sumer, complains. It is a tax tbat is easily
collectable, and surely collectable. Nobody
complains except a few manufacturers of
plug, I believe, down South. They think they
can force the use of plug tobacco into con-
sumption in place of fine-cut if they can
change this duty. Sir, it cannot be done.
We have now an absolutely perfect tax. My
friend from Iowa has hit the very spot. If
his proposition is adopted you please the pro-
ducer, you please the consumer; you save
$9,000,000, not $7,000,000 as my Mend said ;
you save more than nine million dollars to the
Treasury, and nobody is disturbed. I hope
the proposition of my friend from Iowa will
be adopted unanimously, and that that will
end the controversy.
Mr. LOGAN. I remember some few years
ago this same contest was exciting some inter-
est before the Committee of Ways and Means
of the House, and before the Committee on
Finance of the Senate. Inasmuch as but live
minutes are allowed to discuss this question,
it is impossible for any one, whether he under-
stands it or not, to undertake to elaborate it.
There is one point, however, to which I wish
to call the attention of the Senate, which I
think is an important one.
The Senator from Ohio, with whom T agree
on this question, in reference to the graded tax
suggested that the striking down of this tax
from thirty-two to twenty-four cents per pound
would reduce the revenue $3,000,000. That
suggestion of itself ought to be enough to sat-
isfy us that the proposition is wrong. It re-
duces the revenue on what? On a character of
tobacco that is of the highest price in thiscoun-
try. In other words, tobacco that is worth from
seventy-five cents to $1 75 per pound has the
tax reduced upon it to the extentof $3,000,000,
but tobacco such as I have here now lor ex-
hibition, packed up according to law, worth
four cents per pound for smoking purposes,
is increased from sixteen to twenty-four cents
per pound in order to make up that$3,000,000.
Now, instead of reducing the tax $3,000,000,
I suggest to the Senator from Ohio that he
reduces it $7,000,000. Why? Smoking to-
bacco made from stems exclusively and to-
bacco leaf including stems, upon which the
sixteen-cent tax is imposed, will be driven
entirely out of the market. Therefore you
will lose the entire tax that you receive on
that kind of tobucco, which is $4,000,000.
Is not that so?
Mr. CHANDLER. That is so.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the Senate will not
think I am professing to know a little about
everything, for I do not; bat I was raised in
a tobacco region, in southern Illinois, where
it is one of the chief products; I have con-
versed with tobacco men; I know what the
condition of the men who make this character
of tobacco is in reference to competition with
Others; I know something about it; I have
talked to them ; I have seen them manufac-
ture tobacco; I have examined it.; it is a
western manufacture. The tobacco raised in
the western country is of coarse grade, a cheap
grade of tobacco, principally used for the pur-
pose of making smoking tobacco, where you
cut the leaf and the stem altogether; or if jou
stem it for the purpose of using the leaf for
chewing tobacco or for making cigars, which
is done, you then use the stems for the pur-
pose of making what is called stem-cut smok-
ing tobacco. On that grade of tobacco they
pay sixteen cents a pound.
I have here a half pound of that tobacco
put up according to law. The cost of that
half pound of tobacco, made of stems, is two
cents. The tax on this half pound is tight
cents, makiug it worth ten cents. Now jou
increase the tax to twenty-four cents a
pound, thus putting an additional four cents
on this half pound, making it worth fourteen
cents, although the original cost of that half
