330
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 23,
Senate.
North Carolina Senatorship—31r. Carpenter.
4-2d Cong....2d Sess.
lawfully a«embled to consider of the repairs of the
church. ai.a the providing things necessary for the
due and decent celebration of divine service there-
in ; the members present agreed that repairs were
required, and that there was a want of such neces-
saries; tliey agreed that the estimates submitted by
the church wardens were reasonable, the amount
proposed proper; whereupon it became the duty
of the vestry to make provision of somesort. A
rate was duly proposed; no amendment was moved,
no modification suggested, no other rate put for-
ward; but the majority, in the strongest terms, pro-
tested against it aud against all compulsory rates.
The minority disregarded this protest, and made
the rate first proposed. This seems to us a case in
which the rule as to corporate and other elections
is properly applicable; the principle on which itis
founded directly governs it. Under the circum-
stances, there remained only a certain thing to be
done by the meeting. The parishioners were assem-
bled under competent authority lor the doing it;
they came clothed with a limited character, charged
by the law with a certain duty; whatever any of
tnein, however numerous in proportion to the re-
mainder, said or did foreign from the purpose, or
going beyond the character, or in contravention of
the duty, reckons for nothing; itis not to be counted
against the acts of those who seek to discharge their
duty; it is the speech or act of the individuals, not
of the vestrymen.
" As is so id in one of the cases, it is the same as
if they had been silent, and, being present but
silent, exactly as if they had been absent. They
must be taken to assent to what the other vestry-
men agree to, as such, in the carrying out of the pur-
pose of the meeting.
"Nor needed there any notice to be given which
was not given. No fact was unknown to the ma-
jority, the knowledge of which might have altered
their votes. The law under which they were assem-
bled, which determined their duty and the purpose
of their meeting, they must be presumed to have
known; and it is satisfactory to feel sure that they
did know it. The recency and the great notoriety
of the judgment in Yeley vs. Burderr, and thevery
language ot their protest, put this beyond a doubt.
" Neither can it be said that this is to apply a rule
of law, limited to one subject-matter, to another and
distinct class of cases. For it is not so properly to be
considered as a rule of corporation as it is one for
the ovdei i/igof all meetings assembled to deliberate and
vote on the performance of a definite duty. Wherever
the proceedings at such meetings have come in ques-
tion belore the courts of common law (and there
have been many such, vestry meetings, meeting of
turnpike trustees, parish meetings for the election
of parochial officers) the same general rules have
been applied'as grounds for deciding on their valid-
ity. The chairman or president has always been
considered ascharged to exclude irrelevant motions,
and to admit voting only upon such as are within the
purpose and competency of the meeting.
" Tne principle, indeed, may be best illustrated by
the analogy drawn from electoral meetings; but it
is in truth of a very general nature, and inseparable
from the proceedings of any assembly convened for
doing some act necessary to be done at that meet-
ing. The majority must do it; otherwise, however
necessary, it will be left undone. But what ma-
jority ? The majority of those who choose to take a
part in the proceedings of the assembly. At almost
every meeting of commissioners for executing pub-
lic works and imposing rates for the purpose, itis
probable that the resolution is formed by a small
number of those who attend, on whom the larger
number are content to rely. If it were found as a
faot that five had passed the resolution in a room
containing twenty, of whose proceedings the other
fifteen were ignorant, this would be the undoubted
act of the whole meeting, if the proceedings had
been conducted regularly, and no fraud were prac-
ticed to occasion the ignorance of the fifteen. But
suppose the twenty were convened to do an act
which the law required them to do at that time,
and the only open question was as to the mode of
doing it; a mode lawful in itself is regularly sub-
mitted; whereupon fifteen declare that, though the
law has imposed the duty on them, they entertain
so strong an objection on grounds of conscience to
the law that they refuse entirely to concur in obey-
ing it. What must be the consequences? Must the
law be set at nought and its requirements be disre-
garded, or must not those who stand aloof be con-
sidered as refusing to assist in the execution of their
duty, and leaving it to be done by the minority,
which is desirous of doing what rs right? "
Mr. President, I need not occupy the time
of the Senate by reading other decisions, be-
cause it is admitted on all sides that the decis-
ions are in harmony. No one will question
that the great chief justice of England has
laid down the common law correctly in this
opinion.
Let me repeat somewhat, for the purpose of
showing how entirely applicable this law is to
the case before us. The chief justice says
that the principle may be best illustrated by
the analogy drawn from electoral meetings,
where the minority man is entitled to the office
if the majority voted for a person known to be
disqualified; and speaking of this principle,
he says:
" It is in truth of a very general nature, and in-
separable from the proceedings of any assembly
convened for doing some act necessary to be done on
that day."
* Was not the Legislature of North Carolina
"an assembly convened for doing some act
necessary to be done on that day ? " Was not
each house of that Legislature an "assembly
couveued for doing some act necessary to be
done on that day?" A majority of all the
members elected to each house were actually
present; there was therefore a Legislature
competent to make the election ; the act of
Congress before referred to havingbeen passed
in pursuance of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States was a supreme law in North Caro-
lina, silencing every conflicting provision in
the State constitution or laws, overriding all
special orders for the transaction of business
in either house, and commanding the two
houses to make election of a Senator on that
day. The Legislature had no other discretion
in the premises than every criminal has to vio-
late the law. It was their clear, plain duty to
make an election. Some one proposed Mr.
Abbott to be a Senator. He was then known
to that Legislature to be qualified, because
they knew that he was then a member of this
body. The election proceeding, there was bat
one way to defeat his election. The majority
could defeat it in only one way, that is, by
giving their votes for some other qualified per-
son. The majority could not defeat him by
protesting against his election, nor by refusing
to vote, nor by throwing away their votes, as
they did by voting for a person known to be
disqualified.
But, Mr. President, Abbott's right to a seat
does not depend solely upon the principles of
the common law. The act of Congress before
quoted has adopted these principles in lan-
guage which cannot be misunderstood. Bear-
ing in mind that a majority of all the members
elect of both houses were " actually present,"
and that the act of Congress made it their im-
perative duty to elect, and that in obedience to
this act they proceeded to an election, with
the result before mentioned, let us turn again
to the act of Congress, which provides as fol-
lows :
" Each House shall openly, by a viva voce of each
member present, name one person for Senator, &e„
and the name of the person so voted for who shall
have a majority of the whole number of votes cast
In each House shall be entered on the journal, &c."
Is it not manifest that this provision was
drawn for the express purpose of adopting
the common-law principle 1 It must be pre-
sumed that the decisions in regard to elec-
tions were well known to the members of
Congress when this act was passed, and that
they knew it was well settled by those decis-
ions that in such an election the person re-
ceiving a majority of legal votes cast is deemed
elected without regard to whether the votes
given for him are those of a majority or a
minority of the whole electoral body. Now
what could have been intended, except the
adoption of this principle, by the act of
Congress which declares that "the name
of the person so voted for who shall have a
majority of the whole number of votes cast in
each house shall be entered on the journal,"
&C.1 This statute declares in express words
the principle of the English cases; and how
it can be maintained that this statute, read in
the light of the common law, requires, to make
an election, that the person voted for shall re-
ceive not only a majority of all the votes cast,
which is what the act does declare, but also
that the majority of votes cast for him shall
be a majority of all the votes which the elec-
toral body is competent to cast, which the act
of Congress does not declare, passes my com-
prehension. If Congress by this act intended,
when treating of an election by the two houses
on the first day, to establish a principle differ-
ent from that of the common law, why did they
not employ language indicating such a pur-
pose, and why did they, in express words, re-
enact the common law ? • This view of the sub-
ject is greatly strengthened by the fact that in
the same section, regulating the (.'lection by
a different body, it is declared that the person
having a majority of all the votes of the As-
sembly, " a majority of all the members elect
being present and voting, shall be declared
duly elected."
Let nae read again the well-settled canon
of statutory construction. Dwarris on Stat-
utes, (Potter's edition, 1871,) 198, says :
" It is a safe method of interpreting statutes to
give effect to the particular words of the enacting
clauses. For when the Legislature in the same sen-
tence uses different words, the courts of law will
presume that they were used in order to express
different ideas. So, if there be a material alteration
in the language used in the different clauses, it is to
be inferred that the Legislature knew how to use
terms applicable to the subject-matter. ' The sev-
eral inditing and penning of the different branches,'
said the judges in Edrick's case, 'doth argue that
the mal«3r did intend a difference of the purviews
and remedies."'
Applying this rule of construction to the
statute before us, treating two different sub-
jects, one an election by the two Houses, and
the other an election by a different body
created by the act, we find that in relation
to one the common-law rule is adopted in
express words, and in regard to the other a
totally different rule is adopted, for reasons
existing in the latter and not in the former
case. He must be a bold man who will lay so
ruthless a hand upon this statute as to say that
in the first case Congress meant exactly the
reverse of what they said ; expressed, too, in
language free from ambiguity, and therefore
affording.no opportunity for construction.
Chief Justice Marshall says when the language
of an act is plain there is no office for con-
struction. Construction is necessary where
the language is doubtful; but to apply it to
plain language, and force from it a meaning
which the words employed do not express, is
legislation, not construction.
Mr. President, I am aware that only the
cool mind is fitto judge. I feel and admit that
the contest in the committee over this ques-
tion and the warmth of debate in the Senate
tend to inflame the feelings and disturb the
judgment of those who have paitieipated in
such contest and discussion ; and while I
cheerfully accord to my honorable and "dearly
beloved" friend from Ohio [Mr. Thurman]
the same honesty of conviction that I claim
for myself, yet I cannot repress my astonish-
ment that he, a lawyer, a some time chief
justice of a great State, should take the view
of this subject which he has so zealously, so
ably, and with such evident effect urged upon
the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to inquire, if it
does not interrupt my friend, because I am
listening to him with great pleasure, whether
his argument does not carry us a little too far?
If these legislators on that day had not known
that Vance was ineligible, and had voted for
him, the election would have been just as void
as to Yance as if they had known it. There-
fore, supposing the members of the Legisla-
ture to have been ignorant of Vance's dis-
ability, they would, according to the precedents
which have been cited and according to the
argument of my friend, taking the whole of it
together,Tjave prevented the election of Abbott,
and would not have succeeded in electing any-
body else, because their votes would have
been just as void cast without knowledge as
with. I believe all the cases will show that;
that is, their votes would be ineffectual to elect
