382
THE OOJ^GrKESSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
January 15,
another skin.- This denial is memorable, not
only from the rank but the character of the
victim. Ofblameless life, hewas an example
of integrity. He was poor, but could not be
bought or bribed. Duty with him was more
than riches. A fortune was offered for his
signature; but he spumed the temptation.
And yet this model character, high in the
confidence of his fellow-citizens and in the full
enjoyment of political power, was doomed to
suffer the blasting influence which still finds
support in this Chamber. He is dead at last
and bnried with official pomp. The people
counted by tens of thousands thronged the
streets while his obsequies proceeded. An
odious discrimination was for the time sus-
pended. In life rejected by the conductor of
a railway because of his skin, he was borne to
his last resting-place with all the honors an
afflicted community could bestow. Only in
his coffin was the ban of color lifted and the
dead statesman admitted to that equality which
is the right of all.
REQUIREMENT OP EEPOBLICAJ INSTITUTIONS.
These are famous instances; but they are
types. If Frederick Douglass and Oscar James
Dunn could be made to suffer, how much must
others be called to endure. All alike, the
feeble, the invalid, the educated, the refined,
women as well as men, are shut out from the
ordinary privileges of the steamboat or rail-
car, and driven into a vulgar sty with smokers
and rude persons, where the conversation is
as offensive as the scene, and then again at
the road-side inn are denied that shelter and
nourishment without which travel is impossi-
ble. Do you doubt this constant, wide spread
outrage, extending'in uncounted ramifications
throughout the whole land? With sorrow be
it said, it reaches everywhere, even into Mas-
sachusetts. Not a State which does not need
the benign correction. The evidence is on
your table in numerous petitions. And there
is other evidence, already presented by me,
showing how individuals have suffered from
this plain denial of equal rights. Who that has
a heart can listen to the story without indigna-
tion and shame? Who with a spark of justice
to illumine his soul can hesitate to denounce
tne wrong? Who that rejoices in republican
institutions will not help to overthrow the
tyranny by which they are degraded?
I do not use too strong language when I
expose this tyranny as a degradation to repub-
lican institutions; ay, sir, in its fundamental
axiom. Why is the Declaration of Independ-
ence our Magna Charta? Not because it de-
clares separation from a distant kingly power;
but because it announces the lofty truth that
all are equal in rights, and as a natural con-
sequence that just government stands only on
the consent of the governed, and these are
held to be self evident. Here is the soul of
republican institutions, without which a lie-
public is a failure, a mere name and nothing
more. Call it a Republic if you will, but it is
in reality a soulless mockery.
_ Equality in rights is not only the first of
rights ; it is an axiom of political truth. But
an axiom, whether of science or philosophy,
is universal and without exception or limit-
ation ; and this is according to the very law
of its nature. Therefore, it is no axiom to
announce grandly that all white men are equal
in rights, nor is it an axiom to announce with
ihe same grandeur that all persons are equal
in rights, but colored persons have no rights
except to testify and vote. Nor is it a self-
evident truth, as declared, for no truth is self-
evident which is not universal. The asserted
limitation destroys the original Declaration,
making it a ridiculous sham, instead of that
sublime Magna Charta before which Kings,
nobles, and all inequalities of birth must dis-
appear as ghosts of night at the dawn.
GREAT ISSUE OF THE WAR.
All this has additional force when it is known
that this very axiom and self-evident truth
declared by our fathers was the great issue of
the war, and was so recognized by the leaders
on both sides. Behind the embattled armies
were ideas, and the idea on our side was
Equality in rights, which on the other side was
denied. The Nation insisted that all men are
created equal; the Rebellion insisted that all
men are created unequal. Here the evidence
is explicit.
The inequality of men was an original pos-
tulate of Mr. Calhoun, which found final ex-
pression in the open denunciation of the self-
evident truth as a "self-evident lie." Echo-
ing this denunciation Jefferson Davis, on leav-
ing the Senate, January 21, 1861, in that fare-
well speech which some among you heard, but
which all may read in the Globe, made the
issue in these words:
" It has been a belief that we are to be deprived
in the Union of the rights which our fathers be-
queathed to us, which has brought Mississippi into
ner present decision. She has heard proclaimed the
theory that all men are created free and equal, and this
made the basis for attack upon her social institutions ;
and the sacred Declaration of Independence has been
invoked to maintain the position of the equality of the
races."—Congressional Globe, p. 487, Thirty-Sixth
Congress, second session.
The issue thus made by the chief rebel
was promptly joined. Abraham Lincoln, the
elected President, stopping at Independence
Hall, February 22, on his way to the national
capital, in unpremeditated words, thus inter-
preted the Declaration:
"It was that which gave promise that in our time
the weight should be lifted from the shoulders of all
men, and that all should have an equal chance
Mark, if you please, the simplicity of this
utterance. All are to have u an equal chance,"
and this lie said **is the sentiment embodied
in the Declaration of Independence." Then,
in reply to -Jefferson Davis; he proceeded ;
"Now, my friends, can this country bo saved on
this basis? If it can I shall consider myself one of
the happiest men in the world if I can help save it.
It it cannot be saved upon that principle, it will be
trully awful. But if this country cannot be saved
without giving up that principle I \vas about to say
I would rather be assassinated on the spot."
Giving these words still further solemnity,
he added:
"I have said nothing but what I am willing to
live by. and, it it be the pleasure of Almighty God, to
die by."
And then before raising the national banner
over the historic Hall, he said :
" It is on suoli an occasion as this that we can rea-
son together, reaffirm our devotion to the country
and the principles of the Declaration of Independ-
ence."
Thus the gauntlet flung down by Jefferson
Davis was taken up by Abraham Lincoln, who
never forgot the issue.
The rejoinder was made by Alexander H.
Stephens, Vice President-of the Rebellion, in a
not-to-be forgotten speech at Savannah, March
21, 1801, when he did not hesitate to declare
of the pretended government that " its found
ations are laid, its corner-stone rests upon
the great truth _ that the negro is not equal to
the tchite man." Then glorying in this terri-
ble shame, lie added: "This, our new Govern-
ment, is the first in the history of the world
based upon the great physical, philosophical
and moral truth." "This stone which was
rejected by the first builders is become the
chief stone of the corner."
To this unblushing avowal Abraham Lincoln
replied in that marvelous, und}'ing utterance
at Gettysburg, fitvoice for the Republic, greater
far than any victory, when he said:
"Pour score and seven years ago our fathers
brought forth upon this continent a now nation
concerned -in Liberty and dedicated to the proposition
that all men, are created equal,"
Thus, in precise conformity with the Declar-
ation, was it announced that our Republic is
dedicated to the Equal Rights of all, and then,
the prophet President, soon to be a martyr,
asked his countrymen to dedicate themselves
to the great task remaining, highly resolving,
" that this nation under God shall have a new
birth of Freedom, and that government of the
people, by the people and for the people, shall
not perish from the earth."
The victory of the war is vain without the
grander victory through which the Republic is
dedicated to the axiomatic, self-evident truth
declared by our fathers, and asserted by Abra-
ham Lincoln.
All this is so plain that it is difficult to argue
it. What is the Republic if it fails in this
loyalty? What is the national Government,
coextensive with the Republic, if fellow cit-
izens counted by the million can be shut out
from equal rights in travel, in recreation, in
education, and in other things, all contributing
to human necessities? Where is that great
promise by which the "pursuit of happiness"
is placed with life and liberty, under the safe-
guard of axiomatic self-evident truth? Where
is justice if this ban of color is not promptly
removed?
TWO EXCUSES.
The two excuses show how irrational and
utterly groundless is this pretension. They
are on a par with the pretension itself. One
is that the question is of society and not of
rights, which isclearlyamisrepresentation ; and
the other is that, the separate arrangements
provided for colored persons constitute a sub-
stitute for equality in the nature of an equiva-
lent; all of which is clearly a contrivance, if
not a trick, as if there could be any equivalent
for equality.
NO QUESTION OP SOCIETY.
Of this first excuse it is difficult to speak
with patience. It is a simple misrepresent-
ation, and wherever it shows itself must be
treated as such. There is no colored person
who does not resent the imputation that he is
seeking to intrude himself socially anywhere.
This is no question of society ; no question of
social life ; no question of social equality,
if anybody knows what this means. The
object is simply Equality before the law, a
term which explains itself. Now, as the law
does not presume to create or regulate social
relations, these are in no respect affected by
the pending measure. Each person, whether
Senator or citizen, is always free to choose who
shall be his friend, his associate, his guest.
And does not the ancient proverb declare
that a man is known by the company he keeps?
But this assumes that he may choose for him-
self. His house is his "castle;" and this very
designation, borrowed from the common law,
shows his absolute independence within its
walls; nor is there any difference, whether it
be palace or hovel ; but when he leaves his
'' castle " and goes abroad, this independence
is at an end. He walks the streets ; but he is
subject to the prevailing law of Equality ; nor
can he appropriate the sidewalk to his own
exclusive use, driving into thegutter all whose
skin is less white than his own. But nobody
pretends that Equality in the highway, whether
on pavement or sidewalk, is a question of
society. And, permit me to say, that Equality
in all institutions created or regulated by law,
is as little a question of society.
In the days of Slavery, it was an oft-repeated
charge, that Emancipation was a measure of
social equality and the same charge became
a cry at the successive efforts for the right to
testify and the right to vote. At each stage
the cry was raised, and now it makes itself
heard again, as you are called to assure this
crowning safeguard.
EQUALITY NOT POUND IN EQUIVALENTS.
Then comes the other excuso, which finds
Equality in separation. Separate hotels, sep-
arate convejanees, separate theaters, separate
Schools, separate institutions of learning and
science, separate churches, and separate cem-
eteries—these are the artilic:al substitutes for
Equality; and this is the contrivance by which
a transcendent right, involving a transcendent
duty, is evaded; for Equality is not only a right
but a duty.
How vain to argue that there is no denial of
