2174;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4.
creating a horde of needless officeholders over our
vast sea-board.
They also represent that by the terms of the pro-
posed bill all vessels of the burden of seventy-five
tons and upward, and bound to foreign ports, or
to ports on the Pacific coast, are required to ship
their crews and pay them off before the shipping
commissioners, which would embraceour West India
shipping, and South American mailsteamers, besides
numerous sailing vessels, the captains of which ship
their own crews on board, and pay them off at the
expiration of the voyage, while on hoard of the
steamers it is done by the pursers. The bill also
converts the shipping commissioners' office into a
legal tribunal, conferring upon the commissioners
judicial powers never before heard of in the history
of our country.
They also represent that the said bill is a counter-
part of the present shipping: act of Great Britain,
which, although it may be enforced as a monarchical
law for British vessels, would fail in its objects here
as a republican measure for American vessels; that
it would be a fertile source of embarrassment and
delay in the dispatching of vessels, without affording
the relief to seamen which it is alleged its provis-
ions would accomplish, and it would also give rise to
mutinous conduct on the part of the crew, which
■would lead to all kinds of expensive and vexatious
suits at law.
They also represent that the Congress of these
United States has, since the organization ot the
Government, passed good and wholesome laws for
the government and regulation of seamen in the
merchant service, many of which would be rendered
nugatory and void by the passage of the bill referred
to, and by which laws, if any wrong is done to sea-
fen, either at sea or on shore, our local, State, and
ederal courts are required to .ifford them the
amplest relief, consistent with principles of equity
and justice. The undersigned believe that with the
"United States laws already in existence, regulating
the merchant marine, a simple enactment, fixing
the fees for shipping to be paid by the owners, and
making it a penal offense for any person to charge
a seaman tor shipping* would cover the whole
ground of this obnoxious bill.
C. H. MARSHALL & CO., 38 Burling Slip.
W. NELSOft, Jr., 24 Old Slip.
THOMAS DUNHAM'S NEPHEW & CO.,
63 South utreet.
BRETT. SON k CO., 43 South street.
SNOW A BURGESS. fib South xtreet.
330YJJ & 111NCKEN.3 Wi lliam street.
GKINNELL, M1NTURN & CO.,
78 South street,
TAPSCOTT, BItOS. k CO., 86 South utreet.
E. E. MORGAN'S SONS, 70 South street.
R. W. CAMERON & CO.,
23 South William street.
FUNCH, EDYE & CO., 27 South William street.
PETER I. NEVIUS k HONS, 11 South afreet.
11. 1>. k J. U. BROCKMAN, 37 South street.
JAMES E. WARD k CO., 113 Wall street.
C. COMSTOCK k CO., 106 Wall street.
CHARLES L. WRIGHT k CO..
56 South street.
J. B. PHILLIPS & SONS, 56 South street.
SUTTON & CO., 117 Wall*t*Cft.
GEO. HOWES & CO., 117 Wall street.
FRANCIS SPIES <fc CO., 6(> South street.
CYRUS E. STAPLES A CO., GO South street.
T. B. GAG MR, 07 South street.
W. T. FROST, 68 Smith street.
S. L. MERCHANT & CO., 76 South street.
J. E. WHl'lNliY k CO., lltii ihoudway.
HAND k SWAN, 77 South street.
PRA.Y k DJCKMNS 107 South street.
BUNTLEY, MILLER & CO., 84 South street.
FRANCIS MORAN, 81 South utreet.
JAMES DOUGLASS, 83 South utreet.
VERNON II. BROWN k CO., 06 South street.
SIMPSON, CLAPP k CO., 118 Wall street.
TUPPER & BEATTIE, 114 Wall street.
RACKETT k. BROTHER. 114 Wall street.
YATES & PORTER1UELD, 115 Wall itrevt.
JOHN CilRYSTAii, 43 South street.
JAMES REED, Uark A. Norris
8. 0 LOUD & CO.. 109 Wall street.
SMITH ^ CI IASE, 5l2 South street,
II. W. JACKSON, 40 Sou'lt street.
J. ATKINS k, CO., 3S South street.
A. G. H1GGINS, 38 South street.
EVANS, BALL & CO., 36 South street.
STURGES CO., 31 South street.
B. J. WENBERG, 31 Old Slip.
WAYDELL & CO., 21 Old Slip.
PEABODY. WILLIS & CO., 122 Front street.
H LCKS A' BELL, bS South street.
VAN BRUNT & BRO., 78 South street.
SALTER & LIVERMORE,
114 and 115 South street.
THOMPSON & HUNTER. 50 S<mth street.
WM. W1I1TLOCK, Jr., 46 South street.
Kew York, April 2, 1872.
Mr. WOOD. That is signed by every lead-
ing ship-owner—the men who are recognized,
not only in this country, but in Europe, to be
the leading American houses engaged in the
foreign commerce of th.s country. I have
already mentioned the names of G-rmnell, Min-
turn & Co.j of Charles H. Marshall & Co., of
Sutton & Co., of F. Scott & Co., and of William
Whitlock, jr., who established the original line
of steamships to Havre, which he has main-
tained for thirty years. These ate the chief
merchants and ship-owners of New York—
men who have no interest in this matter, aside
from the advancement of the commerce of the
country and the interest of the nation. These
men have thus remonstrated against the pas-
sage of this bill.
1 will now send to the desk, to be read, a
letter received from a retired ship-owner, who
at one time owned more tonnage than any other
merchant of New York.
The Clerk read as follows :
New York, March 24,1872.
My Dear Sir: Since I wrote you I have care-
fully examined the bill, and while believing that
many ot its provisions are good, I think that there
is so much machinery about it as to render it impos-
sible to carryout theobjects lor which itisintended.
I am told that it is a transcript, almost word for
word, from the shipping act of Great Britain, and
this would seem to be the tact, as the British ship-
ping articles now used by her Majesty'b Government
(one of which I send you) I have compared with a
section in the bill, and find it copied therefrom ver-
batim, as you will see yourself. It is undeniable
that seamen require more protection on ship-board
and when in foreign countries. For instance, the
wages of seamen 111 nearly all ports of the United
States rule as high as Irom thirty to forty dollars per
month, while in the ports of the United Kingdom of
Great Britain they very rarely exceed £2 10s., or
$12 50 United States currency. There is always a
motive, therefore, to get rid of American seamen
abroad, because those who ship iu their places can
be had at the rates stated. At ports on the continent
of Europe, also, thewagesrarely.it ever, exceed fit-
teen dollars per month m United States currency,and
consequently there is too much of a disposition on
the part ot ship-owners and ship-masters to get rid
of American seamen. Our consuls will always wink
at "desertions," as they are termed, so long as they
receive a compensation for shipping men in place
of deserters. They should be held to a more strict
accountability, and should not be permuted to re-
ceive any lee whatever lor shipping seauicn.
In addition to which, I think that an act should
be passed requiring all American ships leaving any
port in Europe bound to the United States, say
Irom the 1st ot November to the 1st of April, to have
on board a " slop-chest," or else requiring the master
to seo that every seaman is supplied with good and
sufficient clothing to enable him to withstand the
exposure to which ho is subjected while crossing the
western ocean durmg the period named; tor, as is
now the case, seamen are taken on boaid m Euro-
pean ports destitute of clothing, and consequently
have nothing to protect them from the weather.
They become benumbed with cold while on the yards,
are unable to hold on, and drop into the sea and
perish. There is scarcely a ship that arrives during
the months of December, January, February, and
March, but loses more or less men irom the causes
stated. Ships should also be required during the
period named to havesto ves in their torecastles where
the worn-out sailor could recuperate his exhausted
physical powers after a long, cold watch. And to
give additional protection to our seamen when ship-
pmgin ports in the United States, the masterorcow-
manding officer of every vessel should be lequired
to muster all his crew before sailing, and ask each
seaman in the presence ot witnesses whether he had
voluntarily signed theshippmg articles andreceived
his advanced wages as charged thereon; and also,
it should be made a penal offense tor any person to
take or receive any additional compensation for
shipping or discharging seamen other than that paid
by the merchants or owners; and the fees should be
regulated bylaw also. It should turther be declared
a misdemeanor for the commanders ot vessels or any
other peison to put or receive on board a sailor while
intoxicated.
Congress has at various times since the formation
of our Government passed laws tor the better pro-
tection of seamen m the merchant service. And it
would seem to have almost exhausted its ingenuity
m devising measures tor their relief, as you will
perceive by the accompanying American shipping
article, to which I beg leave to c.ill your attention,
and by which you will observe how caieluiiy Con-
gress has thrown around the sailor safeguards l'or
his protection at home and abroad.
^ Now, it a law is pabsed by Congress on this sub-
ject, it should embrace the propositions 1 have
given you, and should be original in its character,
and pot copied irom a British enactment, which
cannot be successfully carried out in this country,
and is entirely unsuited tor the requirements of the
American mercantile marine.
I noticed a short tuuu since, in reading over the
proceedings of the House ot Commons, that one of
its members signified his intention of moving for the
repeal of the shipping act. Many ship-masters
with whom I have conversed have pronounced the
law m England a failure so far as the shipping of
seamen is concerned. Why, then, should a British
law be ingratted on tho laws ot the United states
when it is about being abandoned by the govern-
ment in which it originated, and we by an act of
our own Representatives be forced to accept the cast-
off garments of our neutral friend, the insatiable
John Bull?
Agreeably to your request, I have given you my
private views upon this subject, for your own guid-
ance. and not lor publication. I would further add ,
that if any wrong is done to seamen at any place in
tho United States, that the courts are always open to
him for redress, which ho is always sure to receive,
almost in preference to any other class of citizens;
as, from his naturally reckless and improvident char-
acter, he ever is sure to awaken and enlist the sym-
pathies of our people in his behalf.
I am. dear sir, very truly and respectfully, your
obedient servant, _ ^
Hon. Fernando "Wood.
Mr WOOD. I flow desire to state some-
what succinctly the objections to which, to my
mind, the bill is open on its face, and then to
state the remedies necessary to relieve our
sailors from the difficulties from which we are
desirous to relieve them.
The bill, in the first place, proposes to ap-
point an indefinite number of commissioners.
It creates an indefinite number of officials,
who, while they are paid out of the public
Treasury, are permitted to receive enormous-
fees, which come out of the pockets of the
ship-owner partly, but which mostly, and in
fact, come out of the pockets of the sailor
himself. I object to the creation of so many
officers, to begin with.
Secondly, I object to the mode of appoint-
ment of these officers The bill proposes to
give to certain courts of the United States the
power to appoint one or more commissioners.
Now, sir, I do not believe that judicial officers
are qualified for the discharge of executive
duties. I do not believe, however pure and
however able a judge may be in the discharge
of his official duties, that he is the best quali-
fied officer to select men to discharge duties
outside both of his profession and of his offi-
cial position. So far as the city of New York
is concerned, this has proved a failure.
Under an existing act of Congress the duty
was imposed on our circuit court judge of
selecting supervisors and inspectors or elec-
tions. And although the incumbent of that
office, Judge Woodruff, is as pure a man and,
I may add, as able a judge as sits upon the
bench j although in his capacity as a judge and
as a jurist no man questions either his ability
or his integrity, yet in the discharge of the
duty imposed on him by act of Congress to
select supervisors and inspectors of election
he made a most shameful and lamentable fail-
ure. Without knowing the individuals him-
self, he relied on others to tell him whom to
appoint; and he appointed for that duty men
who had been in the State prison, and gradu-
ates not only from the State prison, but from
the very worst establishments in the purlieus
of the city of New York—men who had no
reputation and no character and no morals
and no standing. Such were the men whom
this judge, in the discharge of the duty im-
posed on him, innocently appointed as super-
visors and inspectors of elections.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am apprehensive that
were we to impose this great and responsible
duty upon him again, of appointing these com-
missioners to sit in judgment over all the rela-
tions between the ship and the sailor, between
the owner and the occupant, who would hold
the absolute control of the destiny of every
vessel that left the port of New York under
the American flag, I am apprehensive, sir,
that he may be subject to the same influences,
and again do that which would not certainly
increase his reputation. Therefore, sir, 1 am
opposed to this mode of appointment of these
commissioners.
Thirdly, sir, I am opposed to the great
power which it is proposed to give them.
They are to be judieial officers They are to
receive enormous fees. No vessel can get its
crew except its master goes to the commis-
sioner to procure 4hem. The commissioner
would thus be clothed with great political
power. livery sailors' boarding-house and
every establishment for saiiors in every sea-
port in the United States would be at the
beck and call and dependent entirely upon
these shipping commissioners, who would
have absolute control over their private affairs
and business.
