1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1279
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
House now adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to have printed au amendment which 1 desire
to offer to this bill.
Objection was made.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand that ob-
jection is "made to merely printing an amend-
ment/
The SPEAKER. Objection is made by sev-
eral members. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] that the House now adjourn.
Mr. RUSK. I wish to inquire of the Chair
what will be the position of this bill should
the motion to adjourn be now agreed to?
The SPEAKER. The pending question
upon the bill is upon ordering it to be read a
third time, and on that question the previous
question has been seconded and the main
question ordered. Should the House now
adjourn, this bill would come up for consid-
eration again immediately after the reading
of the Journal to-morrow, aud it would hold
its position as unfinished business until dis-
posed of in some way by the House.
Mr. RUSK. 1 am willing to adjourn now,
as it is so late, and the bill can be disposed
of to-morrow.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they hadexam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (S. No. 392) to set apart a certain
tract of land lying near the headwaters of the
Yellowstone river as a public park ;
An act (S. No. -123) for the relief of Julia
A. Smith ;
An act (S. No. 550) to constitute Shreve-
port, in the State of Louisiana, a port of de-
livery ;
An act (H. R. No. 213) to authorize the
issuing of a certificate of registry to the brig
Michael and Anna;
An act (H. R. No. 1074) to provide for the
survey of the harbor and river at Washing-
ton, District of Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. 1333) to amend section
thirty-five of an act to reduce internal taxes,
and for other purposes ; and
An act (H. R. No. 1417) for the relief of
George W. Morse.
custom-house at newport, iuiode island.
Mr. EAMES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a letter from the acting superintending
architect in regard to repairing the custom-
house at Newport, Rhode Island, with an esti-
mate of the cost of the work required ; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
refunding cotton' tax.
Mr. YOUNG, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial of the joint committee of
the Legislature of the State of Georgia to the
Congress of the United States in relation to
refunding the cotton tax ; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
agricultural colleges.
Mr. TERRY. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce for reference and printing a bill to
provide for the further endowment and sup-
port of colleges lor the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts, and the liberal and
practical education of the industrial classes
in the several pursuits and professions in
life, as es!ablished under an act of Congress,
approved July 2, 1862.
The SPEAKER. Is there any pressing
necessity for the introduction of this bill at
this time?
Mr. TERRY. There is a bill of this char-
acter now pending before the Senate. I desire
to introduce this bill now and have it referred,
so that the committee may have an opportunity
to examine it and be ready to report by the
time the bill comes to us from the Senate.
Mr. SARGENT. I object to the introduc-
tion of this bill, because it proposes to extend
what I consider to be a very bad policy.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I call for the
regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the question recurs upon the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield]
that the House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at five o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees i
By Mr. AMBLER: The petition of Uriah
Thomas and 22 others, citizens of Columbiana
county, Ohio, and Union soldiers during the
late war, praying the passage of an act grant-
ing to each honorably discharged Union sol-
dier in said war one hundred and sixty acres
of the public lands, without requiring settle-
ment thereon.
By Mr. AMES: The petition of L. M.
Child and others, for an appropriation for the
removal of obstructions to free navigation now
existing in the channel of Hingham harbor.
By Mr. ARCHER: The remonstrance of
Henry A. Lucas, type-founder, and 23 others,
workers in his establishment in the city of
Baltimore, Maryland, against any change in
the tariff laws abating the duties on printing
types, now successfully produced in American
founderies, and praying a repeal of all duties
on the raw materials used in the production of
type, namely, tin, antimony, and type-metal,
so that home industries may be fostered and
defended.
By Mr. AVERILL: The petition of certain
newspaper printers in Minnesota, asking addi-
tional mail facilities.
By Mr. BRAXTON: Thepetition of Charles
H. Lee, of Virginia, asking the removal of his
political disabilities.
Also, the petition of II. W. Ashton, of
Fauquier county, Virginia, asking the removal
of his political disabilities.
By Mi-. COB URN: The remonstrance of
citizens of Marion county, Indiana, against the
renewal of the patent of L. Langstreth for a
movable-comb bee-hive.
By Mr. DONNAN: The petition of Jona-
than Foster and many others, soldiers, asking
a law by Congress equalizing bounties and
granting bounty lands to soldiers and sailors
in the service of th« United States for the
suppression of the rebellion.
By Mr. EAMES: The petition of James
Y. Smith and others, citizens of Providence,
Rhode Island, for an increase of the compen-
sation of letter-carriers.
By Mr. KELLEY: The remonstrance of
Samuel Starr. M. D., and 34 others, workers
in various mercantile and professional pur-
suits of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, against
the change in the tariff laws abating the duties
on articles successfully produced in this coun-
try, urged by the Free-Trade League, and pray-
ing the repeal of all duties on tea, coffee, and
such other articles as cannot be produced in
the United States, and also such an adjust-
ment of duties as will encourage and defend
every home industry and foster the honor and
interest of the American laborer.
Also, the petition of Thomas Clyde and 25
others, ship-owners and merchants of Phila-
delphia, praying that Congress will make such
an appropriation as maybe necessary to protect
the lives and property of those engaged in the
commerce of the port of Philadelphia.
By Mr. MANSON: The memorial of James
H. Wright, James H. Graves, James W. Cook,
William H. Smith, James W. Thompson, and
46 others, all soldiers in the late war to sup-
press the rebellion, and 53 others, citizens of
Portland Mills, Indiana, praying the speedy
enactment by Congress of House bill No. 462,
introduced by Mr. Maxson, to grant bounty
lands to soldiers who served in the said war,
and to the widows aud children of such as
have died.
Also, the memorial of Abram Patterson,
William C. Cook, Thomas M. C. Benner, G.
V. Payton, and 85 others, all soldiers in the
late war to suppress the rebellion, praying the
speedy enactment by Congress of a law giving
$8 33^- per month lor the entire time served,
deducting all Government bounty heretofore
paid: and also of a law to grant bounty lands
to soldiers who served in said war, and to the
widows and children of suchas have died.
By Mr. MAYNARD: The petition of Ben- '
jamin Fahnstock. for damage done his prop-
erty by the United States.
Also, the memorial of William H. Kirk,
postmaster at Maryville, Tennessee, praying
to be reimbursed for losses by lire.
Also, the petition of 05 distillers, rectifiers,
and wholesale liquor dealers of Tennessee,
asking a consolidation of the tax on distilled
spirits.
Also, thepetition of Lieutenant R. M. Den-
ning, of Kingston, Tennessee, for compensa-
tion for loss of two horses and equipments at
the battle of Chickamauga.
By Mr. PERRY, of Ohio: The petition of
R. M. Bishop & Go. and many other firms
and individuals, for a specific and uniform
rate of duty on sugar.
By Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania: The peti-
tion of John Myers, publisher of the Mount-
ain Echo, of Johnstown, Pennsylvania, for an
amendment to the postal laws authorizing the
transportation through the mail of newspapers
printed on one side, at the minimum rates
charged on papers to subscribers and pack-
ages to newsdealers.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of
Lewis Hoelte and 64 others, soldiers of the late
war for the Union, praying an equalization of
bounties and amendments of the homestead
law.
By Mr. STOUGHTON: The petitiou of 52
citizens of Pennsylvania, late soldiers in the
Army of the United States, asking the passage
of a law providing for the equalization of boun-
ties at $8 33-J per month.
Also, the petition of 10 citizens of Michigan,
late solders, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of H. Egabroad, editor of
the Centreville Republican, asking an amend-
ment of the law relating to carrying newspapers.
By Mr. WALDRON : The petition of John
J. Munger and 50 others, soldiers, of Dun-
dee, Michigan, for the • passage of an act
authorizing a bounty of $8 33J per month
for the time served, after deducting all Gov-
ernment bounty heretofore received.
j'ost route DILL introduced.
The following bill was int.rod;n'ed under
the rule, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post tioads:
By Mr. AMBLER: A bill to establish
post roads from St. Clair to Calcutta, and
from Knoxville to Bowling Green, in the
State of Ohio.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 20, 1872.
Prayer by Rev.-C. Adams, D. D., of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read aud approved.
ku klux repokts.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate the following concurrent resolution of the
House of Representatives ; which was referred
to the Committee on Printing:
llesolved by the House of licprcsentatives of the
United States, (the Senate concurring,) That there
be printed of the majority and minority reports of
