1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3$67
pound of tobacco was but two cents. That
illustrates the character of the tax that the
House has placed upon tobacco. In other
words, it is taking the tax off the tobacco that
the rich man uses and putting it on the tobacco
that the poor miner, the laboring man, and the
black man consume, it'belongs to that char-
acter of legislation, to which we are so much
tending, which makes the poor pay the taxes
and lets the rich have all the luxuries.
Instead of bringing down the revenue
$3,000,000, you drivetEis character of tobacco
entirely from the market. In fact, your bill
as it comes from the House, and as reported
from the Senate committee, drives every man
ufacture of tobacco in the West from the
market, and gives Virginia, Kentucky, and
Connecticut the entire control of the tobacco
market of the United States. That is the
effect of this bill, and none other, if you put
a tax of twenty-four cents per pound on this
kind of tobacco, which costs but four cents a
pound, the tax being twenty-four cents, then
a pound of stem smoking tobacco would cost
twenty-eight cents. You commence with a
pound of tobacco worth four cents, and you
tax the poor miner who smokes that in his
lit!le hut twenty-four cents, making him pay
twenty-eight cents for four cents' worth of to-
bacco The rich man who uses James river
tobacco, and pays $1 T5 a pound for it, pays
twenty-lour cents on $1 75 worth of tobacco,
while you make the poor man who smokes
this kind pay twenty-four cents on four cents'
worth of tobacco. There is the difference.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy ) It becomes the duty of the Chair to
state to the Senator that his five minutes have
expired,
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President, there
is a very decided difference of opinion touch-
iug the subject of tobacco, and always has
been. I am clearly in favor of the amend-
ment. Why? If no other reason prompted
me to arrive at the conclusion that it was a good
one, it would be the appearance of my dis-
tinguished fiiend from Illinois in this debate,
armed and equipped, aa he was. How is it
that he is equipped on this occasion ? Hashe
gone into the market and made purchases for
tliis exhibition to test the various qualities of
tobacco? [Laughter.] Senators here are too
old not to know how those little things are
worked up. [Laughter.] Interested parties
not far from the Senator here may have spoken
to him on this subject. There was a lever at
work there, that is an all-powerful one, that
prompted that exhibition. Who is to foot the
bill contemplated in that, exhibition? [Laugh-
ter.] My fiiend stands forth here as the pro-
tector of the poor man. In his extreme
anxiety he lias got tobacco down there to two
cents per pound.
Mr. LOG-AN. Oh, no.
Mr. FLANAGAN. What is it?
Mr. LOGAN. Two cents for this package,
a half pound of stem tobacco.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Four cents a pound.
I am very glad to meet the Senator on that
p#int. Now, sir, I challenge him to take a
New York paper or any other that he can find
giving the quotations of tobacco, and if he can
find tobacco quoted anywhere, even made frem
lugs, for less than seven cents and from that
up to a hundred cents, I will give it up. I will
give him a wide range; I will give him New
Orleans and all the tobacco markets known
to tbe Union, and he will not find any such
tobacco in the market as he speaks of.
Mr. LOGAN. If iny friend will allow
me 
Mr. FLANAGAN. I have but five minutes.
Mr. LOGAN. This that I exhibited here is
smoking tobacco from s'ems.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I do not care what it
is. Stems are worth more than that.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir.
Mr. FLANAGAN. You may ship stemsto
Lo£doUjB.Qd they are worth more than double
the amount of money that my friend speaks
of. It was all very well for him to say that irt
his speech. He told us that he did not want
us to think that he professed to know a little
about everything. I do not make any charge
of that sort against him, so far as this partic-
ular subject is concerned. [Laughter.]
What are tbe facts? He complains of a tax
of twenty-four cents on tobacco. What has old
England been doing for half a century? Every
pound of tobacco that is placed in tbe queen's
warehouse, before it comes out pays seventy-
five cents per pound duty iu gold. This is not
one third of that amount.
Then, again, tobacco is a luxury. No citizen
of the United States or anybody else is com-
pelled to avail himself of its use. Therefore
there can be no robbery, because it is an open
question. It is for every one to do as he
pleases about it.
There is another view that might well be
urged in this case. It is said that the black
man comes armed and equipped with it. It is
true they buy tobacco ou all occasions when
they can get it. It is natural for them to do
so. But what are the facts ? What kind of
tobacco do they buy? When they sell their
little crops of cotton, or by whatever means
they are enabled to purchase, they buy thebest
article; and it is the poor man, the laboring
man, who is relieved immediately when you re-
duce the tax from thirty-two cents to twenty-
four cents, thereby giving him the benefit of
that reduction.
But we are told there is another grand ques-
tion to be taken into consideration here: this
is a reduction of revenue of so many millions.
I thought that was the purpose on which we
were acting; that we were endeavoring to relieve
the people of the burden of taxation just as
fast as we could and as far as possible, keep-
ing our eye constantly on the amount necessary
to support the Government. We are notlook-
uig for any speculation 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It becomes
the duty of the Chair to announce that the
Senator's five minutes have expired.
Mr. AMES. Mr. President, it is true, as
has been stated, that no complaints have been
made, certainly none at least to the Committee
on Finance, with reference to the tax on
tobacco. It is simply a question between the
manufacturers and the revenue. It is esti-
mated by the Senator from Ohio, the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, that by
making a uniform tax of twenty-four cents a
pound on tobacco, the Government will lose
some three or four million dollars. Should
the amount of tobacco used thisyear be equal
to that used last year, the difference will be
about one million and a half; and it is esti-
mated by the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, considering the increase in the amount
of tobacco to be used, that with a uniform
tax of twenty-four cents a pound, as much
revenue will come to the Government this
•year as did last, which was about twenty-five
and a half million dollars on chewing and
smoking tobacco.
The Senator from Michigan stated that
sometime since there was a uniform tax of
thirty-two cents a pound, and in consequence
thereof the amount of revenue was verygreaily
reduced. The answer to that is, that at no
time have we had a uniform tax on tobacco.
There has been no year since 1868 that there
have not been from two to six or eight grades
of tax on tobacco.
The Senator from Illinois stated that it is the
poor man who uses the smoking tobacco, the
cut tobacco. The fact is, 1 believe, beyond dis-
pute that the plug tobacco is used by the poor
man, the sailor, the man who works along
shore, the miner, the man who works upon
the farm, all laborers genera'ly who work with
their hands use the plug tobacco, and it is the
plug tobacco which pays the thirty-two cents
tax; and thefine tobacco, that which is put up
in papers, which pays a tax of sixteen cents 1
a pound, is generally used by the man who
either wears gloves or is not engaged in an
occupation which soils his hands.
The facts is that tobacco now is taxed not
according to its value, but according to the
form which it bears after its manufacture; that
is, you take tobacco of the same grade in the
leaf and manufacture it, and that which goes
into plug, that which is to be used by the poor
man, pays the tax of thirty-two cents per
pound, and that which goes into smoking to-
bacco, which is either cut or granulated, putin
paper, and used by the man who has more
means, only pays a tax of sixteen cents a
pound.
An attempt has been made to show that the
tobacco of Virginia and Kentucky is more
valuable than the tobacco of Illinois, Connec-
ticut, and Ohio, and that the Virginia, Mary-
land, and Kentucky tobacco pays as it should
a higher tax ; but the fact is that Virginia to-
bacco is but slightly, if any, of higher value
than any other tobacco.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must announce to the Senator that his five
minutes have expired.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I desire simply to state
a few facts in regard to tobacco.
Now, sir, I hold in my hand cut tobacco
that only pays sixteen cents a pound, and
which is selling for $1 50 a pound. I have
here plug tobacco of different qualities, that
pays a tax of thirty-two cents a pound, that
was made out of stems and scraps, and is
wholly unfit for use as chewing tobacco and
must be smoked.
As the Senator from Mississippi has well
said, the tax is not upon the quality^ of the
tobacco, but upon the mode of manufacture.
It is a tax upon the sort of labor put into tbe
tobacco, not upon the quality of the tobacco
itself.
Gentlemen on the other side seem to have
the idea that the Government is entitled as a
matter of right to this revenue from tobacco.
While we are undertaking to adjust, the whole
revenues of the country, not only those derived
from internal taxes, but from the tariff, and
to bring them to as low a standard as we can
consistently, it certainly would be very hard
upon so great an interest as this, while the tax
upou every other article is reduced, that this
alone should be permitted to stand as it is;
that every other interest in the whole country
should get a degree of relief while the tobacco
interest should be made the scape-goat of all
the rest and receive none at all. Fairness and
a proper regard to all tbe interests of the
country require that the same reductions which
are now being applied to other interests shou Id
be applied to this also, and that this should
not be the only tax that should be retained as
it is while all others in the country are being
reduced.
But, sir, I desire to state one consideration
that ought to control the Senate in this
respect. The Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue has given most conclusive reasons why
this tax should be made uniform. It is not
merely a question, as some gentlemen seem
to think, between the plug manufacturers and
the cut manufacturers, but it is a quesiion of
the honest collection of the revenue. _ Having
tried every grade of tax since this ariicle was
first made the subject of taxation, the Depart-
ment has deliberately come to the conclusion
that frauds cannot be prevented under that
system of taxation, and that the only mode to
prevent those frauds is to have a uniform tax.
Here is what the Commissioner sajs on the
subject;
"By tbe manipulations of some manufacturers
the fine-cut. shorts, 'which have passed through a
riddle of thirty-six meshes to tbe square inch by
process of sitting, eonsuture the bulk of their pro-
duels, and are used as chewing tobacco, though
paying a tax of only sixteen cents per pound, while
sweetened scraps, a product of plusr manufacturers,
•are put up in huge quantities and sold under thesix-
tecn-cent tax for chewing purposes. A umlortu
rate ot tax, while it would allow every manutac*
