1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2175
Then, sir, no master can pay off his crew
on the arrival of a ship in port without the
presence of a commissioner. He has no right
to discharge a sailor under this bill until he
goes to the commissioner and does it in his
presence, and if any dispute arises between a
sailor and the master, or between a sailor and
the owner, if there is a loss of cargo, if there
is damage to the cargo, if a sailor steals a por-
tion of the cargo of the ship, and an attempt is
made to take it from his waees, or if a sailor
is intoxicated and neglects his duty—any ques-
tion of that.kind which the courts are now in
the habit of disposing of is to be disposed of
under this bill by the commissioner. And
that is not the worst of it. The commissioner
is to receive fees for these proceedings, and
thus he sits in judgment over the interests of
all the people employed on ships, as well as
on the interests of the owners of the cargo
and the owners of the vessel.
I have still other objections to this bill. It
proposes togive the commissioner certain fees.
He is to get two dollars for every man he fur-
nishes, and he is to get a fee when the men are
paid off, which the men are to pay. It is esti-
mated that fifty thousand sailors leave the port
of New York annually ; and with aggregate fees
of two dollars and a half to each man you will
find that there would be $125,000 a year as the
income of the commissioner for that city.
Nor is this all. These great powers and duties
imposed by this act upon the commissioner he
has power to delegate ; he can go to Europe;
he can go anywhere he pleases. He can hold
the office and get the emoluments as a sine-
cure. The bill says he may depute a clerk or
deputy to discharge all the duties which the
bill imposes upon him. Sir, this is another
grave objection to the bill.
Then, again, the bill is too compulsory. It
compels every vessel of seventy-five tons to
come under the operations of the act; and I
call the attention of gentlemen from the west-
ern States to the sixty-sixth section of the bill,
where all the rules and regulations established
by this act are made applicable to all your
steamboats, your river and lake travel, and
your entire internal navigation. Under the
sixty-sixth section you are all brought in under
the same rules and regulations, although the
powers may not be exercised by a commis-
sioner, because there are no commissioners
to be appointed where there are no ports of
entry; yet the same duties are imposed on col-
lectors aiyl other officials that are imposed
upon the commissioners in reference to sailors
shipped for foreign ports at sea-ports where
there are commissioners. I call the special
attention of gentlemen of the House whose
districts do not lie on the sea-board, either the
Atlantic or the Pacific, to the fact that by this
sixty-sixth section they are themselves made
amenable- to this act, and will feel it betore two
years have elapsed.
But, sir, there is a very serious omission in
this bill. Gentlemen tell us that they are here
as the friends of the sailor, and yet they have
omitted to put any provision in the act by
which it is made an offense to ship an intox-
icated sailor. This is a serious omission. It
is absolutely indispensable to any act of this
kind that there shall be made a penal offense
for any landlord of a sailors' boarding-house,
or any person authoiized to procure crews, to
ship any man in a state of intoxication.
Now, it is very singular that those persons
who are looking to the condition of these sea-
men should have omitted that which, in my
judgment, lays at the foundation of all the out-
rages perpetrated upon the poor sailors ; that
is, that they are made drunk for the purpose
of being robbed and ruined. And yet under
this bill a crew can be put on board of a ves-
sel, as I have repeatedly seen done in the port
of New York, in a beastly state of intoxica
ticn. Instances have come to my own knowl-
edge of men being put on board who did not
know that they had been shipped at all until
they had got outside of Sandy Hook, and had
recovered from the effects of the debauch in
which they had. been made drunk in order that
they may be shipped for the benefit of others.
And that, of all things so necessary for the
interest of the sailor, is omitted from this bill.
Then there is another serious omission, and
one which the English system also has. There
is in this bill no compulsory provision by which
the ship-owner shall be compelled to supply a
ship coming upon this coast in the winter
months, the hardest and harshest coast to ap-
proach during the winter months, with extra
clothing. Scarcely a vessel arrives off Sandy
Hook during the months of November, De-
cember, January, or February that a large
portion of the crew is not frosted, and it has
frequently been the case that an English ves-
sel has arrived on our coast in the dead of
winter with a crew almost altogether destitute
of clothing.
There is also an omission of a provision re-
quiring that a stove and the necessary fuel be
keptin the forecastle, which is the lodging-room
of the sailor. The sailor now goes off watch
on deck and turns in below with his clothes
wet, if not frozen on his person, half fam-
ished, without any fire, and lies in his berth
insensible, in a few minutes perhaps to be
called upon deck again in storm and cold.
There is no provision making it compulsory,
under heavy penalties, upon the owners or
masters of vessels to provide the necessary
clothing for the sailor during the winter
months, and also the necessary fuel while he
is below in the forecastle.
Again, there is no penalty provided in this act
for the impositions of sailor boarding-houses.
They tell us that they want to protect the sail-
ors from the runners, and that is right. But
there is nothing to protect the sailor from the
boarding-house keepers. Now a ship arrives
in the port of New York, and the agents of
the boarding-houses board the ship almost as
soon as ths custom-house officers; th* sailor
is taken to a sailor boarding-house, where he
is made drunk, kept till his money is gone, got
to sign papers in order to get his arrearages of
pay, made to part absolutely with his liberty
of person, his right of volition, made a slave
and serf, so that he may not only be plundered
of his earnings, but kept as a victim to be re-
shipped again, in order to obtain his advance
of wages. There is no provision in this bill by
which sailor boarding-houses are to he kept
under proper surveillance and proper rules and
regulations.
There are other objections, more in detail,
to which I will refer when the different pro-
visions come under consideration. I will now
refer to the apprenticeship part of the bill,
which is defective in not requiring the consent
of the parent or guardian.
Another great objection to the bill is the
tax it imposes on the sailor himself. He is
now taxed for hospital money ; he is taxed
by the State; he is taxed under this bill.
Take the case of a sailor who makes five voy
ages a year from the port of New York to the
West Indies, if you please, and the aggregate
annual tax imposed upon him would be fiom
twenty to twenty-five dollars, a larger tax than
that imposed upon any laboring man or work-
iugman of a similar class in the United States.
In my judgment the only amendments that
are required in the exisimg laws upon this
subject are first to define the duties of persons
shipping seamen, ana fixing the fees to be
paid by the owners of the vessel only, for I
I would impose no tax upon tne sailor. It should
| also be made unlawful to ship a sailor while
i intoxicated, or for the captain or commaud-
i ing oliicer of the vessel to leceive him while
in that condition. I would require the cap-
tains of vessels to muster their crews previous
to sailing, in order to ascertain if they had
regularly signed the shipping articles, and had
received their advance of wages. The prac-
tical operation of the law as it now stands is
this: that in the case of a vessel to go to sea
at twelve o'clock, about five minutes before1
twelve, sometimes at half past twelve, when
the vessel is detained, the sailor is brought on
board by the sailor boardmg-house keeper in
a state of intoxication, and the vessel at once
proceeds to sea. She is in charge of the pilot;
she has worked outside of Sandy Hook, it being
hoped that by that time the sailors will be suf-
ficiently sobered to discharge their duty. I
would do away with this great abuse ; and in
order to remove it it is necessary to incor-
porate in the bill some proper provisions for
the purpose.
I would also abolish the fees now allowed
to our consuls abroad for shipping seamen to
take the places of those who have deserted.
Under existing laws our consuls receive fees
for shipping seamen in foreign ports in place
of those who have deserted. It so happens
that it is the interest of every ship-master
to get a new crew abroad if he can. Our
sailors receive thirty dollars a month. There
is no foreign port where sailors cannot be
had for fifteen dollars a month. Hence, if a
ship-master can get rid of fifteen or twenty
men to whom he is paying thirty dollars a
month, and take men m their place at fifteen
dollars a month, it is his interest to do so ;
and if the American consul can obtain his fee
per man for shipping new sailors, it is his in-
terest to induce American seamen to desert.
There havebeen repeated instances, well known
among (he ship owners of New York, where
the consuls and their agents have induced
desertions for the purpose of obtaining the
emoluments to be derived from shipping new
sailors. I would prevent by legislation that
practice. —
Again, I would, as I have already intimated,
fix the responsibility and the accountability of
boarding-house keepers. I would do away
with their impositions, their exactions, their
false and fraudulent over-charges, their cun-
ning devices, by which they plunder the sailor
of every sixpence that he may have on return-
ing from a voyage.
i would also require that a copy of the laws
relating to the position, the duty, and the
responsibility of our seamen should be fur-
nished to. every sailor, so that he himself
might be informed as to his legal rights and
obligations. I will say to the credit of Amer-
ican sailors that there is not one in twenty of
them who cannot read; and I will say to their
further credit, that we are the only nation in
the world whose sailors can as a general thing
read and write. A large number of the sail-
ors upon our vessels come from the north of
Europe. The Scandinavian countries pro-
duce some of the finest sea-faring men in the
world; but while they acquire the English
language very readily, I have never known
them to hi" ahle to read and write it. In addi-
tion to this class and the English seamen
there are lew foreign sailors to be taken into
account in estimating the sea faring classes of
the world.
I have thus stated, Mr. Speaker, pretty
much all that 1 teel it necessary to say upon
the general bearings of this bill. I desire to
be understood as indorsing many of its pro-
visions. My objection, as I have stated, is in
the first place fundamental, and applies to ihe
mode and manner of appomiing these com-
missioners, to the extraordinary powers pro-
posed to be conferred upon them, to the ex-
pensive and complicated machinery which
must be constructed to make this bill oper-
alive if it should be passed, to the gross
exactions and impositions now put upon the
sailor, and to the many serious and unfortu-
nate omissions m the bill itself which I think
ought to be remedied.
.Mr. BUTLEB, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman from New York allow me to ask
him a single question?
Mr. WOOD. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLEB, of Massachusetts. The gen-
