2176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
tlemen objects to the appointment of these
commissioners by the circuit, courts. What
other mode would he propose ?
Mr. WOOD. Well, sir, I will mention two
modes which I would prefer. In cities like
New York, Boston, Philadelphia, and Balti-
more, which are our largest shipping ports,
in cities of this character, where the great
amount of our shipping business is transacted,
I would be willing rather to trust the Chambers
of Commerce with this appointing power. I
would prefer to trust this power to -men -of
this class, men of character and standing
and business capacity, who would be directly
responsible to the community for the officials
whom they might appoiut. That is one mode
which I would prefer to the system proposed
in the bill. There is another, and I sometimes
think I would be inclined to give.it the pref-
erence to that which I have already stated. It
would be to give this power of appointment to
the Governors of the States. It may be said
that such a system might be political; but I
think not. I believe that, officers discharging
duty of this character should be non-partisan
in the performance of the duty. One of my
gravest apprehensions is that this whole bill,
so far as this feature of it is concerned, is par-
tisan, and is designed so to be.
Now, sir, I would either have the Chambers
of Commerce of the cities I have mentioned,
or I would have the Governors of the States,
which would be the Governor of Maryland,
the Governor of New York, the Governor of
Massachusetts, and, if you please, the Gov-
ernor of Maine, which comprise all of the
chief leading cities so far as the Atlantic sea-
board is concerned.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What
would you say to the boards of insurance ?
Mr. WOOD. The underwriters are inter-
ested in one protection alone. The objection
to talcing a board of underwriters is that they
have a dollar and cent interest only in the pro-
tection of property. I want more than the
protection of property. I want, the protection
of the sailor. I want his welfare should be
studied and taken' care of as well as that of
the men who invest their money.
Mr. Speaker, I have stated as briefly as I
possibly could the objections of my mind to
this bill. I think it ought not to pass. I
should prefer it should be recommitted, in
order that the bill might be amended so as to
incorporate many omissions, perhaps by acci-
dent, and to strike out some of its features
which I think are mischievous if not impracti-
cable.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, when I pro-
posed at the conclusion of the speech of the gen-
tleman from New York that the debate should
be limited to five minutes I was not aware
that he would go into the general merits of this
bill, and I now ask the indulgence > of the
House that 1 may have fifteen or twenty min-
utes in order to reply to the objections which
he lias made against this measure.
I he SPEAKER. Is there objection to allow-
ing the. gentleman from Michigan fifteen min-
utes for the purpose of replying to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. CONGER. I want twenty minutes.
There was no objection; and Mr. Conger
was allowed twenty minutes.
_Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, in the few
brief remarks which I propose to make now, so
as to occupy as little as possible of the time
given for the reading of this bill before the hour
of half past four, when the previous question is
to be called, I shall review for but a moment
the remarks and statements of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Wood.] And I call the
attention of the House to this leading feature
of his remarks and the leading spirit running
all through, not only his remarks, but all the
communicaiions which he has read, and that
is, the absolute necessity and the absolute duty
of this Congress to pass a law to protect "the
interests of that lax-ge and unprotected class of II
people in the United States, the seamen. That
is the leading feature of his remarks and the
leading feature in the papers which the gen-
tleman has read to the House; and that, Mr.
Speaker, is the leading proposition and object
of this bill, subject to such amendments and
suggestions of amendments as the gentleman
from New York or any other gentleman shall
make to the bill now before the House. It is
a bill which has been carefully prepared and
been under consideration by every member of
the Souse who'has given the subjeet-attentioa
for the last six or*eight months,dor it was intro-
duced in the spring session of this Congress.
Now, if that be the gentleman's object, to
encourage the passage of a law-like this, as he
says it is, and as the letters that he has read
and the memorials and other communications
he has read would-seem to indicate, I ask that
gentleman, with his great ability and genius, to
join that committee and other members of the
House in perfecting this bill section by section,
and not array himself against that large class
of unfortunate victims of avarice who dwell
in his city and in all the large ports of the
land, who go forth all over the world carrying
the commerce of the United States.
Now, the gentleman objects first to the ap-
pointment of commissioners by the circuit
courts as the bill provides. Would he have
them appointed by the President? I venture
to say the gentleman would rise in hostility to
such a bill more earnestly and jealously than
he ever rose in this House to oppose such a
proposition as that, because it would be polit-
ical, and because he always opposes political
appointments when his party is not in power.
Mr. Speaker, the Chamber of Commerce of
the State of New York, as every gentleman, from
New York knows, and as every gentleman of
this House knows, is composed mostly of ship-
owners, shippers, importers, merchants, and
leading business men of the city of New York
who have to do with those who go down upon
the daep waters to do the business of com-
merce ; and that Chamber of Commerce has
sent to the House this memorial, signed by its
officers, properly prepared, urging this House
to pass this bill. At the proper time I shall
have this memorial read at the Clerk's desk;
and I only wish to say now. that it is a memo-
rial prepared with all formality, coming from
the Chamber of Commerce of the city of New
York. It was passed with the sanction of "all
its members.
Mr.. WOOD. . Will the -gentleman, permit
me just here to state to him that the Chamber
of Commerce of New York does not contain
one tenth of the ship-owners of New York?
It is made up of lawyers, bankers, traders,
railroad speculators, &c.
Mr. CONGER. That is a mere denial of
my assertion, which the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] may make now or here-
after, at his pleasure. l.t is not exactly a ques-
tion of veracity, but it is a simple denial of
the truthfulness of my statement; and on that
I propose to leave my statement and that of
the gentleman also in the care of the House.
The following are the resolutions of the
Chamber of Commerce of the State of New
York:
To the honorable the Senate and House of Representa-
tives 0/ the United States in Congress assembled •
May ^ please your honorable bodies : The Chamber
of Commerce of the State of New York respectfully
represents:
That the bill now pending before your honorable
bodies, entitled 'A bill to authorize the appoint-
ment oi shipping commissioners by the judges of
the several circuit courts of the United States, to
superintend the shipping and dischaigo of seamen
engaged m merchant ships belonging to the United
btates, and lor the protection of seamen," is calcu-
lated to subserve the interests both of seamen and
their employers, and they earnestly request that the
same may be passed by Congress and become a law
01 the laud.
GEORGE OPDYKB, Vice President.
(ji,01' i'j W'lLSO N, Secretary.
New York, February 1,1872.
The bill thus asked for by the Chamber of
Commerce of New York is this bill,'for there
is no other before the House. The gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] says that he
prefers that that same Chamber of Commerce
should have this appointing power. But that
Chamber of Commerce thinks it better that the
commissioners should be appointed by the
courts, as this bill provides, that the matter may
be taken out of our politics, and that the judges
of our circuit courts in their judicial capacity
may appoint these commissioners, who are to
have charge of an interest so vast, a matter so
important, not only to the seamen, but to the
whole commerce of our 'country.1 ' * > r
I alsq hold in my hand a similar resolu-
tion adopted by the Importeis' and Grocers'
Board of Trade of the city of New Y®rk.
And that body, I say to the gentleman with-
out fear of _ contradiction, embraces among
its members almost all the importers of the
city of New York, as I am informed and veriiy
believe. At a meeting of the Importers' and
Grocers' Board of Trade, held on the 17th
ultimo, the following resolution was adopted :
Resolved, That this Board of Trade of New York,
believing the bill now before Congress, known as
the shipping commissioners' bill, to be alike for
the interest of seamen and their employers, approve
the same, and hereby authorize the officers of the
board to memorialize Congress to the effect that the
said bill may be passed and become a law of the
land" WM. A. BOOTH, President.
WM. NEILSON, Secretary.
These are the constituents of the gentleman
who proposes other mentis than.the Chamber
of Commerce and the Board of Trade have
advised and devised to protect and promote
this great interest.
I present also, Mr. Speaker, although it may
not appeal with so much force to the gentle-
man from New York as to other members of
this House, the action of the American Sea-
men's Friend Society, who for a long series
of years have deyoted their earnest and calm
attention to the protection aud amelioration
of the condition of the seamen throughout
the1 length aud breadth of the land. The fol-
lowing are the resolutions of this society:
Action of the Trustees of the American Seamen's Friend
Society, at a-jneeting held in their rooms, (80 Wall
street. New York,) March 27, WUUam A. Booth,
esq., presiding.
Resolved, 1. That we are gratified to learn from
the proceedings of Congress that the Committee on
Commerce have reported unanimously in favor of
the House bill No. 120, entitled " A bill to authorize
the appointment ot shipping commissioners by the
several circuit cotirts ot the United States, to super-
intend the shipping and discharge of seamen en-
gaged m merchant ships belonging to the United
Estates, and for the further protection ot' seamen."
Resolved, 2. That our conviction as to the import-
ance ot this measure increases upon us the more we
consider its vviso and bejieficent, features; aud that
believing it to propose a reform not only demanded
by every sentiment of humanity, but vital to the
welfare and good character of American seamen
throughout the world, and accordingly essential to
the commerce of the country, we would in this way
respectfully urge its enactment, and ask of the hon-
orable Representatives of the people to give this
measure such personal attention and favor as will
secure its passage without unnecessary delay.
Resolved, 8. That a copy of this action, signed by
the president and secretary, be transmitted to each
ot our Representatives in Congress assembled.
WILLIAM A. BOOTH,
, i'tesident.
SAMUEL H. HALL,
Corresponding Secretary.
Sir, I have before me, or in my possession,
articles from almost every leading New York
paper, depicting the horror, the infamy, the
degradation, the destruction of health and
morals and life and reputation, and of the
property wh'ich should go to the children of
these sailors. I have long articles upon my
desk, which I would, had 1 the time, present
to the House, urging Congress not to stay its
hand in ameliorating the condition ot these
people, but to pass this bill. It is confined to
nonparty; it is the opinion of no single editor
of a press. The New York World, Tribune,
Herald, nil the leading New York papers, have
had, within the last eight months aud since this
bill was sent to them, careful editorials pre-
pared recommending the passage of this bill.
Why, on this last day, does the gentleman from
