384
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
open to all or its designation is a misnomer and
a mockery. It is not a school for whites or a
school for blacks, but a school for all; in other
■words a common school. Much is implied in
this term, according to which the school har-
monizes with the#other institutions already
mentioned. It is an inn where children rest on
the road to knowledge. It is a public convey-
ance where children are passengers. It is a
theater where children resort for enduring rec-
reation. Like the others, it assumes to pro-
vide for the public; therefore it must be open
to all; nor can there be any exclusion, except
on grounds equally applicable to the inn, the
public conveyance, and the theater.
But the common school has a higher char-
acter. Its object is the educationoftheyouug,
and it is sustained by taxation to which all
contribute. Not only does it hold itself out
to the public by its name and its harmony
with the other institutions; but it assumes
the place of parent to all children within its
locality, bound always to a parent's watchful
care and tenderness, which can know no dis-
tinction of child.
It is easy to see that the separate school
founded on an odious discrimination and some-
times offered as an equivalent for the common
school, is an ill-disguised violation of the prin-
ciple of Equality, while as a pretended equiva-
lent it is an utter failure and instead of a
parent is only a churlish step-mother.
A slight illustration will show how it fails,
and here 1 mention an incident occurring in
Washington, but which must repeatitself where
ever separation is attempted. Colored chil-
dren, living near what is called the common
school, are driven from its doors, and com-
pelled to walk a considerable distance, often
troublesome and in certain conditions of the
weather difficult, to attend the separate school.
One of these children has suffered from this
exposure, and I have myself' witnessed the
emotion of the parent. This could not have
occurred had the child been received at the
common school in the neighborhood. Now,
it is idle to assert that children compelled to
this exceptional journeying to and fro, are in
the enjoyment of equal rights. The super-
added pedestrianism and its attendant discom-
fort furnish the measure of inequality in one
of its forms, increased by the weakness or ill
health of the child. What must be the feel-
ings of a colored father or mother daily wit-
nessing this sacrifice to the demon of Caste?
This is an illustration merely, but it shows
precisely how impossible it is for a separate
school to be the equivalent of the common
school. And yet it only touches the evil with-
out exhibiting its proportions. The indignity
offered to the colored child is worse than any
compulsory exposure, and here not only the
child suffers, but the race to which he belongs
is blasted and the whole community is hard-
ened in wrong.
The separate school wants the first requisite
of the common school, inasmuch as it is not
equally open to all; and since this is incon-
sistent with the declared rule of republican
institutions, such a school is not republican in
character. Therefore it, is not a preparation
for the duties of life. The child is not trained
in the way he should go; for he is trained
under the ban of inequality. How can he grow
up to the stature of equal citizenship? He is
pinched and dwarfed while the stigma of color
is stamped upon him. This is plain oppres-
sion, which you, sir, would feel keenly were
it directed against you or your child. Surely
the race enslaved tor generations has suffered
enough without being compelled to bear this
prolonged proscription. Will not the Republic,
redeemed by most costly sacrifice, insist upon
justice to the children of the land, makuig the
common school the benign example of repub-
lican institutions where merit is the only ground
of favor. __
Nor is separation without evil to the -whites
The prejudice of color is nursed when it
should be stifled. The Pharisaism of race
becomes an element of character, when, like
all other Pharisaisims, it should be cast out.
Better eveuthan knowledge is a kindly nature
and the sentiment of equality. Such should
be the constant lesson repeated by the lips
and inscribed on the heart; but the school
itself must practice the lesson. "Children
learn by example more than byprecept. How
precious the example which teaches that all
are equal in rights. But this can be only
where all commingle in the common school
as in common citizenship. There is no sep-
arate ballot-box. There should be no separ-
ate school. It is not enough that all should
be taught alike; they must all be taught
together. They are not only to receive equal
quantities of knowledge, but all are to receive
it in the same way. But they cannot be
taught alike unless all are taught together;
nor can they receive equal quantities of
knowledge in the same way, except at the
common school.
The common school is important to all; but
to the colored child it is a necessity. Exclud-
ed from the common school, he finds himself
too frequently without any substitute. Often
there is no school. But even where a separate
school is planted it is inferior in character.
No matter what the temporary disposition, the
separate school will not flourish as the com-
mon school. It is but, an offshoot or sucker
without the strength of the parent stem. That
the two must differ is seen at once, and that
this difference is adverse to the colored child
is equally apparent. For him there is no as-
surance of education except in the common
school, where he will be under the safeguard
of all. White parents will take care not only
that the common school is not neglected, but
that its teachers and means of instruction are
the best possible, and the colored child will
have the benefit of this watchfulness. This
decisive consideration completes the irresist-
ible argument for the common school as the
equal parent of all without distinction of
color.
If to him that, hath is given, according to the
way of the world, it is not doubted that to him
that hath not there is a positive duty in pro-
portion to the necessity. Unhappily our col-
ored fellow-citizens are in this condition. But
just in proportion as they are weak and not
yet recovered from the degradation in which
they have been plunged, does the Republicowe
its completest support and protection. Already
a component part of our political corporation
they must become part of the educational cor-
poration also, with Equality as the supreme law.
OTHER PUBLIC INSTITUTIONS.
It is with humiliation that I feel bound to
insist upon the same equality in other public
institutions of learning and science, also in
churches and in the last resting-places of the
dead. So far as any of these are public in
character and organized by law, they must
follow the general requirement. How strange
that any institution of learning or science, any
church or any cemetery should set up a dis-
crimination so utterly inconsistent with correct
principle. But I do not forget that only recently
a colored officer of the national Armv was
treated with indignity at the communion-table.
To insult the dead is easier, although con-
demned by Christian precept and heathen
example.
Among the Romans degradation ended with
life. Slaves were admitted to honorable sepul-
ture, and sometimes slept the last, sleep with
their masters. The slaves of Augustus and Ltvia
were buried on the famous Appian Way,
where their tombs with numerous inscriptions
have survived the centuries. " Bury him with
his niggers." was the rude order of the rebel
officer, as he flung the precious remains of
our admirable Colonel Shaw into the common
trench at Fort Wagner, where he fell mount-
ing the parapets at the head of colored troops.
And so he was buried, lovely in death as .in
life. The intended insult became an honor.
In that common trench the young hero rests,
symbolizjng the great Equality for which he
died. No Roman monument with its Siste
viator to the passing traveler, no " labor of an
age in piled stones," can match in grandeur
that simple burial.
PREJUDICE OP COLOR.
Mr. President, against these conclusions
there is but one argument, which, when con-
sidered, is nothing but a prejudice, as little
rational as what Shylock first calls his "hu-
mor" and then "a lodged hate and a certain
loathing," making him seek the pound of'flesh
from out the merchant's heart. It is the pre-
judice of color which pursues its victim in the
long pilgrimage from the cradle to the grave,
closing the school, barring the hotel, exclud-
ing from the public conveyance, insulting at
the theater, shutting the gates of science and
playing its fantastic tricks eveii in the church
where he kneels and the grave where his dust
mingles with the surrounding earth. The God-
given color of the African is a constant offense
to the disdainful white, who, like the preten-
tious lord, asking Hotspur for prisoners, can
bear nothing so unhandsome "betwixt the
wind and his nobility.'' This is the whole case.
And shall those equal rights, promised by the
great Declaration, be sacrificed to a prejudice?
Shall that equality before the law, which is the
best part of citizenship, be denied to those who
do not happen to be white? Is this a white
man's Government, or is it a Government of
"all men," as declared by our fathers? Is it
a Republic of equal laws, or an oligarchy of the
skin? This is the question now presented.
Once Slavery was justified by color, as now
the denial of Equal Rights is justified, and the
reason is as little respectable in one case as in
the other. The old pretension is curiously illus-
trated by an incident in the inimitable auto-
biography of Franklin. An ante-revolutionary
Governor of Pennsylvania remarked gaily that
he much admired the idea of Sancho Panza,
who, when it was proposed to give him a
government, requested that it might be of
" blacks," as then, if he could not agree with
his people, he might sell them, on which a
friend said, "Franklin, why do you continue
to side with the damned Quakers? Had you
not better sell them?" Franklin answered,
"The Governor has not yet blacked them
enough." The autobiography proceeds to say
that the Governor "labored hard to blacken
the Assembly in all his messages, but they
wiped his coloring as fast as he laid it on and
placed it in return thick upon his own face,
so that, finding he was likely to be negrofied
himself, he grew tired of the contest and quitted
the Government." (Franklin, Autobiography,
p. 299, edit. Bigelow.) To negrofy a man was
to degrade him.
Thus in the ambition of Sancho Panza and
in the story of the British governor, was color
the badge of Slavery. " Then lean sell them,"
said Sancho Panza, and the Britibh Governor
repeated the saying. This is change i now;
but not, entirely. At, present nobody dare say,
"I can sell them;1' but the inn, the common
conveyance, the theater, the school, the scien-
tific institute, the church, and the cemetery
deny them equal rights.
Color has its curiosities in history. For
generations the Roman circus was convulsed
by factions known from their livery as white
and red, green and blue, and these same colors
raged with redoubled fury in the hippodrome
of Constantinople. Then came blacks and
whites in the political contentions of Italy,
where the designation was from the accident
of a name, in Engla.nd the most beautiful of
flowers, in two of its colors, became the badge
of hostile armies, and the white -rose fought
against the red. But it has been reserved for
our Republic, dedicat ed to the rights of human
nature, to adopt the color of the skin as the
sign of separation and to organize it in law.
Color in the animal kingdom is according
