332
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 23,
Senate.
North Carolina Senatorship—Mr. Carpenter.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
county commissioners. The distinction at-
tempted by the Senator from Ohio has no
foundation in principle, and rests upon no
adjudicated case.
But the Senator claims that it cannot be
imputed to a member of the Legislature that
he intended to throw away his vote. I quote
from his speech :
" Bat, sir, you cannot impute any such pnrposc to
a Legislature. First, you cannot impute it-to them,
because each member of that Legislature took an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States and the constitution of his State, and that
oath imposed upon him the duty to go into the
election of a Senator in Congress at the proper time,
and to elect one if he could. In the second place,
the respect that we owe to the Legislature of a
State forbids us to impute to its members an inten-
tion to disregard their oaths, disregard their duty,
and throw away the votes intrusted to them by the
people."
Mr. President, we are imputing nothing to
anybody. We are dealing with the conceded
facts of a case, and the only question is, what
is the legal effect of those facts? It is con-
ceded that a majority of the members of that
Legislature cast their votes in the face of, in
defiance of, the Constitution ; and the ques-
tion is whether the votes so cast are valid or
void. If void, then they are no votes, and
the legal votes which were cast effected an
election. The Senaior somewhere said that
in modern times the high respect anciently
paid to a State Legislature is no longer recog-
nized. Unfortunately this is true, and for the
best of reasons. There was a time when the
presumption was justified by the fact that a
constitutional provision would secure the obe-
die ce of a State; but that time has passed,
as is conclusively shown by the action of the
Legislature under consideration.
Again, the Senator says that the English
cases de not apply, because there the voters
knew to a moral certainty that the disqualifi-
cation would not be removed, while in this
case the fourteenth amendment, which im-
poses the disqualification, provides that Con-
gress may remove it. by a two-thirds vote in
each House. No such distinction can be
maintained. Parliament has the same power,
even by a majority vote, over every disquali-
fication that Congress has under the fourteenth
amendment by a two-thirds vote.
Again, the Senator says, " The disability of
Vance was a disability to be a Senator and
not a disability to be elected." And upon
this point the Senator indulged in reasoning
extremely fine.
Of course a constitution may make such a
distinction, and manifestly the constitution
of Ohio, from which the Senator read, does
make such distinction in express words. Some
men it declares disqualitiad to be elected,
while it declares others to be disqualified to
hold the offices to which they maybe elected ;
and, of course, under such a constitution the
existence of such a distinction would be ad-
mitted. But at common law, and under the
Constitution of the United States, no such dis-
tinciion exists. No person can be constitu-
tionally elected a Senator of the United States
who will not without the intervention of any
other authority be capable of serving as Sen-
ator for the term for which he is elected. A
Senator may be elected before he is thirty
years of age, and he will be entitled to his
seat if he attain that age before his term shall
commence. But there is no analogy between
a disqualification which the efflux of time
must remove, and a disqualification to remove
which requires the intervention of another
sovereign power. The Senator quotes the four
teenth amendment, and then proceeds, as fol-
lows :
" There is the whole of it, every word of it, and now,
could language be plainer? It does not say that no
man shall, bo elected a Beqator; it does not say /hat
no man shall be elected a Representative j it does
not say that no man shall he elected to office; but it
says' no man shall be a Senator,' and when is a man a
Senator? Be is not a Senator until he appears on this
floor, is admitted to his seat, and takes his oath of
ojfrce. Until then he is no Senator; he has no ofiical
position whatsoever more than any other man in the
community. He has a claim to an office, but ho has
no office. He has a claim to the Senatorship, he has
a title to it. but he i* no Senator until he appears here
and takes the oath of office and his seat in the body."
Mr. President, if this were a statement
standing by itself, I should not pause to con-
sider it. But there is nothing unimportant
which that Senator says in the course of an
argument. With him each proposition be-
comes a foundation upon which some other
proposition is to rest. He errs not by illo-
gical reasoning, but by assumption of false
premises. Upon this proposition, slipped iu
so innocently, and apparently so unimportant,
the Senator bases a very potent argument. It
therefore becomes important to consider its
correctness. A man cannot come upon this
floor and take the oath unless he be a Senator.
If my friend will pardon a homely expression,
I will say he has put the cart before the horse;
for instead of saying that a man cannot become
a Senator until he has taken the oath, he
should say, he cannot take the oath unless ho
be a Senator.
Section six, article one, of the Constitution
provides:
" They" [the Senators and Representatives] "shall
in all case-', except treason, felony, and breach of
the peace, be privileged from arrestduring their at-
tendance at the session of their respective Houses,
and in going to and returning from the same."
Mr. THURMAN. Let me understand the
Senator. Does he say that a man is a Senator
from the time he is elected? Let us have
something definite.
Mr. CARPENTER, You shall have some-
thing definite. I say that he is a Senator from
the time when the term to which he was elect-
ed commences.
Mr. THURMAN. That is very well; but
Yance was elected before the time when his
term commenced. If the Senator's doctrine
is true that a man is a Senator the moment he
is elected, then I recollect the time very well
when Ohio had three Senators in the Congress
of the United States, two of them on the floor
and another one elected.
Mr. CARPENTER. There is nothing in the
Constitution which prohibitsa State from elect-
ing a dozen Senators at once and fixing their
term of service. The Constitution provides
that the Senate shall be composed of two Sen-
ators from each State, and this is the only pro-
vision in regard to it. Suppose a Senator,
duly elected, starts for the national capital
a reasonable time before or even after his term
commences, is there the slightest doubt about
his being protected from arrest under this pro-
vision of the Constitution ? Yet this would
not be the case if he were not a Senator.
The Senator next proceeded to consider the
act of Congress of the 11th of July, 1868,
which act provides—
_ " That whenever any person who has participated
m the late rebellion, and from whom all legal dis-
abilities arising therefrom have been removed by
act of Congress by a vote of two thirds of each House,
has been or shall beolected or appointed to any office
or place of trust in or under the Government of the
United States, he shall, befoie entering upon the
duties thereof, instead of the oath prescribed by the
act of July 2,1862, take and subscribe the following
oath or affirmation."
The Senator referred to this statute for the
purpose of showing that in the opinion of Con-
gress a disqualified person might be elected to
office, and having his disabilities removed sub-
sequent to election, might hold the office.
This act bears no such interpretation. On the
contrary, those persons who were disqualified
by the fourteenth amendment, and whose dis-
qualification had been removed by act of Con-
gress on a two-thirds vote, and who had sub-
sequently been elected, could sot take the iron-
clad oath, so called, and this act was passed to
relieve them. The order of mentioning sub-
jects in the statute shows this: any person
having "participated iu the late rebellion, and
from whom all legal disabilities arising there-
from have been removed by act of Congress
by a vote of two thirds of each House," who
"has been or shall be elected," &c., may take
the qualified oath provided for by this act.
The fair construction of this act is that it
applied to those from whom disabilities had
been removed previous to their election.
The Senator then comes to the act of June
25, 1868, and says:
"Now, Mr. President, let us turn to the act of
June 25, 1868, the first general bill removing dis-
abilities, and we find that that act which removed
the disabilities of a large number of persons, those
just mentioned in the State of North Carolina, a
large number in Georgia, some in other States, also
removed the disabilities of a large number of people
by name in the State of Alabama, and theu alter
removing their disabilities the section closes as
follows:
"'And also all officers-elect at the election com-
menced the 4th day of February, 1868, in said State
of Alabama, and who have not publicly declined to
accept the offices to which they were elected.'
" What reason in the world can be given for that
removal of disabilities from all the officers elected in
the State of Alabama, except that it was to enable
them to hold their offices? Yet, according to the
argument of my friend from Wisconsin, not one of
them had the least shadow of right to his otfice. The
minority men were elected, according to the argu-
ment in favor of Abbott, and these men whose dis-
abilities are removed, without even namiug them
at all, without their names being known to Congress,
had this removal for no other reason in the world
than that they might be allowed to hold the offices
to which they were elected. Could you have a more
clear and distinct declaration by both branches of
Congress that the disqualification is not a disqual-
ification to b<! elected, but only a disqualification
to hold the otfice?"
There are many replies to be made to this.
I refer to the Senator's own speech to show
what is necessary to make one ease a prece-
dent for the decision of another; and m the
light of his remarks let me say first, this act
did not relate to Senators ; second, it did not
relate to members of the House of Repre-
sentatives ; third, it related only to State
officers elected by ballot; and fourth, it did
not pretend to decide or declare that the per-
sons who had been elected, and from whom
the act removed disabilities, had a right to
hold the offices to which they had been elected.
Congress had no jurisdiction to settle that
question, and Congress neither considered
nor assumed to determine it. Congress did
remove their disabilities, which it had a con-
stitutional right to do, and left them to their
chances before State tribunals, under State
constitutions and laws, to hold their offices or
not as their right might appear. This was in
no sense a Federal question. The Senator
says Congress removed their disabilities for
the purpose of enabling them to hold their
offices. All that can fairly be said of this act
is that Congress removed their disabilities and
left it to the States to determine what effect,
if any, such removal of disabilities had upon
their right to hold their offices.
Again, whether the minority man was enti-
tled to hold the office or not depended upon two
questions, neither of which did Congress pos-
sess the right to decide, and neither of which did
they attempt to decide: first, whether the elect-
ors knew of the disqualification at the time
of election ; and second, whether the princi-
ples in regard to the rights of the minority
candidate are applicable to a general election
by ballot. For these reasons this act of Con-
gress cannot fairly be regarded as an expres-
sion of opinion upon the case now before the
Sena'e.
1 fully concur with the Senator from Ohio
in saying that whether an English decision
should be regarded as a precedent for us de-
pends upon whether it is reasonable or not
when applied to an election under our system
