3968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28,
turer to manipulate his products in his own way
•without restrictions being placed upon his modes
of manufacturing, would effectually close the door
to the perpetration of fraud or the evasion o'f taxes
by their improper classifications."
Now, sir, I have here a sample of the tobacco
which is used in the Army. The War Depart-
ment is now advertising for large quantities
of this sort of tobacco for the use of the sol-
diers. It pays a tax of thirty-two cents a
pound. It is the only sort that will keep well.
The loose or cut tobacco is very bulky, and
besides does not keep well; and in order to
keep it must be put in this form. If you retain
this tax of thirty-two cents, you compel the
soldier, who is not allowed any option, but is
compelled to purchase the tobacco that is
furnished to him by the Government, to pay
that tax.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has spoken his five minutes. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Iowa.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word.
I do not rise to answer my eloquent friend
from Texas, [Mr. Flanagan,] who has as
much knowledge of tobacco as the tobacco
worm itself, [laughter;] but I desire to call
the attention of the Senate for one minute to
something practical; and that is in reference
to the figures on this subject. The revenue
derived by the taxation of thirty-two cents in
1871 was over twenty million dollars ; in 1870
it was over nineteen million dollars. The
increase of that taxation of thirty-two cents
was $968,000. The tax of sixteen cents per
pound iu 1871 amounted to over four million
and nearly a half; in 1870 it amounted to four
million and a little over a half, making au
increase of $291,000 in the tax at sixteen
cents per pound. Now, if you take the aver-
age ot ihe four millions and the thirty millions
produced by the taxation of the two classes
of tobaeco. you will fiud the increase on the
tax at sixteen cents per pound was greater in
proportion than the increase on the tax at
thirty two cents per pound, which does away
with the idea that because of the difference
in this tax frauds are committed. I merely
wanted to say that; and inasmuch as I have
only five minutes, 1 must hurry on.
My friend from Texas insinuated that I had
gone and prepared this tobacco for the pur-
pose of exhibiting it on this occasion, it is
very strange if a Senator cannot make use of
an argument without being accused of acting
as a trickster. I did no such thing. This is
regular tax-paid tobacco ; the very character
of tobaeco that pays this tax, and here is the
stamp upon it; and the price of the tobacco
made out of the stem with the leaf, and the
tobacco made out of the stem alone, was four
cents a pound, as I have stated it.
The Senator referred to lugs. If the Sen-
ator knows anything about tobacco, he knows
there is a very great difference between lugs
and stems. Any man who knows anything
about tobacco knows that. It may be that
tobacco is quoted at seven cents to day, but
this tobacco cost what I have said, and it was
so stated to me by the manufacturer himself.
Now, sir, I care nothing about the differ-
ence between these different kinds of tobacco;
there is poor plug and good plug, as a mattsr
of course; but I do care for the raisers of to-
bacco in the West. The southern portion of
my own State is a tobacco-producing region,
and produces large quantities of the grade of
tobacco that is used as I say. To make them
pay twenty-four cents a pound, thus driving all
that character of tobacco out of the market, is
a hardship, and that is the opposition I make
to it. I make this opposition in behalf of
those people who are engaged in producing
this class of tobacco.
Why not leave the tobacco tax at sixteen
and thirty-two cents, as heretofore? I have
never heard a single man complain of the
tobacco tax except the manufacturers, who
have always been in a war—the plug men
egainst what they call the fine-cut men, and
vice vena. They have always been in a war
before the committees ; but the people who
use the tobacco, and the people who produce
the tobacco, are not the men who complain.
It is the manufacturers who propose to make
a profit by the reduction of the tax on the best
tobacco and by the increase of the tax on the
inferior tobacco. That is the reason for it.
Justice demands, not equality iu the rate of
taxation on all, but demands diversification of
the tax on tobacco, according to its quality.
It is just the same as if you pay a tax of one
dollar on an article worth five dollars, and
five dollars on an article worth twenty dollars.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senatorfrom Illinois withdraw his amendment?
Mr. LOGAN. Yes. sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion, then, is on the amendment moved by the
Senator from Iowa.
Mr. FLANAGAN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Texas to have
spoken on this question five minutes.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I move, then, to amend
by striking out the whole of it.
Now, Mr. President, Iacceptmykind friend's
argument. He has drawn our portrait very
handsomely, particularly when he introduced
the worm. That I do know more about to-
bacco than he does is a conceded fact. It is
true that those who are familiar with the sub-
ject of raising tobacco do know that the worm
plays upon the fine leaf and not upon the gen-
tleman's stem. There you are with your
stem. Now, as to the manner in which you
procure that tobacco, that is not an object
with me. I have no supposition that the par-
ties who furnished you with it have been
smuggling it in any way or shape. But the
gentleman is certainly mistaken when he
speaks of tobacco. It is frequently the case
that stems are worth more money for export
than the cullings and pickings of the large to-
bacco factories throughout the United States.
Those familiar with the subject are aware of
t.hat fact also. They make snuff; they enter
into various uses, such as dye-stuffs, and are
used for a thousand purposes.
The fine article of tobacco he is speaking
of is found abundantly and is used by all; and
this equalization of tax directly comes to the
protection of the poor man. He bays his plug
tobacco; he does not use the gentleman's stem.
You cannot find black or white throughout
the South using stems, and I presume it is the
case iu the North, in the tobacco-growing re-
gions. I do not suppose they eat stems in my
friend's neighborhood. I have never known
them to do so. It is the fine tobacco they
desire, and therefore you relieve them by re-
ducing the tax on it from thirty-two to twenty
four cents. There is a substantial benefit; and
it is the object of the legislators of the United
States at this day to protect all parties, taking
care to have a sufficient amount of money to
defray the expenses of this great Government,
not to oppress any. But from year to year it
is said our legislation is vacillating. It is first
one thing and then another. As far as the
revenue is concerned that is proper ; but we
are now reducing it. Congress reduces it from
time to time just as far as we are enabled
to go ; beyond that we cannot. That is the
whole point, and this is for the relief of the
oppressed.
The Senator from Illinois says he is in favor
of the planter, not the manufacturer. Who
gave him that stem which he exhibited here?
The planier has not furnished it to him on
this occasion, nor has he bought it from the
planter. They are not represented. I am
for the planter. Substantially we agree in
that, whether we take the same course or not.
I withdraw my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment moved by the Sen-
ator from Iowa.
Mr. AMES. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi has once addressed the
Senate on this question.
Mr. AMES. I move to insert thirty-two
instead of twenty-four cents per pound.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will proceed.
Mr. AMES. I do it partly for the purpose
of speaking my five minutes; but I moved it
in the committee, and I believe that it would
be for the interest of all concerned to make
the tax a uniform one of thirty-two cents.
The Senator from Illinois is mistaken with
reference to the tobacco raised in the State
of Illinois. I will read him a portion of a
letter I have here giving the statistics:
"The Illinois crop of tobacco is a coarse, heavy leaf,
and is classed with tobacoo srown in Indiana and
certain districts in southern Kentucky and Tennes-
see, and is known in the markets of the world as
shipping leaf."
It is a coarse, porous leaf. It is very thor-
oughly dried, and shipped to England. There
the duty on tobacco is from seventy-two to
eighty cents a pound. They moisten it there
and it takes up ten or twelve per cent, of mois-
ture or sweetening, and that much profit of
course is made. I have here an English dic-
tionary of commerce and I find a price list to
this effect:
"Maryland fine yellow tobacco is fourpence to
ninepence a pound."
When you take the western factory-dried,
and the Illinois is classed as western shipping
leaf, we find it from fivepence to tenpence
and one shilling one penny. Each one of
these figures is higher than the figure with
reference to the Maryland tobacco, so that
that portion of the western tobacco which is
shipped to England sells there at a higher
price than the Virginia or Maryland tobacco.
Furthermore :
" Only about twenty-five per cent, can be used for
manufacturing purposes, and finds a market in St.
Louis, Missouri, Quiney, Illinois, and other plug
tobacco manufacturing points of the "West. The
average price in first hands is seven to nine cents a
pound; the average price of Kentucky leaf, nine to
eleven cents; Virginia, ten to twelve cents."
There is no tobacco of the price of two or
three cents a pound, but to be sure there is
the leaf and there are two million pounds of
chewing tobaeco made from it, and from the
refuse only seventy-nine thousand pounds of
the sixteen-cent grade. The stems are shipped
to Belgium aud Holland and Germany, and
there manufactured into tobacco. I have a
paper here of about a month old and it gives
the figures: ''western light leaf"—which is
the Illinois, and would make good plug—
" eight to nine cents a pound." That is the
cheapest kind of tobacco to be had.
Mr. LOGAN. I was talking atatrat stems.
Mr. AMES. The Senator from Illinois
says he was talking about stems. The man
who manufactures the plug tobacco has more
stems at his disposal than the man who manu-
factures smoking tobacco. He has to dispose
of his stems. He sells them at one or two
cents a pound and they are shipped abroad.
There is no reason why he should not be as
well treated as the manufacturer of cut tobacco.
The fact is, the way the tax is now arranged,
it is all for the advantage of the cutter, the
man who manufactures the smoking tobacco.
Iu 1883 the amount of low rate as compared
with the high rate was thirty per cent, to
seventy per cent. In 1865 it went up to forty-
nine and fifty-one per cent.; that is, all kinds
of tobacco were rushed into the cheapest
grade, that which paid the lowest tax ; and
from 1866 to the present year the ratio changed
to thirty-four and sixty-six per cent. That
is to say, the manufacturers of cut tobacco
and of smoking tobacco have everything their
own way to the great disadvantage of those
who manufacture the plug tobacco.
Iu looking over the receipts from tobacco I
