B072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
questionable, if not, in fact, dangerous. The
division of the powers and duties pertaining
to appointments between an advisory board
established by Congress and the executive
officers who under the Constitution have the
appointing power, tends to lessen the sense of
responsibility in both. I am in favor of allow-
ing the Executive and heads of Departments
to exercise their full measure of constitutional
power, and holding them rigidly accountable
for the manner in which they exercise it.
Real reform in the civil service musL begin
with the executive department. It possesses
the power and owes it to the country to exer-
cise that power in such a manner that the
interests of the country shall not suffer from
an unfaithful administration of the laws. Con-
gress may authorize a commission or an ad-
visory board, and such board may, as they
have, prepare and report rules for the regula-
tion of appointments and promotions in the
civil service. But these rules are but sugges-
tions, and do not have the force of law. The
executive officers of the Government having
the appointing power may quite as well devise
a system of rules or regulations as a congres-
sional commission. This would be in the plain
line of duty, and the Executive could give
them the force of law for that department. If
this has not been done sooner it is not the
fault of Congress, but of the executive branch
of the Government.
The country should understand, and does
understand, that whatever of incapacity and
dishonesty exists in the civil service of the
country results from a bad administration
of the laws, for which the Executive and not
Congress is responsible. Neither Congress
nor any board appointed by its authority can,
under the Constitution, limit the range of ex-
ecutive discretion in the selection ot persons
for the civil service. Ail advisory board can-
not say that the President or heads of Depart-
ments shall select one of three, five, or ten
persons to a particular office. It is 110 answer
to this proposition to say that there is still left
a right of choice. An untrammeled choice
is what the Constitution contemplates. But,
were it otherwise, is an advisory board more
incorruptible or infallible than Presidents or
heads of Departments? For one, I see no
reason to suppose so.
The effect ot' such a system is to lessen the
sense of responsibility 011 the part of the Ex-
ecutive. I have so far supported this system
as to voto in favor of the appropriation pro-
vided in the the Senate bill for the continuation
of this advisory board and its labors. I did so
from the conviction that something must be
done looking toward reform, and because 1
saw no prospect for anything better from the
present Administration. If the Executive can
in this way be induced to introduce any reform
however partial and imperfect, I felt it my
duty to give the measure my support. I did
this with the conviction in my own mind
that the President could enforce such of the
rules prescribed by the advisory board as may
be useful, and substitute better ones where they
are not, if he were disposed to do so. I cannot
understand why Congress thought an advisory
board should seek to control appointments by
restricting the range of executive discretion,
except upon the grounds that the executive
branch of the Government is unequal to the
duties assigned to itby the Constitution, or that
the Executive cannot be relied upon to exer-
cise the high functions of his office in the
maimer required by the interests of the coun-
try. There can be no well-founded doubt but
he has all the power necessary for a thorough
reform of the civil service.
I do not believe, Mr. Speaker, that any test
of qualification for the public service will ever
be accepted by the country that requires more
than diligence, industry, honesty, and quali-
fications for the special duties of the position
to vbich Ijhe applicant, aspires. If, in addi*
tion to all this, general scientific and literary
attainments are required, or, other thing being
equal, shall be allowed to turn the scale, such
a system will be condemned by the people.
The great evils in the civil service spring from
other causes than that of lack of capability
on account of imperfect education, although
this is matter worthy great consideration. The
creation of offices and removals from office of
competent persons to make places for favor-
ites is a crying evil. While places of high and
responsible trusts are bestowed upon incom-
petent and unworthy men as rewards for parti-
san services, or, what is still worse, personal
services rendered for the benefit of him who
has the appointing power, or him who can
invoke the aid of that power, we shall have no
real reform.
The practice of appointing to office men
who barter their influence aud political opin-
ions for place has resulted in establishing an
official code of morals altogether different from
that which men of integrity recognize, and
which they entirely ignore and condemn when
applied to the business affairs of private life.
Means are employed with impunity to build
up the fortunes of individuals at the expense
of the public Treasury that would cover with
shame and dishonor a private citizen in his
business relations with others. The sameinflu.
ence that secures position in the public ser
vice is employed to retain in place those who
are known to be unfaithful, and to conceal
their frauds, and protect from removal and
merited punishment men who are unworthy
and whose connection with the service of the
Government tends to bring it into disrepute.
Official conscience must be quickened before
any reform worthy of the name can be accom-
plished.
I cannot, Mr. Speaker, approve any bill
which makes it a penal offense for the Repre-
sentatives of the people to recommend either
the appointment or removal of persons in the
civil service. They, in common with all other
citizens, have an interest in good government,
and are in a position to know the qualifica-
tions of persons in their respective districts
quite as well as others. Were they prohibited
from recommending, recommendations would
still be made, and most probably by a class
less responsible to the people, and from mo-
tives not more worthy or more consistent with
the interests of the country than those that
actuate the Representatives of the people.
Such is the character of the bill introduced
by the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Wil-
lard] and favorably reported by the Commit-
tee on Civil Service Reform. The substitute
proposed by the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Lynch] requiring recommendations for ap-
pointment or removals to be made in writing
and filed, and to be open to inspection, meets
my approval. Such a law would, in my judg-
ment, insure a higher sense of responsibility
and greater caution in making recommenda-
tions for appointments and removals than pre-
vails under the present practice.
But the more I reflect upon this subject the
more I am impressed with the conviction that
but little can be done by congressional legisla-
tion to enforce any system of reform in the
civil service. The trouble is not in the laws,
but in the failure faithfully and wisely to ad-
minister them. There is under the Constitu-
tion so large a range of executive discretion
that no substantial reform can be establied
except by an improved system of administra-
tion on the part of the executive department
of the_ Government, or by a change of the
organic law, and such a change as shall take
away or at least limit that discretion which
the Executive now possesses, and which has
of late been so greatly abused.
It was no doubt the consciousness of a lack
of power in Congress, under the Constitution
as it now is, to accomplish the needed re-
forms in the civil service and to correct abuses
committed or tolerated by a faithless or inca-
pable Executive, that led to the proposition
in this House by the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. McCkaky,] and the proposition in the
Senate by Mr. Sumxer, to amend the Consti-
tution of the United States in two important
particulars—the one intended to lessen the
patronage of the Executive by making certain
officers elective, and restraining the removal
of those who hold their places by appointment
except for just cause and in cases where the
public service requires it; and the other in-
tended to take away the motive for turning
the Government patronage into an engine of
political or personal ambition by declaring
the President ineligible to a reelection. That
such changes in the Constitution would strike
at the root of the evil with much effect, to my
mind is most manifest. These propositions
deserve of every sincere friend of reform a
most serious consideration.
Were the functions and powers of the ex-
ecutive branch of the Government exercised
in the true spirit of the Constitution, and as
contemplated by the wise and patriotic men
who founded the Republic and established the
Constitution, no necessity for these proposed
changes would exist. The discretion given to
the executive branch of the Government was
intended to be used solely for the public wel-
fare, and under a pure and wise administration
is not only not dangerous, but would prove to
be one of the most useful and beneficial powers
contained in our l?ederal Constitution. The
perversion and abuse of this discretionary
power are the causes of all these evils.
No Administration that uses the whole power
and patronage of the Government to advance
mere partisan interests or the purposes of per-
sonal ambition, can long preserve the public
confidence. Add to this the system of as-
sessments for political purposes upon Govern-
ment officers and employes, and it becomes
simply disgraceful and odious. The cost of
these abuses to the nation in dollars and cents,
although great, is the smallest part of the evil.
The destruction of public morality, the cor-
ruption of the Government at the sources of
its power, and the inevitable tendency of such
a state of things to destroy free government
itself, are matters of the gravest concern.
We are now a nation of nearly forty million
people, with over fifty-three thousand persons
in its civil service. We have a vast national
debt which is and will be for generations a
great burden upon the energies aud resources
of our people. Under such circumstances we
have every motive to practice the most rigid
economy, and to adopt a system of civil ser-
vice equal to the demands of the changed con-
dition of the nation.
The abuses and extravagance that grew up
in the midst of a great civil war must not be
permitted to become the settled condition of
our national life in time of peace, to be am-
plified and rooted in the institutions of this
country. This wasteful, corrupt, and degrad-
ing administrative system must be abolished
if in the future we are to have a Government
worthy of the name, a Government that shall
command the confidence and affection of the
peoffle.
While I am willing to support any measure
that tends in any degree to mitigate these
evjls, I am at the same time convinced that no
thorough reform can be accomplished but
through the executive department of the Gov-
ernment. The power to effect the needed re-
form is vested in the President, and no plan of
reform can succeed unless this power is exer-
cised with vigor in its consummation. That
power is not exerted in such a manner as to give
any hope to the country that the future wilt be
better than the past has been. The stream
cannot be purified while the fountain is im-
pure. The ultimate remedy for all these evils
is in the hands of the people themselves, and
whenever an Administration fails in its duty
