1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333
42d Cons....2d Sess.
North Carolina Sc.natorship—-Mr. Carpenter.
Senate.
of government; and while I maintain that it is
perfectly reasonable when applied to the elec-
tion of a Senator by an election viva voce, by
the limited number of electors which compose
a State Legislature, I freely admit that it can-
not be reasonably applied to an election by
ballot; hence I say that the Senator is not
warranted in drawing from this statute any
inference in regard to the opinion of Congress
upon the question now before us.
Mr. THCJRMAN. I will say to the Sena-
tor that 1 read case after case where the offi-
cer took his office by appointment, and yet
Congress removed his disabilities for the ex-
press purpose of allowing him to hold the
office, as the clerk or the reporter of a court,
the prosecuting attorney, the chancellor of
the State of Mississippi, and several other
cases.
Mr. CARPENTER. _ What did that prove?
Nothing more than this act proves. It did
not prove that we thought the man would have
a legal title to his office. That was a thing we
had uo business with.
Mr. THURJIAN. In one of the cases that
1 cited—that ot' Judge Moses, of South Caro-
lina—there was an election by the Legislature
viva voce.
Mr. CARPENTER. Very well ; whether
he was entitled to bold his office afier we re-
moved his disabilities, he having been elected
while under disability, was a question which
Congress had no jurisdiction to decide, and
did not attempt to decide. That question
Congress had no more risjht to determine than
had the Legislature of Wisconsin. Congress
had the power to remove his disabilities, and
did so ; but the effect of that removal upon his
prior election was a question to be decided by
the State tiibunals, and Congress did not at-
tempt to decide it. Had ii quo warranto bpen
prosecuted against Judge Moses in the name
of the State the day after Congress removed
his disabilities, it will not be pretended by any,
lawyer that the court would have been pre-
cluded by the act of Congress under consid-
eration. His right to hold the office was a
quesiiou to be determined by the State author-
ities, which Congress could not decide and
did not attempt to decide. Bt-fore passing
from this case (for I may not think of it again)
let me call the attention of the Senate to the
distinction between a void and a voidable act.
To illustrate what is meant in the law by a
voidable act, I may cite the deed of an infant.
It is called voidable, because the infant, by
proper proceedings, to be instituted within a
reasonable time alter the arrival of the infant
at maturity, may avoid the deed; but if such
proceedings be not had within such reasonable
time the deed becomes valid without affirma-
tive act on the part of the grantor. A void
act is one which at the time of its commission
is invalid by law, and will forever remain so
unless the law be changed. For instance, a
usurious contract declared to be void by the
law of the State in which it is made, is a void
contract, although the Legislature possess the
power to repeal such law and validate the con-
tract. Such contract is Void because it is
declared void by law when it is entered into,
and will forever remain Void unless the law
be changed. Applying these principles to fen
election it must follow that votes cast for a
person disqualified under the fourteenth amend-
ment at the time of the election, are not
voidable, but void; because by the law at
the time of the election such votes are null,
and will forever remain so unless Congress
shall interpose its authority. In other words,
the deed of an infant is merely voidable
because it will become valid by lapse of
time unless steps be taken to avoid it. A
usuiious contract, or an election in defiance
of the amendment, is void because it wilt
always remain ineffectual unless the legislative
authority shall interpose to give it validity.
And such a,ct remain? void until such inter-
position, notwithstanding the latent power to
render it valid.
The Senator then referred to th,e cases
of Best and Phillips, in North Carolina, to
the act of December 16, 1868, moved in the
Senate by the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Sawyer,] and to th.e case of Stokes of
Alabama, elected to a State office; and at that
point the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Al-
corn] made a suggestion in reference to the
election of members of the Legislature of
Mississippi, and $lso to the c$se of a State
judge appointed by himself. Then, said my
honorable friend from Ohio, after referring to
this case:
" Now. I put to my friends hero this question,
which I believe they cannot Successfully answer: I
gay to them that it is my belief, and I am very con-
fident of it. that no mitn elected to office or appointed
to office has ever asked Congress to remove his disa-
bilities tha-t they were not removed except this very
man Vanco."
In every instance in which the Senate has
passed any such bill the election wa? either to
a State office or to the House of Represent-
atives, and in every case the election w P by
ballot, and in all the particulars which I point
out distinguishable Irorji t|ip case of the elec-
tionof a Senator, tp which, atid to which alone,
I would apply the rule of the conimon law.
We hftve relieved no Senator of hip disabilities
after his election, so as to seat him in this
body, and by t)ie very rules which the honor-
able Senator laid down for the examination of
the judicial decisions it is clear that these acts
cap have no effect as .precedents in this case.
Mr. THUBMAN. My friend c.ertstinly 0)is-
apprehendei} me. I cited these congressional
precedent? fpr the purpose of showing that
.Congress had pu,t this interpretation on the
third section ,q|f the foijFtepnib amendment,
and if they had put it in any bill ihey .passed,
whether it related to disabilities or not, if they
put that interpretation on that amendment,
that is a proper thing .to cite here.
Mr. CAltPiSN'fER. Nothing can be plainer
than tbfit the acts read do uut sustain that
proposition. In the first .place, the question
before Congress when those bills were passed
was not the question we are discussing at all.
1 do not care to repeat what X have said on
that subject; but (here is the distinction which
I am calling attention to, and which puts all
this legislation out of the category of a prece-
dent bearing on the question we are now con-
sidering.
The Senator then refer^d to the case of Mil-
ler. Miller was not disqualified under the four-
teenth amendment, he was simply unable to
take th,e test-oath. He never had been disquali-
fied under the fourteenth amendment, and he
had tjierjefore no disqualifications to be re-
moved. This oath was unconstitutional be-
yond all question if it be regarded as fixing a
qualification for th.e office of Senator. There
was not a Senator in this body who defended
it, conceding it to be a qualification. The
qualifications of a Senator a,re fixed by the
Constitution, and Congress can no mor,e add
to them thaja take from them, and, s.o far as.l
know, th.e te^t-oath never was defended in this
body upon th.e ground that the ability to take
it was a qualification. Such a tiling is too
plain to talk about. Besides, in the pase of
Miller, whatever disadvantages he labored
under in consequence ot' his treason had been
removed by the President's general pardon.
Therefore to apply that act, if it had been con-
stitutional in general, to hiscase, after his par-
don, would have beeu to p.uuish him for vhat
he had been pardoned tor, and would have
been a violation of another provision pf the
Constitution.
So, Mr. President, the case of Miller has
not the slightest application, and the honorable
Senator from Ohio is too good a lawyer to
think it has; but he was in the high tide <5f
citing eases, his mettle was up, and he had
these acts and cases before him, and he could
not stop as long as he could see the name of a
man in the whole line of legislative proceed-
ings ; and he has dragged in the case of Mil-
ler here in a manner which authorizes me to
return to him the left-handed compliment he
paid me the other day, by saying that his
doing so is entirely unworthy of his great ability.
Then the Senator referred to Gallatin's case
and Shields's case and Yulee's case. I shall
take no more time about Gallatin's case. I
Stated the other day—and 1 have read the re-
port of that case since to see if I could be
mistaken, and I was not—that the testimony
there shows conclusively that the Legislature
believed that he was qualified. He believed
so himself. No man said to the contrary. It
is true that on the first occasion of his name
ljeing suggested he said t)iat he was not quali-
fied in respect .of citizenship, but that is ex-
plained subsequently by showing that he sup-
posed the Constitution required him to have
been fpr so many years a citizen of the State
frop jvhich hp was elected. On finding out
that such was not the provision of the Consti-
tution, he declared himself eligible, and the
Legislature immediately elected him.
Then we come to Yulee's case, and here it
becomes my duty to call attention to the
remarkable manner in which the honorable
Senator from Ohio dealt with that case. It
will be remembered that the Legislature of
Florida, in its legislative capacity, had passed
this resolution:
" IlpHohtcl, That a majority of all the members-
elect composing the two houses of General Assembly
sTih.Il bo necess Vry to determine all elections devolv-
ing upon that,body."
Speaking upon this the Senator from -Ohio
goes on to'-say that that resolution passed by
One Legislature was not binding upon another;
it was not binding upon the Legislature which
Yulee claimed bad elected htm. The honor-
able Senator overlooked the fact that the reso-
lution which was passed by the two houses in
legislative capacity was passed to regulate
proceedings iu the joint assembly, and he must
admit that the joint assembly had no authority
to repeal this legislative resolution. The joint
assembly was not a legislative body, but a
body convened solely for the purpose of elect-
ing a Senator, and a law which had been passed
bv both houses of the Legislature regulating the
manner of conducting such election was bind-
ing upon ihat joint assembly, and it could
neither repeal it nor disregard it. Though the
validity of this resolution was attacked by Mr.
Yulee, the committee held that the resolution
had been duty passed and had never beeu
rescinded ; that it was consistent with the
Constitution of the Onited States empowering
the Legislature of a'State to regulate the time,
place, and manner of electing a Senator ; and
tbat it was conclusive against the right assert-
ed by Yulee, and the resolution reported by
the committee, declaring ihat Mailory had been
duly elected, passed •   the Senate without a
dissenting vote. In the report of ihat case, the
committee, alter dete'nniiVtng tha't under the
resolution of the Legislature Wfore quoted
Yulee was not entitled to "a %at,~ Say :
"This being the viejv whieli the committee take
■of the case. There is lib atottesW ^tarsui'fig thS
subject further, smceMr. not obt^m votes
sufficient to etecthnn."
The co mm it lee ,tb;en $otiee,the fact that the
members of Jtfee IjegklaWe evidently voted
upon ,the sagpflsitio.n t£#t the resolution jvas
valid, and say that—
"Even conceding the resolution to be invalid, yet
the mefnbers in the election Were misguided Oy what
they'hael a risht'to considor as authority, ana must
have acted under a 'misconception of right which
stood, as they supposed, unquestioned. If this be
so, they stand substantially in I us eouduioii of an
