1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3969
find that in Illinois the value of the tobacco
which paid the thirty-two-cent tax was $1,-
442,000, and that which paid the sixteen-cent
tax was $480, 000. That which paid the thirty-
two-cent tax in the State of Illinois was about
three times as much as that which paid the
sixteen-cent tax.
Mr. LOGAN. It is manufactured there.
Mr. AMES. Yes, sir; it is manufactured
there ; that is the manufacturing point 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's five minutes have expired. Does he
withdraw his amendment?
Mr. AMES. I prefer to have a vote on my
amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I desire to be
heard upon that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must inform the Senator from Mississippi that
his motion is not in order at this time. The
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, has
agreed to the amendment of the Committee
on Finance striking out "twenty" and insert-
ing "twenty-four."
Mr. AMES. Then I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I only spoke a minute
and a half, and therefore I am entitled to the
rest of the five minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can move
an amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will renew the amend-
ment of the Senator from Mississippi.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is not
in order; but the Senator from Michigan will
proceed for the residue of his five minutes.
Mr. CHANDLER. Of the amount of
tobacco consumed last year there were of the
class paying thirty-two cents per pound, sixty-
four million six hundred thousand pounds.
Of the class that paid sixteen cents per pound
there were thirty million five hundred thousand
pounds consumed, yielding a revenue to the
Government of $25,560,000. Those who con-
sume the class that pays thirty-two cents tax
have found no fault. My honorable friend
from Texas, whom I esteem, says that no
tobacco user was before the committee. That
is a mistake ; I was there myself. [Laughter.]
There were tobacco consumers there, as well
as tobacco producers and tobacco manufac-
turers. Last year the tobacco revenue was
$33,578,907. Of that sum fourteen Statespaid
$30,736,302, in the following order, to wit:
the State of New York paid 88,804,829; the
State of Virginia paid $4,363,9X1 ; the State
of Pennsylvania, $2,870,768; the State of
Ohio, $2,543,999 ; the State of Illinois,
$2,294,143; the State of Missouri, $2,106,974:
the State of Maryland, $1,544,413 ; the State
of Kentucky, $1,488,262; the State of Mich-
igan, $1,409,040; the State of California,
$1,072,114; the State of North Carolina,
$861,552; the State of Massachusetts, $548,-
595 ; the State of New Jersey, $557,601 ; the
State of Wisconsin, $530,101. Those four-
teen States paid of the whole tax collected on
tobacco, which was thirty-three million and
some hundred thousand dollars, $30,736,000.
There is no complaint from either a producer
or a consumer of tobacco. I believe that
every one of these fourteen States that paid
this $30,736,000, which was the whole amount
except $2,800,000 paid in full in all the States,
ask that this tax remain as it is at sixteen and
thirty-two cents, and il'you change this tax, if
you putitattwenty-four or at twenty cents, you
reduce the revenue by at least $9,000,000.
My honorable friend from Mississippi is
mistaken. He says there is no tobacco sold
at less than a certain price. I was offered
yesterday fifty ions of stems at ten dollars a
ton to take and put upon my farm if this bill
passes. If this bill passes, I can have them
to use upon my farm.
Mr. AMES. I said the stems were shipped
abroad at one cent a pound.
Mr. CHANDLER. That very stem is what
you propose now to charge twenty-four cents
42d Gong. 2d Sess.—No. 249.
a pound upon, and there are a great many
million pounds of stems to-day cut up and
used as smoking tobacco.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. SCOTT. I have listened with very
considerable interest as a member of the Com-
mittee on Finance to this discussion about the
taxing of tobacco, and I am entirely satisfied
that one ground upon which it is endeavored
to adjust it in the Senate has nothing at all
to do with the question. It has been argued
as if the value of the article taxed was the
basis for taxation, and we have been told
about the value of that which is used by the
poor man as his smoking tobacco, and that
which is used by the rich man as his chewing
tobacco. Mr. President, there are certain
articles which have always been selected as
prcper objects of taxation, whether you call
it taxation upon luxury or taxation upon vice,
in nearly all nations, and among these are
tobacco and spirituous liquors; and if we
look at the rates of taxation we find that value
is almost entirely discarded in adjusting this
tax. For instance 
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Allow me to
interrupt the Senator.'
Mr. SCOTT. I have but five minutes alto-
gether.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I simply want
to ask a question. The Senator remarked that
it had always been the rule to levy a tax on
tobacco 
Mr. SCOTT. I cannot hear the Senator
and I prefer that he should follow me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania declines to yield, and
he cannot be interrupted without his consent.
Mr. SCOTT. Among these, as I have said,
are tobacco and spirituous liquors; and if we
look at the tax on tobacco now, we find that
that is the case. For instance, take the arti-
cle of cigars; the internal tax upon cigars is
five dollars a thousand. It does not make
any difference whether it is the cigar that sells
at twenty-five cents apiece or. in the popular
language, at a cent a grab. They all pay the
same internal tax. So if you take whisky;
the tax is put at seventy cents a gallon in this
bill; it has been fifty cents a gallon. It makes
no difference whether the whisky is the ordin-
ary corn whisky, worth fifteen cents a gallon,
or whisky that is worth a dollar a gallon. So
if you go to duties; the duty upon all brandy
is two dollars, as the tax is on whisky, without
regard to its valuation.
These are selected as proper objects upon
which to raise a revenue, and the only ques-
tion is as to the mode of taxation and the
proper amount to fix upon them. Now, as to
the mode, the head of the internal revenue
department, after a very full experience, both
as a revenue officer before he became the head
of the department, and in the administration
of the department, gives as his opinion that a
uniform tax will avoid many of the frauds that
have been committed, and fixing the rate at
twenty-four cents he informs us that it will yield
about the same revenue that is now yielded by
having the two rates of sixteen cents upon
smoking and thirty-two cents upon chewing
tobacco. That is his opinion.
Mr. SHERMAN. No ; I have his statement
here before me, showing that the loss will be
between three and four millions.
Mr. SCOTT. I read his statement from his
report:
"My own opinion is that with the tax at twenty-
four cents, taking into account the natural increase
of revenue as shown between the collections of suc-
ceeding years and with the advantage of some legis-
lation hereinafter recommended, we shall be able to
keep the collections from tobacco up to (hose from
present rates."
That is from the last report. So we have
the two points: first that frauds will be pre-
vented, and second that the revenues will be
very near the same amount. I admit there is
a falling off at first; but we have these opinions
as a matter of administration, and taking these
opinions and the fact that this taxation is not
based upon value, I come to the conclusion
that the better mode is (and I came to that
conclusion as a member of the Committee on
Finance) to adopt a uniform rate of twenty-
four cents, which will give us about or nearly
the same amount of revenue we now get from
the complicated system of sixteen and thirty-
two cents a pound.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JOHNSTON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Virginia has once addressed the Senate
on this amendment.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. President, the
Senator from Michigan told us what a waste
of tobacco would be made if we destroyed this
tax. I should like to put a question to the
Senator. Suppose you were to take away
all the tax, both on the indifferent and on
the good tobacco, where would he be ? He
would have more tobacco to enrich bis ianda
than ever was heard of. If you take away this
tax entirely I presume all grades would stand
on an equality, and such a thing has been as
that, and I hope will be again. It is only on
account of the debt that we owe, which my
friend from Pennsylvania so clearly stated,
that we select articles that will bear taxation,
and therefore whisky and tobacco have been
taken. Take what we call in Kentucky red-
eye whisky, and the best Bourbon, that costs
eight or ten dollars a gallon, and the tax is the
same on each.
Now, why should you discriminate in favor
of tobacco? My friend from Illinois thought
that- there was a great inequality in this. I
hold in my hand manufactured tobacco from
just the sweepings, just the plugs; it is put into
this form, worth five or six cents a pound. It
is smoked by laboring men. They prefer to
have it in this shape in order to smoke it. And
yet you tax that tobacco thirty-two cents be-
cause it undergoes this process of manufac-
ture. I also hold in in my hand the finest cut
tobacco that can be made out of the Virginia
leaf, superfine, and you tax that sixteen cents.
Is that justice? Is that equality? I think not.
As for the supposition that we shall not
raise enough revenue, I refer first to the ex-
perience of the Internal Revenue Commis-
sioner. Then I refer further to the fact that
there is a great deal of leaf now which is not
manufactured at all which would be manufac-
tured if you put the tax down to a uniform,
regular rate, and the Government would realize
from fifteen hundred thousand to two million
dollars from that source. Then, in addition
to that, there are a great many frauds com-
mitted now upon the Government which would
be avoided if we come down to uniformity,
which is at least equality and justice.
These considerations, it seems to me, ought
to decide the Senate. Where shall we look
for accurate information as to what this tax, as
now proposed by the Committee on Finance,
will realize, but to the internal revenue officers,
whose business it is to watch, and year by year
to see the effect of taxes in regard to the
increase or decrease of revenue? We have
that on our side in regard to this uniform tax.
Mr. MORTON. May I ask the Senator a
question?
Mr. STEVENSON. With pleasure.
Mr. MORTON. I understand the Senator
to make this statement: that a large part of
the tobacco that is taxed thirty-two cents a
pound is of the very poorest arid cheapest
quality.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do. I have a speci-
men in my hand made out of the swcepiDgs. As
a professional man, I have had some expe-
rience in respect to this tax. I could cite the
Senate to a case where the manafacturers of
tobacco in my town went to the Revenue col-
lector and assessor and asked them whether
they should put this tobacco for smoking pur-
poses in plug form, and they told them yes,
