1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
385
to a law of nature. The ox of the Roman
campagna is gray. Tbe herds on the batiks
of tbe Xanthus were yeliow, on the banks of
the Clitumnus they were white. In Corsica
animals are spotted. The various colors of
the human family belong to the same mystery.
There are white, yellow, red, and black, with
intermediate shades, but no matter what their
hue, they are always mex, gifted with a com-
mon manhood and entitled to common rights.
Dr. Johnson made short work with the famous
paradox of Berkley, denying the existence of
matter. Stamping his foot on a stone, he ex-
claimed. " I refute it thus." And so in reply
to every pretension against the equal rights of
all, to every assertion of right founded on the
skin, to every denial of right because a man
is something else than white, I point to that
common manhood, which knows no.dis'inc-
tion of color, and thus do I refute the whole
inhuman, unchristian paradox.
THE WORD " WHITE."
Observe, if you please, how lit:!-; the word
"white" is authorized to play the great part
it performs, and how much of an intruder it
is in all its appearances. In those two title-
deeds, the Declaration of Independence and
the Constitution, there are no words of color,
whether white, yellow, red, or black ; but
here is the fountain out of which all is derived.
The Declaration speaks of "all men" and
not of '• all white men and the Constitu-
tion says, "We the people," and not "We
the white people." Where, then, is the au-
thority for any such discrimination, whether by
the nation or any component part? There
is no fountain or word for it. The fountain
failing, and the word non-existent, the whole
pretension is a disgusting usurpation, which is
more utterly irrational, when it is considered
that the authority for such an outrage can be
found only in positive words, plain and unam-
biguous in meaning. This was the rule with
regard to Slavery, and it must be the same
with regard to this pretension. It cannot be
invented, imagined, or implied; it must bo
found in the very text; and this I assert ac-
cording to fixed principles of jurisprudence.
In its absence. Equably is the supreme law of
the land, " and the judges in eveiy State shall
be bound thereby, anything in the constitution
or laws of atiy State to the contrary notwith-
standing."
This conclusion is rectiforced by the consti-
tutional amendment abolishing Shivery ; but, I
prefer to dwell on the original text of the Con
stitution, in presence of which you might as
well undertake to make a kinj as to degrade
a fellow-citizen on account of his skin.
There is also t he original common law, ante-
dating and interpreting the Constitution, which
knew no distinction of color. One of the great-
est judges that ever sat in Westminster Hall,
Lord Chief Justice Holt, declared in senten-
tious judgment, worthy of perpetual memory,
"The common law takes no notice of negroes
being different from other men. " (Smith vs.
Gould,2Lord Raym., 1274.) This was in 170G,
seventy years before the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, so that it was well known to our
fathers as part of that common law to which,
according to the Continental Congress, the
several States were entitled. (Story, Com-
mentaries on Constitution, Vol. 1, \ 199 note.)
Had these remarkable words been uttered by
any judge in Westminster Hall, they would
have been important, but they are enhanced
by the character of their illustrious author, to
whom belongs the kindred honor of first declar-
ing from the bench that a slave cannot breathe
in England.
Among the ornaments of English law none
has a purer fame than Lord Chief Justice Holt,
who was emphatically a great judge, being an
example of learning and firmness, of impar-
tiality and mildness, with a constant instinct
for justice and a rare capacity in upholding it.
His eminent merits have arrested the admira-
4 2d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 25.
tion cf his biographer, Lord Campbell, who
does not hesitate to say, that "of all judges
in our annals Holt has gained the highest rep-
utation, merely by the exercise of judicial func-
tions," and then again, in striking words,
that "he may be considered as having a
genius for magistracy, as much as our Milton
had for poetry or our Wilkie for painting. "
(Campbell'x Lives of the Chief Justices, I'ol.
II, pp. 118 and 135.) And this rarest, magis
trate tells us judicially, "that the common law
takes no notice of negroes being different from
other men ; " in other words, it makes no dis-
crimination on account of color. This judg
mentis a torch to illumine the Constitution,
while it, shows how naturally our fathers in the
great Declaration said, "al men," and not
" a'l white men." and in the Constitution said,
"We the people," and not "We the white
people."
In melancholy contrast with the monumental
judgment of the English Chief Justice, are
judicial decisions in our own country, espe-
cially that master-piece of elaborate inhuman-
ity, the judgment of our late Chief Justice in
the Dred Scott case. But it is in the States
that the word "white" has been most, con-
sidered. Such learned debate on the lights
of man dependent on complexion, would ex-
cite a smile, if it did not awaken indignation
There is Ohio, a much-honored Slate, rej lieing
in prosperity, intelligence, and constant liberty;
but even this eminent civiliz ition hits not saved
its supreme court from sabt.letie-s of ieiine-
ment on different shades of human color. In
the case of Lake vs. Baker et al , (1'2 Ohio
Rep., 237,) this learned tribunal decided that
a child of negro, Indian, and white blond, but,
of more than one half white, was entitled to
the benefits of the common-school fund. Bui
in a later case the same court decided that
"children of three eighths African and five
eighths white blood, but who arc distinctly
colored and generally treated and regarde 1 as
colored children by the community where they
reside, are not, as of right, entitled to admis
sion into the common schools set apart, for the
instruction ofwhiteyouths." (Campys. Board
of Education of Logan, 9 Ohio State Rep , p.
400.) Unhappy children ! Even five eighths
white blood could not save them, if in their
neighborhood they weie known as "colored."
But this magic of color showed itself yet more
in the precedent of Polly Gray vs. The Stale
of Ohio, (4 Ohio liep , 8~>3,) a case of robbery,
where the prisoner, appearing o:i inspection
" to be of a shade of color between mulatto and
white," a negro was admitted to testify against
her, and she was convicted; but on grave con-
sideration by the whole court, it was decided
that the witness was wrongly admitted, 'and
the judgment was reversed; and the decision
stands on these words: "A negro is not an
admissible witness against a quadroon on
trial eharged with crime!" Into this absurd-
ity of injustice was an eminent tribunal con-
ducted by the ignis fatuus of color.
These are specimens only. To what mean
ness of inquiry has not the judicial mind de-
scended in the enforcement of an odious preju-
dice ? Such decisions are adiscredit to Repub-
lican Government, and so also is the exist-
ing practice of public institutions in harmony
with them. The words of the gospel aie ful-
filled, and the gieat Republic "conceived in
liberty and dedicated to the proposition that,
all men are created equal," becomes "like
unto whited sepuichers, which, indeed, appear
beautiful outward, but are within full of
dead men's bones and of all uneleanness."
(Matth., chap, xiii, v. 27.) Are not sueh
decisions worse than dead men's bones or any
uncleauness? All this is more irrational when
we recall the divine example, and th° admo-
nition addressed to the prophet: "But the
Lord said unto Samuel, Look not on his coun-
tenance. for the Lord seeth not as man seeth;
for man looketh at the outward appearance,
but the Lord looketh at Ih.e hear/..'' (l Sam-
uel. chap, xvi, v. 7.) To the pretension of
looking at the skin and measuiing its vari-
ous pigments in the-det.erminaiion of rights. I
reply that the heart and not the countenance
must, be our guide. Not on the skin can we
look, though "white" as the coward heart
of Macbeth, according to the reproach of his
wife ; but on that within constituting character,
which showed itself supremely in Toussaint
L'Ouveiture. making him though black as
night a luminous example, and which is now
manifest, in a virtuous and patriotic people
asking for their rights. Where justice prevails
all depends on character. Nor can any shade
of color be an apology for interference with
that consideration to which character is justly
en'itled.
Thus it, stands. The word "white" found
no place in the original common law, nor did
it iind any place afterward in our two title-
deeds of constitutional liberty, each interpret-
ing the other, and being the fountain out of
which are derived the rights and duties of the
American citizen. How then can it become
a limitation upon the citizen? By what title
can any one say, "I am a white lord?"
Every statute and all legislation, whether na-
tional or State, must he in complete conform-
ity with the two title-deeds. To these must
they bo brought as to an unerring touchstone,
and it, is the same with the State as with the
nation. Strange, indeed, if an odious dis-
crimination, without support in the original
common law or the Constitution, and openly
condemned by the Declaration of Independ-
ence, can escape judgment by skulking wi'hiti
State lines. Wherever it shows itself, what-
ever form it takes, it is the same bare-faced
and insufferable imposture, a mere relic of
Slavery to be treated always with indignant
contempt and trampled out as an unmitigated
"humbug." The word may not bo juridical.
I should not use it if it were unparliamentary ;
but I know no term which expresses so well
the little foundation for this pretension.
CITIZENSHIP.
That this should continue to flannt, now that
Slavery is condemned, increases the inconsist-
ency. By the decree against, that wrong all
semblance of apology was removed. Ceasing
to be a slave the former victim has become not
only a man, but a citizen, admitted alike within
the pale of humanity and within the pale of
citizenship. As a man he is entitled to all the
rights of man, and as a citizen he becomes a
memberof our common household with equal-
ity as the prevailing law. No longer an Afri-
can, he is an American ; no longer a slave, he
is a component part of the Republic, owing to
it patriotic allegiancc in return for the protec-
tion of equal laws. By ineorporation with the
body-politic he becomes a partner in that
transcendent unity, so that there can be no
injury to him without injury to all. Insult to
him is insult to an American citizen. Dis-
honor to him is dishonor to the Republic itself.
Whatever he may have been, he is now the
same as ourselves. Our rights are his rights ;
our equality is his equality; our privileges and
immunities are hisgreat possession. To enjoy
this citizenship, people irorn afar, various in
race and complexion, seek our shores, losing
here all distinctions of birth, as, into the
ocean all rivers flow, losing all trace of origin
or color, and there is but one uniform expanse
of water where each particle is like every other
particle and all are subjectto the same law. In
this citizenship the Airican is now absorbed.
In ancient times the cry, "I am a Roman
citizen," arrested the scourge of the lictor;
and this cry, with its lesson of immunity, has
resounded through the ages, testifying to
Roman greatness. Once it was on the lips of
Paul, as appears in the familiar narrative:
"And as they bound him with thongs, Paul sitjd
unto the centurion that stood by, X- it lawful for
you to seourgo a man that is a ?oman and union-
demned?
