1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
New York come in and oppose the bill and
seek to throw it back into the chaos of busi-
ness of a committee thatcannot be called again
this session, rather than stand up, as I had
hoped he would, and help to amend and make
perfect so important, so benevolent a measure
as this ?
Bat how does the gentleman attack it? The
gentleman attacks it by a communication, the
original date of which, May 24,1870, is erased.
This most important letter which he has
read was written long before this bill was in-
troduced, and the words "the amendment of
March 24, 1872," are interlined in that letter,
but on the back is the indorsement, "May 24,
1870," unerased, and the very name of the
writer of this important letter, which I sup-
posed the gentleman presented here as speak-
ing the sentiments of the united wisdom of
thousands and hundreds of thousands of ship-
ping men and importers of Iho country—the
very name of the writer is so obliterated that
the human eye cannot fathom it nor trace the
lines which might indicate to his vision who
wrote this important production; and it is
upon such evidence as that that the gentleman
relies for his opposition to this bill.
Mr. WOOD. I will relieve the gentleman
from any anxiety under which he labors.
Mr. CONGER. Oh, no, I do not wish to'
be relieved. I am in no agony and no distress.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WOOD. I propose to administer to
the gentleman a little consolatory information.
The bill now reported by the gentleman is the
same bill which was before the House in the
last Congress ; it is identically the same bill
with one or two technical alterations.
Mr. CONGER. How about the date of
this letter?
Mr. WOOD. The remonstrance which I
had read was signed in New York yesterday
and sent to me by one of the leading mer-
chants ofNew York, whose letter I have.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman from New
York has had his hour. He is an expert
speaker and a scholarly statesman. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman has made a
statement which I wish to correct.
Mr. CONGER. He understands the rules
of the House and can get the floor when an
ignorant young man from the West cannot get
it. [Laughter.]
Mr. WOOD. I thought the gentleman was
in some'trouble and wanted to be relieved.
Mr. CONGER. Not at all. I told the gen-
tleman I was in no difficulty. I am sailing
under a fair wind now. [Laughter.]
Mr. WOOD. Then I will take an opportun-
ity of correcting the gentleman at some other
time.
Mr. CONGER. 1 do not wish any other
hand to take the rudder at this present mo-
ment.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as to this long letter, I
do not know but that the gentleman who wrote
it may be the best-informed gentleman that
God ever permitted to grace His footstool in
the United States since the beginning of time;
but his name is obliterated, gone among the
things to be forgotten forever, and no man can
recall it.
Now, that is one of the means of attacking
this bill—a bill in the interest of humanity; a
bill in the interest of Christianity; a bill in the
interest of morality; a bill in the interest of
family relations; a bill to protect the sailor
himself, to protect his children, and to save
him from the sharks that prey upon him in the
dens and cellars of New York city or any other
city where there are such dens and cellars.
Now, the gentleman says that the memorial
which he presented here contains names of a
large number of the shipping men of New
York. I say to the gentleman that, being un-
acquainted with those names myself, I have
called the attention of others to them, and I
have been told—and I may be corrected by
42d Coxg. 2d Sess.—No. 137.
those who know better—that upon the rolls of
the Chamber of Commerce and Board of Trade
are the names of all the principal shippers,
importers, ship-owners, and persons interested
and persons fo be interested in the passage of
this bill. I want here to make this further
remark: the gentleman complained that this
bill is being compulsory to these ship-owners
to employ these commissioners.
If the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood,] or any other gentleman, will read the
eighth section of this bill, he will find a pro-
vision that any ship-master or ship-owner may
ship his own crew on all coast-wise vessels. It
is only in the case of those vessels that go to
foreign countries—those vessels that go forth
upon unknown and distant seas, beyond the
reach of our laws, and beyond the protection of
our own officers of the law—that the provisions
of this bill are necessarily enforced. For all
vessels engaged in our coast-wise navigation
it is specially provided by section eight (and I
call the attention of members to that section)
that the ship-master or ship-owner may ship
his own crew, independent of all these pro-
visions.
Then it comes to this, that for those vessels
that are going beyond the reach of our laws,
which go forth upon the high seas beyond
our jurisdiction, there shall be thrown around
the sailor the protection of the law, the muni-
ments of such an act as this for his defense
and the defense of his family and his children.
If there ever was a law that appeals more than
this to the higher and nobler instincts of our
nature as Representatives of the American
people, I have yet to know of it.
Sir, there are three hundred thousand sail-
ors to whom this law will directly apply, and
with their families probably more than a mil-
lion persons will be affected by it. The in-
terests of our commerce, the interests of the
ship-masters, demand the passage of this bill.
The interests of morality, decency, and pro-
priety, every high and noble and commanding
interest that can engage the attention of the
human mind, of the enlightened human soul,
demand that gentlemen shall give this bill at
least full consideration and shall assist in per-
fecting it. And I do not envy the wishes,
or the feelings, or the fate of the man who in
this House shall stop us from passing some
law to protect that great class of our people
who are helpless if reckless, while every other
civilized nation upon the globe has upon its
statute-book some law of a similar kind to
protect their seamen.'
The gentleman from New York, with a de-
gree of what, if it were parliamentary and
courteous to say so, (and I know it is not, and
therefore shall not say so,) with a degree of
what outside of the House might be termed
unfairness, appealed at least to western mem-
bers, who dwell where there are no rivers, no
lakes, no ocean, where there are only prairies,
and where the ships upon the prairies are only
wagons 
Mr. WOOD. The gentleman misquotes mc.
Mr. CONGER. I have only enlarged upon
the gentleman's idea, which could not be com-
prehended by common minds perhaps until it
was diluted a little, as I have endeavored to do.
Mr. WOOD. I said that gentlemen whose
districts were not upon the sea-board should
not deceive themselves with the idea that the
rules and regulations provided by this bill will
not affect them ; thatwhiletbe commissioners
were to be confined to ports of entry, yet under
the sixty-sixth section of this bill its provis-
ions are in terms made applicable to river and
lake navigation; that the construction of the
word "ship" or "vessel" was intended to
apply to any boat, and that the construction
of the word "seamen" under this act was
intended to apply to all persons employed upon
steamboats and river craft. That is what I said.
Mr. CONGER. Thatis the same idea I in-
tended to convey.
Mr. WOOD. T think not.
Mr. CONGER. Only a little more beauti-
fully expressed, that is all. Now, the first
section of this act defines that the powers of
the commissioners and the number of com-
missioners themselves under this act shall be
limited; and by an amendment which the gen-
tleman could not have noticed they are to be
confined to "sea-port or sea-ports." .Now,
does the gentleman think the Wabash river a
sea-port or sea-ports?
Mr. WOOD. Thatis conditional.
Mr.-CONGER. The powers of the commis-
sioners are confined in their extent to those
places contemplated by the first section.
But, sir, the gentleman had very adroitly
almost succeeded in withdrawing my attention
from the point to which I was seeking to
arrive ; and I am glad that I have now an
opportunity to go back to it, notwithstanding
his ingenuity.
The gentleman appealed to western and
northwestern members, and those who dwell
where there are no navigable waters, where
there are no sea-ports, to be on their guard
lest the provisions of this bill shonld follow
them to their forest homes, should reach them
upon the prairies, should overtake them in the
intervales, should climb to the top of the mount-
ains after them, and injure them or their con-
stituents. Why, sir, what an attack that was
upon this bill! It was an effort to enlist the
sympathies of myself, as a western man, and
my fellows from the western and northwestern
States, as if we had not intelligence enough to
see that the provisions of this bill do not affect
the tops of the mountains, do not center in the
western prairies. I merely allude to this point
to show how the gentleman has adroitly ap-
pealed to the prejudice which may be excited
in the minds of myself and others by such con-
siderations ; for 1 confess I am susceptible of
being influenced in that way. [Laughter.]
I desire to call the attention of gentlemen \
living in the forests or on the prairies of the
Northwest to the fact that their constituents
will not be injured by the enactment of this
bill in its application to themselves; but on
the contrary, Mr. Speaker, they will enjoy
their share of the benefits which will flow to
an enliglited nation from the removal of im-
moral influences from the sea-faring class of
our people, the protection of them in their
rights, and the securing to themselves and their ,
families the enjoyment of the products of their
labor, so that their earnings shall not go to
the keepers of dens and houses of prostitution—
to the thieves and sharks who dwell under-
ground in our large cities, and make it their
business to undermine the morals and the
health of the sailor, and to absorb his money
and property, which should go to the support
of his family, if he has any. -1
But, sir, I cannot touch upon all the points
on which I desire to dwell. The gentleman
says there is no provision in this bill that a
sailor who is intoxicated shall not be shipped.
Is that the fact? The gentleman well says
that seamen should not be shipped in a state
of beastly intoxication. But, sir, this bill
provides that before the seaman shall go upon
the vessel he shall appear personally before
one of these commissioners, before whom he
shall sign the shipping agreement, which shall
Ise read by or to him. Is it to be supposed
that our circuit courts will appoint such com-
j missioners as will ship brutally intoxicated
i men and send them on board our vessels?
[Here the hammer fell.]
; Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I move
that the gentleman from Michigan be allowed
| sufficient time to finish his remarks. He has
■ given great attention to this subject, and as
i my colleague [Mr. Wood] had all the time he
, wished, 1 move that the gentleman from Mieh-
' igan have the same privilege.
! The SPEAKER tempore, (Mr. Wheel-
! er.i How much time does the gentleman
I from Michigan desire?
Mr. CONGER. I should have desired, if
