2178
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 45
I had not rambled somewhat, to notice the
principal or leading points which the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Wood] has made.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gen-
tleman specify the time he desires ?
Mr. CONGER. I will take ten minutes
more if the House will grant me so much
time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there
objection to granting to the gentleman from
Michigan ten minutes additional ?
Mr. STORM. I object.
Mr. CONGER. Very well. I do not ask
further time, if the House will proceed with
the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope there will be no
objection to allowing the gentleman to pro-
ceed.
Mr. STORM. 1 withdraw my objection,
Mr. CONGER. I thank the House for its
courtesy in this matter, and I thank my friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Storm,] who has
raised a little storm upon me, [laughter,] as
he did the'other day when he called me his
II Japanese friend." • 1 thank him for his
courtesy in withdrawing his objection.
I was saying that under our law in its pres-
ent condition there is no restraint whatever
upon taking on board ships men in a most
beastly state of intoxication, who may be far
out upon the waters of the ocean before they
become conscious of the fact that they have
left the den or the cellar where they became
drunk.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Is there
any provision in this bill to prevent that?
Mr. CONGER. There is a provision that
no man shall be shipped until he has person-
ally appeared before one of the commission-
ers and in his presence signed the shipping
papers, which he is to read or have read to
mm ; and I assume that the commissioners
will not ship a man if he is intoxicated.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Precisely
the same thing is done now. There is nothing
in this bill to prevent a man getting drunk.
The seaman is generally sober when ho is
shipped.
JMr. CONGER. I have no objection to any
amendment to perfect this bill. I have invited
all such amendments from the beginning.
I desire such amendments to be moved now
if gentlemen have them to propose. Let this
bill be perfected now and passed ; but do not
let it be recommitted to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I would like to ask
the gentleman from Michigan whether he is
willing to have one feature of this bill changed
to which there is decided objection. Is he
willing to a change of the manner of appoint-
ing these shipping commissioners? That part
of the bill is objected to by friends on this side
of the House, and if ho will allow these com-
missioners to be appointed by the Governors
of the States, he will secure agreat many votes
for the bill which he will not now get.
Mr. CONGER. 1 am very willing to agree
that the amendment shall be offered in order
to test the sense of the House.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. We want the ap-
pointments to be made by the Governors of
the States.
Mr. CONGER. This is a United States
law and should be under the control of United
States appointments. I will agree, however,
to the amendment being offered and voted on.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. We also object to
the fees fixed by the bill, and want them
reduced from two dollars to one dollar. They
are entirely too large as fixed in the bill.
Mr. CONGER. This fee-bill and schedule
were prepared by the Chamber of Commerce
of the city of New York as the best judgment
of the men composing that Chamber of' Com-
merce of the proper amount to be charged.
They are responsible for this foe-bill and
schedule; and I am sure it will be agreed by
gentlemen of the House that the Chamber of
Commerce of New York ought to know what
should be a proper fee-bill and schedule.
Now, Mr. Speaker, these different proposi-
tions will come up and be voted on. It is now
three o'clock, and as the agreement is that the
previous question shall be called at half past
four o'clock, lest by occupying the time of the
House further there may,.not be time left for the
reading of this bill through section by section
before that hour, I will withhold whatever
further remarks I may have occasion to make
to some more convenient opportunity, pre-
mising at the same time that i would not have
occupied a moment but for what seemed to me
to be a covert attack upon this proposition, to
take it from our consideration and recommit
it to the Committee on Commerce, which can-
not report again at this session. 1 hope this
bill will be perfected and passed. Whether
this or another of a similar nature is imma-
terial to me, for I am not wedded to any pet
form or scheme.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
pending section.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 12. That the master of every ship bound from
a port in the United States to any foreign port, or
of any ship of the burden of seventy-live tons or
upward, bound from a port on the Atlantic to a port
on the Pacific, or vice versa, shall, betore he proceed
on such voyage, make an agreement, in writing
or in print, with every seaman whom he carries
to sea as one of the crew in the manner hereinafter
mentioned; and every such agreement shall bo in
the form as near as may be as hereunto in table " P"
in the schedule annexed, and shall be dated at the
timeof thefirstsignaturethereof, and shall besigned
by the master betore anyseaman signs thesame, and
shall contain the following particulars, that, is to
say: first, the nature and, as tar as practicable, the
duration of the intended voyage or engagement, and
the port or country at which the voyage is to termin-
ate; secondly, the number and description of the
crew, specifying their respective employments;
thirdly, the time at which each seaman is to be oil
board to begin work; fourthly, the capacity in which
each seaman is to serve ; fifthly, the amount of wages
which each seaman is to receive ; sixthly, a scale of
the provisions which are to be furnished to each sea-
man; seventhly, any regulations as to conduct on
board, and as to fines, short allowance of provisions,
or other lawful punishments for m^eonduct, as may
be sanctioned by Congress as regulations proper to
be adopted and which the parties agree to adopt;
eighthtly, any stipulations in reference to advance
and allotment ofwages, or other matters not contrary
to law.
Mr. CONGER. I yield now to the gentle-
man from Maine to offer his amendmant.
Mr. HALE. I offer now the following
amendment, to come in at the end of the sse°
tion.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Add to section twelve:
Provided, That whenever the master of any vessel
shall engage his crew, or any part of the same, in
nstoms dial net, where no shipping commissioner
snail have been appointed under section one ot
this act, ho may perform for himself the duties of
such commissioner in like manner as is provided
by the proviso of section eight of this act.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, I can see there
are very many provisions in this act that com-
mend themselves to the judgment of those
who are interested in our commerce and ship-
pinginterests. I can see that evils which now
obtain iti the larger portion of this country
will be m some degree corrected by this bill.
But while that is true, it would also prove
cumbersome and harassing in the smaller
ports, whose commerce is yet to such ports a
matter of as much importance to their inhab-
itants as the commerce of the large ports to
their inhabitants. For instance, this bill pro-
vides in section twelve that the master of every
vessel bound from a port in the United States
; to any foreign port, or from a port in the
Atlantic to a port in the Pacific shall engage
110 crew until he shall first have gone before"a
United States commissioner and taken them
there and had them sworn before the Uuited
States commissioner j and the bill provides that
for each seaman so engaged there shall be a
lee of two dollars.
Mr._ CONGER. I presume there is no
objection to the amendment the gentleman
proposes.
Mr. HALE. If there be no objection to
my amendment, I do not want to use up the
time. But I will simply say to other gentle-
men who have not examined the matter as
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger]
has no doubt done, that this applies to small
ports, such as those in my own State, where a
vessel is loading for a foreign port, but where
no United States commissioner is appointed,
where the crew is perhaps engaged at home.
It would be a great hardship there if the mas-
ter of the vessel was obliged to take the crew
either before the commissioner or before a
collector of customs. But if the gentleman
from Michigan accepts the amendment, I will
not occupy more of the'time of the House.
Mr. CONGER. I presume there will be no
objection to the gentleman's amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WOOD. I ask unanimous consent to
go back to the twelfth section, for the purpose
of offering an amendment thereto.
Mr. CONGER. 1 hope we will be allowed
to go through the bill first before going back.
Mr. WOOD. I am desirous, if possible, of
perfecting this bill. I believe we are now on
the thirteenth section.
The SPEAKERjwo tempore, (Mr. Wheeler
in the chair.) The twelfth section has been
read, and is open to amendment.
Mr. CONGER. We had reached the thir-
teenth section.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Congek] consented
to return to the twelfth section to allow the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] to offer
his amendment. The twelfth section is open
to amendment.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to add to that section
the following proviso:
Provided, That steamers engaged in the West
India, Atlantic, and Pacific trades may employ and
pay their own crews, if employed for a period of not
less than one year, without the exercise of any
authority on the part of the commissioner.
I will state the object of this proviso. We
have four lines of steamships running be-
tween New York, Havana, Vera Cruz, and Rio
Janeiro. They are American lines, owned in
the State of New York, and run under the
American flag. Their mail steamships run
just as regularly as the ferry-boats.
Now, under the bill as it stands, every time
these steamships arrive at New York their
owners must go up to the commissioner's
office to settle with their crews, and every time
they saii they must go up to the commission-
er s office to procure a crew. The owners of
these vessels employ their men permanently.
I know the crews are paid by the month and
by the year by the purser of the ship. The
object of iny proviso is that so far as these
regular steamship lines are concerned they
shall not be subjected to the delay and expense
of this machinery. 1 desire that those regular
steamship lines may be omitted from the oper-
ation of this section.
Mr. CONGER. The object of the gentle-
man from New York will be entirely secured
by the shipping papers, which may extend to
one trip or to ten trips. The shipping papers
may be for a month, or a year, or for ten
voyages.
_ Mr. WOOD. I apprehend the gentleman
is: in error. There are several sections in the
bill, and particularly, I think, the third sec-
tion, which make it compulsory on ship-owners
to pay off their crews before the commis-
sioners.
Mr. COGGER. The payment has to be
made m accordance with the shipping articles,
and the shipping articles will control the length
of time or number of trips for which the men
are to be paid. But after a long voyage it is
usual to discharge a crew, to discharge, pay,
and reslup. I think the gentleman's object is
accomplished in the shipping papers.
Mr. WOOD. I do not see in the bill any
such reference to the shipping articles. I do
not see in the_ bill or in the appendixes to the
bill any_shipping articles whatever.
