8074
the congressional globe.
May 4,
which I send to the Clerk's desk with the
request that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
A bill (H. R. No. 1378) referring certain claims of
loyal citizens of the State of Missouri to the com-
missioners of claims appointed under the act of
Congress of the United States, approved March 3,
1871, and for other purposes.
Beit enacted by the Senateand House of Revresenta-
tiveeoj the United States of AmericainCongreuts assem-
bled, That tho commissioners of claims appointed
under the act of Congi ess of March 3,1871, are hereby
authorized and directed to receive, examine, and
consider the justice and validity of such claims as
accrued in the State of Missouri as shall be brought
before them by cirizens who resided therein, for
stores or supplies taken or furnished,or for property
used, damaged, or destroyed, for the use of the Army
of theUmted States, dunngthelate war forthe pres-
ervation of the Union, including the use, loss, dam-
age, or destruction of vessels or boats while employed
in or taken for the benefit of the military service of
the United Stales.
Sec. 'J. That to facilitate the settlement of these
claims, the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, shall appoint three special
commissioners to take testimony, who, apportion-
ing the duty among themselves*, shall visit tho most
convenient and accessible localities in the State for
that purpose, who shall take the testimony under
oath, receive all other sufficient evidence which
shall accompany each claim, taken under such rules
and regulations as the commissioners appointed by
the act of March 3, 1871, have already adopted or
may hereafter adopt, of the nature, quantity, qual-
ity. and value of the property alleged to have been
taken, furnished, used, damaged, or destroyed, and
tiie time, place, and material circumstances of the
taking, furnishing, using, damaging, or destroying
of ihe same, and of the loyalty of the claimants,
and shall report a.U the evidence they m v collect
to the commissioners of claims sitting in Washing-
ton, who shall then proceed to consider the same
and make their awards in the manner now provided
by law.
Si<,0. 3. That the saidspecialcommissioners to take
testimony shall each take tiie oath of office provided
by law; and they shall receive ten dollars per day
for each day actually employed in taking testimony
as full compensation tor their services and ex-
penses, to be paid out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr, COMINGO. On the same day [also
introduced the following, which I also send to
Ihe Clerk's desk and request that it be read.
The Clerk read a? follows :
A bill(H. R. No. 1380) for the relief ofccrtain citizerrs
of the counties of Jackson, Cass, Bates, and Ver-
non, in the State of Missouri.
Be it enacted by the. Senate and IIous-c of Iie))rc. ent-
ativaff of the United States of America in Congress
ussemhU'd, That the citizens of the counties of Jack-
son, Cass, Bates, and Vernon, in the State of Mis-
souri, whoso property of any kind was lost, de-
stroyed, or appropriated by ihe Government of the
United States, in consequence or in pursu.incc of
Gcnoial Orders No. 11, issued August 23, 1883, by
Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, commanding the
district of the border during the late rebellion,
shall, at any time within three years after the
passage of this act, be permitted to present to the
Court of Claims, and to prosecute therein, in con-
lormity with the rules of practice in said court, their
claims for the value of the properly so lost, de-
stroyed, or appropriated, and all such claims not
presented or filed in said court within three years
after tho passage of this act shall be forever barred.
Skc. 2. That any claimant may, after his or her
claim has been filed in said court, take depositions
in suppoit of such claim befoie a notary public,
United States commissioner, or a commissioner ap-
pointed by said court; but no such deposition shall
bo read in evidence in support ot .*uch claim, unless
tho claimant or his agent or attorney bhall, at least
twenty days before the day on which the deposition
shall be taken, serve, on the solicitor or assistant
solicitor ol &aid court, a notice of the time and place
of taking such deposition, which noticc may be
served by the delivery of a copy thereof to said
solicitor or deputy solicitor, or by leaving a copy at
his omoe with his clerk, or by leaving a copy at his
usual place of abode with a member of his family
over fifteen years of age.
Seq. 3. That judgments in favor of claimants ren-
dered m pursuance of this act shall bo paid as other
judgments of said court or of the Supreme Court, on
appeal, are paid.
Mr. COMINGO. The first mentioned of
these bills was referred to the Committee of
Claims, arid the other to the Committee on
the Judiciary.^ That either will receive the
consideration it deserves is, in my opinion,
more than doubtful; that both should be favor-
ably reported and be made a part of the law
of the land does not, in my opinion, admit of
a doubt. My object just now is to bring the
provisions of these bills more prominently
bef®re the House by presenting as briefly as
possible the reasons for the opinion I enter-
tain as to their merits.
The effect of the first bill read is to include
the State of Missouri within the scope of the
act approved March 3, 1871, by the terms ol
which "loyal adherents to the cause and Gov-
ernment of the United States during the war "
may recover pay for property or supplies taken
by or furnished for the Army during the rebel-
lion, in any of the States declared in insurrec-
tion. This law is found in Statutes-at-Large,
volume sixteen pages 525 and 526, sections
two, three, four, five, and six. Its provisions are
just, so far as they extend, bat they are limited
in a mannerthat no just legislator can approve,
nor can any one find a satisfactory reason for
the restrictions, or at least some of the restric-
tions, thrown around its most important feature.
Why the operation of the law should have
been confined to the States declared in insur-
rection I cannot tell. In almost every State
in which our armies moved, property of one
kind and another was taken and used for the
Government by order of the officers in com-
mand, and without compensation to the own-
ers. If the loyal citizen of Tennessee or Vir-
ginia ought to be paid for his corn, hay, beef
cattle, horses, and mules, (aproposition which
an honest man will not controvert,) why should
not the loyal citizen of Missouri or Kentucky
who has been deprived of his property in the
same, manner be paid as well, and why should
he not be permitted to establish his claim be-
fore the same tribunal, or at all events by the
same character of testimony? An answer to
these questions, if they can be answered satis-
factorily, would reveal that which is now a
hidden mystery to many and an unpleasant
reality to those who are left without the pale
of the law to which I have referred.
It looks strange, it is strange, to see differ-
ent rules of evidence and different methods
of ascertaining and settling rights applied to
citizens of the same country living under a
form of government that guaranties equal
protection to all and bending alike under the
heavy burdens imposed by that Government
for its support; yet this anomaly, ay, this
monstrosity, is found in some of the rules by
which the rights of American citizens have been
determined, and are yet being daily determ-
ined in some of the quasi judicial tribunals of
our great country, one of the chief boasts of
which is that here all men are equal before the
law. The loyal man of any one of the States
declared in insurrection goes before the com-
missioners of claims appointed under the act of
March 3, 1871, with his loyal witnesses, proves
his loyalty, and by these same witnesses proves
that his property, amounting in value to the
sum of ten or ten thousand dollars was taken
by the military authorities of the United States,
in the State of Virginia, and used for the ben-
efit of the Government. In the process of
time he puts his hand into the Treasury and
draws out his leu or ten thousand dollars, and
goes away singing hosannahs to the "greatest
and best Government on the face of the earth"
and to the "most generous and pure" of all
the administrations our cour.try has known.
To all this I have no objection. It is right,
simple justice, and no more, to pay him; and
his laudation of the Administration is a matter
of taste, the exercise of which is a personal
privilege I would not deny him.
_ On the other hand, we see an equally loyal
citizen of the State of Missouri going before
another tribunal with equally loyal witnesses,
proving his loyalty, and proving that property
that belonged to him of the value of ten or
ten thousand dollars was taken by the military
authorities of the United States, in said State
of Missouri, and appropriated to the use of the
Government; that an entire division of our
army camped for twenty-four hours or longer
on his farm, burned his fencing, consumed his
hay and corn, butchered his hogs and his cat-
tle, and pressed his horses and his mules ; that
the quartermaster who did all this instructed
him to come to camp next morning and receive
his pay ; that before next morning the division
had marching orders and started in hot pursuit
of the enemy, and that from that day to the
present neither officer nor soldier of that divi-
sion can be found to testify in support of the
claim. We see all this, I repeat, in numerous
cases, and we see these loyal men, with their
loyal witnesses turned away from the door of
the Treasury by the officers of our Government
without a dollar. Such are the laws and regu-
lations, Mr. Speaker, and the foregoing are
facts touching private claims, or a part of the
private claims, growing out of our civil war,
and to correct this evil, to secure like justice
to all these claimants, I appeal to the Commit-
tee on Claims, and urge them to report this
bill, that it may be considered and passed by
this House.
In this bill, and also in the law of March 3,
1871, to which it is but supplemental, provision
is made for the payment of none but loyal
claimants. I will not insist that this provision
is not wise and proper. The Government has
hitherto refused to pay the losses of those who
took up arms against it, or gave aid and com-
fort to its enemies engaged in armed resist-
ance to its lawful authority. But the terms
loyalty, loyal citizen, and the like are so in-
definite and have been so diversely and improp-
erly construed, that other words should be used
in their stead, or in connnection with them, to
prevent abuses that have been practiced and
will be practiced on claimants as long as irre-
sponsible, petty Government officials are per-
mitted to hear, try, and determine in secret
the character of those who present their claims
for adjudication. The extent of the evil grow-
ing out of this system, if I may so call it, is
greater, I have been told, than anyone can
imagine. The manner in which skillful and
designing men contrive to fleece the claimants
and defraud the Government is unkown to me ;
but there can be no doubt that both are often
made to suffer.
The law of March 3, 1870, and also the bill
under discussion, should therefore be amended
by striking out the qualifying word "loyal,"
whenever it occurs, and by adding in some ap-
propriate connection a proviso excluding from
their benefits all those who voluntarily took
up arms against the Government, and those
who voluntarily gave aid and comfort to them
while they were so engaged. The claimant's
oath to this effect is all that should be required
from him or her in support of character for
loyalty. To demand that even is a violation
of one of the first and best maxims of law with
reference to presumptions ; but under the cir-
cumstances there could be no serious objection
to such requirement. We would at once, by
some such provision, get rid of the difficulties
and injustice that spring from the vague, in-
definite and inaccurate ideas that obtain and
have obtained, as to what it takes to constitute
loyalty and disloyalty.
In the minds of many sympathy with those
who were engaged in the rebellion and sym-
pathy with the cause in which they were en-
gaged constituted disloyalty, and converted
those who entertained that sympathy into
rebels. Nothing to my mind could be more
inaccurate or absurd. As well might it be
said that sympathy with Christian men and
women and with the principles they profess is
Christianity, and converts him who feels it
into a Christian ; or that the sympathy felt
and expressed by one of Ohio's most gifted
and eloquent orators with unhappy and unfor-
tunate Mexico, when our gallant armies were
marching in triumph upon her capital, consti-
tuted that patriot and statesman a traitor and
enemy to his country ; or that the conduct of
those of our New England brothers who op-
posed and condemned the war of 1812 consti-
tuted them rebels, and would have justified
the Government in refusing to pay them for
supplies furnished the armies engaged in that
memorable struggle, or any other claims they
may have held against the United States.
There are many claims against the Govern-
