1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8075
N" ment now on file in one and another of its
Departments, payment of which is refused
for no other reason than that the claimants
have been pronounced disloyal after being
■' tried by the absurd test to which I have
alluded; tried without their knowledge, by
irresponsible detectives and secret-service
men, and found guilty, and virtually adjudged
c to pay a penalty equivalent to the amount of
their respective claims. Such is the adminis-
tration of justice in America, proad and free
America, governed by written laws, by a Con-
stitution in which it is, among other things,
declared that the right of trial by jury shall
- be preserved, and that no person shall be
deprived of his property without due process
of law I These, it may be said, however, are
but trifling irregularities ; yet trifling as they
are, they demand some attention, if it can be
bestowed without neglecting the momentous
interests with which we are from day to day
• so earnestly dealing.
But, Mr. Speaker, I beg to press upon the
attention of Congress the nature and import-
ance of the second bill read by the Clerk, at
- my request, at the commencemeut of my
remarks.
This bill presents a cause for legislation
that has never before claimed the attention of
Congress, and a cause which I trust, for the
sake of humanity, will never again arise.
Despotism has often made humanity shudder ;
but never in the history of this country, and
but seldom in that of any other, has it exhib-
ited itself in a more revolting form than when
it issued the edict that occasions the bill I am
about to discuss; and seldom have the fruits
it has produced been more bitter, or the con-
sequence more disastrous than on the occa-
sion of which I am speaking. But that occa-
sion, with its sorrows, its bitter tears, its great
sacrifices and privations, its fearful sufferings,
and its atrocious crimes is past. Its sad mem-
ories will linger in the minds of those who
witnessed the events that then transpired a3
long as their lives shall last, and their power
to think and reflect upon the past shall be
preserved.
It is not my purpose, however, to detail on
the present occasion the history of that period;
nor is it my purpose, nor even my privilege,
to assail on this floor the motives of those
who by their cruel edict, most cruelly en-
forced, made desolate the homes of more
than twenty thousand American citizens, and
entailed upon them untold sufferings and
losses, and wrung their hearts with anguish
as bitter no doubt as that experienced by the
captive sons and daughters of Jacob when by
the river of Babylon they hung their harps
and sat down and wept. I will not, indeed I
need not, so far as my present purpose is con-
cerned, attempt to condemn or justify the
authors of all this evil. Whether their ob-
jects and motives were good or bad, and
whether their action was wise or unwise,
neither adds to nor detracts from the merits
of the bill I presented and am now diseuss-
' ing. The legal rights of the citizen do not
depend upon the wisdom or folly of an act,
nor the baseness or purity of the motives of
another, They are fixed, if fixed at all, on a
surer foundation—justice, humanity,and law;
and to these alone I appeal in support of the
proposed measure, feeling well convinced that
each comes to my aid.
On the 25th day of August, 1863, Brigadier
General Ewing, then commanding the dis-
trict of the Border, in the State of Missouri,
issued General Orders No. 11, which I send
to^the Clerk's desk, and ask that it be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
[General Orders No. 11.]
Headquarters District o® the Border,
Kansas City, Missouri,
August 25, 1863.
1. All persons living in Jackson, Cass, and Bates
counties, Missouri, and in that partof Vernon inclu-
ded in this district, except those living within one
' mile of the limits of Independence, Hickman's Mills,
Pleasant Hill, and Harrisonville, and except those
m that part of Kaw township, Jackson county, north
of Brush creek and west ol the Big Blue, are hereby
ordered to remove from their present places of resi-
dence within fifteen days Irom the date hereof,
.those who within that time establish their loyalty
to the satisfaction of the commanding officer of th©
military station nearest their present places of res-
idence, will receive from him certificates stating the
fact of their loyaRy and the names of the witnesses
by whom it can be shown. All who receive such,
certificates will be permitted to remove to any mil-
itary station in this district, or to any part of the
State of Kansas except, the counties on the eastern
border of the State. All others shall remove out of
this district. Offieera commanding companies and
detachments serving in the counties named will see
that this paragraph is promptly obeyed.
2. All grain and hay in the field or under shelter,
in the districts from which the inhabitants are re-
quired to remove, within reach of military stations,
after the 9th day of September next, will be taken
to such stations and turned over to the proper offi-
cers there, and report of the amount so turned over
made to the district headquarters, specifying: the
names of all loyal owners, and the amount of such
produce taken from them. All grain and hay found
in such district after the 9th day of September next
not convenient to such stations will be destroyed.
3. The provisions of General Orders No. 10 from
these headquarters will be at once vigorously ex-
ecuted by officers commanding in the parts of the
district and at the stations not subject to the oper-
ation of paragraph one of this order, and especially
in the towns of Independence, Westport, and Kan-
sas City.
4. Paragraph three, General Order No. 10, is
revoked as to all who have borne arms against the
Government in this district since the 20th day of
August, 1863.
By order of Brigadier General Ewing.
H. HANNAHS, Adjutant.
Mr. COMINGO. This, sir, is the terrible
edict to which I have heretofore alluded. The
cruelty of its terms was exceeded only by the
violence and fierceness of its execution.
Twenty thousand people, the majority of whom
were women and children and old men, driven
from their homes and their substance, many
of thera to become wanderers among stran-
gers, and pensioners upon their bounty, all
fleeing as from a burning city, and over-
whelmed with terror, despair, and grief, pre-
sent a spectacle which demons alone can con-
template without a tear. Yet such a spectacle
was witnessed in the district of the Border
during the fifteen memorable days that inter-
vened between the 25th of August and the
10th of September, 1803. The arsons and
murders and other atrocities that intensified
the horrors of that scene 1 will not mention.
Let them, if possible, be forever buried be-
neath the generous waters of forgetfulness.
This terrible order, issued as we have seen by
one who was high in authority, and sanctioned,
as it unquestionably was, by those who were
higher, brought losses upon some, and ruin
upon others of those who lived within the
scope of its operation. These citizens have
memorialized Congress for relief, and in pur-
suance of their wishes and my own inclinations,
judgment, and impulses, 1 demand what they
pray for. They are honest men and women,
and all of them, if you please, good, and most
of them loyal citizens, some of them at all
times above the taint of suspicion even in the
minds of those who watched with most jealous
eye the conduct of their neighbors. I may
add that among those who join in the memo-
rial in their behalf are my predecessor in this
House, appointees of the present Chief Magis-
trate of the United States, and officers and
soldiers who served their country earnestly and
honorably during the war of the rebellion.
What will Congress do for these sufferers ?
They were compelled to make the sacrifices
which were made by the Government, and for
it. To refuse to pay them is not only an act of
injustice, but shameless robbery. It may be said
that the Government is neither legally nor
morally responsible for these losses. If this
proposition should be made, and is true, then,
I reply, it follows that we have heretofore
exacted from^ other nations, and are^ to day
endeavoring to exact from Great Britain, pay-
ment of unjust demands ; or entirely different
rules of law prevail between our Government
and its citizens from those which are enforced
in behalf of these self-same citizens against a
foreign Power. In other words, the Govern-
ment of the United States will permit its Army
officers to rob, despoil, andruiu its citizens for
its benefit, and afford them no protection; but
it will, at the cost of war if necessary, protect
them against injury, insult, spoliation, or loss
at the hands of a foreign Power. This is pre-
posterous. Submitting to wrongs to a citi-
zen at the hands of the agents of another Gov-
ernment is a disgrace we will not tolerate ;
but our own agents may, in the exercise of
these discretionary powers, rob, plunder, des-
poil, depopulate, and lay waste, and the citizen
be left remediless and the Government untarn-
ished ! Such a proposition if distinctly asserted
before the people would consign its advocates
to perpetual and merited disgrace; yet it is
practically announced in every refusal by Con-
gress to pay a citizen for property that has
been destroyed or appropriated by the officers
of the Army, either directly or indirectly, for
the benefit of the Government.
The general rule that should be adopted,
tlfat must be adopted if we desire to be just
and to maintain the dignity of our Govern-
ment, is to extend to our citizens as full pro-
tection and redress against wrongsandoppres-
sion from the agents of the Government as we
have a right to demand for them from foreign
Powers.
A very cursory glance at one or two practi-
cal illustrations as to what our Government
has demanded for its citizens will sustain the
proposition 1 made a few moments ago ; that
is, that we have heretofore made and are
to-day making unreasonable and unjust de-
mands for injuries done our citizens by other
nations, or the rights of the citizen are not the
same when infringed or violated by the agents
of the Government of the United States that
they are when similarly infracted by the
agents of another people.
Some of the causes, or wrongs, or outrages,
whichever you may please to call them, Mr.
Speaker, that led to the Mexican war were
trifliug compared with the wrongs and out-
rages inflicted on many of our own citizens
by our Government through its acknowledged
agents. In the month of July, 1836, our Sec-
retary of State sent our minister, Mr. Ellis, a
list of the grievances of which wc complained
against the republic of Mexico. These griev-
ances, as then stated, numbered just fifteen ;
and Mr. Ellis was instructed to demand repar-
ation, and if he failed to receive a satisfactory
answer within a given time he was told to de-
mand his passport. Here are some of them :
one Baldwin, au American citizen, had a few
years previously unjust judgments rendered
against him in a Mexican court; an alterca-
tion ensued between him and a magistrate;
he was sentenced to the stocks, resisted, was
injured in his leg, was seized and imprisoned ;
an American vessel, the Brazoria, was seized
in 1832 and employed in a military expedition
without compensation ; two American steam-
boats were taken possession of by Mexican
officers and used without compensation in 1832 ;
Captain McKeige was imprisoned, and an
enormous fine was imposed on him without
cause; and so on. It was afterward in a conven -
tion between our Government and that of Mex-
ico agreed that all our claims against the latter
should be referred to a board of commissioners.
Of course the grievances already mentioned
were brought before said com missioners, as well
as divers others, all of which were countenanced
if not encouraged by our Government. One
of these claims was for fifty-six dozen bottles
of porter; another for a printing-press, another
for a trunk of wearing apparel, and another
for goods seized because they had been intro-
duced contrary to law, the claimant alleging
that he was ignorant of its requirements. For
the purpose of redressing such wrongs as these,
and others of greater magnitude, it is true the
President of the United States, in his message
of the 6th of February, 1837, recommended
reprisals against Mexico, and for that pur-
