1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Civil Service Reform—Mr. Holman.
Ho. op Reps.
abase of power. The nature of a constitutional act
excludes the possibility of combining minute per-
fection with general excellence. After the exertion
of all possible vigilance something of what ought to
have been done has been omitted, and much of what
has been attempted has been found insufficient and
unavailing in practice. Much remains for us to do;
and much will still remain for posterity to do, for
those unborn generations to do, on whom will
devolve the snored task of guarding the temple of
the Constitution, and of keeping alive the vestal
flame of liberty.
/'The power of patronage, unless checked by the
vigorous interposition of Congress, must go on in-
creasing until Federal influence in many parts of
this confederation will predominate in elections as
completely as British influence predominates in the
elections of Scotland and Ireland, in rotten-borough
towns and in the great naval stations of Portsmouth
and Plymouth.
44 The wholo of this great power will center in the
President. The king of England is the * fountain
of honor;' the President of the United States is the
source of patronage. lie presides over the entire
system of Federal appointments, jobs, and contracts.
He has 'power' over the 'support' of the individ-
uals who administer the system. He makes and
unmakes them."—Galea & Seaton's Register, 1826,
page 433.
Such were the views of the last generation
on executive patronage when the revenues
were twenty-two millions, and yet in forty-six
years the ordinary expenses exceed one hun-
dred and twenty millions, besides interest and
payments on the public debt, sinking fund,
and pensions, and the revenues swell to over
three hundred and sixty-five million dollars.
Benton and his contemporaries thought that
the "power of patronage" should be checked
by the " vigorous interposition of Congress."
Let us see how "vigorously" Congress is
" interposing," not to curtail executive patron-
age, but to enlarge it, for the patronage of
the Executive is at the same time the patron-
age of the Administration members of Con-
gress. I have before me the list of new offices
created and salaries increased for the last two
years. Let us see in what direction the
" vigor" of Congress is employed.
During the session which terminated July,
1870, just before the last congressional elec-
tion, 106 new offices were created and 112 sala-
ries increased, During the session immedi-
ately after the last congressional election, which
terminated March 4, 1871, 624 new offices
were created and 120 salaries were increased.
During the first session of the present Con-
gress, which terminated April 20,1871, lasting
46 days, 18 new offices were created and 2
salaries were increased. So that during this
brief period, when the necessities for public
employment were actually being diminished,
there were 808 offices created and 234 salaries
increased largely. During the present ses-
sion of Congress bills have passed the House
adding more than 50 new offices to the list,
besides large increases of salary. A single
amendment made to an appropriation bill
by the Senate added $116,000 annually to
already ample salaries, the fate of which is
not yet determined. The civil service com-
mission, whose report gentleman opposed to
reform so fiercely denounce have well said :
"But the mischief does not end here. When pub-
licoffiees are regarded only as rewards for political
eervioe they will be constantly multiplied to supply
more places. There will be incessant temporary
employments, as they are called, and consequent
deficiency bills and supplementary appropriation
bills. Meanwhile the influence which has obtained
the office, not lor the public service, but as a private
reward, wilt be slow to see inefficiency or actual dis-
honesty in the conduct of the incumbent. The tend-
ency will be to disbelieve and to excuse, and to
postpone inquiry; so that under this system not
only are useless offices created but there is the
etrongest temptation to conceal corruption, and
every abuse and every extravagance resulting from
a multiplication ot such offices are constantly
increasing."—Paget of the Report.
And thus, sir, vast multitudes are placed in
office at the public expense, but not for^ the
"public service," but as agents for partisan
power. The commissioners further say:
"There are certain offices of very large emolu-
ment, the proper duties of which require great tech-
nical knowledge, as weUias high character and vig-
orous administrative will. These offices have be-
come almost exclusively partisan agencies, in which
the incumbent is expected, in the popular phrase,
to 'run the party' while some subordinate ac-
tually discharges the proper duty of the office."—
Page 10 of the report.
The commissioners might have instanced
the collectors of customs of the ports of New
York and New Orleans, and multitudes more.
The Secretary of the Treasury says, in his last
report, (page 10,) that "during the last fiscal
year the collector and surveyor of the port of
New York each received from moieties the
sum of $49,215 69, and the naval officer the
sum of $48,195 59," and this, too, in addition
to the large salaries these officersare receiving.
I thank the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Willard,] to whose eloquent and exhaustive
speech we listened on yesterday, for calling
attention to the testimony of Mr. Thomas
Murphy, late collector at the port of New
York, (who received theseperquisites of office
to the amount of $49,215 09 last year,)
before the New York custom-house committee
of the Senate. He admirably illustrates the
statement of the civil service commission:
" Question. Now, sir, suppose amerchanthas over-
paid his duties, nnd considers that he is entitled to a
rebate, to whom would he apply for that—to what
officer?
44 Answer. He would apply to the custom-house
officers; probably he would go 
" Question. What would be bis channel ofrelief?
" Answer. Well, sir, if he was to come to me. I
would send him to Mr. Clinch, and Mr.Clinch would
send him to the officer in charge of the business.
" Question. Mr. Clinch seems to bo a pivot, then?
44Answer. lie is really the practical working col-
lector, sir.
" Question. Let me ask you about Clinch; has he
not been in the office for a great many years ?
44Answer. Over thirty years.
44 Question. Is it not Clinch's long experience that
enables him in this way to become the pivot on
which the machinery of that great office turns?
' Answer. It is, sir; his great experience and his
great integrity.
"Question Then it is his experience; it is his
long tenure of office?
"Answer. lie is a great relief and a great com-
fort to the collector.
44 Question. To have such a man of experience and
good character?
44 Answer. To have such aman of experience.
44 Question. Kept there steadily attending to pub-
lic business?
44 Answer. Yes. sir.
"Question. Is ne not allowed to enjoy his own
opinions in resrard fo political matters ?
"Answer. Mr.Clinch is.
" Question. And he attends to his duties and does
that publicly and isperinitted to remain?
44Answer. Yes, sir.
44 Question. No matter what might be the ebb and
flow of party?
"Answer. That is so, sir.
"Question. And the result is that the collector
has, as you say, a great comfort in this officer?
"Answer. Yes sir.
"Question. Who is permitted to serve the public
and yet maintain his personal independence ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; he is an exception to the gen-
eral rule."
And the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Willard] very pertinently said:
4'Mr. Murphy was a Republican, and could man-
age a primary meeting or a convention satisfactorily
to his employer; and Mr. Clinch was a Democrat,
and could attend to the business of the office and
b^ 4great relief and comfort to the collector. Mr.
Murphy had a salary andperqui-itesof an indefinite
amount, and Mr. Clinch a salary of $5,000 annu-
ally. Mr. Clinch administered the law, and Mr.
Murphy the politics of the office."'
If out of the sixty thousand Federal office-
holders a list, could be published of those who
are employed for political purposes only it
would hardly be necessary to talk to the
American people of the necessity of reform.
The enormous increase in public offices
ought to be condemned, because it entails
unnecessary burdens on the people who have
borne the weight of excessive taxation with a
patience unexampled in history; becausa it
invests the national Executive with a dan-
gerous power in the employment of swarms
of men whose services are not required for the
purposes of Government, and who, conscious
of the object of the employment, are the more
unscrupulous and subservient in doing the
will of their employer; because it demoral-
izes the public service everywhere until the
millions of money drawn from the patient toil
of the people are looked upon by the multi-
tude who live and who are struggling to live
off of the labor of other men as the legiti-
mate prize of perfidy and fraud. Hence, the
unexampled embezzlement of the revenues,
and the robbery of the Treasury; hence the
long list of bills pending in tbi^ House to
relieve your public officers from the alleged
embezzlements of their subordinates; hence
the unexampled spectacle of thirteen commit-
tees of Congress professing to inquire into
alleged, abuses of the public trusts in high
official positions—inquities which you are
compelled to make (or seem to make) to
quiet, if possible, the public discontent. The
commissioners further say :
44 But it is calculated, by those who have made a
careful study of all the facts, that one fourth of the
revenues of the United States are annually lost in
the collection, and for a large part of that loss a
system of the service which is fatally unsound may
reasonably be held responsible. "—Report,poge5.
Your civil service is now organized for per-
sonal aggrandizement and political power.
The public good is lost sight of in the de-
basing struggle for personal advantage. The
grand old maxim of Jefferson ot qualilication
for office, "is he honest, is he capable, is he
faithful to the Consiitution?" U supplanted by
the partisan inquiry, " Is he a good worker in
the canvass ?" The disabled soldier of the
Union, deserving ever so well of his country,
competent and honest, must give way to the
partisan skilled only in the intrigues of party.
And so the whole vast machinery of Gov-
ernment, stretching out into every city, town,
and village of the whole land, the whole Blue
Book, with its registry of sixty thousand place-
holders, with the endless jobs, contracts, de-
tectives, agents, (twenty-tive of whom you
added a few days ago to the Post Office list,)
retainers, and informers, with unlimited power
of multiplication even under the color of law,
with $305,000,000 io disburse—all at the dis-
posal of the Chief Executive. Sir, if the found-
ers of the Republic could have unvailed the
future and stood face to face with the present
period, with their sleepless jealousy of power,
would they, by the Constitution they were
ordaining, have exposed the free and inde-
pendent choice of a Chief Executive to these
vast influences, wielded by an aspirant for con-
tinued power? No, sir, they would have lim-
ited the tenure of that great office to a single
term ; as surely as they themselves daily uttered
the words of the great plea, u Lead us not into
temptation."
Mr. Webster, in his great speech in the Sen-
ate on the lGih of February, 1835, has well
delineated the demoralizing influence of exec-
utive patronage. He said:
441 concur with those who think that, looking to the
present andlookingalso to thofuture,and regarding
all the probabilities that await us in reference to the
character and qualities of those who may fill the
executive chair, if is important to the stability of
Governmentand the wellareot the people that there
should be a check to the progress of official influence
nnd patronage. The unlimited power to grant office
and to take it away gives a command over the hopes
and tears of a vast multitude of men.
4' The conscquence of all this is obvious. A com-
petition ensues, not of patriotic labors, not of rough
and severe toil for the public good, not of manliness,
independence, and public spirit; but ot complai-
sance, of indiscriminate support of executive
measures, ofpi iantsubserviency and gross adulation.
All throng and rush to the altar ot man worMiip,
and there they offer sacrifices and pour out liba-
tions till the thick fumes of their incenso turn their
own heads, and turn also the head of him who is the
object of their idolatry."
And yet Mr. Webster could have scarcely
anticipated the vast proportions to which ex-
ecutive patronage has now attained. In my
judgment the public safety demands a vast
reduction of this patronage.. The only safe
depositary of such power is the people. Thfe
