1872.
THE COtfGKESSiOtfAL GLOB&
3971
tor's time has expired. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I withdraw that and sub-
stitute what I send to the Chair, striking out
from the highest grade all except the cheapest
form of smoking tobacco. After " following
■words," in line ten, I move to strike out all
the paragraph and insert what I sent to the
desk.
The Ciiief Clerk. The proposed amend-
ment is to strike out after the words "the
following words," in line ten, down to the end
of the paragraph, and in lieu of the words
stricken out to insert:
On all chew'ing tobacco, fine-cut, plug,-or twist:
on all tobacco twisted by hand, or reduced from
leaf into a condition to be consumed, or otherwise
prepared, without the use of any machine or instru-
ment, and without being pressed or sweetened; and
on ail other kinds of manufactured tobacco, not
"herein otherwise provided for, a tax of thirty-two
cents per pound.
On nil smoking tobacco, exclusively of stems, or
of leaf, with the stems in and so sold, the leaf not
having been previously stripped, butted, or rolled,
and from which no part of the stems have been sep-
arated by sifting, stripping, dressing, or in any other
manner, either before, during, or after the process
of manufacturing, a tax of sixteen cents per pound.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state in explana-
tion—I do not want to trespass on the time
of the Senate, although this is a new amend-
ment—that the effect of it is to strike out the
fine-cut shorts, and leave nothing for the six-
teen cents tax to act on except the very cheap-
est form of tobacco, which at present prices
is not worth over four cents a pound; that is,
the stems and the refuse of tobacco cut up
together as smoking tobacco, which is not
worth over four cents a pound, according to
the uniform teslimony of all classes.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. Then the thirty-two
cents applies to what?
Mr. SHERMAN. It applies to all other
tobacco.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope that amend-
ment will not be adopted. 1 have a word to
say to the honorable Senator from Ohio. He
says he does not think it was the object of the
law to lead to the results to which it has led by
taxing the tobacco at thirty-two cents, but still
the plug manufacturers have had to pay that
and undergo that injustice. As I show here,
this inferior sweeping, hardly to be known as
tobacco, has paid thirty-two cents, when the
very finest cut of Virginia tobacco has paid but
sixteen. They have stood all that; they only
ask now for justice.
Mr. SHERMAN. They will, if this amend-
ment is adopted, cut that up into cheap smok-
ing tobacco, but they cannot get in the fine cut
tobacco.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope this will not
come out of my five minutes. Now I want to
show the honorable Senator that he is mistaken
in regard to the object of the law. I will show
that the object was just what the internal rev-
enue department has decided it to be. I hold
in one hand two common stogy cigars, not-
worth perhaps fifteen dollars a thousand. I
hold in my other hand an American cigar
manufactured out of the finest Havana seed
leaf—one worth fifteen dollars a thousand, the
other worth seventy-five dollars a thousand,
and yet the gentleman knows they have been
taxed equally. There is no more inequality
in that than there is in this, and if the object
of the law-makers was to make this inequality
in-regard to cigars, why should it not be in
regard to tobacco? The internal revenue
department have acted wisely, I presume, in
their construction, but whether wisely or not,
such has been the unequal operation in regard
to this manufactured tobacco as discriminating
against the smoking tobacco.
What we desire is revenue. If we can raise
by a diminished uniform tax on tobacco, thirty-
two or thirty-three million dollars, it is all that
the internal revenue department asks. We
Bay it can be done.
The amendment of the Senator from Ohio
cannot be carried out. We know from the
bill that has come from the House of Repre-
sentatives that the committee who had that
bill in charge have been for months and months
investigating this subject. They have had be-
fore them the representatives of all sorts both
of manufactured and smoking tobacco. Shall
we undertake, is it wisdom to undertake, at
this late day of the session to set aside all their
consideration, all their examination, all their
well-considered legislation by undertaking to
adopt now an amendment which will lead to
frauds, and which in addition to involving
increased inspection, in my judgment could
not be safely carried out? I think not. I
think the highest wisdom will be shown in ad-
hering to this uniform tax, and then if it does
not work well, let us change it next year.
Mr. FLANAGAN. To test the sense of
the Senate, I move to lay the amendment pro-
posed by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator must be aware that to lay the amendment
on the table carries the bill with it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to a
vote on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an
exception in reference to amendments to
general appropriation bills by a special rule,
but this is not a general appropriation bill, and
the motion, if it prevailed, would lay the bill
on the table.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. AMES. Some Senators have expressed
concern as to the interference with the trade
that a charge in the tax on tobacco would
produce. No objection of this kind was raised
when the question of tea and coffee was under
consideration, nor when we have been con-
sidering this tariff and tax bill previous to this
time.
Now, let me ask one question in reference
to the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Ohio. At the present time there are
about six hundred factories where plug tobacco
is manufactured, and only about two hundred
and twenty-one where the cut tobacco is man-
ufactured. The purpose of this uniform rate
is to equalize the tax so that neither one nor
the other manufactory shall be benefited, and
also for the sake of the revenue. At present
there is that difference in the taxation on the
different kinds of tobacco, or rather upon the
form in which it appears after it is manufac-
tured, and there must inevitably be opportun-
ities for fraud. The cut tobacco is so pre-
pared either by cutting or granulation, and
when it is prepared by granulation it is impos-
sible to detect whether there are any stems in
the tobacco or how much ; and it is one of the
very purposes of a uniform tax to prevent
these very frauds. It is very well known in
the department of the internal revenue that
their agents are deciding first one way and
then the other upon the very same article. If
you have this graded tax on tobacco they will
be able to avoid all the regulations that the
department can establish. And it is for the
very purpose of avoiding these frauds that a
uniform tax has been recommended.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Mr. President,
I cannot say that I am versed in the manufac-
ture of tobacco any more than I am in its use;
and yet I have been amused by the position
that has been taken by those who have been
advocating both sides of this question. On
the one side it is claimed that the object of
the Government in imposing this tax is not
only to secure uniformity, but convenience to
the Department of the Government. That is
a theory which I have never heard before
advocated in alegislative assembly. To illus-
trate the point, the tax upon intoxicating
liquors is cited as an instance. You cannot
illustrate the two things one by the other. In
the case of intoxicating liquors it is almost
impossible to discriminate as to the quality of
the beverage ; but in the case of tobacco it is
entirely different. It is more tangible and
more easily discriminated, and therefore the
Government has heretofore adopted the plan
of a discriminating tax upon tobacco.
Now, I desire to call the attention of the
Senate to one fact, which I think will prove
the wisdom of the position advocated by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance. If
I mistake not, the report of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue states this fact, that
ninety-eight per cent, of the tax levied upon
the production of tobacco in the country,
including cigars, lias been collected ; in other
words, that the tax upon the consumption of
the country has approached ninety-eight per
cent, of its consumption ; excluding cigars, I
think it is ninety-five percent.; and the cost
of that collection is only a quarter of one per
cent. I ask if there is any other item of lax-
ation, in the whole scope of our legislation,
which makes a better exhibit for ihK discrim-
inating tax titan this one article of tobacco
which is now before the Senate? If there is
any other, it is not within my knowledge, and
I should like to be advised on that point if
there is anybody who can give us the inform-
ation.
There is one other point to which I desire
to refer; and I know we have but very little
time to discuss this question, confined as we
are to five minutes. As I understand those
who are better versed in the subject, if the tax
is increased upon the cheaper article of to-
bacco higher than sixteen cents, it will force
those who are using it constantly to raise it
themselves. A man can, by buying his own
leaf, if he does not raise it, make a hundred
pounds of tobacco by the simple process of a
sieve. If you raise the price of the cheaper
quality, and thus deprive the ordinary smoker
of his luxury by the high price caused by your
taxation, you drive him to raising it himself
or taking it from others who failed to pay the
tax, and thus the Government is defrauded of
the amount of tax he does not pay. 'ibis, I
think, cannot be gainsaid.
Now, it is the observation of all that tobacco
is almost universally used. It is not merely a
luxury to the poor man ; it is his comfoit and
bis company. Go to your log cabins, go to
your plantations, and after the labor of the
day is over you will find the men smoking
universally. It is their company and their
comfort. Now, sir, if by your discrimination
here you compel the poorer poriion of the
community to use an article that is high in
value by your taxation, yqp are discriminating
against the poor.
Now, as to the value of tobacco, from the
four cents of my friend from Illinois to the
seven cents of my friend from Texas, I am
told the highest price runs up to §1 75 ; and
yet you propose to make your tax uniform on
articles with this difference of value. We have
had the experience of the past. The present
legislation discriminates in favor of the cheap
and also in favor of the better tobacco. Why,
sir. we have been told by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance during the discussion
of this bill that the policy of that committee
heretofore has been, and is now, to not only
increase proportionally according to the value
of the property taxed, but upon the higher
grades to increase pro rata. Here is an arti-
cle one quality of which is worth but four cents
and another is worth $1 75, and still you in-
sist upon making a uniform tax upon it and
increase it at that rate. I call the attention
of the Senate to these two points: that you
are discriminating against the poor and driv-
ing them to evade your taxation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say one word in
reference to the argument of the Senator from
Michigan. It seems to me bis argument proves
too much, for if there is injustice in putting a
uniform tax upon different kinds of tobacco,
one of which is worth four cents a pound and
the other $1 75 a pound, I see no reason why
