1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
387
In 1792 the Federal and anti-Federal parties
were more distinctly organized, growing out
of the construction o! the Constitution in refer-
ence to the extent of the Federal powers, and
which bave ever since been the subject of earn-
estand serious discussion and contention. The
power of the Federal Government soon became
a subject of controversy. ^o early as 1794,
General Washington, then President, sent a
message to Congress upon what was called the
whisky insurrection, in which he stated that
combinations to defeat the execution of the
laws laying duties upon spirits distilled within
the United States, and upon stills, had from
the time of the commencement of those laws
existed in some of the western parts of Penn-
sylvania. The peace of the Union being again
disturbed, Mr. Madison, in 1812, in a message
to Congress, stated that a secret agent of the
British Government was employed in certain
States, more especially at the seat of govern-
ment in Massachusetts, in fomentim; disaffec-
tion to the constituted authorities of the nation,
and in intrigues with the disalfected, for the
purpose of bringing about resistance to the
laws, and eventually, in concert with a British
force, of destroying the Union and forming the
eastern part thereof into a political connection
with Great Britain.
In 1814, when it became necessary to raise
troops for the defense of the country, Governor
Strong, of Massachusetts, said, "The Govern-
ment of the United States is founded on the
State governments and must be supported by
them. In the arrangements of the different
powers the State governments are, to many
purposes, interposed between the Government
of the United States and the people." " The
State Legislatures are the guardians, not only
of individuals, but of the sovereignty of their
respective States, and while they are bound to
support the General Government in the exer-
cise of its constitutional powers, it is their
duty to protect the rights of the States and of
their constituents."
Mr. Gore, a distinguished Senator from the
same State, said, "The government of each
State is equally sovereign, with respect to every
power of an independent State, which it has
not delegated to the General Government, or
which is not prohibited to the separate States
by the Constitution, whether the militia—the
peculiar force of a State, and that which is to
protect and defend it—is called forth by the
Federal Government according to the pro-
visions which the States made in delegating
power to this Government, must be a question
between two sovereign and independent gov-
ernments, and on which there is no tiibunal
authorized to judge between them." Mr.
Lloyd, of that State, concurred in the views of
Mr. Gore, and Mr. Ward, a Representative in
the House from the same State, said, "Though
the Federal Government cannot claim any
power by implication, yet this cannot be said
of the State governments. It is fair to infer
what they meant to reserve in one case by
what they refused to give in another; and
had the people of Massachusetts been told
that Congress would have power to raise
regular armies, by the new Constitution,
against the opinion uf their State Legislature,
for foreign conquest,, or any other purpose,
and their sons or themselves thrust, into the
ranks under command of United States offi-
cers, and be subject to martial law, and the
discipline and severity of a camp, they would
have given it no consideration, but rejected it
at. once; they would have said, as the people
of Virginia did on a less warrantable occasion,
1 We will secede from the Union and be under
the protection and government of a hundred
thousand free and independentcitizens.''' Mr.
Otis, of Massachusetts, in a report upon the
subject, stated that '' it is as much the duty of
the State governments to watch ovferthe rights
reserved, as of the United States to exercise
the powers which are delegated."
Mr. Websier, in his Celebrated discussion
with Mr. Hayne, of the subject of nullification,
or the right of a single State to annul an act
of Congress, said that an unconstitutional law
was not binding, but that it did not rest with
a resolution or law of a State Legislature to
decide whether an act of Congress be or be not
constitutional, and contended that the Supreme
Court of the United States was the umpire;
to which the great southerner replied, that
"questions of sovereignty are not the proper
subjects of judicial investigation. They are
much too large and of too delicate a nature to
be brought within the jurisdiction of a court of
justice. Courts, whether supreme or subordin-
ate, are the mere creatures of the sovereign
power, designed to expound and carry into
cffect its- sovereign will. No independent
State ever yet submitted to a judge on the
bench the true construction of a compact be-
tween itself and another sovereign. All courts
may incidentally take cognizance of treaties,
where rights are claimed under them; but
who ever heard of a court making an inquiry
into the authority of the agents of the high
contracting parties to make the treaty, whether
its terms had been fullilled, or whether it had
become void on account of a breach of its con-
diiions on either side?"
These declarations of Mr. Hayne seem to
correspond essentially with the opinions ad-
vanced by Mr. Gore and Mr. Ward, before
quoted, and show the views and opinions of
great men upon vital constitutional issues.
They doubtless were honestly entertained.
What, then, was the natural tendency andeffect
upon the mind of the country, and especially
of the southern portion of it? The masses at
that period must, have been impressed with these
views, the weight of which preponderated in
favoroftlie NewEngland doctrine,aspromulged
by Governor Strong, Mr. Gore, and others, es-
pecially when we revert to the Virginia and
Kentuc-ky resolutions of 1798 and 1799, which
expressly asserted State sovereignty, and de-
nied the jurisdiction ofanycouil to determine
the nature or the measuieof State authority or
mode of redress,
Those celebrated resolutions of two gallant
and powerful States may have constituted the
platform of the old Demociatie party of that
day iu the South and Southwest Subsequent
events and more extensive observation and
reflection induced Mr. Madison and others to
modify, to some extent, thnr opinions as to a
peaceful solution of a difficulty between a
sovereign State and the General Government;
but I am speaking of the early tutilage of the
people by the great leaders of the party, en-
forced, as before stated, by some of the prom-
inent Federalists of NewEngland atthe critical
periods of the embargo and the war, and I ask
Senators, after such lessons from such eminent
tutors, whether so much astonishment should
have been excited at their natural results?
But, coming down to a later period, I pre-
mise that the Constitution of 1787 recognized
the existence of slaveiy as an institution pro
tected by its provisions, and entering into the
numerical apportionment of representation in
the House of Representatives. To secure the
owners, the following is a portion of the fourth
article: "No person held to service or labor
iu one State, under the laws thereof, escaping
into another, shall, in consequence of any law
or regulation therein, be discharged from such
service or labor, but shall be delivered up on
claim of the party to whom such service or
labor may be due." Mr. Madison, in the
iifVy-fourth number of the Federalist, correctly
stated that "the Federal Constitution there
fore decides with great propriety on the case
of our slaves when it views them in the mixed
character of persons and of property."
But in August, 1852, the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] in a
speech delivered in this Senate, possibly the
first, great speech of the Senator after he took
his seat in this body, in commenting upon the
Constitution, and especially on that portion qf
it relating to this domestic institution, cor-
rectly quoted the language of one of the ori-
ginal amendments to that instrument,that" the
powers not delegated to the United States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the States respe' tively,
or to the people," and the Senator justly
added that stronger words could not be
employed to limit the power under the Con-
stitution, and to protect the people from all
assumptions of the national Government, and
added, "Its guardian character commended
it to the sagacious tnind of Jefferson, who
said, 'I consider the foundation corner-stone
of the Constitution of the United States to
be laid upon the tenth article of the amend-
ments,'" which ten-h ari,ic'o is the one just
before quoted by the Senator in reference to
the reserved power of the States.
With his usual emphasis, and to make more
emphatic this constitutional maxim, he super-
adds, " Beyond all question the national Gov-
ernment, ordained by the Constitution, is not
general or universal, but spcci.il and particular.
It is a Government of limited powers. It has
no power which is not delegated." And in
further comment upon this interesting and
momentous subject of relative constitutional
power, which the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts seems to have studied with so much
diligence, he repeats substantially his former
argument for the purpose of impressing it upon
the mind of the Senate ; and to convince Sen-
ators of his ardency and sinceri .y in announc-
ing constitutional views and opinions, he said,
" To the nation were delegated high powers,
essential t> the national interes s, but specific
in character and limited in number. To the
States and to the people wete reserved the
powers, general in character and unlimited in
number, not delegated to the nation or pro-
hibited to the States. The integrity of our
political system depends upon harmony in the
operation of the nation mid of the States.
While the nation within its wide orbit is su-
preme, the States move with equal supremacy
iu their own. But from the necessity of the
case the supremacy of each in its proper place
excludes the other. The nation cannot exer-
cise rights reserved to the States ; nor cm the
States interfere with the powers of the nation.
Any such aetionon eitherside isa usurpation."
How analogous in sentiment, if not in ex-
pression, is this lmguage with that used by
Senator llayne in bis grtat discussion with
Mr. Wrbster, and who said, "When anyStn'o
is brought into direct collision with the Fed-
eral Government, in the case of an attempt by
the latter to exercise unconstitutional powers,
the appeal (to the people) must be made by
Congress, (the party proposing t,o exert the
disputed power,) in order to haxe it expressly
conferred, the exercise of such authority must
be suspended. Even in cases of doubt, such
an appeal is due to the peace and harmony
of the Government." And he [Mr. Sumner]
quotes the language ofthemessageof President
Jackson, whi' hsaid, " I regard an appeal to the
source of power, in cases of real doubt, and
where its exercse is deemed indispensable to
the general welfare, as among the most sacred
of all our obligations. Upon this country,
more than any other, has, in the providence
of God, been cast the special guardianship of
the great principle of adherence to written
constitutions."
But the Senator from Massachusetts, fol-
lowing up the train of vigorous thought upon
the most vital subjects, that ot constitutional
power, and the redress and remedy for its ex-
| ercise and mlraction by congressional usurp-
! ation, and looking to the logical sequel of his
' positions, naturally referred to the distin-
guished writers and profound statesmen of his
country. Prominent among them was Thomas
Jefferson, who in 1798, uttered words ot solemn
import. The Senator therefore said as a con-
clusion to his last wqrdp, which I have quoted,
"These principles weie distinctly declared by
