1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2379
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman will, if he
will allow us to go on with the reading of the
bill, and not occupy time in discussion. His
amendment will be appropriate to other sec-
tions.
Mr. WOOD. I will then withdraw it, with
the understanding that I shall have an oppor-
tunity to offer it hereafter.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 14. That, first, if any person shall be carried
to sea ns one of the crew on board of any ship mak-
ing a voyage as hereinbefore specified, without en-
tering into an agreement with the master of said
ship, in the form and manner and at the place and
times hereby in such cases required, the ship shall
be held liable, and for each such offense shall incur
a penalty not exceeding $200: Provided always,
That the ship shall not be held liable for any person
carried to sea who shall have secretly stowed away
himself without the knowledge of captain, mate, or
of any of the officers of the ship, or who shall have
falsely personated himself to the captain, mate, or
officers of the ship, for the purpose of being carried
to sea; secondly, if any master, mate, or other offi-
cer of a ship knowingly receive, or accepts to be
entered on board of any merchant ship, any seaman
who has been engaged or supplied contrary to the
provisions of this aot, the ship on board of which
such seaman shall be found shall, for every such
■ seaman, be liable to, and incur a penalty of, a sum
not exceeding $200.
Mr. COX. I move to strike out the last
word of that section, and I do it for the pur-
pose of making a remark. I have listened to
th§_debate on this bill with considerable inter-
""~est. I believe the grievances out of which
grows this dissatisfaction about our sailors are
not so much in relation to the shipping of
| ) sailors on board our ships as to the sharks,
\s' the landlord sharks who use up the substance
of the sailors even after they have been hired
under contract, who take them to their board-
ing-houses and make them drunk, &c. There
is a mischief which this bill does not remedy,
but which I think it should remedy, and I
would ask the humane gentleman from Mich-
igan, before this bill is passed upon finally, to
give this matter his attention. It will make
the bill much more acceptable to both sides,
both the gentlemen who favor it and the gen-
tlemen who disfavor it. I suggest to him, for
he is as accomplished on this subject as a
fresh-water man can be, to make a carefully
drawn amendment reaching this special griev-
ance.
" 1 do not believe that this sort of legislation
ought to be hurried. I think it ought to be
pondered very carefully, for this general rea-
son: when you undertake to employ a man to
do a certain kind of work for you, you do not
need the intervention of the Government. I
am jealous of appointing commissioners. If
I were a ship-owner 1 should be jealous of hav-
ing commissioners appointed to select sailors
to sail my ships. I would be just as jealous, if
I had a household, of having the Federal Con-
gress appoint commissioners to select servants
for roe, and if I were a boss, to have the Fed-
eral Congress appoint commissioners to select
mechanics and fix a plan for paying them. I
lay down that general principle to show that
there is some reason to think that this bill may
overstep the proper bounds of legislation.
I hold in my hand a letter written by one of
the gentlemen who signed the petition which
has been presented by my colleague. I do
not give his name j it is not necessary; but he
speaks with emphasis. He says this in rela-
tion to this very bill:
" You will hear continually that this is the same
plan as adopted in England, &c. !Now, here m this
Kepublic every man is supposed to be able to man-
age his own private affairs, not as under a monarchy,
limited or otherwise, where they attend to such
things officially for you. As well have a, lot of
greedy officeholders appointed to inspect, hire, and
pay off our household servants or the mechanics we
hire, as to undertake to force such intermediaries
upon ship-owners, with their sea laborers or sailors.
That is the same idea which I undertook to
present to the House a moment ago. He says
further:
" I paid particular attention to this matter, and
made every inquiry into the working ot this bill,
and it is not required or necessary only to make
hordes of officeholders. In Great Britain about
seven eighths of the seamen are shipped in the ports
of London, Liverpool, and Glasgow, all within ten
hours of each other; whereas we have here a sea-
board stretching some twenty-two hundred miles,
and ports widely scattered. If this bill is passed, it
will about use up ship-owners, as being the last
straw that breaks the camel's back."
He closes by saying;
" I trust you and all men of good common sense
like you"—
Which includes the gentleman from Michi-
gan—
"will oppose this bill."
Mr. CONGER. The gentlemau need not
have an indorsement from New York that I
am included among men of common sense.
Mr. COX. That is all right; it will not
hurt you.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WOOD. I move to amend that section
by adding to it the following ;
And provided further, That no captain shall re-
ceive on board his vessel, as a seaman, any person
while in a state of intoxication, under a penalty not
exceeding $1,000.
I offer that proviso, but I do not think it is
necessary to discuss it, because it speaks for
itself. I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. CONGER. I have no objection to it
if it refers to the first shipment of the seaman,
and not to his coming on board at other times
afterward.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows;
Sec. 17. That no advance of wages shall be made
or advance note given to any person but the seauian
himself, and no advance of wages shall be mado or
advancc note given unless the agreement contains
a stipulation for the same, and an accurate state-
ment of the amount thereof; and no advance wages
or advance note shall be given to any seaman except
in the presence of the shipping commissioner.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend this sec-
tion by striking out the words "advance note "
wherever they occur in it, and inserting in lieu
thereof the word "security."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
that the same amendment be made in sections
eighteen and nineteen.
No objection was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BCJTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 move
to further amend section seventeen by insert-
ing after the words "given to any person
but the seaman himself" the words "or to
bis wife or mother."
Mr. CONGER. I have no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. WOOD. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler.] if
he is quite clear as to the effect of his proposed
amendment. I understand that the effect ot
it will be to prevent the sailor giving an ad-
vance note to his wife or other representative
at home to receive at least a part of the wages
he may earn while abroad.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stand it differently. This advance note is given
where the master does not choose to pay the
money. He gives the sailor a note for his
advance of wages, which the sailor can and gen-
erally does get discounted. It is the note of
the master or owner of the vessel, and not the
note of the seaman. That to which the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wood] alludes
is the allotment of the sailor to his wife, not
the note of the master to the seaman.
Mr. WOOD. I think I understand it. I
think the gentleman is in error in supposing
that this note to the seaman always goes to the
sailor's landlord.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
think it does always; but it does too often.
Mr. WOOD. There are sailors who have
families who reside in their own homes, in
their little apartments, in tenement buildings,
perhaps. While'the sailors are absent on their
voyages their families draw their pay, or a por-
tion of it, to subsist upon. The ship-master
or owner always give the sailors one month's
pay in advance, and then the sailors give an
allotment for a portion of their wages while
they are gone.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Yes ; a
half-pay order. My (amendment does not
interfere with that.
Mr. WOOD. What is the " advance note"
mentioned in this section given for?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. A sea- ,
man receives an advance of his wages. Some- '
times the ship-owner or master has not the
money, but says to the sailor, " I will pay you
sixty days hence," and gives him a note for
the advance of wages. Then there is an allot-
ment given by the sailor, sometimes called a
half-pay order, alloting of his wages as much
as he may choose to his wife or mother. That
allotment hardly ever goes to the boarding-
house keeper. But the advance note is given
to the seaman himself as his advance wages,
and he discounts it for half its face in most
cases. My amendment provides that this
advance note shall be given only to the seaman,
or to his wife or mother.
Mr. WOOD. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following;
Sec. 22. That all seamen discharged in the United
States from merchant ships engaged in voyages as
described in section twelve of this act shall bo dis-
charged and receive their wages in presence of a
shipping commissioner duly appointed under this
act, except in case? where some competent court
otherwise directs; and any master or owner of any
such ship who discharges any such seaman belong-
ing thereto, or, except as aforesaid, pays his wages
within the United States in any other manner, shall
incur a penalty not exceeding fifty dollars.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. _ I move
to amend the section just read by inserting
before the words "shipping commissioner"
the words "duly authorized," and by striking
out the words "duly appointed," after the
words "shipping commissioner."
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Sec. 24. That upon the discharge of any seaman,
or upon payment of his wages, the master shall sign
and give him a certificate of discharge, specifying:
the period of his service and the time and place of
his discharge, in the form hereto annexed marked
"E;" and if any master fails to sign and give to
any such seaman such certificates of discharge, he
shall for each such offense incur a penalty not
exceeding fifty dollars.
Mr. HALE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, to which I presume the gentleman in
charge of the bill will have no objection. It is
to add to the section just read the following :
Provided, That the proviso annexed to section
twelve, which applies to masters of vessels engaging
seamen under that proviso, shall also apply to such
masters of vessels in the discharge of seamen.
Mr. CONGER. There is no objection to
that. It makes the two sections consistent.
The amendment was agreed to.
message prom tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had insisted on its amendments dis-
agreed to by the House to the bill (H. R. No.
622) granting a pension to Richard B- Craw-
ford, had agreed to the conference asked by
the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and had appointed as conferees on
the part of the Senate, Mr. Edmunds, Mr.
Pratt, and Mr. Sai.t.hrury.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed lo the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the resolution of
the Senate to print extra copies of the report
of testimony taken before the Senate Com-
mittee on Investigation and Retrenchment in
regard to alleged abuses in the custom-house
at New York.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed without amendment a House
bill of the following title:
An act (H. R. No. 892) granting a pension
to Margaret Lee.
The message also announced that the ben-
ate had passed a bill of the following litis ;
