1284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
State ? If you are not ■willing to open the
doors of your Military Academy to subjects
of the European Powers, I see no ground
whatever upon which you Can do it for sub-
jects of Japan. I think, sir, this bill an evil
precedent, one which will be regretted, and
which will furnish the strongest argument yet
presented for the abolition of the West Point
Academy.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time, and
sales of altms to french agents.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business is before the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. Before the Senator from
Wisconsin takes the floor I desire to express
the hope that the Senate will remain here and
dispose of this resolution* to-day. It seems to
mo that nobody can say there has not been
ample opportunity for discussion, and I hope
it will be finished to-day before we adjourn.
alaska seal-fisheries.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask the Senator from
Wisconsin to allow mo to call up a bill of im-
portance that has passed the House of Repre-
sentatives. It is with regard to the seal-fish-
eries in Alaska, and I believe there will be no
objection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the consideration of the House bill
referred to by the Senator from Oregon?
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (II. R. No. 13-12) supplementary
to an act entitled "An act to prevent the ex-
termination of fur-bearinganimals in Alaska."
By its terms the Secretary of the Treasury
is to appoint one agent and three assistant
agents, who shall be charged with the manage-
ment of the seal-fisheries in Alaska, and the
performance of such other duties as may be as-
signed to them by the Secretary of the Treasury.
The agent is to receive ten dollars each day,
one assistant agent eight dollars each day, and
two assistant agents six dollars each day while
so employed, and they shall also be allowed
their necessary traveling expenses in going to
and returning from Alaska, for which expenses
vouchers .shall be presented to the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury, and such
expenses shall not exceed in the aggregate
$000 each in any one year. Such agents are
never to be interested, directly or indirectly,
in any lease of the right to take seals, nor m
any proceeds nor profits thereof, neither as
owner, agent, partner, or otherwise. The
Secretary of the Treasury is authorized to
crect a dwelling-house upon each of the isl-
ands of St. Paul and St. George for the use
of the agents, the cost of both not to exceed
$6,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask if that bill has been
considered by any committee ?
Mr. CORBETT. It has been considered by
the Committee on Commerce, and is recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Treasury.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
admissions to the flook.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin proceeds, the Chair de-
sires to make a statement to the Senate per-
sonal to himself. He. has understood that
there have been some strictures in regard to
the number of persons on the floor during the
debate which has attracted so much public
interest, and to some extent he may be held
responsible by Senators for their admission.
He desires to state frankly to the Senate that
when he entered upon the duties of this office
he understood from those who had been along
while connected with the Senate that there
had been a usage that the Presiding Officer
was allowed, as a matter of courtesy, to pass
temporarily for a day on the floor persons
who had been distinguished in the country or
abroad, including, perhaps, such persons as
ex-Governors of States, distinguished ex-Rep-
resentatives in Congress, who are not by the
strict rule admitted to the floor, distinguished
ex-foreign ministers, members of Parliament,
or other distinguished persons from abroad.
Within that narrow limit the Chair has, at the
request of Senators on both sides of the Cham-
ber, during the past week or two granted, but,
as he stated to every Senator, with great reluc-
tance, permission to allow such persons to
come upon the floor. Some Senators have
felt it their privilege to introduce persons with-
out consulting with the Presiding Officer.
The Senator who has so often been elected
President pro tempore of this body, and who
has occupied the chair during nearly the entire
debate, the Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Anthony,] will confirm the statement of the
Chair, that by every possible means the Pre-
siding Officer, either the present occupant or
the one temporarily occupying the chair, has
endeavored to restrain this within the narrow-
est possible limits, and the large number of
persons on the floor has been occasioned by
the fact that many Representatives have been
present, a large number of privileged persons
have been present, and other persons have
been introduced as distinguished persons by
Senators themselves.
The Chair states this to the Senate, and says
to them frankly that if they desire the rule
absolutely enforced against an ex-Speaker of
the other House, or against an ex-Clerk of
the other House, or an ex-Governor of a State
or a Territory, or persons who have served
our country with distinction, venerable per-
sons who have been connected prominently
with our history, the Chair will enforce it
strictly according to its letter; and it was only
because lie understood that it had been the
usage of his predecessors, with the tacit con-
sent of the Senate, to relax this rule in the
cases to which he has alluded of what may be
considered as distinguished persons, that he
has allowed a single person to come upon the
floor with his own consent that was not
included by the strict letter of the rule.
Mr. POMEROY. There are several Sena-
tors who have private secretaries that are not
secretaries of their committees; it would not
apply to me; but there are Senators who have
such private secretaries, and it is a great con-
venience to thern to have those Secretaries
come on the floor; and I hope they will not be
excluded.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask if any complaint
has been mado of the relaxation of the
rule?
The VICE PRESIDENT. There has been.
Mr. SHERMAN. My own impression is
that this ordinary courtesy ought not to bo
denied. I have myself, without asking the
Presiding Officer, in some rare cases, intro-
duced distinguished citizens from my own
State to the floor, sometimes stating the facts
to the Presiding Officer, and sometimes on my
own responsibility. I dislike this Chamber,
however, so close and exclusive in its rules
that a very prominent citizens of one of our
States coming here, especially if he occupies
a judicial or other prominent official position,
should be excluded from this floor; and this
is a courtesy rarely abused. I hope the dis-
cretion which has always been acted upon
heretofore will be followed. If there are cases
of abuse, as a matter of course attention will
be called to them. Senators will restrain them-
selves, and the Presiding Officer will restrain
himself.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I think it
would be much more wise to modify and change
your rule so that it shall meet the approval of
the Senate, and then as now let the rule be
observed while it is a rule. I believe I have
held a seat here as many years as any Senator
m this body; I presided over the Senate for
four years, and during the whole of that period
of time no person ever crossed the threshold
of this Chamber at my request in violation
of the rule; and when other Senators violate
the rule I do not meet them on an equal foot-
ing. I will not violate the rule. I will vote
to make it more liberal; but when the rule is
made, I think I have a right to ask that other
Senators shall live up to that rule as I do, and
as I know many other Senators do, and thus
maintain an equality in the body.
I am myself inclined to believe that there
are classes of cases which should be included
in our rule that are not now in it; but it is
the wisest thing in the world, it does seem
to me, for all, both Presiding Officer and Sen-
ators, to observe the rules of this body. We
have not very many distinguished men in
the State from which I come;- but there are
men distinguished in our locality, and when
this request has been made for them, I have
simply said to them, "Sir, I cannot do it
without a violation of the rule, and you will
not ask me to violate the rule." That has
been my uniform reply. I think there are times
when there have been some inconveniences
by the admission of more persons upon the
floor of this Chamber than are in accordance
with the best deportment of the body. It is
on the whole wiser and better to make your,
rules as you want them, and then all conform
to the rules. That is my view.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I would
venture to make one suggestion which is in
entire harmony with what has fallen from the
Senator from Maine. Indeed, my experience
teaches me that he is right. I think that if
we have a rule it ought -to be enforced. But
I have a serious question whether our rule on
this subject is not too stringent. I have thought
so for a long time, and now that attention has
been called to it, I think it would be well that
the proper committee should take it into con-
sideration, and see whether it may not in
some way be enlarged. I think there are cer-
tain classes of persons who may be properly
included, and when the rule is again estab-
lished, then let us all follow it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I entirely concur with
what the Senator front Maine has so well said,
and I concur with him as to the practice. I
was not aware that there was any such prac -
tice obtaining here as to allow Senators to
bring persons upon the floor. 1 have seen
persons here upon the floor that I supposed
were here in violation both of the rule and the
usages of the Senate. The first case that ever
occurred to me was, perhaps, fifteen years
ago, while Mr. Bright was the Presiding Officer
of this body. A question was pending in the
Senate of a private character, affecting the
interests of a constituent of mine, and I desired
to have him here so that I could consult him.
It was when we were in the old Chamber. I
had seen persons on the floor occasionally who
were not authorized to take places upon the
floor, and under those circumstances I had
asked this gentleman to step in at the door.
The officer, one of the messengers stationed at
the door, laid his hand upon him and stopped
him, which of course was very unpleasant both
to the gentleman and to me. I thereupon ap-
plied to the Presiding Officer, and stated the
case, intending to have made a motion in open
Senate, and he gave directions to the messenger
under the circumstances to let the gentleman
take a seat inside, which he did. Since then
no person has ever been brought on the floor
of the Senate by me, and I was not aware that .
a usage obtained of introducing persons. I
have seen them occasionally, but I supposed
they were here in violation of the rule; and I
quite agree that while we have the rule it
should be enforced.
I am not particular as to how the rule
is; but it does place Senators in a very un-
equal position in the body when some of them
think it proper and their duty to observe the
rule, and when others take the liberty of dis-
regarding it, and I am very glad indeed that
the Presiding Officer has thought proper to
call attention to this matter. I hope the rule
will be changed if it is not satisfactory to the
