3076
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
pose desired to employ.the naval force of the
nation.
In this connection I may also allude to
the fact that our Government is at this very
time engaged in an effort to secure indemnity
for some of its citizens who have been more
recently outraged in various ways by the
Mexican Government, and for others who
have been injured and have sustained great
losses by the acts of omission, if not commis-
sion, of the Government of Great Britain.
The claims agaiust the latter Government for
property destroyed by the rebel cruisers, fitted
out in British ports, amount to many mil-
lions of dollars, the larger part of which
is for the destruction of vessels and property
of almost every kind belonging to our citizens,
and for damages or injuries directly and in-
directly growing out of such destruction.
For the sake of the argument we will assume
that all these claims are and were just, and
that the grievances complained of were actual.
Such being the case, no one will deny that it
was both the right and duty of the United
States to make reprisals from Mexico, pro-
vided, of course, that the claims could not be
otherwise satisfactorily adjusted; nor thatitis
equally her duty to see that Great Britain make
adequate reparation without unnecessary de-
lay. The question then recurs, will our Gov-
ernment redress such grievances as these, and
leave those committed by its own agents to go
1 unredressed? If so, what is the reason for the
distinction 1 Obviously, there can be none.
But it has been said, time and again, that
however meritorious these and other claims
similar in character may be, the Government
is not able to pay them; that to allow one of
them to be paid would be to establis-h a pre-
cedent by which hundreds of thousands of
dollars would be drawn from the Treasury,
and to open a door by which grievous frauds
may be practiced on the Government. The
latter of these arguments will apply with equal
force against the discharge by our Government
of any of its pecuniary obligations. If itproves
anything, therefore, it proves too much, and
consequently should be at once and forever
rejected.
The other argument, founded on the poverty
of the Government, is equally fallacious. In-
deed,^ requires an almost unbounded credulity
to believe that, it is presented in perfect sin-
cerity.
_ The appropriation bills passed at various
times since the close of the war, and the prod-
igal expenditure of the people's money, are
wholly msompatibte with this plea of poverty,
or at all events they abundantly show that this
idea has quite recently found a place in the
minds of our legislative Solons. If from these
expenditures any inference may with certainty
be drawn or conclusion reached, it is that our
national Treasury has been considered almost
inexhaustible, or that there have been the
most reckless indifference and inattention to its
condition, which is to be no longer tolerated by
its congressional guardians; or that the argu-
ment mentioned is an afterthought, the insin-
cerity of which is only equaled by the injustice
it attempts to excuse and perpetuate. Those
who have been despoiled and ruined listen at
any time with impatience to excuses and apol-
ogies for deferred redress; but when they are
iorced to believe that these excuses and apol-
ogies are insincere, their impatience naturally
and justly ripens into bitter discontent: and
this, when it becomes general or wide-spread,
begets revolutioa, which has overturned
thrones, exiled kings and courts, and brought
despots to the feet of the people, the sourceof
their power. Were there no injustice and
oppression there would be, there could be no
revolution by force.in Governments; and the
bloody records of the past, but for these, would
not stain the historic page. Our minds and
hearts instinctively revolt when we think of
these vices ; and we naturally and justly detest
them with intensified bitterness when we see
their victims are few, weak, and helpless—are
arbitrarily denied redress, and powerless in an
attempt to seek it by force.
I would not, however, Mr. Speaker, be un-
derstood as even intimating that the injustice
we have done and are still doing the very few
who are or desire to be benefited by the pro-
posed legislation will or can possibly tend to
beget a revolution. This would be worse than
nonsense. Indeed, while the people retain the
temper and spirit that now control them, no
provocation, no acts of oppression, can beget
revolution by force ; but reformation may come,
and 1 think it will come through that more
legitimate and reliable channel, the ballot-
box. If it should not be secured in that way
the future will most certainly witness a conflict
between the right and the wrong, the oppressor
and the oppressed, in the administration of
our Government.
I have asserted, sir, that the expenditures
of our public money since the close of the
war are incompatible with the idea that our
Government is unable to satisfy the just and
lawful demands ol our citizens for property
appropriated and destroyed by its agents
during that memorable period; and I insist
that notwithstanding the extravagance of these
expenditures we are able to pay, and should
at once make provision to pay these demands.
During the six fiscal years ending June 30,
1871, the gross receipts of the United States,
from all sources, were §5,391,078,886 45,
This includes, it is true, the sum of $33,933,-
057 89, which was the balance in the Treasury
at the beginning of the period mentioned. The
gross receipts for eighty years, ending June
30, 1871, were only $12,325,259,028 74.
We hers see that the receipts for the six
years mentioned are nearly as great as those
for the seventy-four ypreceding; or, in
other words, more than .-.ye twelfths of all the
money that was rece: vod by the United States
for eighty years ending June 30, 1871, were
received during the last six years of that
period. What has become of this enormous
sum of money? We know that much of it has
been applied to the payment of the public
debt, much to the payment, of interest, much
to the support of the Army arid Navy, and
much to other and more useful purposes than
the latter, and that a balance of $138,019,-
122 15 was all that was remaining in the
Ireasury on the 30th of June, 1871; but we
also know that precious little of it has
been applied to the payment of honest claims
growing out of the appropriations and spolia-
tions of property by our armies during the
war.
Mr. Speaker, I will assume, for the purpose
ot arriving at a correct conclusion as to what
we should have done, what duty has demanded,
and what it now demands, that not a cent ot
this more than five and a quarter billion dol-
lars that have been poured into our national
ireasury has been spent in foolish extrava-
gance or otherwise uselessly squandered ; and
assuming this manifest absurdity as a truth, I
ask whether it appears that the whole of that
vast sum has been applied or used in the man-
ner that the plainest rules of justice dictate
and demand? " Be just before you aregener-
ous is one of the noblest maxims of the law.
it appues with as ranch propriety and force to
Governments as to individuals. Judicial and
ministerial aids enforce it as to the latter
and public opinion should enforce its obser-
vance by the former when it is ignored. That
it has been shamelessly and cruelly disre-
S'jj y ?ur G"overanent, and is so disre-
garded to-day, is a proposition that cannot
be successfully controverted. It is a fact,
ot the existence of which many can testify
Irom sad experience, and which the written
laws assert m terms that cannot'be misunder-
stood.
While these claimants have been neglected
and their rights disregarded for these many
years, as betore stated, they have seen mil-
lions added to millions yearly spent by the
Government, for the spending of which there
was but little if any necessity, and for the
spending of much of which there was no
immediate necessity whatever.
During the six years ending June 30, 1871
there were expended on account of our mil-
itary establishment $085,485,371 34 ; on ac-
count of our naval establishment $161,385,-
182 98, and on miscellaneous accounts $315,-
645,414 40 ; amounting in the aggregate to
$1,162,515,969 22. Had these vast expendi-
tures been demanded for the peace, safety, or
honor of the country, no one would have a right
to complain that they were made ; but it is man-
ifest to any one, without examining details, that
they were prodigally extravagant, and a very
slight examination will convince any candid
mind that some of them were much greater
than the condition of the country required •
others greater than they should have been for
the purposes for which they were made; others
premature ; others wholly unnecessary ; and
some, perhaps, unwarranted by law.
There have been appropriated for the pub-
lication of the laws, within the period men-
tioned, in newspapers and pamphlets, $801,-
120. How much of this was paid to news-
papers I have not the means of ascertaining;
but it is safe to presume that at least two thirds
ot the amount were used in that manner; and
it is insisted that this was an entirely useless
expenditure of that amount, except so far as
it contributed to the support of papers pub-
lished for the benefit of the party in power.
Six hundred and sixty thousand dollars have
also been appropriated as a subsidy to the
telegraph between the Atlantic and Pacific
coasts; $64,618,632 in subsidy bonds, and
millions ot acres of laud subsidies to the Pacific
railway companies; $1,172,000 to aid in the
support of the Metropolitan police; $3,900,000
on account of the mail steamship service,
more appropriately denominated steamship
subsidy; and $11,376,750 have been appro-
priated for the support of the Freedmen'a
Bureau. How much has been expended in
building custom-houses, court-houses, and
post offices, in repairing, refitting, refurnish-
ing, and_ adorning the public buildings and
grounds in the city of Washington, and in the
countless investigations made for political
effect, and the useless and expensive prosecu-
tions growing out of party malice, urged for
the purpose of perpetuating party existence
and power, no one can tell, and few will ever
undertake to ascertain.
The aggregate of these expenditures must
exceed hundreds of millions. Many of thenij
probably a large majority, were necessarily
made, but others, amounting to tens of mil-
lions, no doubt were unnecessary and unjust,
in so far as they required the use of funds
that ought to have been applied to the pay-
ment of claims due our own citizens for sac-
rifices they were compelled to make for the
actual or supposed good of the Government in
the days of its peril. The non-payment of these
claims has subjected 'the claimants, or many ■
of them, to financial distress, and has brought
ruin upon others; and the prodigality with
which the people's money has been used for
other and less legitimate purposes is a burning
shame and a lasting reproach to the American
Congress.
How unspeakably heartless and soulless in
the eyes of these sufferers must he appear who
closes tne door of the Treasury against them,
alleging as his reasons for so doing that the
precedent will prove dangerous, will open the
door for the practice of frauds upon the Gov-
ernment, and will impose a financial burden
it cannot bear I To merely doubt his sincerity
is exercising charity. Millions on millions for
the Army and Navy in times of peace; mil"
lions upon millions for the erection of custom-
houses and post offices, for ships, railway, and
tetegraph subsidies; for enlarging, improving,
and adorning the public buildings and grounds
