1872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2181
extent, it at the same time contains a doc-
trine of the most dangerous character. It
denies the right of parties to settle between
themselves any claim. It says-that by no
agreement made between a sailor and the
owner or captain shall his right be released
from the vessel or cargo. In other words, a
sailor may be settled with to-day, he may be
paid off, and may sign an acquittance, but he
or his attorney, who may be some pettifogging
lawyer lying round in wait for him, may com-
mence an action to-morrow for the recovery
of money, and this.act declares in advance
his original settlement shall amount to noth-
ing. I submit, Mr. Speaker, that we should
not establish a principle of that kind in con-
nection with this bill.
I know that the object of this section is to
prevent the lying in wait for sailors, and get-
ting them to sign papers improvidently*aban-
doning their rights. Yet that evil is not half so
great as the evil that would be caused by legis-
lation of this character. I think the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Conger] must see
that we should not tread upon ground so
dangerous as this section proposes.
Mr. CONGER. I call the attention of the
gentleman and of the House to the fact that
the agreement which is spoken of here is an
agreement with reference to legal rights and
legal rights only. The section provides that
the seaman shall not by any such agree-
ment forfeit his lien upon the ship, which is a
right secured t.o him by the laws of the land.
It provides that he shall not by such an
agreement "bo deprived of any remedy for
the recovery of liis wages to which he would
otherwise have been entitled." That is, under
the law. It provides further that—
Every stipulation in any agreement inconsistent j
with any provisions of this act—
That is, a stipulation to set aside the law
which should protect him—
and overy stipulation by which any seaman con-
sents to abandon his right to his wages m the ease
of the loss of the ship-
That is a prospective legal light which the
law provides for and which he may, by agree-
ment beforehand, consent to abandon—
or to abandon any right which he may have or
obtain in the nature of salvage, shall be wholly
inoperative.
Now, this section is very carefully prepared
in order that the sailor may not be imposed
upon by entering into an agreement by which
he shall be deprived of a nght_ which the lav/
confers upon him, and of which he may be
entirely ignorant. I think it the gentleman
will give it his consideration he will agree with
me that it simply stipulates that any agree-
ment made to set aside the law of the land in
this or in any other law should be null and
void.
Mr. WOOD. The language of the section
is not susceptible of the construction which
the gentleman has put upon it.
Mr. CONGER. I submit that it can only
apply to those cases.
Mr. WOOD. It is hard both upon tne sea-
man and upon the owners. It provides thai ■
No seaman shall by any agreement forfeit his lien
upon the ship or bo deprived of any remedy for the
recovery of his wages to which howould otherwise
have been entitled; and every stipulation in any
agreement inconsistent with any provision ot this
act, and overy stipulation by which any seaman
consents to abandon his right to his wages in the case
of the loss of the ship, or to_ abandon any right,
which he may have or obtain in the nature ot sal-
vage, shall be wholly inoperative.
Now let me suggest a case. Suppose you
own a ship and you pay off your men, give
them their wages and take their receipts,
and they arc discharged, and suppose, when
that ship is ready to sail, it is_cleared at the
custom-house, and everything is ready lor her
voyage, an officer comes down with a warrant
in a case of the claim of one of those seamen.
It may involve but a small amount of money,
but by the operation of this bill the ship may
be detained in the harbor for an indefinite
period, until the question is determined,
although the owner can show the receipt of
the seaman that he has been paid.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONGER. I move to strike out the
last word of the section. I would say that the
twenty-seventh section provides entirely for the
security of the masters and the seamen as to
the settlement, and after that settlement there
can be no right to enforce such a lien. I sub-
mit to the gentleman that it is very carefully
guarded, and is an important section of the
bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to move an amendment to that section by
inserting after the word "agreement," in the
first line, the words " other 'than as provided
by this act."
Mr. WOOD. I think that would obviate
the difficulty to some extent.
Mr. CONGER. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 36. That any throe or more of the crew of any
merchant ship of the United States, as described in
section twelve of this act, may complain to any
officer in command of any of the ships of the United
States Navy, or any American consular officer, or
any shipping commissioner, or any chief omoer or
tho customs, that the provisions or water for the
use of the crew arc at any time of bad quality, unfit
for use, or deficient in quantity; such officer shall
thereupon examino tho said provisions or water, or
cause them to be examined, and if, on examination,
such provisions or water are found to be of baa
quality and unfit for use, or be deficient in quantity,
the person making such examination shall signify
the same in writing to the rnastor of the ship; ana
if such master does not thereupon provide other
proper provisions or water, where the same can ho
had, in lieu of any so signified to be of a bad qual-
ity, and unfit for use, or does not procure the requi-
site quantity of any so signified to be insufficient
in quantity or uses, any provisions or water, which
have been so signified as aforesaid to be of bad qual-
ity and unlit lor use, he shall, in every such case,
incur a penalty not exceedingrSlOO; and upon every
such examination as aforesaid, the officers making
or directing the same shall enter a statement of the
result of the examination in the log-book, and shall
send a report thereof to tho district judge of the
port at which such vessel is to arrive, and such
report shall be received in evidence in any legal
proceedings.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I -move
to amend that section by stiiking out in line
twenty five the words £;to arrive," and to in-
sert in lieu thereof the word " bound so that
it shall read, " and shall send a report thereof
to the district judge of the port at which such
vessel is bound."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk then read the next section, as
follows:
Sec. 37. That if tho officer to whom any such com-
plaint as aforesaid is made certifies in such state-
ment, as aforesaid, that there was no reasonable
ground for such complaint, each of the parties so
complaining shall be liabio to forfeit to the master
or owner, out of his wages, a sum not exceeding one
week's wages.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out that section entirely.
Mr. CONGER. I think there should be
some restraint on sailors to prevent them from
making false charges.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Very
well, then; I withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 40. That every ship belonging to a citizen or
citizens of the United States, as described in section
twelve of this act, shall be provided with a chest of
medicinos, and shall be subject to all the provisions,
regulations, and penalties which are therein con-
tained ; and every sailing ship bound on a voyage
across tho Atlantic or Pacific ocean, or around Cape
Horn or the Gape of Good Hope, shall also be pro-
vided with, and cause to be kept, a sufficient quan-
tity of lime or lemon-juiee, and also sugar and vine-
gar, or other anti-scorbutics, as Congress may sanc-
tion, to bo served out to every seaman as follows,
that is to say, the master of every such ship as last
aforesaid shall serve the lime or iemon-j uiee, or other
such articles aforesaid, and sugar and vinegar, to
the crew, within ten days after salt provisions have
been served out te tho crew, and so long afterward
as such consumption of salt provisions continues,
thelimeor lemon-juice andsugar daily at the rate
of half an ounce of each per day, and the vinegar
weekly at the rate of half a pint per week for each
member of the crew.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
in line sixteen to insert after the word "pro-
visions," the word "only;" so that it will
read, "and so long afterward as such con-
sumption of salt provisions only continues, the
lime or lemon-juice," &c.
Mr. CONGER. They may put in a little
fresh meat so as to avoid the law.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well,
that is all that is required. The difficulty is
this: from the hour they leave port, salt pro-
visions are served every day, or would have to
be if the fresh provisions give out, and there
is no danger of their keeping fresh provisions
too long, because they taint and become bad.
So they serve out the fresh provisions as long
as they last and then come to the salt, and it
is only then that there is danger of scurvy, and
it is then that the men want lime-juice.
Mr. CONGER. Well, put in the word
"mainly" instead of "only."
Mr. BUTLER; of Massachusetts. I will
accept that modification.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Sec. 42. That every master shall keep on board
proper weights and measures for the purpose of
determining the quantities of the several provisions
and articles served out, and shall allow the same to
bo used at the time of serving out such provisions
and articles, in the presence of a witness, whenever
any dispute arises about such quantities, and in
default shall, for every offense, incur a penalty not
exceeding fifty dollars.
Mr. WOOD. I have an amendment which
should have been offered to the fortieth section,
but I think it will be applicable to this section.
I move to amend the section just read by add-
inrr tn it. tllfi fnllftwinf:
ing to it the following:
And every vessel bound to any foreign port shall
also bo provided with at least one suit of woolen
clothing for each seaman forwearduring tho winter
months; and every such vessel shall be provided
with fuel for the use of seamen in tho forecastle.
Mr. HOAR. Does the gentleman think it
necessary to make that provision?
Mr. WOOD. Hardly a winter passes with-
out some vessel arriving from Europe, and
even from the West Indies, with a portion
of the crew frost-bitten, if not seriously injured
for life by the cold to which they have been
exposed. I would compel the ship-owner to
have a plain common suit of woolen clothing
for the use of poor Jack during the winter,
and to keep in the forecastle a stove with fuel
to warm him when he comes down from his
watch on deck.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following:
Sec. 50. That in-cases of wages, or effects of de-
ceased seamen or apprentices received by the circuit
courts, to which no claim is substantiatedwithin six
years after the receipt thereof by any of the said
courts, it shall be in tho absolute discretion of any
of such courts, if any subsequent claim is made,
either to allow or refuse the same; and each ot the
respective courts shall, from time to time, pay any
moneys arising from the unclaimed wages and
effects of deceased seamen, which, in the opinion ot
such court, it is not necessary to retain for tho Pur-
pose of satisfying claims, into the Treasury of the
United States, which moneys shall form a fund for,
and be appropriated to, tho relief^of sick and dis-
abled and destitute seamen belonging to tho United
States merchant marine service.
Mr. WOOD- It is evident that we cannot
finish the reading of this bill by half past four
o'clock, at which time, by order of the House,
the previous question will be operative. I
therefore move now, that I may be in tjmej
that this bill be recommitted to the Committee
on Commerce. TT
Mr CONGER. The order of the House
was that this bill should bo considered and
read bv sections until half past lour o clock
to-day." when the previous question was to be
considered as operating, unless previous y
°r Mi-6 GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would suggest
that members now indicate any amendments
thev desire to offer to any section of this tali.
The SPEAKER. Because the previous
question is to be operating upon this bill at
half past four o'clock, that does not neces-
