1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1285
Senate ; but whatever the rule is, I hope we
may all understand it alike and obey it alike,
and that there may be no distinction, which is
very embarrassing to us always. There have
been cases when gentlemen, acquaintances of
mine from the State which I have the honor
in part to represent during these years, have
been here, where it has been very unpleasant,
where they have spoken to me on the subject;
gentlemen whom I should have been very glad
to have introduced into the Chamber; gentle-
men of standing at home and of position in
the country ; but I did not venture to do it,
and when others come in, of course it makes
it very unpleasant to me to occupy that posi-
tion. I hope, therefore, the rule- may be
changed, or else that it may be observed.
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me there is
really no necessity for changing this rule; nor
have I, in the long time I have been here, seen
any evil arising from the habit of occasion-
ally bringing somebody inside the Hall. No-
body thus brought in has ever interfered with
my comfort here, and I do not think anybody
who has been brought in the Senate Chamber
has ever interfered in the least with the dig-
nity or the comfort of a single Senator. I do
not believe that the strict observance of the
rules which we have made for our own direc-
tion is always necessary. It is rarely that
anybody is brought in. For the last week or
two, when the whole city has been excited about
the debate which has been going on, the gal-
leries were so crowded that they became too
full, and the crowd came down here into the
lobbies around our Hall and ladies crowded
around the doors. I myself found one hun-
dred or two hundred ladies outside the east-
ern door, striving to look over each others'
shoulders. I gently opened the door and
asked them to be kind enough to walk in. I
do not wish to give offense to anybody. They
listened to the debate, and of course went
home much instructed.
Now, once in awhile, when a man distin-
guished in our own neighborhood, a man that
we know has rendered great service to the
country, if not in public station, in liis moral
deportment and business affairs, comes here,
why should we not ask that man, once in
awhile, upon a great occasion, to come in
liore and sit down among those "grave and
reverend seigniors?" Certainly I cannot see
any harm in it, and I trust there will be no
change in the rule, and I hope wo shall deal
gently and kindly with any Senator who may
occasionally slightly interfere with the rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to make one re-
mark in consequence of an observation that
fell from the Senator from Illinois. I think
that when persons come here under circum-
stances that entitle them to some show of
courtesy by their own representatives, it has
been customary for this courtesy to be ex-
tended to them. I will state in reply to the
observation of the Senator from Illinois that
within the last week, to my certain knowledge,
and with great pleasure to me, I have seen
several of the most distinguished citizens of
the State of Illinois here on the floor of the
Senate. It gave me great pleasure to see
them, because, from their position at home,
their character, standing, and past official
position, they were entitled to that courtesy.
I supposed as a matter of course the Senators
from Illinois had introduced these gentlemen
upon the floor of the Senate. There have been
many cases of that kind. I very rarely myself
have indulged in a violation of the rules in
that respect; but we are not very stringent
about rules in the Senate. There is not a
Senator who speaks very often on this floor
that does not daily violate the rules of the
Senate, and I have myself in a few cases—I
confess it frankly—when persons were here
from my own State who occupied suoh posi-
tions officially or personally that I wished to
pay them a compliment, asked that they be
admitted to the floor of the Senate, and I shall
do so again unless the rule is to be enforced.
Mr, EDMUNDS. Let me suggest to the
Senator from Ohio that that £>uts the officers
in charge of the doors in a very embarrassing
position. If, on his say-so, they are obliged
to admit persons that the rule and the standing
orders of the Presiding Officer say they shall
not, they must doit on iny say-so, and I should
be rather sorry to request a doorkeeper, who
might be supposed to be somewhat under the
influence of Senators, to violate a rule of the
Senate to let a friend of mine in. The trouble
is that unless you have a rule, be it broad or
narrow, which you are willing to stand to, it
puts people on an inequality and embarrasses
the officers of the Senate. If it is wise to
enlarge the rule, that is another thing; hut
whatever we do, we ought to do on the ground
of equality, because that is in favor, as my
friend from Massachusetts would say, of human
rights, and rightly so.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to say one word in
addition to what the Senator from Ohio has
said. I noticed distinguished gentlemen here
within a few days on the floor of the Senate.
I noticed something more: I noticed as a fact
that the door leading into the cloak-room be-
hind me was kept open, and a current of air
on my head drove me yesterday from my seat
with such a headache as I hope such a current
of air will never produce again. I saw a cur-
ront of people coming through that door,
several of whom I knew not entitled to the
floor, and I never knew of their being very
distinguished, either.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not think we can
amend the rule so as to admit distinguished
persons, because we all have different views
in regard to who distinguished persons are.
With the unanimous consent of the Senate, I
will offer a resolution which I think will meet
a case that I think we ought to provide for.
The clerks of our standing committees being
officers are admitted on the floor, but many
Senators are not the chairmen of any com-
mittees; our friends on the other side have
private clerks, and they ought to be admitted;
and I therefore offer the following:
Resolved, That the private secretary of any Sena-
tor may bo admitted to the floor of the Senato when
that Senator is not chairman of a committee enti-
tled to a clerk.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to refer that
resolution to the Committee on Rules. After
what has occurred in this discussion they may
deem it proper to change the rule in some
respect, but 1 now move its reference.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is no rule that
allows the clerks of committees to come upon
the floor of the Senate, but the manifest con-
venience of Senators admits them, and I see
no necessity of making any rule for the pur-
pose. As a matter of course the clerk of a
committee or the private secretary of a Sena-
tor comes in the Chamber, just the same as if
a Senator should be ill his friends or son
would be allowed to assist him to his-seat.
Mr. POMEROY. It is very proper, but
there is no rule for it.
Mr. ANTHONY. There is 110 rule that
the Sergeant-at-Arms and messengers shall
come on the floor.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes there is; the rule says,
"the officers of the Senate, members of the
House of Representatives with their clerk."
Mr. ANTHONY. Does it say " officers of
the Senato."
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, 1 have no objection
to this proposed rule except that there is no
necessity for it, as the practice prevails now by
general consent, and I am a good deal in favor
of those practices that prevail by general con-
sent without a strict rule, so long as they are
not pressed to the inconvenience of the Senate.
I think the remarks of the Chair were very per-
tinent, and I am glad the attention of the Sen-
ate has been called to this subject. I am sure
every Senator who occasionally occupies tho
chair will bear testimony to the embarrassing
position in which the Vice President must bo
placed where he is called upon to enforce the
rule by the whole Senate, and every Senator
thinks an exception should be made in his
favor. He thinks the rule should be enforced
against everybody but himself. I think we
ought not to put the Vice President to that
inconvenience, and I think Senators ought to
be very careful indeed whom they ask the
Vice President to permit to come on the floor;
and with that understanding I think the rule
might as well remain as it.
Mr. CALDWELL. Mr. President 
The VICE _ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin is entitled to the floor. The
Chair only made this statement, and does not
desire
Mr. CARPENTER. I yield to the Senator
from Kansas.
Mr. CALDWELL. I am one of the young-
est members of the Senate, and my study is to
learn the rules and obey thetn, and not to vio-
late them. I think when a rule is once made
it should be rigidly adhered to. If it is left to
the discretion of every Senator and almost
everybody else as to how closely they will ad-
here to the rules I think they will be violated
very frequently. But when I came here I got
tlie impression that the private secretaries of
Senators were permitted to come upon the
floor. I have a private secretary, and fre-
quently it has been very convenient to me to
have him by me; and I have perhaps uuwit-
tingly been introducing him into the Senato
Chamber. I do not wish to violate any rule,
and if the private secretaries of Senators who
are not fortunate enough to be chairmen of
committees have no right on the floor of the
Senate, then I want to know it, and I assure
you I shall be the last to introduce a private
secretary or anybody else on this floor who is
not entitled to admission under the rules. I
oi^'y say this much for the reason that I have
been introducing my private secretary here,
and I regret exceedingly if in doing so I have
violated the rule; but 1 thought inasmuch as
I had been doing that, that it was due to the
Senate that I should say so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois moves the reference of this whole sub-
ject, with the proposition of the Senator from
Kansas, [Mr. Pomeroy,] to the Committee
on Rules.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
now state to Senators who have, as they have
stated themselves, sometimes introduced per-
sons on the floor, that the rule must now be
strictly enforced until it is amended, if at all,
by the Senate. This is to relieve the Chair
himself of a very great deal of embarrassment.
It may be fit to say now that during the debate
which happened a few days since a number
of Senators were appealed to to admit distin-
guished gentlemen like supreme judges and
ex-Governors of their States, and some words
occurred which, if the Chair had heard them,
he would have asked the Senator or Senators
to modify, but he was really answering gen-
tlemen on each side of him, endeavoring if
possible to restrain their desires for the admis'
sion of friends and to consent that they might
not ask to be admitted on the floor. He will
himself enforce this rule, as it appears to be
the pleasure of the Senato, and Senators them-
selves must of course obey it. The officers of
the Senate will take notice that the forty-
seventh rule is to be strictly observed.
Before passing from the subject, the Chair
will state that the Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Bjjownlow,] whose physical infirmity is
well known, has his son or secretary, (the
Chair does not know which,) who comes in to
