338
APPENDIX TO TJIE COI^GRESSI^AL GLOBE.
[May 2,
Ho, of Eeps.
The Tariff—Mr. Hibbard.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
not in the cost at the mine, but in the expense
of useless and burdensome transportation.
This point is so admirably treated by Mr.
Wells, late Speeial Commissioner of the Rev-
enue, that J make no apology for quoting a
Ijberal extract from bis last report:
"Nature has been bountiful to the United States
in many things, but iu none morer so than in the
distribution of coal over its surface. Of the immeas-
urable wealth to grow out.of it no one can adequately
conceive. But in this prqvisien New England, New-
York. and the Atlantic coa'st hav"o no immediate
part. The coldest and so most'dependerit on fuel;
the oldest and so most bare of wood.; the most densely
peupled and so the largest consumers of fuet in pro-
portion to its area, this portion of the country nap-
pens to be the only part upon Which a eoal duty bears
at all. It would seein as if no fair-minded person
could wish to have this point urged further. ^JJut
■when it is- considered that manufactures such as iron,
in which fuel is most largely used, are carried on in
New York and New England in competition, to a
certain extent, with thesaparts of thecouutry where
eoal is untaxed, because found on the spot, the gross
unfairness of a tax upon the productive industry of
one seotion that is not borne by another seems more
obvious.
" When a duty is imposed on tea, coffee, or spiees,
it is equal all over the country. Let Ue suppose that
the duty on eoal as now fixed—SI 25 in gold equal
to, say, SI 50 in currency per ton—were levied upon
all the coal used in the conntry, as the duty on tea
is levied upon all tea, would it be borne with equa-
nimity! The amount of such a duty if collected
w^uld exceed $25,0 0,000 in currency. The sugges-
tion seems monstrous, and yet the coal duty now
levied does actually, to the extentof the area to
which it is coBfiued, burden the industry subject to
it to that extreme degree. It is hard to enlarge upon
such a proposition; a plain case of equity, of fair
play, needs only a plain statement, and not an
elaborate argument."
The average rate of duty for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1861, was nineteen per cent.,
while the average rate for the last bscal year
was forty-seven per cent. Do the opponents
of reduction say that the requirements of the
Government are much larger now lhan then ?
I answer that it' the rates of duty were reduced
the importations would be larger and tbe
amount of revenue increased. W e are not now
called upon to decide the controversy between
protection and free trade. The question is, shall
the amount of protection be exorbitant or shall
it be reasonable? Prom the nature of the case
our products and manufactures mnst-be largely
protected; otherwise the colossal revenues
required to pay the vast expenditures of the
Government, including pensious and interest
on the public debt, cannot be raised. No one
seriously advocates " free trade and direct tax-
ation." A tariff framed to satisfy tbe most
ultra revenue reformers in Congress would
incidentally afford most liberal protection to
almost every branch of American industry.
But We are told that a high protective tariff
increases the piice of labor; that without it
the American manufacturer cannot compete
with the' pauper labor of Europe. Let the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Finket.nburg,]
a Hepublkan member ot the Committee of
Ways and Means, answer that objection. In
his recent unanswerable speech he says:
"Ihave paid some attention of late to the pro-
portion of the cost of labor to the whole cost of
manufactured products, and I have found somewhat
to my own surprise that it rarely exceeds twenty-
live per cent. For iustance, labor represents only
fifteen to twenty per cent, in the cost of making pig
iron, only fifteen per cent, in woolen goods, twenty-
five per cent, in cotton goods, eighteen per cent, in
paper, and in some articles, as lor'instance in soap,
it siuks down to only six per cent., while a tobacco
manufacturer told us in committee that the labor
in sweetened plug tobacco costs less than the licorice
which goes into it. I have all these figures from
the statements of manufacturers themselves.
"Ilie bulk of the cost is always in the material,
besides such items as fuel, rent, interest, &e. Now,
even taking twenty-five per cent, as tbe average
cost ol labor, it will be perceived that a protection
of only twenty-five percent, on the whole value of
the article is equal to a protection of one hundred
percent, on the labor that goes into the article; a
duty of fifty per cent, on the value is equal to two
hundred per cent, on the labor: seventy-five per
cent, on the value is equal to three hundred per
cent, on the labor, and a duty of one hundred per
cent, on the value, such as we have several of on
our tariff schedule, amounts to a protection of four
hundred pei cent, on the labor 1"
To this it might be added that iron-ship
building, the cost of which embraces a greater
proportion of labor than almost any other
branch of manufacture, is completely paral-
yzed by the present duty on iron .and other
materials, ana the laborers who ought to Be
engaged in it are obliged to lie idle or resort
to other and less remunerative employments.
My distinguished friend from New York
[Mr. Wood] addressed the House on Satur-
day upon the tea and coffee question. I fear
his zeal to sustain his vote upon the bill to ad-
mit them free led htm to make some assertions
which are not consistent with his customary
accuracy of statement. Did the honorable
gentleman really mean, as be stated, that "the
poor man, (he man who lives by bis own man-
ual labor, spends ten dollars for tea and coffee
where be spends one for iron and woolen?"
Had he reversed his figures, and stated the
expense of tea and, coffee for the poor man at
one tenth the cost of his iron and woolen
goods, he would have come much nearer hi3
usual standard of correctness.
I accept the gentleman's statement that
"the ordinary consumption of woolen cloth
ing will not exceed one hundred dollars per
year for an ordinary workingman's family."
He did not tell us the expense of iron to the
workingman, nor of his tea and coffee. Pass-
ing over the iron, as to which I have no reli-
able statistics, I find the average consump-
tion of tea iij the United States in 1871, was
about one and a half pounds to each inhabit-
ant, and the average consumption of coffee
about eight pounds to each inhabitant, or
about time pounds of tea and about forty-eight
pounds of coffee for a family of six persons.
Jf we estimate the average retail price of tea
to be $1 20 per pound, making $10 80, and
that of coffee to be thirty cents per pound,
making $14 40, we find the entire cost of tea
and coffee for a family of six persons one year
to be $25 20, while the whole duty paid on
both during the year for the family of six
would be $2 79! So the poor man's woolen
clothing alone (to say nothing about iron or
articles made of iron) costs him about four
times as much as his tea and coffee !
But the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] also stated that "the poor man's fam-
ily is a larger consumer of tea and coffee than
the family of the rich man. Tbe latter can
procure his wines and fine liquors, of an expen-
sive character, and in these finds his principal
beverage." Doubtless this is too often true,
but I cannot think it is extensively so. While
I believe it to be true that the rich man is a
greater consumer of tea and coffee than the
poor man, I have made no distinction in the
estimates I have given.
Borrowing liberally from the admirable
illustrations heretofore given by my excellent
friends, the gentlemau from Illinois, [Mr.
Marshall,] and the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr,] I may analyze for a moment the
popular idea of "a free breakfast table,"
which has captivated so many humane gentle-
men. The poor man puts on his flannel shirt
taxed sixty.-five percent., his coat, vest, and
trowtsers taxed sixty per cent., and his boots
taxed thirty-five percent., and sits down to his
breakfast table, (made "free" by theremoval
of duties on tea and coffee to tbe amount of
about three dollars per annum for an ordinary
family!) which is held together by nails taxed
thirty per cent., or screws taxed fifty per cent.,
and with hinges taxed seventy per cent., and
painted with materials taxed fifty per cent., and
covered with atable cloth taxed forty per cent.
His good wife clad in clothing taxed from thirty-
five to one hundred per cent., following the
directions of her cook book taxed twenty-five
per cent., having placed upou his table his
frugal meal, consisting mainly of provisions
produced by the aid of agricultural implements
taxed fifty per ccnt., cooked in vessels taxed
fifty-three per cent., upou a stove taxed sixty
per cent., heated with coal taxed fifty per
cent., he proceeds to season it with salt taxed
from one hundred to one hundred and eighty
per cent., or spices taxed from forty to one
hundred and twenty-five per cent., and to par-
take of it from plates, cups, and saucers taxed
forty per cent., witb a knife and fork taxed
thirty-five per cent., sweetening his "free" tea
or coffee with sugar taxed fifty per cent., using
a spoon taxed fcrty-fiye per-cent. Retiring,
then, to his morning devotions, he reads a chap-
ter from the family Bible priuted ou paper taxed
twenty percent., with type taxed twenty-five per
cent., and ink taxed thirty five per cent., and
kneels upon a carpet taxed sixty per cent.
Surely the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kerr]
was correct in his remark that " the boast of a
free breakfast table is simply an able-bodied
absurdity."
The honorable gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wood] was inaccurate again when he
stated that " for tweaty-five years the Demo-
cratic party supported the Government alto-
gether from revenue collected from imported
goods, without any internal revenue, without
Buty upon tea and coffee, and without any
debt." He was hardly accurate when he
stated that from 1832 to 1861 " tea and coffee
came in altogether free, except a nominal
duty in the acts of 1832 and 1836." An ex-
amination of the statutes shows that while the
fathers of the Republic and their immediate
successors, from the foundation of our Govern-
ment down to 1832, imposed heavy duties on
tea and coffee, an act was passed on the 14th
of July, 1832, admitting coffee free and taking
the duty from teas imported from China or
east of the Cape of Good Hope and in United
States vessels, but providing for a duty of, ten
cents per pound on all otherwise imported.
By the act of September 11, 1841, all duties
were remo-ved from both tea and coffee. To is
act remained in force about one year. By the
act of August 30, 1842, tea and coffee were
admitted free when imported in American ves-
sel from the places of their growth and pro-
duction,, but were subject to a duty of twenty
per cent, when otherwise imported. The act
of July 30.1846, contained a simlar provision,
with the addition that they were also admitted
free when imported direct from the place of
growth and production in foreign vessels ex-
empt by treaty stipulations from discriminat-
ing duties. This provisioa, which remained
iu force till August, 1861, is also contained m
the bill recently reported by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] from the
minority of the Committee of Ways and Means.
This discrimination in favor of Amejican
vessels, or foreign vessels exempt from dis-
criminating duties, for the encouragement of
direct trade with countries beyond the Cape of
Good Hope,, was not so unimportant us many
suppose. Duties to a considerable amount weie
collected on tea and coffee, although the prin-
cipal importations were free and iu American
vessels. What a bounty was heie held out to
American shipping! 1 do not approve of the
plan of attemptingto reestablish our supremacy
upon the ocean by special legislation of this
character, but such a plan would be preferable
to none, if the statesmen of the present day,
while making tea and coffee free, were to do
something to lift the heavy weight which now
paralyzes our shipping iuterests, by conferring
upon American vessels speeial privileges iu
the transportation of three or four hundred
million pounds of tea and coffee per annum,
they would entitle themselves to more thanks
than they can fairly claim now.
But with hardly sufficient A merican ocean ton-
nage to.afford a respectable competition, such
legislation might increase the prices of freight to
nearly the extent of the duty removed, and
