1286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
assist him to his chair in the Senate. If there
be no objection, he will be excluded from the
operation of the rule, as also the Senator from
Indiana, [Mr. Morton.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is proper.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask unanimous consent
that until the committee report the secretaries
of Senators may be admitted as usual, because
they are in fact unofficial clerks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the proposition that until this rule shall
be reported upon the private secretaries of
Senators may be admitted, by the Senators
themselves vouching for their being their
secretaries ?
Mr. HILL. I must object to the proposi-
tion. I never introduced anybody here in my
life.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made, and the proposition cannot be enter-
tained.
Mr. CONKLING. May I be indulged in
an inquiry of the Chair? Are not clerks of
the committees of the Senate by the rules
admitted to the Chamber now?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule states
"the officers of the Senate."
Mr. SUMNER. Are they officers?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairsup-
poseS they must be. They are included in the
official list of the directory.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They are provided for by
law as officers of the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. And they must be within
the rule.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I hope the Senator
from Georgia will not interpose his objection
to prevent those Senators v/ho have not the
advantage of having officers of the Senate as
their secretaries from bringing in their own
private secretaries. It is a very great con-
venience, and certainly no Senator, after the
remarks which have been made here, will
introduce anybody but his private secretary.
Mr. HILL. It would virtually double the
body to admit that number of persons.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg the Senator's par-
don. They already come in now. Itadrits
none who have not been in the habit of com'ing
in; but the Vice President has stated that
under the intimations of the Senate he will
feel himself bound to enforce the rule rigidly.
Of course it does not affect me; [ have no pri-
vate secretary; but there are Senators here who
have; and they are very necessary to the trans-
action of public business, as we all know. It
is essential to the transaction of public busi-
ness that a Senator should be able to commun-
icate constantly with his secretary.
Mr. HILL. So far as I am concerned, I
would willingly see the rule relaxed so as to
allow the secretaries of chairmen of commit-
tees to come on the floor.
Mr. ANTHONY. They come in now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The clerks of
committees are admitted on the floor under
the rule, but this is a proposition to provide
for Senators who are not chairmen of commit-
tees and who have secretaries of their own.
Mr. HILL. It is evidently proper that the
secretaries of the two Senators referred to
by the Chair, for the particular reason stated,
shall be allowed to come upon the floor; but
I take it for granted that at the time this rule
was adopted everything in regard to the con-
venience of Senators was considered as much
as it eould be now. It is no new thing: the
rule has undergone revision time and again ;
and I think the experience of the Senate may
have shown that the rule has gone quite as
far as it ought to go. I am not inclined to
extend it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is made,
and the Senator fiom Wisconsin will now pro-
ceed unless the unanimous consent of the ben-
ate is asked for the further continuance of this
debate, as the subject has been referred to, the
Committee on Rules.
sales ob1 akms to french agents.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution submitted by Mr. Sumner on the
12th instant, the pending question being on
the amendment offered by Mr. Schcrz, to add
at the end of the resolution the following :
And also whether breech-loading muskets, or
other muskets capable of being transformed into
breech-loaders, have been sold by the War UeDart-
merit in such large numbers as seriously to impair
the defensive capacity of the country in case ot war.
Mr. CARPENTER addressed the_ Sen-
ate. [His speech will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. SCHURZ. The closing sentences of
the Senator's speech were pitched in a strain
not unusual in this debate. When argument
is at fault, then an appeal to prejudice is in
order, and it is resorted to without restraint.
It seems to be fashionable now to ascribe all
that is disagreeable to the Administration to
some foreign influence, against which the
native spirit must rise. Yesterday we heard
even the general-order business in theNew
York custom-house, which I take occasion to
denounce again as a scandalous abuse, in some
manner justified on the plea that foreign im-
porters were at the bottom of the movement
against it. To-day we hear another charge
of corrupt practices discredited upon the
ground that this resolution is to affect the
sympathies of the foreign-born citizens of
this country, and that it may serve foreign
interests.
Gentlemen, I tell you this will be of no
avail. The people want a just and honest con-
duct of Government. The people are rising
up against corruption wherever it shows its
head, and you cannot dissuade them from
their purpose by pretending the general-order
business in New York is unpopular with for-
eign importers, or that there is no wrong con-
nected with the sales of arms because foreign
Governments are concerned, or because I was
born in Germany.
I asked the Senator from Wisconsin whether
he charged me with any unpatriotic motive.
He seemed to disclaim it, and yet he did so
charge by inuendo. It would have been more
manly and courageous in him had he stood up
here and spoken out, " You have not cast off
your allegiance to the foreign Power of which
you were formerly a subject, and you are at
the present moment betraying American inter-
ests." Instead of making the charge he tried
to shift it, tried to turn and squirm, so as to
give the people to understand bis meaning,
without courageously bringing it out with blunt
directness. I deny it with the indignation of
a clear conscience.
I do not stand here to make a defense of my
patriotism. I did not come to this country
yesterday. I have been here for twenty years.
If the Senator from Wisconsin can point out
in my past life a single instance where there
was a sacrifice demanded of me that I did not
make, where there was a service I could ren-
der that I have not rendered, where there was
an act of patriotism I could perform that I
have noFperforrned, let him point it out, and
I will answer. No, sir, this resolution is not
brought forward as something to benefit some
foreign Government. The accusation is pre-
posterous.
I knew very well when this discussion began
that it would be attempted on the part of those
who justify anything the Administration may
do to give it such a turn, and to appeal to the
prejudice of some people in order to cover up
what is wrong. I repeat, gentlemen, do not
indulge in delusions; that transparent trick
will not succeed.
Sir, I am not going to discuss at length the
question of international law raised by the
Senator from Wisconsin when he endeavored
to show that sales of arms by the Government
to a belligerent were legal; I am not going
to quote authorities and read documents,
but I will, in a very few simple words, appeal
to the common sense of the Senate and of
the world. The Senator from Wisconsin is ,
aware that I have not attempted fin elab-
orate discussion of points of international law
in the speeches I have made. But I will say
now that there was one grave and astounding
error running through his whole argument
absolutely fatal to his conclusions. It was
simply this, that throughout his whole speech
he confounded the trade which might be legit-
imately carried on with belligerent parties by
private merchants with the trade carried on
with belligerent parties directly by a govern-
ment. Nobody denies that American citizens
are permitted to sell arms to a belligerent
Power; nobody denies that in the regular
course of trade they are permitted to sell war-
like supplies; but the question would assume
a very different aspect if the Government
should claim the right to open its arsenal^
and its dock-yards to do the same thing. And
this is what the Senator from Wisconsin de-
clares legitimate under the law of nations. He
is the first exponent of public law who ven-
tures so far.
Why, sir, our own Government recognized
the principle that it was not permitted to do this.
Why was it, while private citizens were under
the proclamation of neutrality entirely unre-
stricted in their commerce, subject to their risk,
why was it, I ask, that the Secretary of War
established the rule that no arms should be
sold to the agent of a belligerent Power by
the Government? Simply because the Gov-
ernment itself recognized the principle that it
was wrong and incompatible with neutral
obligations to do so. If the Government had
not reco'gnized that principle, what did the
rule of action mean which the War Depart-
ment laid down for itself? The Senator stands
controverted by the act of our own Govern-
ment as by the common sense of mankind.
With these few simple remarks the whole
theory of international law laboriously ad-
vanced by the Senator from Wisconsin drops
to pieces. To adopt the language which has
been used by several Senators with regard to
the grounds of suspicion adduced by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, there is not a shred
left of it; it is pulverized to atoms.
The Senator from Wisconsin tried to make
us believe that a Government might do so if
there was no intention to aid either of the
belligerent Powers. Intention ! Suppose we
were to drift into a war with a foreign nation,
or suppose another rebellion were to occur in
this country, and then some foreign Govern-
ment were to open its arsenals and its dock-
yards and from thence send to our enemies sup-
plies and arms, with or without pay; suppose
our remonstrances met with the simple reply,
"Oh! we do not intend to hurt you ;" do you
think that would be satisfactory to us? Is
that the rule the Senator desires to have estab-
lished ? Is not such an idea absolutely pre-
posterous?
Nay, further than that, the Senator from
Wisconsin endeavored to prove to us that it
was not only the right but the duty of our
War Department to sell arms under those cir-
cumstances, even to agents of the belligerent
parties, for, says he, the War Department is
not only authorized but directed to do so.
Very well, if the War Department was not
only authorized but directed to do so, then it
was wrong for the War Department to stop
those sales or to refuse to sell to persons
known as French agents if their bids were
good and they were able to pay. Is not this
clear? If the War Department had an oppor-
tunity to sell to agents of either of the belli-
gerent Powers, andthe War Department, being
directed to sell those arms, refused, the War
Department did not fulfill its duty. And here
then I will, in the name of the Senator from
Wisconsin, make a direct charge.
We have been asked: "Why did you not,
