2184
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
OKDKR OF BUSINESS.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to give notice that
as soon as the morning business is concluded
I shall move to take up the coal-land bill.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a reso-
lution of the Legislature of Massachusetts,
relating to the transfer of the public lands of
the United States to corporations ; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a communication from
the board of canvassers appointed by a pro-
vision of the constitution of the proposed
State of Deseret, transmitting an abstract of
returns of an election held in Utah Territory
on March 18, 1872, for the purpose of voting
for or against the constitution of the proposed
State of Deseret; which was referred to the
Committee on Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of James
Bax-bour, of Culpeper, Virgiuia, praying the
removal of his political disabilities ; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. ALCORN. I present a memorial of
the Legislature of Mississippi, praying the res-
toration of a land grant to the Gulf and Ship
Island Railroad Company. This is no new
proposition. The grant was made in times
past to that road of the lands along the line of
the road, but by reason of the revolution the
grant lapsed. The Legislature of Mississippi
now ask Congress to extend the period for the
construction of the road and to restore the
grant. I move its reference to the Committee
on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALCORN presented tho petition of
Simon B. Spright, praying the removal of his
political disabilities; which was referred to
the select Committee on the Removal ot' Polit-
ical Disabilities.
Mr. VINDOM presented two petitions of
citizens of the United States, late soldiers in
the United States Army, praying the passage
of a law at an early day making an equitable
equalization of tho bounties of all soldiers,
sailors, and marines who served honorably
and faithfully during any period of the war;
which were leferred to tho Committee on
Military A (fairs.
Mr. FEiiKY, of Michi gaiij presented a peti-
tion of citizens of Ypsilanti, Michigan, repre-
senting thnt a desolating famine exists in many
districts of the Persian nation, and praying
Congress jo adopt such measures as they may
think best to bring the subject before the pub-
He inind, and provide ways and means for col-
lecting and disbursing the charities of the
benevolent, who may wiali to remember them
in their adversity ; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUUNliR presented a memorial of W.
L. Groat, ci Lexington, Massachusetts, remon-
strating.against the extension of the patent of
A. 13. Wilson for a feeding motion to sewing
machines ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on patents.
Mr. SCLUNKR. I also present the memo-
rial of the Liberal Land League of Kansas, an
organization composed of actual settlers upon
the Cherokee neutral lands, signed by their
president, vice president, treasurer, secretary,
and doorkeeper, in which they call attention
to Senate bill 5o8, for the relief of the actual
settlers upon the Cherokee neutral lands in
the State of Kansas, and state that the pre-
amble of that bill clearly and briefly states the
true history of their case. I move the refer-
ence of this memorial to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. 1 present a memorial, or rather
resolutions, of the Chamber of Commerce of
the eity ot San Francisco, relating to com-
merce on the Pacific ocean.
Mr. POMEROY. They cannot telegraph a
memorial.
Mr. COLE. I ask that these resolutions be
printed in the Globe.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are reso-
lutions affecting a public matter, apparently,
and if there be no objection they will be
ordered to be printed in the Globe.
The resolutions are as follows:
San Francisco, April 4,1872.
The Chamber of Commerce held ameeting to-day,
at which the following was adopted unanimously:
The increasing claims of commerceupon the Pacific
ocean, the opening of more friendly intercourse with
tho countries bordering thereon, and larger facili-
ties for the transportation of passengers and freight
to the Atlantic sea-board, require permanent lines
of first-elaps steamships, under more liberal patron-
age of the Government, from San Francisco to China
and Japan; as also to tho British colonies of Aus-
tralia and New Zealand; thatthe encouragement of
those two lines of steamers by Congress,semi-monthly
to China and Japan and monthly to the Australian
and New Zealand colonies, is a matter of vital im-
portance to the people of tho United States, inas-
much as it would undoubtedly result in diverting a.
large portion of the trade and intercourse with most
of the countries and productive islands of the Pacific
ocean from the time-worn routes, via the Capo of
Good Hope or the Isthmus of Suez, to the American
continent.
That in tho opinion of this chamber it should b«
equally the policy of the Government to foster inter-
course by sea as well as by land, and to grant reason-
able subsidies to the lines of mail steamers, for the
purpose of securing foreign commerce to our own
shores, as well as to extend assistance to lines of
railroad for the purpose ot facilitating and develop-
ing internal communication. That it is the earnest
prayer of this chamber that Congress should extend
such assistance to steamers plying between this port
and Japan as will enable them to secure permanently
the vast advantages of trade between those coun-
tries by the establishment of a semi-monthly line;
and also by such othor assistance to steamers plying
between this port and Australia and New Zealand
as will promote the important and increasing inter-
course with these rich and rapidly developing coun-
tries.
The following also passed the senate and assembly
of California April 1:
tiesolved, We do hereby earnestly solicit Congress
to grant a semi-monthly service and an annual
subsidy of Sl.OOO.OOu in aid thereof, and do hereby
instruct our Senators and request our Representa-
tives in the "United States Congress to use their best
endeavors to procure the passage of a Federal statute
effecting these objects.
Mr. SRENCER presented the petition of
Littleton Crabtree, of Mobile, Alabama, pray-*
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
which was referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. CORBETT presented a petition of citi-
zens of Oregon, praying that any law repealing
the duties upon tea and colfee may not take
effect until at least ninety days after its enact-
ment; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of citi-
zens of the United States, engaged in the man-
ufacture of earthenware, stoneware, &c., re-
monstrating against the proposed reduction
of the duty on earthenware and stoneware ;
also praying the enactment of a law imposing
a specific duty of seven dollars per ton on all
foreign earthenware, stoneware, clay drain or
sewer-pipes, and chimney-flues, and a duty of
nine dollars per ton on the bends, branches,
and other fittings of such pipes and flues, and
a duty of ten dollars per ton on all foreign
clay chimney-tops ; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania, late soldiers of the Army of
the United States, praying legislation to give
all soldiers, sailors, and marines who served
honorably and were discharged after such
service, and their heirs, if deceased, $8
per month for the time served, deducting Gov-
ernment bounty heretofore paid ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CALDWELL presented three memo-
rials of citizens of the United States, remon-
strating against the extension of patents of
Allen B. Wilson for improvements m sewing-
machines ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a memorial of
the Memphis and Little Rock Railroad Com-
pany and the Little Rock and Fort Smith
Railroad Company, asking legislation approv-
ing the construction of a bridge across the
Arkansas river; which was referred to the
Committee oa Post Offices and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of David
L. Wright be taken from the files of tho Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
SETTLERS IN IOWA.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 590) for the relief of certain settlers ou
the public lands in Iowa under the provisions
of (he homestead laws, have had the same
under consideration, and have directed me
to report it back without amendment, and to
recommend its passage.
Mr. WRIGHT. For the first time, I be-
lieve, since I have had a seat in this body, I
ask that that bill be pat on its passage at this
time. It was reported upon favorably in the
Ilouse of Representatives, and passed that
body, was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands here, aud has now been reported
favorably by that committee.
Mr. POMEROY. I would have asked for
its present consideration at the request of the
Senator, but for the fact that it contains a long
list of names of the parties benefited by it,
which it would take some time to read.
Mr. HABLAN. They can be omitted it!
the reading.
Mr. POMEROY. If the names are omitted
it will occupy but a few moments ; but if the
names are read, it will take some time.
Mr. WRIGHT. There is 110 necessity for
reading those names at all.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Iowa asks that the bill just reported by the
Senator from Kansas favorably from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands may tee considered at
the present time. Is there objection ? It will
be taken up subject to a demand for the reg-
ular order if it should give rise to debate or
occupy too much time.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask that the names be
omitted in the reading. There is no necessity
for reading them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ There appears
to be no particular legislation in the bill omit-
ting the names, excepting the concluding para-
graph of the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. The concluding paragraph
contains ail the legislation that there is iu the
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the list of names will be omitted in
the reading, and only the first and the con-
cluding portions of the bill wdl be read.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 590)
for the relief of certain settlers on the public
lands in Iowa under the provisions of the
homestead laws.
Mr. POMEROY. Thesesettlers settled npon
land that was supposed to be within the limits
of a railroad grant, and the lauds were with-
drawn from market; but when the road came
to be actually located, these lands were found
to be outside the limits of the grant, and.
therefore, although their entries havo been
canceled, in equity they ought to have them,
for they are equitably entitled to them. There
were thirty days allowed for these lands to be
restored, and, technically speaking, they had
their entry within the thirty days, which was
thirty days sooner than they ought to have
done it, so that the relief they asked for must
be given by Congress.
Mr. W1NDOM. They have been on the
land all the time.
The-VICE PRESIDENT. The last para-
graph of the bill will be reported, which con-
tains the legislation.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
lie it enacted, &e.. That the homestead applica-
tions of the following persons, made at tlia land
