340
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Jievcnue Reform—Mr. Bird.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The city of Memphis, on the eastern bank
of the Mississippi, by her commerce, pop-
ulation, luad wealth, has become one of the
great centers of trade, which demands the
facilities asked for.
i submit some facts for your consideration,
that, you may the better determine the justness
of the application:
Extracted from the report of the Chamber of Com-
merce of the city of Memphis.
Bales of cotton received for the year ending 1st Sep-
tember. 1871 511,432
Value of tbesame S39.S62.356
W holesale and retail hardware, dry goods,
and grocery trade    71,003,356
Custom-house duties p;tid  334,053
Manufactures—value of  4,103,449
Tonnage of twenty-six steamers owned
in Memphis....-    893,383 tons.
Pout Office business as reported by the Postmasters.
"The amount of mail matter handled is estimated
as follows: Amount of newspapers, average weight
two tons daily, equal to seven hundred and thirty
tons annually.
Average number of drop letters daily, 0.400, or, an-
nually   2,336,000
Average number of letters delivered 4,000
daily, or, annually   1,460,000
Average mipober of letters received from
other offices for distribution, daily, 15,000, _
or, annually :  5,475.000
Total handled annually..
9,271.000
Cash received from April 1,1871. to March 31.1872.
Newspaper postage     $2,951 40
Box rent?  717 50
Postage stamps S' ld   4i,645 ti
Stamped envelopes sold  21,347 72
Due postage collected on delivery of let-
ters  987 55
Total postal revenue collected during
the year  73,649 91
Draft department.
Collected on Department's drafts sent to
' this office for collection during tbe year 6,885 24
Received on deposit.
Cash remitted from other offices, tl}is
being the office of deposit for eastern
Arkansas, north Mississippi, west Ten-
nessee, and western Kentucky-  21,722 30
Money*order department.
Issued from April 1, 1871, to
March 31,1872, 9,529, amount.$183,340 45
Amount money-order funds re- *
ceived on deposit from other
ofliees     627,794-00
Total amount money-order
funds received   811,134 45
Total cash receipts from all sources
during the year .'....$913,390 90
Disbursements.
The above-named sum has been disbursed as fol-
lows : Paid 14,835 money orders drawn on this office,
amount $402,677 83
Remitted to New York and Louisville for
payment of money ordersdrawn on those
offices throughout the country  470,500 00
Balance paid mail contractors, mail mes-
sengers, and office expenses, including
small balance held in reserve for that •
purpose    40,213 07
Total..
.4913.390 90
the federal cottrt.
The number of cases on the Federal court
docket will not fall short of three thousand
annually ; many of them on the admiralty side
of the docket, of the highest importance, grow-
ing out of the extensive and constantly in-
creasing commerce on the Mississippi river.
Mr. Speaker, I have given a condensed state-
ment of the commerce, postal, and Federal
courtbusinessofthecity of Memphis. _ I doubt
whether there is a city on this continent, or
elsewhere, with double her population that can
make such an exhibit. Think of it, a city of
between fifty and sixty thousand people, whose
wholesale and retail dry goods and grocery
trade reaches'the large sura of $71,002,356";
whose exports of one staple alone (cotton)
reaches $40,000,000; whose postal receipts
pay into the Treasury daily $201,80.
The Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds will remember that a delegation com-
posed of fiftyofthe leading citizensof Philadel-
phia appeared before them and made a state-
ment, with some degrees of exultation, that
tbe postal business of that great city, number-
ing, 1 believe was the statement, seven hundred
thousand population, paid into tbe Treasury
daily §1,000. By comparing the population and
postal receipts of the two cities you will per-
ceive that Memphis, in proportion to popula-
tion, on postal business pays more than two
dollars to Philadelphia's one.
I make this comparison with no wish to dis-
parage the just claims of that great city.
The Government haspursued the policy hith-
erto of locating custom-houses in the ditfereot
sections of the country when justified by the
trade of the city applying. Iu pursuance of
this policy they have located such buildiugs at
Mobile, Savannah, Charleston,, and New Or-
leans. Notwithstanding Memphis was a mere
Tillage in 183$, and the cities named are older
than the Government, she surpasses them, all
is business except New Orleans. If it were
wise—I am not saying it was not—for the Gov-
ernment to place such buildings in the cities
named, can any good reason be assigned why
Memphis should not be entitled to equal facil-
ities ?
1 have spoken of Memphis as she is now.
With the railroads made and being made east
of the Mississippi river, in a very short time
she will be in a direct and close connection
with every city on the Gulf and Atlantic coast,
and with all the interior towns and cities of
the entire country north and east of the
Mississippi river. West of the Mississippi
she has railroad connection with the capital
of Arkansas. Capitalists, with Tom Scott at
their head, have (1 am informed) undertaken
to bridge the Mississippi at Memphis, and to
extend westward our railroad system so as to
embrace much of Arkansas, Louisiana, Texas,
the Pacific coast, and many of the States of
Mexico, while in another direction active
efforts are being made to extend railroads to
Kansas, and all that section ©f country in
the upper Mississippi valley to tbe borders
of Canada.
Tke completion of these roads is but a matter
of time; they are certain to be built, because
needed togive adequate facilities to this section
of the country. VVhen completed they will
make Memphis the principal cotton mart of
the Union, the great center for distributing
the productions of the North and Northwest
with the South, the southern Atlantic and
Gulf cities, and intervening cities and towns
of the interior.
Having said this much I might with propri-
ety conclude, if something within me did not
bid me say more and cast myself upon your
indulgence while doing so. I sometimes fear—
I hope I err—that in asking for my section of
country ft matter of-justice and ri'ght'tbat pre-
judices growing out of the history of the past
may weigh in the scale against us.
With uplifted hands I implore you, and each
of you, to bury deep, deep, deep in oblivion
the struggles and incidents of the recent past
with the generous arid ennobling sentiment
that w,e~are the offspring of a common ances-
try, bound together by a thousand ties of
kindred, common interests, and a common
destiny; and that you, and I, and all can best
discharge our duties here by common and
united efforts to heal the dissensions of the
past and build up this Rome of ours to be the
glory and admiration of the world.
We should remember that wars are the con-
comitant of nations ; that men are but mortals,
liable to err, and that we may have wars and
conflicts so long as avarice and ambition shall
sway the councils of men.
History is an index of the hearts of men as
they ever have been, asthey ever will be. "it is a
sibyl unfolding its mysteries to time leaf by leaf.
Now turn to those leaves, and tell me, if you
caii, what page there is not stained with blood.
Cast your eyes over the history of nations of
antiquity and of modern times, and tell me if
you can which of them there was, or is, that at
one time or another was not drenched in blood.
To go no further back, run your minds over
the history ofEngland, of France, of Germany,
of Spain, of Italy, and tell me if you can in
what period of fifty years either of them were
without wars, internal or external. Again,
tell me, if you can, on which side or which
party the error lies. If all countries in all
ages have been plunged in wars, can we reason-
ably hope that we have either become so wise
or so prudent as to escape tbe follies and errors
of all other nations ? I allude to these matters
not to stir up strife or unkindliness, or even
uncharitableness, but with the hope that you
will weigh without resentment the justice of
my plea.
Mr. Speaker, I came here with no other feel-
ings than thoseof the utmost kindness and good
will to each and everyone of you. I came here to
say, as I do now, if history has written a black
and bloody page between us, let us draw a veil
over it and bury the dead past with its unhappy
incidents and remembrances. I implore you
to join hands with me in a common effort to
restore happiness and prosperity to the whole
country. *'
If the sentiments expressed shall meet with
a sympathetic response on your part, let it be
manifested by your acts. Let me say to my
constituents that the Flirty-Second Congress
are disposed to deal put even-handed justice
to all. Let your appropriations be such as
will liberally accomplish the object in view.
Let a building of suitable proportions go tip
in full view of the mighty Mississippi, to glad-
den the?1sight of all wayfarers by laud or water.
Let from its loftiest pinnacle the stars and
stripes float, to remind you, and each of you,
and all, that we are still within the protecting
segis of the Constitution, and still a united
people.
ReTenue Reform.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN T. BIRD,
OF NEW JERSEY,
In the House of Representatives,
May 4, 1872.
The House having met for debate as in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union-
Mr. BIRD said:
Mr. Speaker: I desire to embrace this
occasion to say a few words in behaif of what
I regard as genuine revenue reform. The
struggle has been Jong, tedious, complicated,
and sometimes difficult, but never to my mind
uncertain. To-day I feel that I can congratu-
late myself and the country upon the coming
dawn. A more equable system of imposing
duties must ensue.
As 1 have listened to the debates in this
House for several days my mind has wandered
from point to point, and occasionally when I
have heard the arrogant demands of protec-
tionists, the inquiry has presented itself to
me, whether or not it is at all profitable for
a people situated as we are to hold any inter-
course whatsoever with the outside world ? I
have indeed wondered, while listening to the
elaborate arguments presented on the other
side, whether it was not good for the pro-
tectionists in our land—the ironmongers, the
cotton and woolen manufacturers—that the
rebel cruiser the Alabama did evince so much
power upon the seas and sweep our commerce
so thoroughly from the ocean. I cannot con-
ceive what prayer for protection could be more
sincerely uttered than one involving this idea ;
for the insistraent of high-tariff men is that we
