3976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
Louisiana the same as in other .States. A law
of this kind is necessary because the State
cannot change its law in time for the next
presidential election.
The bill was read. It provides that in the
State of Louisiana the election of Representa-
tives to the Forty-Third Congress, and the
appointment of electors of President and Vice
President for said State, shall be on the first
Monday of November in the year 1872, but
thereafter such elections and appointment
shall be on the day designated by law for the
other States.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I wish to
ask the gentleman whether under existing law
the election for State officers in Louisiana is
held on the same day as the election for Con-
gressmen?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It will
be under this bill.
Mr. SPBER, of Pennsylvania. Is it now?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is held
next day afterward.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Then the
effect of this bill will be 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. To bring
the election of presidential electors, Represent-
atives, and State officers upon the same day.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Then the
effect of the bill will be to allow United States
soldiers to be brought out at the election of
State officers in Louisiana.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir;
I do not knoft that there is any law in the
world that will allow that.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Well, it
allows them to be brought out at the con-
gressional election ; and if that is held on the
same day as the State election, the effect will
be substantially what I have stated.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If there
is a riot anywhere the military will be brought
out, I trust.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I trust the
House will not pass this bill.
The question being taken on the motion
to suspend the rules and pass the bill, there
were—ayes 89, noes 37.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended, and the bill was
passed.
officers in quartermaster's department.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I move to suspend
the rules for the purpose of enabling me to
report from the Committee on Military Affairs,
and have passed, with a substitute recom-
mended by that committee, the bill (S. No.
757) to authorize the appointment of certain
officers in the quartermaster's department.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Presi-
dent to nominate, and, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, to appoint certain
officers of the quartermaster's department and
the Inspector General's department to the posi-
tions they would have held in said departments
had the law of promotion by seniority been
carried out under the act of July 28, 18G6, to
March 3, 1869 ; but no officer is to be deprived
of his position or reduced from his present
grade by this act; nor is any pay or allowance
to be made to any officer under this act except
from the date of confirmation.
The substitute recommended by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was read. It pro-
poses to authorize the President to nominate,
and, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to appoint certain officers of the quar-
termaster's department to the grade they would
have held in said department respectively had
the vacancies created therein by the act of July
28, 18GG, from the rank of major to that of
colonel, both inclusive, been filled by promo-
tion by seniority. But no officer is to be de-
prived of relative rank or reduced from his
present grad« by this act; and the officers
whose appointments are herein authorized are
to take rank and to receive pay from the date
of their confirmation.
The motion to suspend the rules and pass
the bill was agreed to, two thirds voting in
favor thereof.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of ita clerks, announced that the
Senate had agreed to the resolution of the
House for the printing of extra copies of the
report of the Smithsonian Institution.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, House
bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 2708) relative to the cen-
tennial international exhibition to be held in
the city of Philadelphia, in the State of Penn-
sylvania, in the year 1876 ; and
An act (H. R. No. 2192) to establish a west-
ern judicial district of North Carolina.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses upon the bill (H. R. No.
1541) making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending June 30, 1872,
and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the Senate
had insisted on its eighth amendment to the
bill last named, on which the committee of
conference was unable to agree, asked a fur-
ther conference with the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses, and had
appointed, as conferees on the part of the
Senate, Mr, West, Mr. Morrill of Maine,
and Mr. Blair.
The message farther announced that the Sen-
ate had agreed to the report of the committee
of conference on the bill (H. R. No. 1343)
supplemental to an act entitled " An act for
the apportionment of Representatives in Con-
gress among the several States according to
the ninth census."
public buildings, port huron, michigan.
Mr. HALSEY. Mr. Speaker, I am directed
by the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds to report a bill (H. R. No. 2942) for
the construction of a custom-house, bonded
warehouse, and post office at Port Huron,
Michigan, and to put it upon its passage. I
now move to suspend the rules and pass the
biH.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pur-
chase at private sale or by condemnation, in
pursuance of the statute of the State of Michi-
gan, a suitable lot of ground iu the city of
Port Huron, Michigan, and to cause to be
erected thereon a building suitable for the ac-
commodation of a custom-house, bonded ware-
house, and other Government offices in that
city; and the lot of land and bnilding thereon
when completed shall not exceed in cost
$200,000; provided no morfey to be appro-
priated for this purpose shall be available
until a valid title to the land shall be vested
in the United States, and until the State of
Michigan shall cede its jurisdiction over the
same and relinquish the right to tax or assess
the same while the United States shall be the
possessor thereof.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is there an
appropriation in that bill ?
Mr. HALSEY. No, sir, there is not.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman make
the point of order? The Chair is assured by
the chairman of the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds there is no appropria-
tion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not make
the point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. We did not hear the first
reading of the bill, and I hope it will be again
read.
The bill was again read.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
87, noes 36.
Mr. CLARKE. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended, and the bill
public building, nashville, tennessee.
Mr. TYNER. I have been instruced by the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
to a report a bill (H. R. No. 2943) to provide
for the erection of a public building at Nash-
ville, Tennessee, and I now move the rules be
suspended and the bill passed.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to cause
to be erected on the ground now owned by the
United States in that city a suitable building
at Nashville, Tennessee, for the use and ac-
commodation of the courts of the United
States, the post office, custom-house, and other
offices of the Government at a cost not ex-
ceeding the sum of $150,000.
The rules were suspended, and the bill was
decoration day.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a privileged
question. As to-morrow will be decoration day,
1 move that when the House adjourns to-day
it be to meet on Friday next.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let, me suggest
to my colleague that we expect the tariff bill
will come over from the Senate, and when it
comes some disposition should be made of it
in order that we may get along with the re-
maining business of the session. We should
be long enough in session to refer that bill to
a committee of conference when it is returned
from the Senate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not propose to
adjourn now.
Mr. GARETELD, of Ohio. We might meet
in the morning for twenty minutes, and if the
tariff bill comes over m the meantime we
could then refer it to a committee of confer-
ence and adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. We could have an
evening session this evening if necessary.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask my col-
league not to press his motion just now. We
all want to adjourn to attend the ceremonies
of decoration day; but we do not wish to ad-
journ to the exclusion of a little formal busi-
ness in reference to the tariff bill, which may
be disposed of in twenty minutes.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My colleague suggests
that we meet in the morning. •
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means is now
here, and I yield the floor to him.
Mr. DAVVES. If we meet here about
twelve o'clock to-morrow, after disposing of
the necessary business we may take a recess
or adjourn until next day, as our business
will justify. Nobody wants to hold a session
during the ceremonies of decoration day. All
I desire is if the tariff bill comes from the
Senate we may be here long enough to refer
it to a committee of conference.
Mr. CAMPBELL. With the understanding
that no other business will be done to-morrow
except referring the tariff bill to a committee
of conference I will not press my motion.
Mr. GARETELD, of Ohio. It is possible
that the appropriation bill may come _ over,
and it may be necessary to take the same
action with regard to it.
Mr. DAWES. I think that at twelve o'clock
or at half past twelve to-morrow we will be
able to take a recess or to adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Let it be the under-
standing that there will be no business except
the reference of the tariff bill and the pending
business of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I wish to know from the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
who is one of the chairmen of the Committee
of Ways and Means, whether all the chairmen
of the Committee of Ways and Means will
agree to bis proposition, because if not ho
