1872.]'
APPENDIX TO THE COFGffiESSIONiL GLOSS.
S41
42d Gong....2d Sess.
Revenue Reform—Mr. Bird.
Ho. of B&psI
owe all our material progress to the law's re-
straining the importation of foreign goods. To
state the proposition thus broadly may seem
absurd indeed; but the thought never would
occur to any individual did he not so continu-
ously hear the extravagant claims of protec-
tionists.
In the very outset let me remark that rev-
enue reformers value, in every possible appre-
ciable light, the manufacturing industries of
the country. We regard them from a public
or general, rather than from a private or spe-
cial stand-point. The people at large are in
our minds more than the individual. We take
pride in acknowledging the many advantages
to our material welfare from the furnace and
forge, loom and spindle, kiln and pottery ; but
we are obliged, as legislators, to remember
that but comparatively few of our people are
engaged in them. Speaking for myself, I only
desire to be just. I am not willing to yield to
any prejudice, local or otherwise. I am not
for one interest or pursuit, but for all.
I desire also to say that I speak to-day with
the knowledge that immense sums of money
have been gathered and concentrated in cer-
tain employments; and that the capital thus
invested is liable to be affected by the legisla-
tion proposed in this bill, which is equally
true of all legislation at any time or place
respecting any pursuit that inay engage the
attention of men, whether such legislation
looked to originating, fostering, or protecting
such pursuit or not. Nor can I ignore the
fact that none knew better than these capital-
ists, who thus invested capital and perhaps
misled labor, that if they dopeuded upon
legislation for success it was their duty to
count in the beginning, upon the conflict which
they would encounter with other capital and
other pursuits which could not be protected
by law, but which might claim their rights as
sacred and solemn as any other. Thus, I
trust with, a sense of the highest responsibility
and a proper realization of the situation of our
country and the business interests involved,
•I continue the discussion.
PROTECTION IS SELFISH.
Why, sir, if it were not for the progress of
civilization—if it were not for that liberal
Christian idea which pervades the people of
this country, so thoroughly impelling them
onward by a generosity and a liberality that
knows no bounds—we would at once find
ourselves inclosed with a Chinese wall ; we
would find legal barriers shutting out all the
other nations of the earth as sternly as did
the Japanese in former days. Who can doubt
but this is the logical conclusion, especially
after the presentation of their case by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley ?]
MUST HAVE REVENUE.
But it is perfectly manifest, Mr. Speaker,
that we must have revenue; to have revenue
from customs we must have commerce with
foreign nations ; and thus we supply the Gov-
ernment with the means wherewith it can pay
the public debt and defray its ordinary expenses.
In doing this our protectionist friends boldly
step forward and insist that they shall receive
not an incidental or secondary benefit, but the
first and greatest benefit therefrom, which
benefit accrues to them by increasing the price
of the article imported, and of course the
article manufactured here, also, to the full
extent of the duty or tariff imposed. Revenue
reformers meet the question squarely, and
insist that the first and principal object of
legislation should be the raising of revenue-.
To this extent action will be regarded as legit-
imate, commendable, and equitable, leaving
no room for complaint, because of unjust indi-
vidual or local discriminations, by giving to
one class or section that opportunity for pro-
motion or emolument which you cannot give
to another, and which that other cannot, ex-
cept by some remote contingency or possibil-
ity, ever receive any advantage from; as when,
by protection, you enrich a few individuals
engaged in making pig iron in Pennsylvania
or any other circumscribed locality, you, be-
yond all controversy, deprive the people of
the West from the benefits of free markets,
from the advantages of world-wide competi-
tion, and clearly by law compel the laboring
and industrious classes in all other sections to
pay tribute to the Pennsylvania pig-iron man.
On which side is equity and justice? Rich
monopolists will answer one way, but a heavily
taxed people answer another way.
TARIFF FOR REVENUE DEMANDED.
Revenue reformers contend that by imposing
duties for the purpose of raising the necessary
funds for the support of Government, and for
no other purpose, the burdens of taxation will
fall more equally upon all, and the least pos-
sible injustice will be done to any individual,
class, or section. This policy, according to
all sound rules, of political economy, has done
and will do infinitely more for the country
than any other, find secure, for us permanence
both of greatness and prosperity as a nation.
Revenue reformers place the Governjneut first.;
protectionists place individuals, monopolists,
classes, or sections, first,. Hence, every con-
siderate person will readily observe that a
conflict of opinion exists, and the unbiased
will logically decide the question in favor of a
revenue tariff, especially when protection con-
fessedly costs the people so much in enhanced
piices and yields to the Treasury so little.
The argument of revenue reformers is, that
since the legitimate object of the law imposing
tariff duties is revenue, that object will be most
certainly attained with the least mischief or
apprehension by free and unfettered commerce
or intercourse with other nations, which will,
according to all experience, so stimulate our
ever active, vigilant, and thrifty people as to
place their healthy advancement and final
prosperity in every branch of industry beyond
doubt. The growth of our country when this
policy prevailed is enough to satisfy the doubt-
ing if he be unprejudiced or disinterested.
Protectionists, on the other hand, insist that
by means of a tariff so high as to prevent to
a large extent foreign competition with our
manufacturers of iron, woolens, or cottons, you
secure diversity of and prosperity to American
industry.
I trust I have stated the questions involved
fairly and fully.
PROTECTION HINDERS COMMERCE.
In regarding the liberal view of the argu-
ment let us for a moment consider the bene-
fits to us from a free and untrammeled com-
merce. While the protectionists urge before
the people of this country that by means of
protection industry is developed to a greater
extent than it would otherwise be in 'certain
localities, I ask you, upon the other hand, to
regard the influence of a free and unob-
structed commerce upon industry throughout
the length and breadth of the land. Cast your
eye in whatsoever direction you may follow-
ing the track of our commerce, and its influ-
ence upon the prosperity of our people, to say
nothing of the opportunity it affords for collect-
ing the revenue, is everywhere visible.
Whence come our great sea-board towns—
New York, Philadelphia, Boston, Baltimore,
Charleston, New Orleans? In what had they
their origin but in this free and untrammeled
intercourse with the other nations of the globe?
I call the attention of gentlemen to this im-
portant fact, that these great, thriving, pros-
perous cities riot only owe their origin, but
their impetus, their progress, their wealth,
their continuance in power and splendor, to |j
this free and untrammeled commerce insisted II
upon by the revenue reformers of this House
and the country.
Hen be, I congratulate this House, I congrat-
ulate tlie country, th'atthetendencyatthis'time
to revenue'reform is palpable, persistent, tri-
umphant; and that, soonov or later, we shall
be enabled to rejoice in that peace and pros-
perity which steadiness of purpose and cer-
tainty of administration fissured "to a people
so great, so undivided, and'so capable of
commanding to the best ends all the material
wealth of a mighty con'tirte tit, as ate the people
of this country.
It matters not to me, sir, from whence
comes this bill reported by the majority of the
committee. I ask not its paternity. Whether
the free-trade Democrats, whether the reve-
nue Republicans, or whether the gentleman
from Massachusetts himself, [Mr. Dawes,] the
chairman of the committee, propounded its
chief principles and are' prepared to unite
heartily in advocating or not, we have by the
assistance of growing public opinion extorted
it from that committee. Although it is not
all that is demanded, it is to some extent arec-
ognition of the righteousness of the demand.
The generous sentiments of the people of this
country have compelled it. The voice of
revenue reform which sent nearlv one hun-
dred Democrats here, which sent a number
of Republicans here has been so potent, so
majestic, and so grand as to evoke this rec-
ognition, and I trust will compel the adoption
of the principle of revenue reform iu the
main, whether altogether or not. Let pro'
tectionists take warning. As dur public aebt
becomes less, their cries for protection wil
fall unheeded on the masses of our people,
who will never bo content until they can pro*
cure the cheapest clothing and the cheapest
tools that the market of the world can fur-
nish. Those who observe this fact will be
wise in'time. If these remarks are received
in the same sincerity in which they are uttered,
I am-quite sure I will h«ve done something
toward averting those disasters which, always
follow the continued violations of the ordinary
laws of trade and commerce.
Yes, whatever may be the determination of
pretended lovers of civil service reform, what-
ever may be the combinations of those who
would, by dissembling, and the evasion of
great issues, seek to procure power in this
country for the purpose of administering their
own particular theories of government, this
one idea now predominates, that a tariff for
protection alone, a tariff which shall advance
one particular interest, notwithstanding others
may be in conflict therewith, at farthest will
not long be tolerated. I say this sentiment
now is obtaining and has obtained sueh a foot-
hold as that no political combination, what-
ever other noble views may animate men, caa
dethrone, suppress, or supersede it.
MONOPOLIES DREADED.
I congratulate the people of this country
again, because this bill in the main evinces an
hostility to that growing spirit of monopoly
which, in my humble judgment, was and stilt'
is rapidly sowing the seeds of disc6rd and'
destruction throughout all the best social and
political interests of the people.- If there be
any one word that expresses all that is hurtful,
all that is to be condemned, all that deserves
the reprobation of mankind, it is this word
"monopoly." If there- is anything that
signifies a concentration- of political power
of a detestable and domineering character;
a concentration of material wealth hostile
to liberty; a concentration of the pecuniary
resources of a great Government in the hands
of a'*ffiw, to the detriment, and destruction
of the social, civil and religious interests
of the many, it is this word,- "monopoly."
When exalted and secured by laws, it preads
itself like a green bay tree, and demoraiiza-
