1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2185
office at Sioux City, Iowa, to enter, under the pro-
visions of the homestead laws, the following lands
designated herein^ by the number of entry, date,
and name of applicant, with description of lands,
namely:
[Then follows a description of th& lands,
with the name of each party entering.]
Be, and the same are hereby, declared valid and
of as full force as if said applications had been made
subsequent to July 6, A. D. 1870, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the homesteads laws :
Provided* That this act shall not prejudice any
adverse claim to any of said lands existing at the
times said homestead applications were made: And
provided further, That no question arising outof any
change or proposed changeof thelineof any railroad
company or the limits of its land grant, shall be con-
strued as affected by the passage of this act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. CARPENTER. 1 should like to in-
quire of the chairman of the Committee ou
Public Lands whether that section does not go
a great way beyond what he says he wants to
accomplish? 1 understand that this makes the
entries valid, whether they conformed to tho
law in any other respect or not.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no law for them
to conform to except the homestead law. This
requires them to conform to that law.
Mr. CARPENTER.. I understand that it
says the entries shall be valid as though they
had been in accordance with the act; in other
words, whether they complied with, the act or
not.
Mr. POMEROY. They complied with the
act, but their entry was not according to law.
Their entry was about thirty days too soon.
Mr. CARPENTER. Let it be reported.
The Chief Clerk read the last clause of the
bilJ.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
PORTLAND, DALLES, ETC., RAILROAD.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 2124) granting the rightof way through
the public lands for 1 the construction of a
railroad from Great Salt Lake to Portland,
Oregon, have instructed me to report it back
without amendment. This is a bill which was
referred to the committee yesterday on the vote
of the Senate. They now report it back and
recommend its passage.
Mr. CORBETT. I ask for the present con-
sideration of that bill, from the fact that there
is a-bridge to be built in connection with the
road across the Willamette river, which the
city of Portland has control of, and it has ex-
tended the right to this corporation to build
this bridge for thirty days longer and file their
plans, and it is necessary that the bill should
be put on its passage at this time.
Mr. STEWART. 1 wish to state my objec-
tions. I do not think I ever have in the Sen-
ate objected to granting unanimous consent
for the consideration of a bill, but I find that
that rule will not work, because anything I
attempt to get up is objected to. I have tried
for a week or ten days to get a vote on the coal-
land bill. Now, I give notice that until that rule
works a little more uniformly I shall object to
everything until I can get a chance to make a
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
must remain in his seat to object, as the Chair
cannot consider an objection continuing if he
leaves the Senate Chamber.
Mr. STEWART. I shall rise to object.
Mr, CORBETT. Do I understand that the
Senator from Nevada objects to the consider-
ation of this bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
he did decidedly.
Mr. CORBETT. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be
doneduringthe morning business. The morn-
ing business is still pending.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope the objection will
be withdrawn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are in order.
Mr. STEWART. Well, I cannotaffol'd to do
a mean thing. I ask to have the bill read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read for information, after which it will be
subject to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill (H. R. No.
2124) and it was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. STEWART. I do not want to obstruct
the passage of this bill; but it seems to me
that the terminus is pretty wide ; a pretty wide
range is allowed. From Green river to the
Central Pacific, I understand, is two hundred
miles, and they may strike the Central Pacific
at any point they please, so that the route is
entirely indefinite. It is true the bill makes
no land grant, but it limits no time within
which the road shall be commenced.
Mr. POMEROY. Oh yes, within two years.
Mr. STEWART. This is a roving commis-
sion to the corporation. Several bills are
before the Pacific Railroad Committee, grant-
ing the right of way to build railroads. We
are in favor of granting the right of way to
anybody that will build a road; but in those
bills we require them to build from twenty to
twenty-five miles a year. Perhaps that is a
larger amount than ought to be required here;
but there should be sufficient to show that they
are in earnest about it. Then we have re-
quired them to locate their route within some
reasonable time. Iu those cases we were par-
ticular to have some guards about it.
Now, there is starting off from tho railroad
some two or three othor proposed railroads
running north within this swinging end. It
seems to me that would be very loose legisla-
tion. It will be a franchise that can be put
down on anybody that attempts to build a
road for two hundred miles north in any
direction. It seems to me it might be amended
so as to confine it nearer and require the road
to be located and require something to be
done so that it shall not be regarded as a mere
franchise to be handled.
Mr. CORBETT. They wish to strike the
nearest point ou the railroad, and they desire
to commence the construction of the bridge
across the Willamette as soon as possible,
and therefore it is important that the bill
should pass at this time. I hope the Senator
will not object.
Mr. STEWART. We have a bill before
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad for a
road running up Bear valley, that is included
in this swinging franchise. There have been
other railroad bills introduced for roads run-
ning north which would be included within
this limit. It seems to me that there is no
pressing necessity to pass a bill where you
cannot determine the terminus within two
hundred miles. It seems to me some point
more definite than two hundred miles might
have been designated by this length of time.
The bill has been pending so long that they
ought to guess nearer than two hundred miles
where the road shall come out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator move any amendment?
Mr. STEWART. No ; I merely make this
suggestion. I do not propose to offer further
opposition to the bill. I think the bill is too
vague, and I think the Senators themselves
ought to amend it.
Sir. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Sena-
tor from Oregon, I am sure, would not like to
press the bill without having it as perfect as
it can be. In the first place, the intimation
of the Senator from Nevada is entirely cor-
rect; there ought to be some limitation of time
when this bill is to operate. If the parlies do
not undertake to build the road withiu the
specified time it ought to be fixed so that others
can.
i!
Mr. POMEROY. They have to definitely
locate their road within three years. It is a
mountainous country, and it will take two
years to survey and designate that length bf
road.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There should
be some time fixed within which to complete it.
Mr. POMEROY. They have got to com-
plete it within ten years and locate it definitely
within three years.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The amount
of forty acres wherever they choose for a
water-station or a depot, passenger or freight,
might involve a very considerable sum of laud,
although it is not ostensibly a land-grant rail-
road.
Mr. POMEROY. They are limited to one
in ten miles. They cannot oftener than once
in ten miles, under the bill, make a station
and have forty acres of land. Has the Sena-
tor any objection to that,?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
IMPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, from the
Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of Samuel A. Wilkins,'of the
District of Columbia, praying for compensa-
tion for damages sustained by him by the
taking and consumption of his crops by the
United States troops in the month of July,
1864, reported adversely thereon; and the
committee was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Robert Lowry,
praying for compensation for a house, furni-
ture, &c., burned under orders of Major Gen-
eral Thomas, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 929) for the relief of Robert
Lowry, of Nashville, Tennessee.
The bill was read, and passed to the second
reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 523) supplemental to an act entitled
"An act making a grant of lands in alternate
sections to aid in the construction and exten-
sion of the Iron Mountain railroad, from Pilot
Knob, in the State of Missouri, to Helena, in
Arkansas," approved July 4, 1866, reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 578) to extend the time for the
construction of the military road from Fort
Wilkins, at Copper Harbor, in the State of
Michigan, to Fort Howard, at Green Bay, in
the State of Wisconsin, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands;
which was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 854) relating to the reform
school of the District of Columbia, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 1205) granting an increase of
pension to James H. Hogan, of Batavia, in the
State ofNew York, reported adversely thereon,
and moved its indefinite postponement; which
was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. The same
committee, to whom was referred the bill (IT.
R. No. 1208) granting a pension to Delilah
Robertson, instruct me to report that we find
upon examination that this woman's husband
was not in the service of the United States al
all, but was in a regiment of Missouri State
militia. We therefore report adversely.
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. The same
