342
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 4,
Ho. oi' Kbps.
The Tariff—3Ir. Bird.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
tion follows whatever it touches. If tbere is
a word that concentrates all that is iniqui-
tous iu government, all that has tended to
disparage the advancing interests of the poor,
and to estrange the poor from the best and
noblest interests of society and the church;
that word is "monopoly." I speak only of those
combinations of men and money which are
created by law, or formed by voluntary efforj.,
and afterward, by their unhallowed influences,
direct legislation.
The revenue reformers of this country con-
tend that legislation for protection is a myth ;
that it is sure to mislead, pervert or overdo;
that its colorings, though gaudy, are not real;
that when we are sought to be instructed by
the favorers of these schemes, that by protect-
ing individual interests we advance American
industry as a whole, they mystify every great
and generous principle which, according to
political economists and statesmen, promotes
the real and genuine welfare of men. They
say that, by the erection of mills and foun-
deries and furnaces, you not only give employ-
me: t to an increased number of individuals,
but supply a market for the productions of
hundreds and thousands of others, who would
be without employment, and whose productions
would otherwise find no market. The answer
is that the game capital which they employ, if
employed in any oiher direction, would con-
trol the same amount of labor, and necesia-
rily require the same amount of the products
of the farmer and other producers for con-
sumption.
Look at any locality where these furnaces
and rolling-mills are in operation. It may be
that the number of individuals employed at
any particular point is increased. But, ad-
mining that the population has increased,
admitting that there is in that locality an
increase of activity and energy, yet I main-
tain that as compared with the great produc-
ing interests of this country, such as agricult-
ural that needs no protection, as compared
with every other interest in the land which
obtain large supplies from foreign markets,
the numbers so employed are comparatively
few. Who has not observed with pride and
satisfaction in his own district smelting fur-
naces or manufactories growing up and thriv-
ing? Who has not compared the progress
that has been made in any such locality in
this regard, with the advancing interests of
commerce, of agriculture, and of trade, inde-
pendent. of these interests ?
itevenue reformers do not despise or under-
value these great interests. We cannot be
induced to say aught that will detract- from
their jmportance, when they originate from or
through the ordinary laws of trade and industry,
and do not spring from a legislative hot bed
with a giant's proportions but only an infant's
strength. When their development arises from
a legitimate source we know that they then
tend to increase and diversify the industries
of the country, to add to our wealth, and
to secure our greatness by establishing the
means of complete independence. We only
deny to them that supremacy which is
claiintd for them. We only insist that they
are subordinate. We aver that when any
interest, in a land like ours, where all are free,
is constantly crying aloud for help and making
the most extortionate demands from other
interests many fold greater, that then it has no
right to exhibit such a spirit of domination
as we have often witnessed. So far as those
branches of business, which for years have
received forced protection, are now reasona-
ble self-sustaining and independent, consider-
ing the advantages they would derive from a
fair revenue tariff, they certainly deserve to be
classed among the institutions that give wealth
to the country, by profitably emplojiug its
industry and establishing permanent channels
of trade. But when certain of these manu-
facturers assert so broadly their value or im-
portance to the industrial and laboring inter-
est, we deny it, and charge that it is utterly
impossible that it should be so to the extent
they claim, or ever will be, so long as they ceroe
to Congress asking for aid, and thus acknowl-
edge their dependence.
What is most unfortunate about it is that
many men, filled with the wild spirit of specu-
lation which so greatly demoralized and nearly
ruined us, supposing that high tariffs would
enable us to amass wealth, have too exten-
sively and suddenly engaged in the protected
pursuits. Herein was and continues to be the
error. Although the demaud may have been
and still may be great, yet too much capital
and labor were diverted from other reason-
ably prosperous pursuits. Hence 1 maintain
that to the extent of the excess nothing is
really added to the wealth of the country,
and that no laborers are employed more
advantageously than they otherwise would
be. Therefore my belief is. and I hazard the
assertion, that if one fourth of the increase
of these interests which have recently been
so rapidly augmented, and at eo high a key,
were to-day to be swept away, the evidences
of prosperity would in no wise be removed or
retarded. The spirit of commerce, of reform,
of advancing prosperity, the boundless fields
for enterprise or adventure iu our land would
compel the people to move onward to other
employments. The capital and labor thus
released would rapidly be swallowed up in
other pursuits more profitable. In other
words, some men have overdone it. In case
of change a diversion of labor would soon be
made, and the result would be continued and
growing advancement in all industrial pur-
suits. It i3 a great mistake, as well as a mis-
fortune, to suppose that our happiness or
greatness depends in an extraordinary degree
upon any three or four of the manufacturing
industries.
Again, the revenue reformers insist that no
one particular interest has any right to claim
protection at the hands of the Government,
and herein lies the absurdity of the demands
of the high tariff men. When they ask at
the hands of any people laws protecting them,
when they admit that by the enactment of any
particular law favoring them the price of the
article which they propose to protect is thereby
enhanced to the consumer, the injustice of
such a claim is manifest, the hardihood in
pressing it unexampled ; and to expect any
people long to yield to this demand when to
them it is so expensive and burdensome it
seems to me is perfectly preposterous and
absurd.
The revenue reformers insist again that
the spirit of equality, the principles of justice
and equily, ail require that existing tariff
laws, because of their unequal and oppressive
character, should be rapidly so modified as to
remove this false and injurious tendency to
protection, and at length, by wisdom and dis-
cretion, to completely annul and abrogate the
enactments which now favor the few to the
detriment manifestly of the many—I say by
wisdom and discretion; for annul them the
people will. The people will submit to be-
ginners in new and untried industries, but to
continue in the maimer now provided by law
in some cases, ranging from thirty-five to over
one hundred per cent., never, never. Let the
wise hear and understand.
LABOR AND CAPITAL.
Again, the revenue reformers of this coun-
try insist that there is but one principle upon
which we can act in order to remove the con-
flict that now exists between labor and capi-
tal—a conflict between honest toil and hard-
hearted monopoly. Every member of this
House well remembers that in the early part
of the session a bill was introduced and
adopted authorizing the President to appoint
three commissioners to make inquiries as to
the relations which exist in this country be-
tween labor and capital. Now, I ask gentle-
men from wheuce the necessity for this arose,
but from the attempt of the Government to
legislate in favor of certain individual interests
in this country, giving extraordinary favors
and privileges to wealth, allowing it to con-
centrate its power, and then to dictate terms
to labor. I maintain that labor is able to take
care of i'self in a free, civilized land like ours.
I maintain that its interests cannot be pro-
moted by the decrees of such a tribunal as
this. I maintain that to-day, as ever in the
history of this country, labor will fell the forest,
open the mine, light up the furnace, smelt
the ore, and manufacture the implements of
industry, if you do not clog and hamper and
enchain it by your laws. Labor antagonized
by capital? No, never 1 Labor in conflict
with capital? No, never! when you do not
by your artifice in the way of legislation con-
vert capital into monopoly, giving men, under
the forms of law, the chance to tyrannize
and oppress. You say that the country is
free, and the way is open for all to engage in
the various pursuits protected and bolstered
up by statutes. Vtry true; but this comes
with a bad grace after the monopolies have
Beized every opening, and with their iron grasp
have grappled the throat of labor, demanding
submission or death.
But labor to-day is in conflict with tyranny,
in conflict with monopolists, iu conflict with
all the demons whose sinister operations and
false pretenses are in reality undermining and
destroying the foundations of our happiness ;
and, thank God, it ever will be. AndT why I
congratulate myself and this House and the
country is that labor to-day is being heard. It
is that it has spoken through this committee.
It comes upintonesof thunder from the "West;
it comes as a mighty torrent from the East,
and by and by it will overthrow the monop-
olists and solve this great question by itself,'
which will only be the more confused the more
you attempt to legislate respecting it. You
urge, I know, that you have not legislated
against labor; but I claim that by your unwise
and excessive legislation you made it possible
for others to take the advantage of labor, and
they have not been slow in doing it in many
multiplied forms.
Labor ask protection 1 Who ever heard of
it? Labor ask for the solution of these diffi-
culties ! When? No, sir ; no. Monopoly lias
become alarmed, monopoly, not money, not
capital. Capital and labor go hand in hand.
They exchauge their products with the utmost
freedom and equity and justice. They ask
nothing at the hands of legislation except
protection from robbery and jobbery. Labor
is ever ready and willing to provide for its own
wants and its own necessities. It was unjust
legislation and monopoly thatthrew labor across
the Atlantic. It is labor that has built our rail-
roads, felled our forests, opened our canals,
and reared our cities. Talk about prospeiity,
national wealth, grandeur, sublimity of pro-
gress; they are all due to labor, working as the
handmaid of capital, not monopoly. The very
arms that constructed these mighty columns,
that reared this vast Dome, that built the
Pacific railway, gave us a San Francisco, and
has encircled the globe with wire and rail.
And yet they solemnly ask the people of this
country to inquire, why this conflict between
labor and capital ? Lahoronly asks for liberty.
Labor only asks for protection from the opera-
tion of unequal and unjust laws. Labor only
asks not to be restrained in its efforts to secure
its own peace and comfort. Labor says
the legislator, in making laws do not place the
power in the hands of monopolists to harass,
