1290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
with, a salary higher than that of the President
of the United States, to serve the country in
the Executive" chair at the request of the
Republican party. If anybody in the ord-
nance department, or in any other place
under the Government has been unfaithful,
let the facts be investigated, and if any man
be found guilty, let him be punished. I desire
as full an investigation as can be made. I
am sure the result will be to vindicate General
Grant.
The allegation seems to be that there are
some abuses not only in the Departments here,
but in the custom-houses at New York and in
.other great cities. This is not a new thing.
Every wise and honest administrator of the
Government, from Washington down, has
always found more or less corruption; it
soems to be an incident of human nature ; but
when Presidents have found guilty men in
office they turned them out; and so will Gen-
eral Grant do. One of the things that I most
disapprove of is that men pretending to be
friends of the Administration should be the
firstto charge it with corruption without invest-
igation.
Now, Mr. President, I say let the Senator
from Massachusetts have this committee just
as he pleases to have it; let him be chairman
of it, and if he desires, I will vote to giveiiim
all his own friends on the committee. He
may fill it, if he pleases, with enemies of Gen-
eral Grant entirely. I will agree to put on
the committee any one that he may name, be-
cause I have great confidence in the magnan-
imity, as I have in the justice and intelligence
of the Senator from Massachusetts. I would
agree to let the Senator from Massachusetts
select his own committee.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER.^ The ques-
tion is on the resolution, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll,
and Mr. Ames answered to his name.
Mr. HILL. Before the vote is taken, I am
struck with the remarks of the Senator from
Pennsylvania 
Mr. POMEROY and Mr. HAMLIN. I
object to debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
la made; and the Senator from Georgia can-
not proceed, as the call of the roll has com-
menced and a response has been made.
Mr. HILL. I rose only to make a single
remark. I have not ventured to make one
during the discussion ; but I will not insist
upon it under the circumstances.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The call will
proceed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 52, nays 5 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Blair, Boreman,
Brownlow, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Casscrly,
Chandler, Clayton. Gonkling, Corbett, Cragin, .Davis
of West Virginia, lorry of Connecticut, Ferry of
Michignn, Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Johnston,
Kellogg, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy. Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Rob-
ertson, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sherman,
Spencer, Sprague, Stevonson, Stockton. Sumner,
Thurmiin, Tipton, Trumbull, Viekers, and Win-
dora—52.
NAYS—Messrs. Cole, Edmunds, Gilbert, Lewis,
&>
iBsiiNT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Buckingham,
oper, Davis of Kentucky, J?enton, Frelinghuysen,
Hamilton of Maryland, Howe, Morrill of Maine,
Norwood, Patterson, Pool, Stewart, West, and Wil-
u>n—16.
So the resolution was agreed to,
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the preamble.
Mr. HAMLIN. I supposed, Mr. President,
that was tho question before the Senate. I
presuroo every Senator in the long discussion
we have had bag been reminded of his early
lessons in schoolboy days, when he was stum-
bling along in tho first book of the ^Bneid, the
first seutenco of which reads, "Arms and the
mau I sing," We have sung "arms and the
resolu-
man" in a long debate. While we have had
no "hate of Juno" with which to persecute
ns, as had the hero of the iEneid, we have had
the hate of Senators, which may more than
equal the hate of Juno upon that occasion. I
believe this debate, if any pretext were given
for continuing it, would be procrastinated to
an extent equaled only by the siege of Troy.
[Laughter.] But I believe now, sir, if I un-
derstand the aspect of the question as it is
presented to as in the Senate, we have it
within our power now to settle the matter
definitively.
The resolution has been adopted, and I ask
the attention of the Chair (because I desire to
know that I am right in relation to it) to the
motion which I propose to make. I under-
stand that a division of this question has been
asked under that rule of parliamentary law
which allows any question to be divided into
as many distinct propositions as there are
propositions standing each separately and dis-
tinctly by itself, and under that rule of law
we have acted upon the resolution, and the
preamble that has stalked through these Halls
like a wandering knight, or, perhaps, like a
forlorn orphan seeking some maternal bosom
upon which to repose and from which to draw
its sustenance, [laughter,] is separated from
the resolution, and it is now within the prov-
ince of any Senator to move to lay that pre-
amble on the table.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. What would be the effect
of a vote to lay the preamble on the table ?
Mr. HAMLIN. It would leave the res
tion passed.
Mr. THURMAN. That is the question.
There is a very great difference of opinion
about it. Let us understand that before we
vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It would hang up the
resolution.
Mr. HAMLIN. We shall get the opinion
of t.he Chair. I understand the resolution to
have passed, and upon that rule of parliament-
ary law which I have laid down, by asking for
distinct votes upon distinct propositions, we
may lay any one of these distinct propositions
on the table, leaving the resolution adopted.
Mr. THURMAN. My friend will allow me
to say that I concur with him entirely in his
view that we might lay the preamble on the
table and let the resolution stand, because it
is already adopted, and there-is nothing, there-
fore, to lay on the table so far as the resolu-
tion is concerned ; but there are other Senators
who think differently, who think that the pre-
amble is a part of the resolution, and that if
we lay a part of the resolution on the table
the whole resolution falls.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Chair lias already
decided that the preamble is a part of the res-
olution. That decision received the unani-
mous assent of the Senate; everybody agreed
that it was right.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have heard no such inti-
mation from the Chair.
^Mr. EDMUNDS. Then you did not hear
his decision.
Mr. HAMLIN. I assume this proposition,
and I shall have the ruling of the Chair before
I yield to it, that the two things having been
divided, and each being a proposition by itself,
either one can be laid upon the table. The
one proposing - is dissevered from the other,
and either one may be laid on the table. That
is my view, and let us see if the Chair concurs
with me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my honorable
friend a question ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If by the rules of this
body we lay the preamble on the table and the
resolution be considered as passed, of course we
may take up the preamble next week and pro-
ceed to consider that and pass that afterward;
and therefore we shall have passed a resolu-
tion with a preamble, the resolution in one
week and the preamble two or three weeks
afterward. That would be certainly a very
singular proceeding.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not think that if the
Senate were to do that precise thing they would
then be any more ridiculous than they often
are, [laughter,] although I do not think it is
quite fair to presume in advance that the Sen-
ate would do so ridiculous a thing.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I ask him if it is possible
to lay on the table a resolution that has been
passed without first reconsidering it?
Mr. HAMLIN. It has passed, beyond ques-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us, have the ruling of
the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
not interrupt a Senator. He will state to the
Senator from Massachusetts that the Senator
from Maine is on the floor. The Chair will
make the ruling whenever it is desired, on the
point being made.
Mr." HAMLIN. I have not ye-k-^nade my
motion. I wish to get rid of the preamble. We
have had debate enough upon it 
"Mr. EDMUNDS. Letustakea square vote
upon it.
Mr. HAMLIN. We cannot do that without
consuming much more time, aud I think we
have had debate enough upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us sit until we get
the vote.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am willing to listen, per-
haps, as much as most Senators; but I have
heard enough to satisfy me how I ought to
vote, and I should like to vote to get rid ot it. I
will not vote for the preamble because I believe
with Erskine, who once said in Parliament that
he would not vote for a certain measure, for
if he wore to do so he would vote for an impo-
tent, an insolent, and a public lie. I believe
that is just what this preamble is, and I there-
fore move to lay it on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine moves to lay the preamble on the
table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a point of order-;
and that is that the preamble cannot be laid
on the table, or, if it can, that it carries with
it and hangs up and suspends the resolution
itself.
The VICE PRESIDENT The Chair over-
rules the point of order in both aspects of it
as stated by the Senator from Vermont. In
the first place the Chair decides that the pre-
amble can be laid on the table, because the
rule so expressly says in relation to all ques-
tions under debate. In the second place, the
Chair holds that the motion, if it prevails, does
not carry the resolution with it.
The Chair will explain the grounds of this
decision, because, as the Senator from Ver-
mont and other Senators know, he has been
engaged looking over the authorities and pre-
cedents this afternoon on this precise point,
as he was informed the point would be made.
It is perhaps a novel point in this Chamber.
There is but one authority, and that a number
of years ago, in the Senate.
The Chair will first refer to the case of a bill.
The preamble to a bill, which is part of the
bill, is considered last, after all other parts of
the bill, pending the engrossment of the bill.
At that particular point the body of the bill
itself is considered^ and then the preamble.
After that the question recurs on ordering the
bill and preamble to be engrossed. When the
final vote is taken on the bill the question is,
shall the bill pass, preamble and all? That is
because a bill has three readings; a resolution
has but one reading.
The preamble is part of a resolution when
