3082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
Chief Executive had read and followed the
advice of that great man and prince of orators,
Cicero, to his brother Quintus:
" Let it be notorious that you will be equallythe
enemy of the man who gives as of him who receives
a present, if you sh all know it; fornoone willgivo
them when it shall be clearly perceived that those
who pretend to have the greatest interest with you
are accustomed to obtain nothing from you."
That great man and philosopher nearly nine-
teen hundred years ago, unchristianized and
heathen as he was, knew the corrupting power
of presents. Oh, shame, that we enlightened
Christians, under the noon-day sun of the
nineteenth century, have not as high a sense
of the proprieties of life and the duties of pub-
lic officers as the pagans two thousaud years
agol
Oh, that our present Chief Magistrate would
learn even of this heathen 1 Listen to that
great man again. I commend the following
noble sentiments from him to all rulers, and
let us profit by it:
"For it is a glorious thing for a man to have been
invested with a three years' sovereign power in
Asia in such a manner that no statue, no picture,
no plate, no garment, no slave, no beauty, no hoard
of money in which things this province abounds,
ever caused him to swerve from his continence and
moderation."
if the Chief Magistrate will not learn of
Christian teachers, if he will not follow the
example of Washington, if he cannot rise to
that standard, certainly he ought to stand
upon as high and lofty a plane as heathens.
I commend to him the example set by this
same Cicero when he was a ruler. Listen to
what he says :
" For when the States of my province had voted
a sum of money for erecting a temple and a monu-
ment to me, and when, on account of iny great
deserts and your extraordinary seivices they did it
voluntarily and cheerfully, and though the law has
expressly provided ' that governors may receivo
money for erecting a temple or a monument,' nay,
though the money which was granted was not to
perish,but to belaid out upon the ornaments of a tem-
ple that was to appear to future times, not more a
present to me than to the people ot Rome and to the
immortal gods; and yet I thought that the offer
should be rejected, though warranted by dignit-y,
by low, and by tho good will of those who made it;
and this I do for this reason, among others: that
those magistrates to whom such sums are not due,
nor permitted by law, might bear (the reiusal of
them) with a moro rosigned temper."
What noble sentiments! How worthy of
imitation ! But I weary your patience, and
must bring tny remarks to a close, and in
doing so 1 do it with the earnest hope that
we may have a change ; that all this robbery,
oppression, murder, rapine, and wickedness in
high places may cease; that the wail of the
defenseless mother, cries of the nursing infant
may cease, and that of the next Administra-
tion it may be truthfully said that which was
said of Quintus Cicero, proprietor of Asia
Minor nineteen hundred years ago, " In the
whole of your government there is nothing that
is spiteful, nothing that is merciless ; but that
it is filled with clemency, gentleness, and
humanity."
navigation1 of ouachita rivkr.
Mr. SNYDER obtained leave to have printed
in the Globe remarks on the bill to incorpor-
ate the Ouachita River Slack- Water Navigation
Company. [See Appendix.]
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symi'son,
one of its clerks, announced that the Senate
had disagreed to the amendments of the House
to the bill (S. No. 988) to provide homes for
Pottawatomie and absentee Shawnee Indians
in the Indian territory, asked a conference
with the House upon the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses, and had appointed, as con-
ferees on the part of the Senate, Mr. Buck-
ingham, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Stevenson.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had insisted on its amendment, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 2042)
for the relief of Fannie M. Jackson, of Ten-
nessee, had agreed to the conference asked by
the House, and had appointed, as conferees on
the part of the Senate, Mr. Howe, Mr. Scott,
and Mr. Cooper.
tariff.
Mr. BANKS addressed the House on the
subject of the tariff. [His remarks will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. STARKWEATHER also addressed the
House. [His remarks will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. EAMES. Mr. Speaker, I have listened
with great pleasure to the eloquent and able
argument of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Banks] upon the question ol the
tariff and its effect upon the industries of the
country, and it is with some reluctance that
I complain of any portion of his speech. But
in his glowing eulogium upon Mr. Lowell for
his services in establishing the cotton manu-
facture in this country, I think the gentleman
has inadvertently done an injustice to a citizen
of Rhode Island, not less distinguished than
Mr. Lowell, for what he accomplished at an
earlier period in introducing the manufacture
of cotton fabrics in this country. I refer to
Samuel Slater, to whom the gentleman has
in his speech alluded, as with others having
spun the yarn of this fabric before Mr. Lowell
combined under the roof of one mill the
entire machinery required to produce the
finished article from the raw material.
Mr. Slater came from England to this coun-
try in 1789, immediately upon the expiration
of his apprenticeship in the spinning-mills of
Arkwright and Strutt. He was at first em-
ployed in New York, but in the latter part of
1789, at the request of Moses Brown, he re-
moved to the village of Pawtucket, about four
miles from the city of Providence; and there,
without either plan or model as a guide, with
the aid of skillful mechanics, he for the first
time in this country constructed and success-
tully operated by water-power the Arkwright
machinery in the spinning of cotton warp or
thread, and thus gave the first substantial im-
pulse to the manufacture of cotton fabrics in
this country.
I have no desire to detract from the high
praise which the gentleman has so eloquently
bestowed upon Mr. Lowell for the impetus
which he gave to this industry; I wish only
to claim for Mr. Slater, as a citizen of Rhode
Island, the just meed of praise which is his due
as the first in this country to have constructed
and operated by water-power machinery which
produced yarn of as good quality as was then
spun in England.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, with the great-
est pleasure I accord my assent to every word
which the gentleman from Rhode Island has
said. Beyond any doubt, Mr. Slater was the
father of American cotton manufactures in the
United States. I did not mean to say, nor do I
think that I said anything to imply a different
conclusion. My remark was that Mr. Slater
had limited himself to spinning. He had estab-
lished here Arkwrighl's machinery, he had
been educated in Arkwright's mills; and what
is a curious illustration of the difficulties with
which the early manufacturers had to contend,
Mr. Slater came to this country without a
drawing of any kind of the machinery upon
which he had spent the greater part of his life.
The English Government would not allow him
to bring from England any illustration of the
machinery upon which he had been employed,
and I believe it is a fact that he left England
without authority. He may be said to have
escaped fromhiscountry. He arrived at New
York, went to Rhode Island, and there estab-
lished, at the period which the gentleman from
Rhode Island has stated, his system of cotton
manufacture. It was nearly a quarter of a
century earlier than the enterprise of Lowell
and his associates at Waltham.
Mr. Slater is entitled beyond any doubt to
the honor of being the father of the cotton
manufactures in this country. He performed
many good and honorable acts connected with
this interest, and especially in regard to the
care and attention he bestowed upon the well-
being and culture of the people whom he em-
ployed. He did, as Scotchmen have dene I
think wherever they have gone, no harm, and
a great deal of good. He died at a ripe old
age, honored by everybody. Mr. Clay, in one
of the last visits he paid to New England, as
I was told by Mr. James, formerly a Senator
of Rhode Island, went to Pawtucket, and saw
Slaters machine, which had been set up and
put in operation by Mr. James himself as late
as 1832 or 1833. I should be sorry to be un-
derstood as saying anything here to detract in
the slightest degree from the renown that justly
attaches to the name of Mr. Slater. It might
be said of him as Burns said of his race—
" Auld Scotland has a raucle tongue;
She's just a devil, wi' a rung;
An' if she promise auld or young,
To take their part,
Tho' by the neck she should be strung,
She'll no desert."
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, addressed the
House upon the subject of the tariff. [His
remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
duty os salt.
Mr. DUELL then addressed the House
against the proposed reduction of the duty on
salt. [His remarks will be published in the
Appendix.]
Mr. ELY asked unanimous consent to have
printed in tho Globe some remarks he had
prepared.
No objection was made. [See Appendix.]
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENSON,
(at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. COBURN : The petition of soldiers
of New York and Massachusetts, for the estab-
lishment of industrial homes for soldiers' and
sailors' orphans.
By Mr. KELLEY : The petition of several
citizens of Philadelphia, asking Congress to
grant a pension to Mrs. Harriet Mattis, widow
of Isaac Mattis, late a private in the one hun-
dred and nineteenth Pennsylvania volunteers.
_ By Mr. LANSING: The petition of Wil-
liam J. Malcolm, for relief from contract for
dredging harbor at Ogdensburg, New York.
By Mr. LOWE: The petition of Andrew
E. Montgomery, for a pension.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 6, 1872.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
order of business.
Mr. BEATTY. I rise for the purpose of
making a privileged report from the Commit-
tee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot ask
unanimous consent for that purpose.
Mr. BEATTY. I do not ask unanimous
consent. I think I have the right to make
the report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot, dur-
ring the morning hour of Monday, ask con-
sent for any purpose, not for the most
privileged question, even a report from the
Committee of Elections affecting the _ right
of a member to his seat. Nothing can inter-
fere with the regular morning hour business
of Monday except the swearing in of a mem-
ber or the correction of the Journal.
