THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3088
This being Monday, the first business in
I order during the morning hour is the call-
•: ing of the States and Territories, beginning
jwith the State of Maine, for the introduction
bills and joint resolutions for reference to
Mieirapproprmte committees, not tobebrought
back into the House by motions to reconsider,
finder this call memorials and resolutions of
F State and territorial Legislatures may be pre-
sented for printing and reference. The moru-
|ing hour now begins at five minutes past
% eleven o'clock,
albert s. green.
Mr. POLAND introduced a joint resolution
( (H. R. No. 148) for the relief of Albert S.
i-'Oreen; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
president and vice president.
I' Mr. POLAND also introduced a joint reso-
lution (EL R. No. 149) proposing an amend-
Jment to the Constitution of the United States ;
i-which was read a first and second time,
p referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
^and ordered to be printed.
| The proposed amendment was read as fol-
?• lows:
b Article XVi.
£ , No Senator or Representative shall, during the
" time for which he is elected, b6 chosen President
' or Vice President; nor shall any judgeof any court
  of the United States be chosen President or Vice
i; President within two years after the termination of
t''"' his judicial office.
monument to baron steuben.
"■ Mr. E. H. ROBERTS introducd a bill (H.
R. No. 2645) granting unserviceable ordna,nce
" for a monument to Baron Steuben ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
|; be printed.
israel yount.
Mr. B. P. MEYERS introduced a bill (H.
"R. No. 2646) for the relief of Israel Yount;
which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
I' and ordered to be printed.
removal of disabilities.
Mr. WHITELBY introduced a bill (EL R.
Ho. 2647) to relieve certain citizens of Georgia
from political disabilities; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee or. the Judiciary.
■ Mr. DOX introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2648)
to remove the political disabilities of James
Foreman, of St. Clair county, Alabama; which
Was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
removal of causes.
Mr. TURNER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2649) to amend an act entitled "An act for the
: removal of certain causes from State courts,"
approved July 27, 1866; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Revision of the Laws of the United States,
and ordered to be printed.
■ allen white.
fe; Mr. MORPHIS introduced a bill (PI. R. No.
|y 2650) for the relief of Allen White, of Chick-
J.'. asaw county, Mississippi ; which was read a
jp first and second time, referred to the Commit-
! . tee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
private land claims.
}.' Mr. SHELDON introduced a bill (H. R.
£ No. 2651) relative to certificates of location
|V- and patents to be issued upon private land
£ claims confirmed under the laws of the United
States; which was read a first and second time,
jv ^e%J'e<i to the Committee on Private Land
S": Claims, and ordered to be printed.
f [ l. r. straus.
I', Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri, introduced a bill
(B. R- No. 2652) for the relief of L. R. Straus,
|jof Macon City, Missouri; which was read a
g* first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to be
printed.
leroy t. roberts.
Mr. BURDETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2653) for the removal of disabilities from
Leroy P. Roberts; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
gayle h. kyle.
Mr. SNYDER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2654) for the relief of the widow of Gayle H.
Kyle; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. BECK. I ask that this bill be read at
length.
The bill was read at length, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
claim agents, etc.
Mr. SNYDER also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2655) to amend the various acts relat-
ing to agents and attorneys prosecuting claims
or demands before Congress and the Execu-
tive Departments of tlie Government, and for
other purposes ; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. BECK. I call for the reading of this
bill at length.
The bill was read at length, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
removal of political disabilities.
Mr. HERNDON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2656) to remove the legal and political
disabilities from certain persons therein named,
imposed by the fourteenth amendment of the
Constitution of the United States ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
john n reed.
Mr. HERNDON also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2657) for the relief of John N. Reed,
of the State of Texas; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
bridge across bis sioux river.
Mr. ORR presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Iowa, asking an
appropriation by Congress to construct a bridge
across the Big Sioux river ; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
swamp land settlers in iowa.
Mr. ORR also presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of the State of Iowa, to
secure title to settlers on the swamp lands in
that State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
taxes and monopoly.
Mr. ELDREDGE introduced a bill to fur-
ther increase taxes and encourage monopoly
without producing revenue; which was read
a first and second time.
Mr. COX. I understand that this bill is a
duplicate of the tariff bill already introduced
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley ;] but in order that we may see the
difference, if any, I ask that it be read at
length. [Laughter.]
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill, .and
continued its reading until twelve o'clock, five
minutes before the expiration of the morning
hour.
Mr. ELDREDGE. In order that the civil
rights bill may now be considered, 1 withdraw
the bill which the Cleik has been reading.
[Laughter, j I do not wish to embarrass the
consideration of the civil rights bill.
first battalion california mountaineers.
Mr. COGHLAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2658) relative to granting bounty to the
first battalion mountaineers, California vol-
unteers; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
amherst ii. wildbr.
Mr. AVERILL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2659) for the relief of Amherst H. Wilder;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
portland, dalles, and salt lake railroad .
Mr. SLATER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2660) providing that the lands lying along the
line of the Portland, Dalles, and Salt Lake
railroad shall be disposed of to actual settlers
by preemption and homestead, and appropri-
ating a portion of the' proceeds to the con-
struction of said road; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
land titles in red river valley.
Mr. ARMSTRONG introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2661) to quiet the title to certain lands
in the Red river valley, in Dakota Territory ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
eleanora umber.
Mr. MERRITT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2662) for the relief of Eleanora Umber;
which was read afirst and secondtime, referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
h. d. harkn1ss.
Mr. MERRITT also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2663) granting a right of way to H. D.
Harkness through an Indian reservation in
Idaho Territory; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
civil rights bill.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I hope
that general consent will be given to gratify
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [ Mr. Eld-
redge, ] by taking up the civil rights bill.
[ Laughter. ]
Mr. ELDREDGE. I object to its consider-
ation at this time except for reference to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I am perfectly
willing it shall be referred.
The SPEAKER. Several members were
not in when their States were called, and if
there be no objection they will be recognized
to present bills for reference only.
There was no objection.
military establishment
Mr. MAYNARD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2664) to amend an act entitled " An act
for the better organization of the military es-
tablishment," approved August 3,1861; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
pneumatic tube, etc.
Mr. KETCHAM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2665) relating to the construction of a
pneumatic tube from the Government Printing
Office to the Capitol; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
monument association, kane county.
Mr. FARNSWORTII introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2666) authorizing the Secretary of War
to turn over condemned cannon to the Sol-
diers' Monument Association of Kane county,
Illinois; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
s8ldikrs' school, carlisle barracks.
Mr. HALDEMAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2667) to establish a school at Carlisle
barracks, Pennsylvania, for the education of the •
