1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2187
to let it Me on the table until the return to the
Senate of the chairman of the Committee on
Printing, so thatthe whole committee may con-
fer further on the subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
of the House of Representatives was referred
to the Committee on Printing, and when re-
ported back by the Senator from Rhode Island
from that committee, the Chair stated, though
the Senator from California did not hear him,
of course, that it largely reduced the number
proposed by the Senate. It was then read in
full by the Secretary, showing that it largely
reduced the number, and it was agreed to. If
it has gone to the House of Representatives
with notice of concurrence, a resolution can
be sent to the House asking them to return it.
Mr. HOWE. I have sent for the chairman
of the Committee on Printing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
the chairman of the Committee on Printing
has returned to Rhode Island, but is not cer-
tain.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have inquired and was
so informed by the clerk of the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. He so stated to
the Chair.
Mx\ HOWE. I ask the Senator from Cali-
fornia if he will not withdraw his motion to
reconsider? The Senate passed the resolution
as it came from the Committee on Printing,
and it went to the House. The House was
very reluctant to act upon it at all. We sent
several times to get some action. Finally I
went to the House myself and saw the chair-
man of the Printing Committee there before we
could get any sort of action. Then we did
not get any positive assurance that action would
be had, but he said he would try to get action
the next day. It seems he did on the same
day after we had seen him get the action of
the House, and the action which was reported
here to the Senate. I acquiesced in that
amendment simply because it was, as the Sen-
ator from California knows, of very great im-
portance that we should have the printing
under way in some shape. I have no sort of
objection to passing to-morrow morning a res-
olution to print any additional number that
may be desired, and let it go through the Sen-
ate, and get it through the House if we can.
But to have a certain number of copies of that
testimony printed is a matter of very great
importance, I think the Senator will agree,
to every member of the committee, if it is not
to anybody else; and in order that we might
have the printing under way I acquiesced in the
amendment made by the House, and such, I
think, was the reasoning of the chairman of
the Committee on Printing. I do not know
whether the Senator from California was con-
sulted or not.
Mr. CASSERLY. I never heard of it at all.
I feel the force of the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. I am. glad he agrees
with me that the House reduction is excess-
ive, and especially that five hundred copies
for the Senate, which would amount to about
four for each Senator, after the usual deduc-
tions, is a totally inadequate number for any
purpose of proper publicity to the evidence.
[ yield, however, to the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, and withdraw my motion
to reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
will send up another resolution to be referred
to the Committee on Printing under the law
now it can be reported to-morrow morning.
The Senator can prepare it, and it will be
regarded as referred to the Committee on
Printing, so that they can report to-morrow
morning.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I will reoffer the
resolution adopted originally with great unan-
imity by the Committee on Investigation' and
Retrenchment, less the number authorized to
be printed by the resolution which has been
adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be referred to the Committee on Printing.
sale of coal-lands.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
522, to provide for the sale of the lands of the
United States containing coal.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will move to amend
that motion  
The VICE PRESIDENT. A motion to
take up a bill is not amendable.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I was going to say that
after what the Senator said this morning, that
he was not disposed to take up important bills
in the morning hour and pass them, I am sorry
he should want to take up a bill of this sort
when he has onlv one minute to pass it in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Nevada.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Senate resumes the
consideration of the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. STEWART. A bill of this nature, after
it has been amended, recommended by the
Department, reported unanimously by the
Committee on Public Lands, simply proposing
to remove difficulties in the laws which pre-
vent the ordinary transaction of business, and
acquiring title to property, I submit ought to
be considered and disposed of. I do not think
it will occupy much time. I shall move to lay
the Indian appropriation bill on the table tem-
porarily to allow us to get a vote on this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to the Senator
to postpone the Indian appropriation bill in-
definitely, and then we shall not be bothered
with it any more, and it will not stand in the
way of the business of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
lie on the table has priority of the moti on to
postpone indefinitely, and is not debatable.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I suggest to
the Senator that he give notice that when the
appropriation bill is through he will move to
take up his bill. I think it is but fair he
should have an opportunity to dispose of the
bill.
Mr. STEWART. Then I give that notice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Instead of mov-
ing to lay the appropriation bill on the table,
the Senator from Nevada gives notice that as
soon as the Indian bill is concluded he will
seek the floor in order to call up the bill in
regard to coal-lands.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I give notice also that
I shall call up Senate bill No. 5, to relieve a
portion of my constituents from political dis-
abilities.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These notices,
of course, do not bind the Senate.
message srom t1ik house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 131)
to change the boundaries of the collection
district of Brazos de Santiago, in the State of
Texas.
The message also announced thatthe Speaker
had appointed Mr. John T. Bird, of New
Jersey, a manager of the conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (H. R. No. 622) granting a pension to
Richard B. Crawford, in place of Mr. R.
Milton Speer, of Pennsylvania, excused.
The message further announced that the
House had non-concurred in the amendment
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1866) for
the relief of Mrs. Frances A. McKinney,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Charles A. Eldredge of Wisconsin, Mr.
Benjamin F. Butler of Massachusetts, and
Mr. John A. Peters of Maine, managers at
the same on its part.
AMENDMENT to appropriation bill. v*
Mr. CASSERLY submitted an amendment
intended to bS proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 1070) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department for the
year ending June 30, 1873, in regard to mail
service between San Francisco and Australia;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
AMENDMENT TO PACIFIC RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. KELLOGG submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (S.
No. 724) supplementary to au act entitled "An
act to incorporate the Texas Pacific Railroad
Company, and to aid in the construction of
its road, and for other purposes,"' approved
March 3, 1871 ; which was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
2203) to improve the navigation of the Onio
river and its tributaries; in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 117) to
authorize the erection of a colossal statue of
the late Admiral Farragut.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills ; and they were thereupon signed by the
Vice President :
A bill (S. No. 494) placing the name of
Theodore S. Coinparet on the pension-roll;
A bill (S. No. 804) granting a pension to
Margaretta Becker;
A bill (S. No. 805) granting a pension to
Abigail Ryan, widow of Thomas A. Ryan; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1588) to change the time
for holding the spring term of the United
States circuit and district courts at Harrison-
burg, Virginia.
indian appropriation bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1192) making appropriations for the cur-
rent and contingent expenses of the Indian
department, and for fulfilling treaty stipu-
lations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses, the pending question being an amend-
ment offered by Mr. Caldwell, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, to insert after line
seventeen hundred and twenty-five the fol-
lowing :
Eor fulfilling treaty obligations of the United States
with Wyandott Indians, as provided in the thir-
teenth article of the treaty concluded February 23,
1867, the lollowing amount? ascertained to bo due by
the board of commissioners appointed by the Sec-
retary of the Interior, as per their report dated
March 2, 1869, money heretofore appropriated in
fulfillment of treaty stipulations, but transferred
to the surplus fund, $3,8-1-169; taxes unjustly collect-
ed by the territorial government ot Kansas in 1859
and 1860, to be refunded, $14,532 62; to enable tho
Wyandotts to establish themselves in their new
homo in the Indian territory, $5,000; in all, $23,427 31,
to be paid under the direction of the President of
the United States.
Mr. COLE. From the numerous interrup-
tions to which this bill has been subjected we
forget one day what has laken place at the
last proceeding upon the bill. This amend-
ment contains several different items, some of
which it was rendered clear by the discussion
when the bill was last before the Senate ought
not to be embodied in the appropriation bill.
I have not a copy of the amendment before
me. I have been looking for it among my
papers while it was being read. [Having re-
ceived the amendment from the Chief Clerk. ]
I find it is in manuscript, and I do not think it
has been referred to the Committee oa Appro-
priations, and unless the Senator moving it.
