1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE OONGBESSION-AL GLOBE.
843
42d Cong 2d
The Tariff—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. OF REPS;
oppress, and dictate to labor, as the old lords
and.barons did 10 their serfs.
And again, revenue reformers insist, with
the laboring interests of this country, that if
you remove protection commerce will again
revive, the spirit of trade will abound, arid'of
its own inherent force it will suppress every
obstacle, overcome every difficulty, and leave
no barrier that will require investigation at
the hands of Gongress. And here we have
an illustration in print,' most emphatically
enforcing the arguments advanced by the
members of the committee from the West,
the East, and the South. Our commerce has
been swept .from the ocean, and the lament-
able cry comes up, " What shall we do to
revive our commerce?" So urgent is the
demand, so imperious the necessity, so loud
is the call that labor may find employment in
our sea-board towns, tbat they say at once,
"Remove these obstructions from trade;"
and Congress turns in and feebly helps by reso-
lution. Hence we have often had resolutions
offered here that those engaged in ehip-build-
ing should be permitted to enjoy the benefit of
a drawback upon the materials employed by
them in the construction of vessels to the full
extent of the tariff imposed. Why this prop-
osition? Because of the unequal, unjust, and
burdensome exactions created and sanctioned
by law, placing the materials used at so high
a price as practically to forbid ship building
in this country.
Now, behold at once the extent of this inter-
est. Iron and lumber and numerous other
articles enter into the construction of vessels.
They can be manufactured in foreign countries
cheaper than here. The ship-builder can go
there and buy them but when he brings them
here he finds an obstacle in the way at once,
not presented by labor, not presented by trade,
not presented by any honest requirements;
but an obstacle presented by monopoly, by
tyranny, by oppression in the forms of law,
compelling those who would build ships to
pay unjust tribute to home manufacturers.
They say, remove these obstacles, take away
these obstructions, permit, us to enjoy a draw-
back upon these things, and then we can build
your ships as cheaply as they can be built upon
the Clyde; we will then revive your commerce
and all your shipping interests.
Following this line of argument further on,
we at once perceive that this tariff obstruction
enters not only into the things which go into the
construction of a vessel, but into all the toois
used by the workmen, the clothes with which
he clothes himself and his family, the food
with which he feeds himself and his family,
and almost every other article that you can
name which he uses to make himself and
those about him comfortable in his house.
And so there is no end to the tyranny and
oppression thus imposed by legislation upon
the laboring interests of this country. ^
Do the evil effects of this legislation end
with our ship-builders and the laborers em-
ployed by them ? Certainly not. Millions of
mechanics and farmers are daily consuming
most, if not all the articles used in the con-
struction of ships. Millions of laborers are
just as much affected by this legislation as the
laborer whose employment is building the sea-
going craft. With all these, implements of
husbandry, tools for carrying on their respect-
ive trades, and clothing of every description,
are absolutely essential. _ And why should
any pay these increased prices, these extraor-
dinary duties, which are so enormous as to
cut off and to prevent ship-building almost
absolutely? To what end, for what pretended
good are our laboring and farming interests
thus burdened? Is it for the benefit of trade,
of labor, or of the revenues of the Govern-
ment? No; for in most instances for, every
dollar tho,t is collected for the Government
from the people from one to three are paid
io the increase of price of the article'to the
protected manufacturer.
In order to present every branch of thie
argument one statement more is necessary.
Protectionists" still claim that by the aid of
law shutting' out foreign manufacturers; or
rendering the importation of their"goods
Costly, so that Americans will not purchase!
them except at a greater or equal expense
than they can purchases the home product,
they, the protectionists, will scion be able'to
compete with the foreign manufacturer. "What
first strikes the mind in this proposition ? The
fact that foreigners can manufacture many
articles such as iron and steel in their various
forms, and cotton and woolen goods, which
the American farmer, mechanic, and working-
men need, a.nd send over thousands of miles
of ocean and sell them very much cheaper than
they can be manufactured in this country,
according to the estimate of these protection-
ists. Hence they now ask the poor people of
the United States who need cheap clothing,
cheap tools, and cheap agricultural imple-
ments, to consent to continual high duty upon
all these, foreign productions, and as an in-
ducement, alssure them that the high duty will
not be required long; for, say they, "we will
soon be enabled to build and make such
progress as to be able to compete successfully
with all foreigners."
This is the old argument; the same pre
tense that was offered to seduce the people
in 1810, in 1824, in 1832, and at other later
periods For fifty years, at least; this has
been the fashion of high-tariff men when they
have desired an opportunity to make money
at the expense of American laborers. As I
listen to their lamentations on the one hand,
or to their boisterous appeals on the other, 1
have often supposed that these protectionists
who seek a monopoly of privileges, must in
their hearts take it for granted that America
was made for them chiefly, and that the rights
and interests of others are subordinate. It
seems tome that their claims are exorbitant,
their reasoning fallacious, and their promises
to the people the most deceptive and illusory.
In proof of this consider the fact, so apparent,
that for the last ten years these tariffs have
been carried to the very highest degree.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. S. W. KELLOGG,
of connecticut,
In the House of Representatives,
May 2, 1872.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having under consider-
ation the bill (H. R. No. 2322) to reduce duties on
imports, and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes—
Mr. KELLOGG said:
Mr. Chairman : As I have promised to yield
a portion of my time to a gentleman on -the
other side of the House, I will endeavor to be
brief enough in my remarks, so at least as not
to weary the patience of the committee. I
shall leave it to other gentlemen to make the
long expositions of the different theories of
free trade and protection, and shall endeavor
to take a practical view of the questions pre-
sented, what taxes shall now be taken off, what
burdens shall now be removed, and what sys-
tem of taxation it is best to continue for the
interests of American capital and American
labor.
I learned my tariff doctrines in the same
school, I presume, that two of the distin-
guished members of the Committee of Ways
and Means on the other side of the House
learned theirs; for I believe they say they
learned theirs in the school of Henry Clay*.
And I* believe my distinguished friend from
New; York, [Mr. Brooks,] if he could'break
through the crust that hag g'roivu over himTrom
hiii associations for'the last twenty years,'wouM
get back to the same good bid doctrines still.
He has turned aside into a new pathway; while
increasing years, arid their practical lessons
of the results or protecting American labor in
the arrangement of tariff duties, have more
and more confirmed me in my early opinions.
That system whidh-elevates itfd'improves
the condition of the American laborer, which
gives him higher wages and irfore certain and
constant employment', which enables hitn to
move ouward and" upward until the laborer
of yesterday is the capitalist of to-day, which
would develop with more rapidity all the re-
sources of our own country 4hd make a market
at home for the increased productions of our
soil, is the one advocated on thisflopr by those
who sustain the principle of protecting Ameri-
can industry, and is the one_ opposed and
stigmatized by those who champion die theory
of free trade. We ask for no exclusive or
prohibitory tariff; but we do claim that it is
our duty to so shape our legislation that while
there may be competition with all the world,
our own capital and our own labor shall
have a fair chance with the cheaper materials
and poorer paid labor of other countries.
I know of" no theory held by the advocates
of protection that calls for a "Japanese sys-
tem " of isolation, as claimed by my friend
from Illinois, [Mr. Burchaub ;] I know of no
class of people in our community that call for
a protective tariff to the exclusion of foreign
articles of production. Myfriend from Illinois
has set up a man of straw upon this floor, so
that he could make his Bpeech against it and
knock it down. We claim nothing of that
kind. What we claim is simply this": that
sufficient time has elapsed since the war to
enable us to come substantially to one system
of taxation, and that we claim should be a
tariff upon imports; and in adjusting the'de-
tails of that system, that we should so arrange
them as to benefit our own labor rather than
foreign labof, and give our own labor its con-
stant and just reward.
We claim simply a tariff for revenue; nobody
asks for anything more. But we claim that
in adjusting the details of that tariff our own
labor shall have the benefit of any discrim-
ination that can justly be made, and not the
poorer paid labor of foreign countries. The
time has come, as is conceded on both sides
of the House, for a large reduction of tax-
ation. I go with those who are for the largest
amount of reduction consistent with the needs
of the Government and a moderate reduction
of the public debt. I <lo not believe in pay-
ing off the debt so rapidly by one half or one
third as we are paying it now, for I believe in
leaving to a grateful posterity some portion of
the burdens we are bearing in this generation.
Mr. DAWES. Grateful for what?
Mr. KELLOGG. Grateful for the blessings
of a Union preserved, and a country growing
in prosperity, for them,- and their children
after them. The burdens of such a war as we
have passed through ought not to fall entirely
upon one generation ; tor its results and its
benefits will be shared in large measure by
future generations. I rejoice in the wonderful
progress that has been made by this Admin-
istration toward the final extinction of the
national debt. In its' first three years of ex-
istence it has paid off over three hundred
million dollars, or at the rate of S 100■000,000
each year. This has been done, too, with B
large reduction of taxation at the same time,
eighty millions of taxes having been repealed
two years ago, besides large reductions" made
just before this Admi nistration came info po wfer.
And the rate of reduction of the debt seems to
