396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
LAND IN COLORADO.
Mr. CHAFPBB also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1032) withdrawing a certain tract of land
from entry and sale in Colorado Territory, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
DAKOTA NATIONAL GUARDS.
Mr. ARMSTRONG introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 1033) to provide arms for the Dakota
National Guards; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
relief from import duties.
The SPEAKER. The States and Territo-
ries having now been called through for bills
and joint resolutions on leave, the next business
in order during the morning hour is the con-
sideration of the bill introduced on Monday
lastby the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale,]
being the bill (H. R. No. 878) to relieve Amer-
ican-built steamers and vessels from import
duties laid upon materials and articles enter-
ing into their construction, l-epair, and use.
The pending question is on the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
to refer the bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. HALE. Is that motion at this stage of
the bill debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is, and the gentleman
from Massachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman yield to me?
Mr. DAWES. I will.
Mr. HALE. How much of the morning
hour remains?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has both
clock-faces before him and can see with his
own eyes as well as the Chair can. [Laughter.]
There are eight minutes remaining.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman from Maine
will allow me, I would like, if it wore possible,
to suggest an amendment to this bill.
Mr. HALE. Before I surrender the floor I
will yield to the gentleman, but I do not wish
to do so at present.
And first, in order to call the attention of
members of the House to this bill which I in-
troduced last Monday under the second call-of
the States, and upon which I asked an imme-
diate vote, I ask the Clerk to read the bill.
The bill was read. It provides that all im-
port duties hereafter collected on materials
entering into the construction of vessels and
steamers built in the United States shall be
returned to the builders thereof, under regu-
lations to be established for such purpose by
the Secretary of the Treasury; and all articles
of foreign product needed for subsistence on
American vessels and steamers engaged in for-
eign trade, or in the use or repair of American
vessels and steamers, may be withdrawn from
bonded warehouses free of duty.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would inquire of the
gentleman from Maine if the bill extends to
steamers intended to ply upon the lakes and
rivers'!
Mr. HALE. As its terms imply, it includes
all American-built vessels. I do not know that
I can answer the gentleman's question more
definitely than that. I am not sure that I know
exactly to what class he refers, but it is in-
tended to embrace all American-built vessels.
Mr. HALE then addressed the House in
support of the bill until the close of the morn-
ing hour. [His remarks will bd published in
the Appendix.]
order of business
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill goes over to the morn-
ing hour of Monday next. Several gentle-
men during the call of States and Territories
for bills and joint resolutions were not pres-
ent when their States were called.
GREAT KANAWHA RIVER.
Mr. HEREFORD introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1034) making an appropriation for lock-
ing and damming the Great Kanawha river,
West Virginia; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
REPEAL OF JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. HEREFORD also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1035) to repeal a joint resolution
approved March 2,1867; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
PARKEItSBURG, WEST VIRGINIA.
Mr. DAVIS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1036) to establish a marine hospital at the
city of Parkersburg, in the county of Wood,
in the State of West Virginia; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
CHARLES II. DAY.
Mr. DAVIS also introduced a hill (H. R.
No. 1037) to authorize the Commissioner of
Pensions to issue to Charles H. Day, late a
first lieutenant in company D, second regiment
West Virginia volunteers, in iieuof the certifi-
cate now held by him, a pension certificate for
a full pension as first lieutenant to date from
June 80,1865; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
FOREIGN-BUILT VESSELS.
Mr. COX introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1038)
to allow American registry to foreign built ves-
sels, &c. ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
BURIAL GROUND AT CUMBERLAND, MARYLAND.
Mr. RITCHIE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1039) to donate a small parcel of land
near Cumberland, Maryland, to the laboring
sons of that community for a burial ground ;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
ROBERT M'MUKRAY.
Mr. LAMISON introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1040) for the relief of Robert McMurray,
second lieutenant of the sixty-seventh Ohio
volunteer infantry ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the -Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
DUPLICATE CHECKS OK DISBURSING OFFICERS.
Mr. COBURN introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1041) to providefor theuseof duplicate checks
by disbursing officers of the War Department;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
IMPROVEMENT OF HARBORS
Mr. ELDRIDGE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1042) making appropriations for the im-
provement of the harbors of Sheboygan and
Port Washington, Wisconsin ; which was read
a first aud second time, referred to the Com
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
EDUCATIONAL FUND.
Mr. PERCE, from the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1043) to establish an educational fund, and to
apply the proceeds of the public lands to the
education of the people; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and recommitted.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REIMBURSEMENT TO TEXAS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Texas, introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 1044) to reimburse the State of
Texas for moneys expended in enrolling, equip-
ping, and provisioning the "ranger" forces to
aid the Government of the United States m
protecting the frontier from incursions of hos-
tile Indian tribes from the republic of Mex-
ico and the Territories of the United States;
which was reada first and second time, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN TEXAS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Texas, also introduced a
b'll (H. li. No. 1045) to divide the State of
Texas into two judicial districts; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
LUCIUS F WADSWORTII.
Mr. STRONG introduced a bill (H. R. No.
104G) for the relief of Lucius F. Wadsworth ;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee of Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
SALARY OF BOARD OF HEALTH.
Mr CHIPMAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1047) to fix the salary of members of the
board of health; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
EVIDENCE IN CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
Mr. McCRARY introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 1048) supplementary to and amendatory
of an act entitled "An act to prescribe the
mode of obtaining evidence in cases of con-
tested elections ;" which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Elections, and ordered to be printed.
PORT OF ENTRY, PITTSBURG.
Mr. NEGLEY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1049) to establish a port of eutiy and delivery
at the city of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. NEGLEY. I ask unanimous consent
that this bill may be considered now.
The bill, which was read, provides for the
establishment of a port of entry and delivery
at the city of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, which
shall be entitled to the same provisions and
subject to the same regulations and restrictions
as other ports of entry and delivety in ihe
United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. Astliisbill involves a very
important, question, 1 think it ought to be re-
ferred to ihe Committee on Commerce
Mr. NEGLEY. 1 see 110 reason why the
bill should not be put on iis passage now. f
move that the rules be suspended iu order to
pass the bill.
On the motion to suspend the rules, there
were—ayes 41, noes 11; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Holmax and
Mr. Negley were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 111, noes 16.
Mr. HOLMAN. As this bill iuvolves an
appropriation of some ten thousand dollars a
year, and never lias been before the appro-
priate committee, I ask the yeas and nays on
this proposition.
Mr. RANDALL. I wish the gentleman
would show how the bill involves such an
expenditure.
Mr. HOLMAN. It involves an expenditure
of not less than ten thousand dollars a year.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive on the division) the rules were suspended,
and the bill was passed.
DIFFICULTIES IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, Thataselcct committee of four he ap-
pointed, whose duty it shall be to inquire into the
origin and character of the difficulties which have
arisen between the government and officials of the
State of Louisiana and United States officials in said
State, and their conduct growing out of the same, and
to report the same to this House with such i;ecom-
