2188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
states that it lias been, I shall have to raise
the point of order upon it. It calls for an
appropriation, bat it has nofc been referred to
that committee.
Mr. POMEROY. This amendment comes
under the rule of having been estimated for
and recommended by the head of a Depart-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) If that is so, the
amendment is in order.
Mr. CALDWELL. The amendment was
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
I introduced the amendment, and hud it re-
ferred to that committee.
The PUESIDIN G OFFICER. The question
is on the adoption of the amendment,
Mr. CALDWELL. Inasmuch as the Senator
from California forgets the provisions of the
amendment, and what was said on the bill a
few days ago, perhaps it would be well to send
up to the desk a report, which is very short,
that was made by the commission appointed
in March, 1869, for the purpose of ascertain-
ing and reporting to the Department the amount
of money due, if any, to the Wjandott Indians
under treaty stipulations. It will take but
three or four minutes to read the report, and I
think the Senator from California will then
have all the information that will be necessary
on the subject. The whole report does not
relate to this amendment, but [ should like
the Secretary to read the whole report, and
then I will explain what is to be taken oat of
it. I call the attention of the Senate to the
items that are left out.
The Chief Cierk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Washington, D. C., March IV, 1869.
Sir: Tho thirteenth article of tbo treaty between
the United States and tho Seneca and mixed
Senecas, Shawnees. and other Indians, concluded
in tins city on tbo 23d of February, 1807, authorizes
and directs the Secrocary of the Interior to appoint
three persons, whose duty shah be to ascertain and
report to tho Department tho amount of money,
if any, due by the United States to tlio Wyandott
Indiana under oiasting treaty stipulations, and tho
items mentioned in schedule A, appended to tho
treaty.
Commissioners "were accordingly appointed. On
tlio 2d instant they submitted a report to the Com-
missioner ot Indian Affairs, from which it appears
that they have concluded their investigations on all
matters except those relating to depredations on
Wyandott property ; ami they were of opinion that
theinnquiries in regard to audi depredations could
be moro successfully prosecuted in Kansas than in
tbisoity. Instructions wore given to (hem accord-
ingly by my predecessor on tuo 26 th ultimo to pro-
ceed to Kansas to complete the investigation.
I do notdccin ltpioper to await the completion
of the work of the commissioners, and, puisuant to
tho terms of the treaty, have the honor to submit a
copy of the report horewith tor such action as Con-
gress may deem necessary in the premises.
Yery respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. D. COX, Secretary.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax, Vice President of the United
Staled and President oj the Senate.
Washington, I). C., March 2,1869.
Sir: Tho commissioners appointed in accordance
with the Senate's amendment of the thirteenth arti-
cle ot the treaty ot the 23d of February, 1867, with
tho Seneca°> and other Indians, " to ascertain and
report to the Department the amount of money,
if any, duo by the United States to tho Wyandott
Indians, under existing treaty stipulations, and tho
items mentioned in schedule A, appended to that
treaty," have had the samo under consideration,
and, sitter atull investigation of all matters embraced
therein, exueptitem seven ot schedule A, respectfully
submit the following report:
By the sixth article oi the treaty of January 31,
18o5, (toco Siatutes-at-Large, vol. 10, page 1162,) in
consideration ot tho Wyandott nation agreeing to
relinquish and leleaso the United State3 from all
annuities, school-moneys. &c., as well as from all
other claims or demands whatsoever as a nation,
arising under any treaty or transaction between
them, the United States agree to pay tho Wyandott
nation the sum of &380,000, to be equally distributed
and paid to all the individuals and members of the
said nation, m throe annual installments, payable
in the month of October, commencing in tne year
1355.
. According to this stipulation, each of the annual
installments amounted to $126,666 66; and the lai,t
clause ot said sixth article or said treaty provides
that "such part of the annuity under the treaty of
1842 as shall have accrued and may remain unpaid
at the date oi the payment of the first of the above-
mentiqned installments, shall then be paid to the
Wyandotts, and bo in full and final discharge of
said annunity."
According to a statement of the Commissioner oi
Indian Affairs, now before us, it appears that " such
part of the annuity" was paid in October, 18oot
and we are of the opinion that said payment was in
full and final discharge of the annuity duo under
the treaty of 1842. But as the payment of less than
one half of the first installment under the treaty of
1855 was made in October, 1855, and the entire bal-
ance of said first installment was not paid until
October, 1856, and as successive payments were all
equally deferred, wo have considered it just and
proper to allow interest, at the rate of six per cent,
per annum, on all these deferred payments; which,
being carefully calculated and added to the small
balance of principal due, amounts to $11,612 on the
4th of March, 1869. _ . .
By the seventh article of the treaty of 1855 it is
provided that " the sum of $100,000, invested under
the treaty of 1850. together with anyt accumulation
of said principal sum, shall be paid over to the
Wyandotts in like manner with the $380,000 men-
tioned in tho next preceding article, but in two
equal annual installments, commencing in one year
alter the payments of the last installment of the said
above-mentioned sum."
The first installment, therefore, of this &100,000 was
payablo in October, 1858, and tho second in Octo-
ber, 1859. By the statement of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, now betorous, it appears that the
Government did not pay these installments in money,
but in lieu thereof delivered to the Wyandotts, (who
received them under protest,) on the 13th of Slay,
1859, $5-2,0110 in Tennessee six per cent, bonds: $1,000
in Missouri bix per cent, bonds; 8594 53 in United
States six percent, bonds, and on the 24th of March,
1860, $53,000 in Tennessee five per cent, stock.
By evidence now before us it is shown that the
Wyandotts sold the stocks first delivered to them
(on the 13th of May, 1859) at the highest market
price, for $38,407 50, being $11,592 50 less than the
first installment duo the previous October. This
loss, together with interest thereon at six per cent,
per annum for ten years,--amounting to $18,547, we
consider justly due to tho Wyandotts.
By similar evidence H is shown that the Wyan-
dotts sold the stocks last delivered to them (on the
24th of March, 1860) at the highest market price,
for 841,870, being $8,130 less than tho second install-
ment due tho previous October. This loss, together
with interest thereon atsix per cent, for nine years,
amounting to $12,620, we also consider justly due.
Wo have thereforo allowed tho above sum of
$11,592 50, and the sum of $8,130, with interest on
each, to reimbuiso them on account of losses sus-
tained by tho investment ol their lunds by the Gov-
ernment in tlio above-mentioned depreciated stocks,
and which were received at the time under protest
by tho Wyandotts.
On examination of the books in tho Indian Bu-
reau we find on tho 30th of June, 1864. there was
transferred to tho surplus fund $2,089 50, which
stood credited to the Wyandotts by appropriation
in fulfillment of treaty stipulations under the fol-
lowing heads:
Annuity §1,329 98
Blacksmith  363 25
l£duc<tion  125 00
Improvements  27128
Total $2,089 51
Tlicso appropriations bhould have been paid on
the ratification of the treaty of January 31,1855, and
are now due with interest from that time, amounting
to $3,844 09.
By the fourth article of the treaty of January 31,
1855, with tho Wyandotts, it is stipulated that "none
of the lands thus assigned and patented to the
Wyandotts shall be subject to taxation for a period
of five years from and after the organization of a
Stato government over tho Territory where they
rcssde."
The authorities of tho then Territory of Kansas
construed this provision of the troaty to mean that
though these lands were to be exempt from taxation
for live years after tho establishment of a State gov-
ernment, yet they wcro taxable up to the timcsuch
State government should be so formed, and accord-
ingly taxed the lands, for the years 1859 and 1860, to
the amount ot $11,703 56, as is shown by the statement
of Byron Judd, tho treasurer of Wyandott county,
Kansas, (in 1859 and I860,) where these lands are
situated.
From a statement of the Commissioner of Indian
ACtairs, and from the affidavit of John T. Cochran,
who made the treaty under the direction of the Com-
missioner, there can be no doubt that the spirit and
intent of tho foregoing stipulation was that tho
Wyandotts should be exempt from taxation from
the date of said treaty until five years after theform-
ation of tho State government. * Justice, therefore,
requires that tho $ll,7i)3 56 paid by the Wyandotts
territorial government for taxes in 1859 and
1860 should be refunded to them, with interest at six
per cent., from the time of payment on the 26th of
January, 1864, to the 4th of March, 1869, the whole
amounting to $14,582 62.
•By tho fourteenth article of the treaty of Febru-
ary, 1867, it is stipulated that the sum of $5,000 shall
be paid to the Wyandotts to enable them " to estab-
lish themselves in their new home," which sum,
never having been paid to them, is still due under
said treaty.
The foregoing sums we consider justly due to tho
Wyandotts from the United States, to wit:
A.—Interest on deferred payments $11,612 00
B.~Loss on sale of bonds May, 1859, with
interest   18,547 00
Loss on sale of bonds March, 1860, with
interest  12,620 00
C.—Money heretofore appropriated in ful-
fillment of treaty stipulations, but trans-
ferred to the surplus fund   3,844 69
D.—Taxes unjustly collected by the Terri-
torial government of Kansas in 1859 and
1860, to be refunded, with interest  14,582 62
E.—Grant of $5,000 for Wyandotts to estab-
lish themselves in their new home  5,000 00
Total $66,206 31
In addition to the foregoing, your commissioner?
have had before them the claims of various parties
of the Wyandotts (under act of Congress of Juno,
1834) for losses by depredations committed upon
their property between the years 1847 and 1863,
amounting, in the aggregate, to $34,342 50.
Many of these claims arc not sustained by any
testimony whatever, and where testimony is fur-
nished it is not sufficient to warrant u3 in allowing
the claims.
It is the opinion of the commissioners that these
claims should not be allowed until their validity
can be more fully established by evidence taken
upon the ground where these depredations are said
to have been committed.
All the papers in our possession upon which the
foregoirig report has been hased, and marked re-
spectively A, B, C, D, and E, with the same mar-
ginal refcrcnco to the items above allowed, are
herewith returned.
In support of item D will be found an abstract
(so marked) taken from the records of the Indian
Bureau.
In support of item E the fourteenth article of the
treaty made with the Senecas and other tribes on
the 23d day of February, 1867, is referred to, and a
copy of said treaty is filed.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
JAMES H. EMBRY,
JULIUS A. FAY,
JAMES P. TAYLOR,
Commissioners.
Hon. N. G. Taylor, Commissioner of Indian Affaire.
Mr. COLE. Do I understand this to be
reported from the Committee on Indian
Affairs ?
Mr. POMEROY. Yep, sir.
Mr. COLE, Then I raise the point of order
upon it. If it is reported from that committee,
it ought to have been referred a day before-
hand to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. CALDWELL. If the Senator _from
California will allow me one moment, 1 will
explain.
Mr. COLE. Certainly.
Mr. CALDWELL. The amendment I in-
troduced was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations..
Mr. COLE. This amendment ?
Mr. CALDWELL. The one I introduced.
Mr. COLE. The one I hold in my hand I
got Irom the Clerk's desk. I do not think
it has been referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and the committee have had
no chance whatever to examine it. I am totally
in the dark in regard to the merits of it. ft
is a character of amendment that should be
referred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. CALDWELL, lhavehere this amend-
ment which has been il referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations."
Mr. COLE. That may be another amend-
ment.
Mr. CALDWELL. The Senator has in bis
hand the amendment which is pending.
Mr. COLE. I must say that it is the prac-
tice of the Committee on Appropriations to
examine these matters carefully all through
when they are referred to that committee, and
the rule is a very stringent one, requiring them
to be referred in time, so that the committee
can examine them and be able to determine
whether they are on a good foundation or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion being raised on the first amendment
offered by the Senator from Kansas, the Chair
understands that it is withdrawn, and that he
now offers one which has been referred.
Mr. CALDWELL. Let me explain. I may
not understand the rules as well as I should,
and if I do not, the chairman can put me
right. I introduced an amendment, which I
