3980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
the Japanese. In addition to what they have
done heretofore, yesterday's mail brought to
this country the information that the Japan-
ese Government, with the consent of all the
people, has abolished its State religion. It
has opened the doors to all its people, and to
all foreigners, our own nation among others,
to enjoy the religious freedom which we enjoy
in this country. In view of the great advances
which the Japanese Government has made, I
am sure this House will never stamp them as
savages, or as what is almost as bad, half sav-
ages. I hope, sir, there will not be a single
vote against this appropriation. When the
other matters to which gentlemen have alluded
shall come up, we can give them proper con-
sideration. I ask for a vote.
. The question being taken on the motion to
reconsider, it was agreed to, there being—
ayes 92, noes 33.
The question then recurring on ordering the
bill to be engrossed for a third reading, it was
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
Being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time.
The question being taken on the passage of
the bill, there were—ayes 91, noes 32.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. BANKS. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also move
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered,
The motion of Mr. Banks was agreed to.
dempsey and o'toolk.
Mr. DAWES. I move to suspend the rules
and go to business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment for a report from the
Committee on Appropriations?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. NIBLACK. The Committee on Ap-
propriations have instructed me to report and
recommend the passage of a bill (H. R. No.
2944) for the relief of the late firm of Messrs.
Deinpsey & O'Toole.
The bill was read. Itauthorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the
late firm of Dempsey & O'Toole, as indemnity
for loss sustained by them by the annulment
of a contract with the Post Office Department
for furnishing stamped envelopes and news-
paper wrappers, the sum of $29,433 89.
Mr. NIBLACK. This bill is accompanied
with a written report, which of course can
be read if any member demands it. But I
appeal to the chairman of the committee [Mr.
Garfield, of Ohio] to make a statement in
regard to the matter.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. This case was
fully investigated by the Committee on Ap-
propriations of the last Congress, but was not
finally acted on. It was again taken up by the
committee at the present session, and was in-
vestigated first by a sub-committee, and after-
ward by the full committee on hearing the
report of the sub-committee.
Mr. DAWES. I think that the Committee
on Appropriations of the last Congress were
entirely satisfied that this claim ought to be
paid.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope that the report will
be read. It seems to me that this bill is an
unwarranted drain upon the Treasury.
Mr. SCOITELD. I raise the point of order
that the Committee on Appropriations have
no right to make this report at the present
time.
Mr. SARGENT. The subject was especially
referred to the committee by a resolution of
the House.
Mr. SCOFIELD. But the committee has no
right to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. It requires of course a
suspension of the rules to consider the bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move that the rules be
suspended and the bill passed.
The motion was agreed to, two thirds voting
in favor thereof.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask that the
report may be printed in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that it had better not be ordered to be printed
in the Globe, as the Globe is at present very
much overburdened with matter.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move, then,
that it be printed as a House document.
The motion was agreed to.
judicial districts in illinois.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I move to sus-
pend the rules so as to authorize the reporting
from the Committee on the Judiciary and the
passage of a bill (H. R. No. 554) to divide the
State of Illinois into three judicial districts,
and for other purposes.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] yielding
further.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts yield for the purpose of sus-
pending the rules and passing this bill ?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, sir.
Mr. HA WLEY. 1 hope the bill will not be
passed. 1 understood that it would not be
brought up until the committee was regularly
called. I think it is not fair toward me to
undertake to pass the bill under a suspension
of the rules.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. It is the unani-
mous report of the Committee on the Judiciary,
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to debate unless
the question is open to everybody.
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I must insist on my motion
■to suspend the rules to go to business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. PERCE. I hope the gentleman will
not insist on his motion. I understand the
Committee on the late Insurrectionary States
are ready to report a bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Massachusetts will modify his motion so as to
provide for taking up bills on the Speaker's
table to which there is no objection.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The question is not de-
batable.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Dawes, there were—ayes 84, noes 75.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the motion was not agreed to.
army appropriation bill.
Mr. DICKEY. I submit the following
report from the committee of conference.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee on conference on the disagreeing
votes ot the two nouses on the amendments to the
bill (R. R. No.1541) making appropriations for the
support of the Army tor the year ending June 30,
1873, and for other purposes, having met, after full
and freo confcrcncc have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend to their respective Houses, as fol-
lows :
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered five, nine, ten,.fourteen, twenty-eight,
and thirty-one.
That the House ot Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered one, fifteen, and twenty-six, and agree
to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the second amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: on page
2, lines twenty-two and twenty-three of the bill,
strike out the following words: "when serving in
the field and at the outposts;" and the Senate agroe
to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the seventh amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
in lieu of the words stricken out by said amend-
ment insert the following words: " two hundred and
fifty thousand;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eleventh amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: in line
three of said amendment strike out the word
"twenty" and insert in lieu thereof the word
" tenand the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the twenty-seventh amendment, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: strike out in
lines one and two of said amendment the words
" one hundred and eighty," and insert in lieu thereof
the words " two hundred and seventyand in line
one of said amendment, after the word "heavy,"
insert the word "rifled;" and at the end of said
amendment add the following words: " and the
powder and projectiles necessary for testing the
same shall be supplied from stores on hand and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their twenty-ninth
amendment and agree to theclause modified as fol-
lows : strike out all after the word " testing," in line
twenty-two on page 7 of the bill, down to the end of
line twenty-five on same page, and insert in lieu the
following words: "James Crockett's graduating and
accelerating cartridge and for experimenting with
patent metallic cartridge_of Willis E. Moore and
other improvements in ammunition, $3,000;" and the
House agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the thirtieth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with the following amendments: strike
out of the said amendment all after the word
"appointed." in line five, down to and including
the word "field," in line seven, and insert in lieu
thereof the following words: "by the Secretary of
War;" and strike outof said amendment all after
the word " officers," in line eight, down to and in-
cluding the word "war" inline nine; and in the
same line nine strikeout the word "two" and in-
sert the following words: "one ordnance officer;"
and at the end of said amendment add the follow-
ing words: "to any of its officers or employes, or for
any patent in which said officers or employes may be
directly or indirectly interested;" andtheSeHate
agree to the same.
On amendment of the Senate numbered eight they
make no recommendation.
O. J. DTCKEY,
JOHN COBURN,
THOMAS SWANN,
Managers on the part of the House.
J. R. WEST,
FRANK P. BLAIR,
Managers onthepart of the Senate,
Mr. DICKEY. Mr. Speaker, I will state
the general result of the conference. The
House and the Senate committees have agreed
to all matters in dispute on the Army appro-
priation bill save and except the appropriation
of $200,000 for Fort Leavenworth. Although
against the report of the Committee on Appro-
priations the House de-cided the matter, yet
the managers on the part of the House did
not feel justified in yielding the point to the
Senate.
I will state further that the conference report
reduces the total amount of appropriations in
the bill about three hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, that is, it reduces to that amount
on the bill as originally reported. And I
state this fact in order to put the Committee
on Appropriations, the War Department, and
the House of Representatives in their proper
positions should there be a deficiency bill next
year. We believe the reduction of the appro-
priations on the part of the Senate will hardly
meet the exigencies of the public service. If
the Senate should be right and we should bo
mistaken I should be happy, but if they should
be mistaken it is only right we should put our-
selves on record thus in advance. As to the
appropriation of $200,000 for Fort Leaven-
worth the Senate committee insist very stren-
uously, and in submitting their report to the
Senate moved to insist, and the Senate have in-
sisted and asked for a new committee of con-
ference on that question.
The matter of Fort Leavenworth was dis-
cussed in the House. This appropriation is
recommended by the General-in-Chief of the
Army, by General Sheridan, by General Pope,
and by the Secretary of War. It was recom-
mended a year ago, but defeated in the con-
ference. It is now put in this bill and again
insisted upon.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit that the question
of the eighth Senate amendment appropriating
$200,000 for Fort Leavenworth is not now
before the House. The report of the com-
mittee of conference alone is before the House,
and the committee do not report that question.
Mr. DICKEY. The committee makes no
recommendation as to that, and I am stating
why they do not.
