1292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
certainly he had to decide that, and he decided
that the preamble could be laid on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I insist on everythingin
reference to this question going on the record,
and being determined, that I am entitled to
have there. Therefore whatever the Chair
has decided on this subject, I appeal from.
[Laughter. ]
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly, that
covers it very broadly.
Mr. SUMNER. I was remarking that I bow
habitually to the decisions of the Chair, and
now especially shall I hesitate to question what
the Chair has declared; and yet I think I
shall be justified in asking the Senate to con-
sider the precise attitude in which under the
ruling of the Chair they will place themselves.
Sir, here is a question which has occupied
days and weeks. Yesterday I had the honor
of addressing the Senate at some length on
the general features of it; but I had hoped
to-day, after other Senators had spoken, to
be indulged for a few moments in replying to
some things that have been said, and ia re-
viewing this very preamble. I have heard it
called by strange names, and we have been
told that it has gone through various phases.
One Senator says it is pulverized; another
Senator says there is not a shred of it that re-
mains ; another one says that it has disap-
peared in thin air; and yet, sir, the Senate
discuss it. Why is that? Are they afraid of
it? Are they afraid that the allegations in
this preamble shall go before the country and
produce the effect to which they are justly en-
titled ? I proposed, if I could have the indul-
gence of the Senate, but the pending propo-
sition would cut me off, to go over this pre-
amble clause by clause, and show that it is
sustained, and to defy answer. I know very
well that the clause relating to an apparent
discrepancy between the annual report of the
Treasurer and the annual report of the Sec-
retary of War has been explained. But you
know, sir, perfectly well that it was only after
two or three days of laborious, painful debate,
leaving, I think, an impression an all candid
persons, not that there was anything wrong in
those accounts, but that their system of
accounts needed correction. I think that
is perfectly apparent. That clause drops
out 
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the honorable
Senator proceeds with the argument I must
remind him that under the rule of the Senate
where a non-debatable question is under con-
sideration nothing can be said in the nature
of debate until that question is disposed of.
I -would not interrupt the Senator 
Mr. SUMNER. I will try to keep within
the line.
Mr. SHERMAN. But there is no debate
after a motion to lay on the table is made till
it is decided. No debate can be submitted in
order until that Question is determined.. That,
is the rule of the Senate. I merely speak in
behalf of the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. But since an appeal has
been taken from the Chair 
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not debatable, be-
cause it is an appeal from a decision on an
undebatable question. It is a question of the
enforcement of the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand that it is
not debatable? I listened of course to the
remarks of the Senator from Vermont, who
was indulged—
Mr. EDMUNDS. The appeal itself is de-
batable on the question of order, not on the
merits.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not arguing the
merits.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair regrets
to make any decision pending an appeal to the
Senate from his own decision. The Senator
from Ohio is correct in regard to the rule of
the other House. There is a specific rule there,
which has been often affirmed in that body, and
once or twice on appeal, that when an appeal
is taken while a non-debatable question is
pending—for instance, a motion to lay on the
table or the previous question—that appeal is
not debatable. The rule of the Senate varies
slightly from it. The sixth rule provides:
" And every question of order shall be decided by
the Presiding Officer without debate, subject to an
appeal to the Senate; and the Presiding Officer may
call for the sense of the Senate on any question ot
order. But when an appeal shall be taken from the
decision of the Presiding Officer "—
As in the present case—
" any subsequent question of order, which may arise
before the decision of such appeal by the Senate,
shall be decided by the Presiding Officer without
debate; and every appeal therefrom "—
That is, from the last decision made pend-
ing the appeal from his own decision—•
"shall also be decided at once, and without debate."
That refers to the appeal taken within the
appeal. The Chair cannot quote the Latin
phrase which has been so often used here to
the effect that when you specifically include
one matter, you exclude all others. _ This,
therefore, is the only question which is to be
decided without debate, the second appeal.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the information of
the Chair I will read this clause of the eleventh
rule:
"Motions to adjourn, to proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business, and to lay on the table,
shall be decided without debate."
Now, with due deference to the Chair, if
this can be made debatable, if an appeal from
the decision of the Chair is debatable, a motion
to adjourn could never be carried.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a further ques-
tion of order in favor of my friend from Mas-
sachusetts—that the Senator from Ohio is
plainly out of order on this question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair de-
sires to say to the Senator from Ohio that he
has already read the eleventh rule:
"Motions to adjourn, to procecd to the consider-
ation ot executive business, and to lay on the table,
shall be decided without dobatc."
That does not affect the matter about debat-
ing a question of order.
"6. Every question of order shall be decided by
the Presiding Officer without debate, subject to an
appeal to the Senate."
There is no restriction of debate on the
appeal.
"But when an appeal shall be taken from the
decision of the Presiding Officer, any subsequent
question of order, which may arise before the decis-
ion oi such appeal by the Senate, shall be decided
by the Presiding Officer without debate ; and every
appeal therefrom shall also be decided at once, and
without debate."
And only these appeals " shall be decided at
once, and without debate." Now, the appeal
taken by the Senator from Vermont is on a
specific point, which the Chair desires to state
precisely before the Senate, not to interrupt
the Senator from Massachusetts, and that is,
he decides that when a motion is made to lay
on the table it does not carry with it that which
has been adopted or agreed to by the Senate,
but only carries with it beside itself whatever
may be then pending. That is the gist of his
decision. The Senator from Massachusetts
will resume the floor unless the Senator from
Ohio appeals.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand the decision
of the Chair to be that the preamble may be
laid on the table. I was proceeding to show
the situation in which the Senate would be
placed if, at this moment, it should follow the
ruling of the Chair, to which I habitually bow.
Why, sir, you would cut a Senator off from
the opportunity of explaining this very pre-
amble which Senators say amounts to nothing.
What is the anxiety? What is the fear? Are
Senators afraid of this discussion? Are they
afraid of this preamble ? I hope not. I always
said that 'there was one clause in it which
was abandoned. There is one other where
there should be a verbal explanation, a verbal
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to understand the
Chair. I have an engagement this evening,
and want to understand the decision, because
if we have got to sit here and go through a
night session, let us understand it at once. I
rise to a question of order, and I ask, to what
extent can this appeal be debated?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It has been so
repeatedly decided in the Senate that the Pre-
siding Officer is not the one to restrain a Sen-
ator in the line of debate upon a pending prop-
osition, except under the eleventh rule, which
states that a motion to proceed to the consid-
eration of a question shall not be debated on
the merits of the measure proposed to be con-
sidered, (which is the only restrictive rule upon
debate of a debatable proposition,) that the
Chair cannot consent to initiate a new rule
that he must restrain the Senator from Massa-
chusetts within any precisc or narrow limits
of debate on this question.
Mr. SHERMAN._ The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, then, ia in order in discussing the
merits of the preamble, as I understand? I
wish to conform to the ruling of the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the usage of
the Senate the Senator from Massachusetts
judges as to the pertinency of his remarks to
the question before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well, sir.
Mr. MORTON. I rise to make an inquiry.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts yield?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable, as I understand ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
Mr. MORTON. But if an appeal is taken
from that on a question of order, and upon the
appeal the merits of the question can be de-
bated, I ask if it does not make the rule that
a motion to lay on the table is not debatable
wholly inoperative?
Mr. SUMNER. It is very obvious that the
Senator from Indiana and others are trying to
avoid an answer to their last speeches.
Mr. CONKLING. To meet that, will the
Senator indulge me a moment?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly. I always indulge
the Senator from New York.
Mr. CONKLING. I will vote for a motion
to adjourn, and I will make it myself in aid of
the Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish it.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Chair has no right
to restrain debate, and we must go into the
merits of this, for the Senator himself and for
the rest of us I will make that motion, which
will give him a further day.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not wish a further
day. I wish • the Senator to understand that
I shall be very brief. I only wish to make
a reasonable explanation on this subject. I
think I might expect that indulgence from
the Senator.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will
allow me to interpose the motion, I will move
an adjournment.
Mr. SUMNER. No, 1 would rather not ;
I would rather have it settled to-night.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Indiana, although
there is no appeal from this decision, that
what he has stated properly addresses itself
to the Senate to amend their rules, and not to
the ruling of the Chair. The Chair decides by
the rules and by the usage of the Senate, and
that usage is well known. The precise text
of the rule he has read. He is not a lawyer,
but any lawyer who reads these words will
himself decide that the Chair has ruled cor-
rectly on this text which he had no part in
making:
"But when an appeal shall be taken from the
decision of the Presiding Officer"—
As in the present case—
"any subsequent question of order, which may
arise before the decision of such appeal by the Sen-
ate, shall be decided by the Presiding Officer with-
out debate; and every appeal therefrom"—
That is, on a subsequent question—
"shall also be decided at once, and without debate.",.
