1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$<15
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Kellogg.
Ho. of Rrps.
when we come to it. There is no tax on cot-
ton, and the little they ever did pay on that
they now ask to have refunded. I say this
system ought to be abolished, with the excep-
tions named by the President in his mes-
sage, and some of them ought to be modified.
Take the one article of alcohol, which is used
for mechanical and manufacturing purposes.
Alcohol in &ny form not used as a. beverage
ought soon to be free from taxation. It is
one of the most costly elements in many of our
manufactures. The present tax on alcohol
increases the cost from one to three hundred
per cent.; and still if you put a duty of thirty-
live or forty per cent. 011 the manufactured
article, where large portions of the expense
of the manufacture are in the cost of alcohol,
it would be said by our free-trade friends you.
are putting on an enormous duty in favor of
those manufactures.
Take the article of percussion caps, where
yon have a duty of forty per cent. ; I suppose
you will call it too high. Alcohol enters into
the manufacture of percussion caps to the
extent of two hundred or three hundred per
cent, over its former cost, and still you have
not raised the duty on them in proportion to
the internal revenue tax.
If my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] were in his seat, I have, in passing,
a sort of bone to pick with him. The other
day, in seeking to make a point against our
friends on the other side of the House who
advocate the continuance of the internal rev-
enue, taxes. he repeated the old stale calumny
concerning my Slate. He compared the pres-
ent internal revenue laws with the old " Blue
laws of Connecticut."
Mr. KELLEY j-ose.
Mr. KELLOGG. Do not interrupt me here.
I have no time to spare. If my, friend from
Pennsylvania had read history half as. well as
he has studied the statistics of the country and
the resources of the country, he would have
known there was not a word of truth in it.
Theie is as much foundation for the wondrous
tales of the Arabian Nights, or the .stories of
Baron Munchausen as for the Blue laws; and
my ftietid from Pennsylvania should be the
last one to quote them. The author of them
was an old Tory clergyman, driven out from
Connecticut just before the Revolution by his
own congregation lor Tory principles, and who
went to England and, as I suppose, espoused
fiee trade. British free trade as my friend would
call it, and there invented the fiction of the
Blue laws, and published them in revenge for
the treat ment heliad received from the patriots.
Mr. IIOAlt. Did they not resolve in Con-
necticut. that they would obey the laws of God
until they had time to make better laws?
[Laughter.]
Mr. KELLOGG. I think that was done by
the Puritans of Massachusetts in the first set-
tlement of that colony. With all reverence,
though, if they did so resolve, they did their
best to make better ones.
A few words more as to the provisions of
the bill relating to internal revenue. I shall
vote for the bill as offered by my friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] unless my friend
dear me [Mr. Dawks] presents a better one.
I believe in getting rid of the internal revenue
system as soon as practicable. At any rate
lei us abolish every tax under the internal
revenue system, except the taxation on dis-
tilled spirits and tobacco, and let us make
those uniform. Let us have no more taxes on
light; no more gas taxes, or stamp duties on
matches. I introduced a bill some months
ago for that purpose, and I am glad to see
the committee are agreed upon that point.
Let the entire abolition of the internal rev-
enue system come as soon as possible ; but at
least let us do away now with all revenue 1
taxation, with the exception of th§ taxation
on distilled spirits, and on tobacco; and
these should be made uniform to avoid the
vexations underthe presentlaw. There should
be a consolidation,of all the taxes and stamps
required iu the manufacture and sale of dis-
tilled spirits into one tax to be paid by the
distiller, and let that be large- enough-to.cover
them all. The present law was passed before-
this Administration came in, and it has some
of the harshest features of the old English
excise system,-and is full of pitfalls and snares
to catch those who do not intend to violate
the law.
Now, as to the tariff. There have been all
sorts of jokes perpetrated upon this bill,
and various figures of speech have been used,
by almost every speaker against it, as to the
paternity or maternity of the bill. I will not
follow any such figure, because I think it has
been used quite enough already. Bat I will
say this, that I presume the bill is as. nearly a
unanimous thing as anybody expected to come
from that committee at. any time during the
five months in which the bill has been in pro-
cess of incubation. The distinguished gen
tlemau from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] paid the
merited compliment to the Chair of saying that
for the first lime since the war ihe Speaker
had appointed a Ways and Means Committee
in the interest of revenue reform. And wheu
he says revenue reform we know that he
means free trade and nothing else.
The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] said it was a very fair committee,
because it was composed of four and a half
members on the oue side, and four and a, half
on the other. Nobody expected from it any
bill which this side of the House and the other
side of the House could agree upon; They
have our sympathy for their five months' labor.
I have no doubt they have learned in that time
a.great deal about the resources ot the country,
and they will carry the results of their re-
searches and studies into a green old age, and
enjoy the recollections many years, as 1 hope.
But as regards their agreeing to report a good,
practical bill, for reducing taxation without
prejudice to our own capital and labor, which
members on this floor could sustain, that is
something which nobody ever dreamed of, or
expected.
Why, the thing they have produced here is
very much like the image seen in the vision,
and it seems to be made partly of brass and
partly of iron and partly of clay, and it does
not need any stone cut from the s-ide of a
mountain to shatter it into fragments. That
has beeu done already. ■ The tea aud coffee
bill passed yesterday morning substantially
did that business for it.
Mr. BOUCHARD. What about copper?
Mr. KELLOGG. Oh, yes; copper. You
have undertaken to make a small reduction
upon copper. You have takeu off half a cent
per pound in the form of ore, and one cent m
the form of ingots, while you have reduced
the manufactures five per cent. The manu-
facturers of copper have asked no such tariff
as that. I am obliged to the gentlemau for
calling my attention to it. They pay a higher
duty on the raw material twice over ttiau
the amount of the duty on the brass itself.
The tariff on copper, according to Mr. Young's
statistics, is thirty two and a fraction per cent;
the duty on spelter or zinc, which we do not
produce here, and which is almost wholly, if
not entirely imported, is over thirty two per
cent, more; and yet if you turn to your tariff
you will tiud that the duty on the product of
these articles, the duty on the brass itself, is
fifteen per cent., being less than half the duty
on the raw material. The manufactures of
brass pay a higher duty, but not so high as it
should be, compared with the raw material.
There aie other inequalities in that direction
that ought to be corrected, but I have no idea
that from any committee constituted in this
House, distinguished as they-are, 'learned as
they are and no ou,<j has a higher respect for
each individual membef of the Committee of
Ways and Means than I have—w-e can expect
to get a proper, revision of th© tariff at this
session.
The gentleman from Indianahas denounced
the copper ring to-day, and seems to identify
that with the manufacturers, whom he calls
robbers and plunderers. He lays it all to the
copper tariff. Sir, the tariff oil copper was
put on by the West, by the gentleman's own
section, and copper went down in' price after
it. The present corner in copper, growing
out of its scarcity or other causes, rather
than the tariff, is not the work of the manu-
facturers, who are suffering under it, but the
work of the gentleman's friends, of the free-
trade speculators in New York city, who have
got control of the markets, and grind the
manufacturers with their exorbitant prices.
I will vote for the best thing I can get; and
I hope We will have something better than
either of these bills. What the people want,
I say, notwithstanding all this outcry against
the tariff; what consumers as well as producers
want—for both classes are alike interested in
having matters of finance- stable—what they
want is stability; they want something,settled.
When people have adapted their business to a
certain rate of tariff, they want the tariff lo
stay long enough at that rate to get. settled in
business, and to know what operations they
can carry oil. It is as much in the interest of
the consumers to have the tariff stable and
business settled as it is of the producers them-
selves. And it is certainly for the interest of,
American laborers to have business settled
and stable, for their prosperity goes hand in
hand with that of their employers.
The tariff may be too high on many things,
but the duties on raw materials should be first
reduced ; and the most ridiculous of all ideas
upon this subject is that one which comes from
the celebrated report of Robert J. Walker,
that every dollar of duty put oil in the way of
tariff, for the purpose of protection, adds so.
much to the cost of all the manufactured arti-
cles made in this country of the same-kind.
Sir, the manufactured articles in my district
pay a duty of from thirty to forty-five percent.;
scarcely any of them over forly-five per ccnt.
There is a large amount of iron manufactured
in the district, and a very large amount of cop-
per, or other metals; and such raw material
as scrap iron eught to have a lower duty.
The duty to-day npon Nova Scotia blue nose
potatoes is higher than on any of the articles
from copper produced in my district. And
will the gentlemen on the other side claim that
by the duty imposed upon every bushel of
potatoes that comes into the United States the '
price is increased to an equal amount upon
every bushel raised here, because there is a
tariff upon them?
The closing remark of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] was that a tariff for pro-
tection was unconstitutional. As I said in the
outset, the advocates of protection simply
claim sueh protection as we can get from the
tariff we need for the expenses of the Govern-
ment and the necessary purposes of revenue.
But the gentleman from Indiana says that
such a tariff is unconstitutional, and lie gets
that idea, as hesays, from Robert J. Walker's
report. Now let as see who arc the best
judges of its constitutionality. In the first
Congress under the present Constitution there
were fifteen members who had been members
of the Convention of 1787, and aided in fram-
ing the Constitution. Washington was Presi-
dent, and Alexander Hamilton wasSecretaiy
of the Treasury, and both had also been mem-
bers of that Convention. Irepeat, there uere
fifteen members who bad been members of
