1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2189
have just sent up, and which wag referred
to the Committee on Appropriations. I was
directed to report it from the Committee on
Indian Affairs. It was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. I was then directed
by the Committee on Indian Affairs to modify
the amendment, which I have done, and the
amendment as modified is now pending.
Mr. COLE. Well, let us have a vote on it.
Mr. HARLAN. The point, I suppose, is
this: the amendment as offered by the Sena-
tor from Kansas called for sixty-odd thousand
dollars. After it had been offered and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, the Com-
mittee o® Indian Affairs haviug consulted over
tb e matter more maturely advised the honorable
Senator to modify it, striking out several items
amounting in the aggregate to some forty-two
thousand, leaving three items about the justice
of which v>e thought nobody would have any
doubt.
Mr. COLE. Looking at the manuscript copy
furnished to me embodying these other items,
I did not see that it had been referred to that
committee, and I am sure it has not been.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator is
right. This is not the amendment as referred ;
that is, the text of it is not the same as that
which was referred. 18 included other items
as it was introduced here and referred to that
committee, but we advised the honorable Sen-
ator from Kansas to offer a modified amend-
ment, cutting it down about two thirds.
Mr. COLE. The items now in the amend-
ment that we are asked to accept, on which
. the Senate is about to act, to wit, the one in
manuscript, are certainly old Indian claims
that ought not to go upon this bill. I hope it
will be put on some deficiency bill, if at all.
We are now making appropriations in this bill
for the next fiscal year, not to pay old claims.
It has no place on this bill. Jf it was referred
to the committee at all, as I suppose it may
have been, it must have been in connection
with some deficiency bill, perhaps the defi-
ciency bill now pending. I am sure it has no
proper place on this bill.
Mr. HARLAN, I desire to state in a few
words the character of this amendment. The
treaty provided that a board of commissioners
should be appointed to examine the claims set
up by this tribe of Indians for a balance due
them, as they thought, from the Treasury of the
United States, under other treaties and laws.
This board of commissioners was appointed,
and they reported that they found due these
Indians sixty-odd thousand dollars under the
provisions of other treaties and laws. The
Committee on Indian Affairs, in examining
it more carefully, as I have just explained,
find two or three of those items about the
justice of which they have doubts. They ad
vised the Senator from Kansas to modify the
amendment by strik ng out those items, leav-
ing, I think, only three items, one of which
is money paid by this tribe of Indians to the
Territory of Kansas for taxes on lauds. The
honorable Senator from Vermont had before
him a few days since the treaty itself, which
provided that the United States should refund
to these Indians that amount of money. It
is specifically provided for by the treaty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not that amount.
Mr. HARLAN. I will come to that. The
amount named in the treaty is eleven thousand
and some odd dollars. Another element is
35,000 which we agteed to pay them in a pre-
vious treaty to enable them to settle them-
selves at their new home. The residue consists
of a balance due them which was heretofore
appropriated, but by some inadvertence at the
close of the fiscal year was covered into the
Treasury.
These are the only items that are included
in this amendment: the taxes paid by these
Indiaus to the Territory of Kansas unjustly,
that we have agreed in a treaty to refund to
them; $G,000 which we agreed to pay them
to settle in their new homes, which has never
been paid ; and the balance of an appropria-
tion which has been inadvertently covered
into the Treasury.
Now, as to the difference between the amount
named in the treaty and the amount named in
the main item of the amendment as now
offered, the board of commissioners thought
this Indian tribe would be entitled to interest
on the amount of money that they paid out
unjustly to the Territory of Kansas, from the
date they paid it to the date of the report of
that commission, and that makes up the differ-
ence between the $11,000 and the $14,000 as
it now stands. I do not think any member of
the Senate who will examine this amendment
can doubt the legality as well as the justice
and propriety of paying this.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask theSenator, be-
fore he takes his seat, when was the treaty
made with these Indiaus that gave them the
$11,000?
Mr, HARLAN. I have not the treaty before
me, and I really have forgotten when it was
made. The honorable Senator from Vermont
suggests that that part of this item making up
the difference between $11,000 and $14,000
for interest on the money they paid for taxes
ought to be stricken out, and 1 should advise
my honorable friend from Kansas to modify
the amendment to that extent.
Mr. CALDWELL. I will modify it at the
suggestion of the Senator from Iowa.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kansas modifies his amendment by
striking out $14,000 and inserting $11,000.
With that modification there will be no new
appropriation in the amendment, and it will
therefore come within the rule.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senate can hardly
bo aware in what hardship these Wyandotts
were placed by the action of that territorial
government in compelling them in many cases
to sell their stock, their cows, and everything
they had to pay that territorial tax.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Maylask the honorable
Senator from Kansas, does he mean that the
territorial Legislature elected under the or-
ganic act setting up the Territory, as a territo-
rial Legislature, imposed these taxes, or were
these taxes imposed by a Legislature which
was elected as a State Legislature, but before
the State \tfas admitted?
Mr. POMEROY. Neither the State Legis-
lature nor any person elected under a Stqte
government imposed these taxes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 do not wish to mis-
understand my friend or have him misunder-
stand me. I want to know whether it was the
territorial Legislature elected under the act
of Congress providing for a territorial Legis-
lature that undertook to impose these taxes,
or whether it was a body of men acting as a
Legislature elected under some constitution
which the people had adopted or had not, with
a view to becoming a State government?
Mr. POMEROY. I tried to answer that as
plainly as I could. I undertake to say that it
was the members elected to a territorial Legis-
lature, and not to any State Legislature under
any of the constitutions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then fhe treaty does not
state the truth.
Mr. POMEROY. The treaty says "the
State of Kansas," but it was the Territory of
Kansas. We were not a State until 1861.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You had a Legislature
that called itself the Legislature of a State.
Mr. POMEROY. We had a State Legisla-
ture which was never recognized in law at all,
and we were never a State until 1861.
Mr. EDM UNDS. How did that Legislature,
calling itself a State Legislature, in this inter-
regnum, so to speak, raise money to support
itself, &c.?
Mr. POMEROY. It never levied taxes.
The Topeka constitution, which was the Free-
State organization, wassupported by voluntary j
efforts and contributions. It never collected |
a tax from anybody. It was an extemporane- i
ous, voluntary thing, which was got up there
to resist pro-slavery government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then you understand
this to be an error in the treaty?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir. The fax was
levied by the true territorial Legislature, as I
understand.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask the honorable
Senator who has just taken his seat whether
lie supposes any portion of this $11,000 will
ever go to the Wyandott Indiaus?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not suppose every
dollar of it will go there. I do not know of
any intervening man, I never heard of such a
man, between the Wyandott Indians and the
Treasury having anything to do with it. If
there is, I know nothing about it.
Mr. CALDWELL. This amendment, as
modified, embraces one item of $2,089 61 that
was cash belonging to these Indians, and on
the books of the Treasury to their credit at
the time this account was made up. Another
item is an appropriation of $5 000 in cash
given to them by the treaty of February, 1807,
which has never been paid to them. The
other item is the amount of S11.000 taxes col-
lected from them by the territorial government
of Kansas illegally. Those are the items that
they claim and for which they have never been
paid, and the fact that these payments have
been deferred up to this time, I think, is the
very best reason why they should be allowed
now.
Mr. POMEROY. The interest ought to be
allowed, too.
Mr. CALDWELL. I think interest ought
to be allowed them, and 1 think, further, that
the items which were stricken out of this
amendment, as originally proposed, should be
paid; but the committee thought otherwise.
1 did not suppose there would be any question
as to the justice or legality of paying the
items included in the amendment as now mod-
ified. I cannot understand the justice of keep-
ing these people out of their money eight or
ten years, and then, because they have not
been able to get their money, because the Gov-
ernment has been successful in depriving them
of getting that which was their due, turning
around and saying, " We will not pay it, be-
cause it was an old claim." I think that is
setting a very bad example of fair dealing and
justice to the Indian. I hope this amendment,
as modified, will prevail.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 think we ought to have
"a little time to look at this first item of $3,000,
which seems to be a still older affair, and
which I think may fairly be considered to have
been waived and condoned in the new treaty
of 1806, although 1 am not sure about that.
I tlimk the treaty of 1806 should supersede
that if it was merely a balance that stood
betore that time due to these Indians. To
have time to look into it, I move for the time
being to amend this amendment by striking
out that first item of $'i,000, not with a view
of having the Senate determine at this moment
positively that it will not allow it under any
circumstances, but in order that I may look
at the circumstances of it while the Senate is
going on with other amendments to the bill.
Then, if it turns out that it is not just to leave
this off on account of the treaty of 1806, it
can bo proposed afterward.
Mr. POMEROY. Let it be laid aside in-
formally until we get into the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is part of ageneral
amendment, and that would stop the whole
amendment for the time being.
Mr. POMEROY. I propose to let the whole
amendment lie over until we get into the
Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to that.
Mr. HARLAN. While the honorable Sen-
ator is looking at that, I will move a verbal
amendment to an amendment that has been
agreed to—merely a change of a date. The
Secretary will find at the close of the first sec-
tion of the bill, under the miscellaneous head,
