1294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Though I have no oppor-
tunity to explain my vote, 1 feel obliged to vote
"nay" on this precise question.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 18; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Caldwell, Casserly, Davis of West
Virginia, JYelinghuysen, Goldthwaite, Hill, John-
ston, Kelly, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Vermont,
Norwood, romcroy, Pratt, Robertson, SaulsDury,
Sohurz, Scott, Spencer, Sprague, Stevenson, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull. Vick-
ers, and West—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Boreman, Cameron, Car-
penter, Clayton, Conkling, Corbetfc, Cragin, Ed-
munds, Flanagan, Gilbert, Ilamlin, Harlan, Mor-
ton, Nve, Osborn, Sherman, and Wright—18.
ABSENT —Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Blair, Brownlow, Buckingham, Chandler, Cole,
Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Ferry of Michigan, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas. Hitchcock, Howe, Kel-
logg, Morrill of Mains. Patterson, Pool, Ramsey,
Kice, Sawyer, Stewart, Wilson, and Windom—27.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts will resume his remarks.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will yield
I will move an adjournment.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no; I would rather
not. I shall not occupy tiie Senate long.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts is entitled to the floor, and
it cannot be taken from him without his con-
sent.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not try to take it
from him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts declines to yield.
Mr. SUMNER. I throw myself upon the
indulgence of the Senate, and will try to be
brief.
I was remarking on the large discrepancy
between the money paid by France and the
money received by onr Government. Does
any Senator doubt that such a discrepancy
exists? I rend you yesterday a communication
from the French legation at Washington to
the French Government to the effect that after
careful examination it appeared that there
was what is called "a dry loss" to France
of $1,600,000. I took that document from
the authentic proceedings of the Place trial in
France.
Now, sir, in view of that allegation,
$1,500,001) disappearing between the ord-
nance office and the French Government,
does it not become the Senate to make in-
quiry? Especially when yon consider the
dispatch of Squire, that the strongest in-
fluences" are working for him. All that
this preamble alleges is that there is such
a discrepancy, and that it gives rise to sus-
picion. Can anybody doubt it?
Then comes the next clause :
"Whereas the good name of tlio American Gov-
ernment seems to bo seriously compromised by these
incidents, and a just regard to national honor, as
■well as to the interests of the Treasury, requiro
that they should not be allowed to pass without tho
most thorough inquiry."
Sir, is not the American name compromised
by these these incidents? They are hawked
about through the capitals of Europe at this
very moment, and always mentioned to our
disparagement. They are and will be a living
scandal until explained.
The Senator from Wisconsin says nobody
suspects us. What an illusion I The Law
Journal of Paris contains a formal report of
the testimony of M. Le Cesne, where he states
distinctly under oath that he dealt directly
with the American Government, and that ho
had even a contract or engagement with that
Government that all the arms should be put
on board the steamers free of charge. Add
now the communication of our minister, Mr.
Bancroft, at Berlin, letting us know that even
there, under the eyes of the emperor of Ger-
many, there is the public statement that arms
were supplied by the Vv'ar Department at
Washington.
Sir, are we not suspected? We have heard
of the story more than once in this debate
of the ostrich putting his head in the sand
and then imagining that his body is not vis-
ible. Senators imitate the ostrich. The Sen-
ator from Indiana says we are not suspected,
and there is no occasion for inquiry. How
does he answer these things in the papers of
Europe? Does he suppose that they are un-
read? And being read, must we not he sus-
pected? Perhaps unjustly; but there must be
suspicion. It cannot be otherwise.
Now, I ask whether our good name does not
suffer from such things? Sir, I am jealous for
my country. I am anxious that it should be
great and glorious among the nations; but I
know that it cannot have that high palm unless
it has always the character of justice. It can-
not be under suspicion. What is a suspected
character ?
And now I come to what seemed to be the
great point of the Senator from Indiana, that
the movement of my friend from Missouri and
myself is unpatriotic, being, as he argues, most
earnestly against our country. He says we are
making a case for Prussia. This is his last
argument, at the very close of the discussion.
1 ask you, sir, in all simplicity, if it is not an
excuse, a pretext, a subterfuge, to avoid the
realissuc? Making a case for Prussia! There
was no occasion to make such a case. Prus-
sia alroady knows all that the Senator knows.
Prussia knows that the chairman of the French
commission has testified in open court that he
dealt directly with our Government in the pur-
chase of arms. Prussia knows that the lead-
ing journal of Europe has alleged distinctly
that the War Department at Washington sup-
plied arms. What, then, are we communicat-
ing to Prussia? Nothing. But my friend fro m
Indiana mistakes the case. Plainly, sir, we
arc making no case for Prussia. We are try-
ing to establish purity in our own Government,
and to relieve it from scandal, that is all. It
there are guilty persona, let them be found
out, and then the country will not suffer from
their misconduct. If there are no such per-
sons, then again is the country relieved.
Two things 1 had in view particularly when
I brought forward this motion. The lirst was
to correct ourselves if we had fallen into error
to the end that good government might pre-
vail ; the second was to prevent our example
from being used against ourselves hereafter
so as to become a precedent. I ask you if
such a purpose is wanting in patriotism ? I
differ from Senators, valued friends, who would
try to cover anything, who would play here a
game of hugger-mugger, thinking that in that
way lliey perform a patriotic duty. No, sir;
patriotism seeks the light. " Give me to see "
is its aspiration ; nor do t desire anything for
my country that can be obtained only through
the ways of darkness. But if this inquiry is
unpatriotic, pray why do Senators declare their
readiness to vote for it? Their true course
must be to vote against it. But permit me to
say that when they declare their purpose to
vote for it, they practically answer their own
cry that it is unpatriotic.
Why, sir, the Senator from Wisconsin and
the Senator from Indiana have certainly for-
gotten the case that Mr. Cobden made in the
British Parliament against England. It be-
comes now of peculiar importance, because
our own Government, in setting forth its case
for the tribunal at Geneva, has introduced his
words. The speech was on the 13th of May,
1864, long after the Alabama had sailed, long
alter a large part of those losses had accumu-
lated for which we are now seeking damages.
What did this English patriot say ? 1 call upon
the Senator to listen. Addressing the English
] Parliament, he cried out:
| " You have been carrying on hostilities from these
j shores against the people of tho United States, and
' have been inflicting an amount of damage on that
I country greater than would be produced by many
ordinary wars. It is estimated that tho loss sus-
tained by tho capture and burningol American ves-
sels has been about fifteon million dollars, or nearly
threo million pounds sterling. But that is a small
part of the injury which has been inflicted on tho
American marine. We have rendered t'ao rest of
her mercantile property for tho present valueless."
Again he says in another part of the same
speech:
"But what I do fear in the relations between these
two nations of the same race, is the heaping up of
a gigantic material grievance, such as we are now
accumulating by tho transactions conneetod with
these cruisers: because therois a vast amount of
individual suffering, personal wrong, and personal
rancor arising out of this matter, and that in a
country where popular feeling rules in public
affairs."
Again, says the patriot orator:
"Why, if you had gone and helped the confeder-
ates by bombarding altthe accessible sea-port towns
of America, a fow lives might llavo beonlost, which,
as it is, have not been sacrificed, but you could
hardly have done more injury in destroying prop-
erty than you have dona by these few cruisers,"
Sir, those were the words of Mr. Cobden in
open Parliament after these cruisers had sailed,
and they are now used by our Government as
testimony against England. Was this great
parliamentarian unpatriotic when he thus tried
to arrest his country in the way of wrong?
The Senator from Wisconsin nod3 his head.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the Senator insists
on translating my nod I must state what I
nodded to. 1 say Mr. Cobden was not unpa-
triotic if he was endeavoring to arrest tho
course of his Government. If after that
course had been taken he was bearing testi-
mony against his Government in favor of
ours, 1 say he was unpatriotic.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; ImeetthcSen-
ator. He was precisely in the case described
by the Senator.
Mr. CARPENTER. Then he was unpa-
triotic.
Mr. SUMNER. He was holding up to Par-
liament as in a mirror what it had done and
the damages it might be called to pay.
Mr, CARPENTER. If I am right in my
understanding of the word " patriotic," ho
was unpatriotic in doing that.
Mr. SUMNER. I differ from the Senator.
I believe he is the best patriot who seeks most
truly to place his country in the right. Right,
sir, is the highest thing on earth. It, is higher
than country, higher than man, and he who
serves the right cannot err.
Mr. CARPENTER. The question is whether
he or his country must settle what is right.
Mr. SUMNER. I go into no ingenious
question of casuistry. It is enough that he
condemned the course of his country; and
here I quote his remarkable words, which are
so employed to sustain our case at Geneva.
The Senator has given us his judgment. He
considers that Mr. Cobden was unpatriotic.
Very well. Let history judge between the
Senator from Wisconsin and that illustrious
statesman.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator, I am
sure, does not desire to misrepresent me. I
understand that when Mr. Cobden said that,
he was, as the Senator himself has just ex-
pressed it, trying to arrest a pending proceed-
ing on the part of the British Government.
He said, "You have done these things; these
vessels are now carrying out and executing
the wrong which you permitted them to do."
He was protesting against a pending, existing,
proceeding thing. He was patriotic in doing
that. But I do say, that if after the Alabama
had finished lier cruise, after the wrong was
all committed, Mr. Cobden or Mr. Bright or
any other man iu the British Parliament Lad
raised a committee of investigation for the
purpose of putting on record and taking de
bene esse testimony against his Government in
favor of ours, he would not have filled my idea
of a patriotic man.
Mr. SUMNER. I am sorry for the Senator.
Mr. CARPENTER. You need not be.
Mr. SUMNER. And I am not at all sorry
for Mr. Cobden. I think that the name of
Richard Cobden will stand even against the
criticism of my friend.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator from
Massachusetts is more unfair than usual. 1 do
