3982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
The report of General Pope shows that the
officers out there have occupied quarters suffi-
cient to accommodate four companies of cav-
alry, and are now holding them for their own
accommodation. Instead of going into town
and renting rooms, they are occupying these
quarters and forcing the men into narrower
limits. And what are we called upon to do?
It is said that the sum of $350,000 is wanted
for this purpose, and it is proposed to give
$200,000 this year.
I predict that the expense to the Govern-
ment will not be less than half a million dol-
lars if we allow these matters to go on in this
style. Let not members reflect that this year's
appropriations ends the matter. This is but the
beginning.
But it' we come to consider the question of
establishing a cavalry depot, we find that even
this is not a proper point. It will accom-
modate all the troops needed in that region, as
it has done. There are other points of equal
importance for this purpose. The Northern
Pacific railroad crosses the Missouri river
four hundred miles perhaps above this point.
Ijihere does that railroad go? It goes directly
into the country of the Sioux and other hostile
Indians. It is at that point, if anywhere,
that these troops must be supplied. Why
come down four or live hundred miles to
Leavenworth to get supplies to be conveyed on
steamboat to the crossing of the Northern
Pacific railroad, and from there shipped to the
place where the cavalry must operate? The
cavaly as a general thing must operate, if any
wherein that region, against the Sioux Indians;
and these points are west of the crossing of
Missouri river by the Northern Pacific rail-
road. There is no railroad running in a north-
westwardly direction from Leavenworth, so as
to pierce Colorado, Dakota, and Montana; and
I venture the prediction that there will not be
such a road within twenty years. Turning to the
southward, if gentlemen will look at the map
they will see that, instead of making Leaven-
worth a cavalry depot for Texas or for the
Indian country, we must have a nearer posi-
tion for such supplies.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We have one.
Mr. COBCJRN. Where?
Mr. GAltFIELD, of Ohio. In New Mexico.
Mr. COBCJEN. Fort Union in New Mex-
ico is five hundred or more miles beyond the
furthest region where troops would have to be
supplied in order to take care of the Indians
in their territory. New Mexico is away be-
yond Colorado. If gentlemen will study geog-
raphy a little, they will find that Fort union
is seven hundred miles from the place where
troops ought to be supplied in order to take
care of the Indians in the Indian territory.
No one would think of going out there to sup-
ply troops^ to take care of Indians in that ter-
ritory. If you make a depot of supplies in
New Mexico it must be to operate against the
Apache Indians in Arizona and down along
the Rio Grande.
While this depot at Leavenworth may for a
year or two be of considerable advantage, it
■will not be so for any length of time. The
frontier is five hundred or a thousand miles
further west. It is out toward the mount-
ains. The supplies for the greater part of
the year will have to be sent out upon the
Pacific railroads. The cavalry when the cold
season sets in will have to be brought in on
the cars at great expense or marched a month
across the plains in order to reach Fort Leaven •
worth.
Fort Gibson was built up quite recently at
an expense of S500,000, and it has been aban-
doned. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] talks about other appropriations being
for the erection of only temporary quarters.
I have no information of that kind. We are
asked to erect the same kind of quarters that
we have been erecting from year to year. We
have been spendm ghundreds of thousands of
dollars from Texas to the British, line for
forts, barracks, quarters, &c., which have
for the most part become useless.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now yield to
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.]
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, the only
argument in favor of this measure seems to
be that it ia recommended by certain Army
officers. If the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations will listen to the arguments
which Army officers make in seeking appropri-
tions he will find the bottom of our Treasury
very quickly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Did I not state
that this appropriation is recommended as a
measure of economy to avoid the expense of
erecting new quarters?
Mr. HOLMAN. It is recommended simply
by Army officers; while every man who has
been here from Kansas, so far as I know, has
said, just as my colleague [Mr. Coburn] has
said, that for all public purposes there is no
reason why a single additional dollar should
be spent at Fort Leavenworth. It is a com-
mon rumor about this Capitol, and has been
ever since this appropriation of $200,000 was
proposed, that it is simply a big job for the ex-
penditure of this large sum at that point for
the benefit of certaiu ambitious gentlemen.
This appropriation struck me from the o>.tset
as entirely unjustifiable ; and all my inquiries
since has led me to the belief that there is no
public necessity for it.
Leavenworth is from five hundred to one
thousand miles east of the field of operations
of our Army. Gentlemen talk of transporting
Army supplies from Fort, Leavenworth; they
speak as it' Fort Leavenworth were right upon
the frontier, when in point of fact for hun-
dreds and hundreds of miles westward the
country is under a fine state of cultivation,
with thriving villages, towns, and cities.
Where shall we have our depot of supplies?
Away toward the Indian region where our
forces are likely to be employed.
The Army, sir, is sufficiently expensive.
We have expended vast sums of money in
erecting forts, and it seems to me that the idea
of making this further expenditure at Fort
Leavenworth is entirely unjustifiable.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, I yield five
minutes to my colleague on the Committee
on Appropriations, the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, [Mr. Sargent.]
Mr. SARGENT. I do not desire to detain
the House at any length, but I would like to
remark that it' this House cannot accept the
opinions upon a purely military matter of the
General of the Army, of the Secretary of War,
of the general in command of the district
where the appropriation is required ; if upon
recommendations like this we cannot act safely
on a proposition with regard to the canton-
ment of the troops, providing them with ac-
commodations in the far West, then it seems
to me we can rely upon nothing whatever.
I am disposed on all matters coming within
the scope of the Committee on Military Affairs,
or of any other committee, to yield much def-
erence to the views of the chairman of that
committee. But where I find that his view is
in direct opposition to the recommendations
of the very highest military authorities, of gen-
tlemen whose character is a guarantee that
they can have no ulterior motive, and where
they give every reason distinctly stated, and
growing out of the nature of the case, why an
appropriation like this ought to be made—1
say that such authority and such reasons are
worthy of the respectful consideration of the
House.
Now, in his usual strain, says the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Holmas,] "This is a
job!" When a proposition was before Con-
gress to sell the reservation it was a job, ac
cording to that gentleman. And now, when
it is proposed to make it available and to pro-
vide proper accommodations for the, troops
which must be stationed there and which can-
not be pushed further west, to be subsisted,
again it is a job! It is almost time that this
should cease. When we had the tariff up we
had these gentlemen declaring that every
proposition in the nature of a tariff was steal-
ing, tlfe logical result of which was that every
gentleman who voted for such a proposition
was a thief. No legislation can be brought
bere without our ears being assailed by the
cry that it is a job, that it is a proposition
to rob the people. I say the American Con-
gress is not fairly liable to such imputations,
and especially in dealing with a measure like
this, for which we have the recommendations
of the highest military authorities, and which
gentlemen representing that region say they
themselves know to be judicious.
Now, sir, if there can be any proposition
brought before the House which deserves its
favorable consideration on account of being
supported by the recommendations of the De-
partment and of officers whose characters are
above reproach and who fortify their recom-
mendations by sound reasons, it is the very
proposition before the House. I trust, sir, the
House will adopt the recommendation of the
Committee on Appropriations. The commit-
tee have given this matter a particular exam-
ination ; they have visited the Departments to
make inquiries in regard to it; they have
looked into the figures; they have looked at
the estimates and at the necessity of the ap-
propriation. And under these circumstances
I trust the House will coincide with the recom-
mendation of the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and recede from its disagreement to the
Senate amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield five
minutes to the gentleman from Kansas, [Mr.
Lowe.J
Mr. LOWE. I do not desire to detain the
House with any extended remarks. I do
desire, however, to occupy a moment in cor-
recting the statement of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Cobcrn,] the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, when he said
that the only object of this appropriation is to
provide for two additional companies of cavalry.
In that statement the gentleman is entirely
mistaken, as a matter of fact.
The works of Fort Leavenworth were ori-
ginally designed for a regiment of cavalry of ten
companies. Accommodations were provided
for six or eight companies. And the fact is
that the accommodations originally provided
for barracks for men have been appropriated,
and on account of the paucity of accommoda-
tions are now appropriated for officers' quar-
ters ; so that the present accommodation is
not nearly sufficient for the number of com-
panies originally contemplated. The Depart-
ment wishes to enlarge the accommodations,
so that they shall be sufficient for ten com-
panies or an entire regiment, of cavalry.
It is said that these accommodations are
not necessary because they are not situated
in the midst of the Indian country. Do gen-
tlemen on this floor contend that all tlie° ac-
commodations for the Army should be put on
the frontier, in the actual theater of hostile
operations? With an army of thiriy thousand
men lor the purpose of protecting ourfrontiers,
shou'd we not, as a matter of necessity, pro-
vide supplies for the troops at point*" where
they can be wintered and subsisted and from
which they can be detailed to points where
there may be actual operations in the field ?
That is the object ot this appropriation for
the improvement of Fort Leavenworth. It is
to make a station and depot at which you may
collect the army of the West and subsist it in
winter quarters and have provisions and sup-
plies and accommodations for men and tor
horses with all the necessary equipments for the
army in the West. As to the charge that this
is a job, it comes from that quarter from which
we are in the habit of hearing such charges,
while we hear from it nothing in support of
the Army or of the Navy or of internal im-
provements. I attach no importance whatever
