1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
399
land, Swann, Syphcr, Terry, Thomas, Turner, Tut-
hill,Twichell, Upson, Van Trump, Vnughan, Voor-
hees, Waddell, Wakeman, Wallace, Warren, Wells,
Wheeler. Whitetey, Whitthorne, Wilkird, Williams
of New York, John T. Wilson, Winchester, and
Wood—171.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Beatty, Baffinton, Co-
burin Conger, Bunnell, Goodrich, Hoar, Killinger,
Lansing, Lowe, Maynard, McCrary, McJunkm, Mer-
cur, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Porter, Hainey,
Rusk, Sceley, Shanks, Sprague, Taffe, Washington
Townsend, Tyner, Waldron. Walls, and Jeremiah
11. Wilson—31.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ayerill, Bigby,
Benjamin P. Sutler. Roderick R. Butler, Camp-
bell, Freeman Clarke, Cobb. Cox, Creely, DeLarge,
Elliott, Faruswortk, Henry D. Foster, Harmer,
llavens, Hays. Kendnll. M(-Kinney, Moore. Mor-
phis, Ncgley, Perce, Eli Perry, looters, Piatt, Robin-
son, Rogers, Sargent, Shober, Stoughton. Stowell,
St. John, Dwight Townsend, Walden, Williams of
Indiana, and Young—37.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill (H. It. No.
1050) was passed.
C0U11TS IN VIRGINIA.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I ask unanimous
jonsent to introduce a bill, for consideration at
this time, to change the times for holding cir-
cuit and district courts of the United States lor
the western distiict of Virginia.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read, after
which the Chair will ask for objections, if any,
to the consideration of the bill at this time.
The bill, which was read, ptovides that, in-
stead of the terms now fixed by law, the cir-
cuit and di tuct courts of the United States
for the western dts'r ct of Virginia :.;naU here-
after be held as follows: at Danville, on the
Tuesday alter the fourth Monday of February
and August; at Lynchburg', on the Tuesday
after the thiid Monday of Match and Septem-
ber; at Harrisonburg, on the Tuesday after
the second Monday of April and October, and
at Abingdon, on the Tuesday after the fourth
Monday of May and October; and that all
recognizances, indictments, or other proceed-
ings, civil or criminal, now pending in either
of said courts, shall be entered and have day
in court, and be heard and tried according to
the times of holding said courts as herein pro-
vided.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. This is a bill
drawn up by the judge himself, and 1 ask that
it be now passed lor the convenience of the
court.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I move that the
rules be suspended in order to pass the bill.
I will state that it has been prepared by Judge
Rives on consubanon with his associate,
Judge Bond. The courts are now about to be
held, and this change of time is desired at
once.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let the bill be
referred to a committee.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. There isnof
time for that, as the courts, according to the
time now fixed by law, would meet next
month.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the bill ap-
plied to only one term I would not object, but
I do not think it proper to change the law gen-
erally on application of a single judge.
On the motion to suspend the rules there
were—ayes 02, noes 36.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended, and the bill (H. R.
No. 1051) was passed.
CONSUL AT TIKN-TSIN.
Ml1. BINGHAM, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 1054) to regulate
the salary of the consul at Tien-Tsin ; which
was read a lirst, and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Itl'.i.lHSB OF W. G. IIALPINE.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Reaolvnl, That the President, if not incompatible
with the public interest, communicate to this House
any unuublishedoorrespondence between the British
Government ai'd our own relannprto the releaieof
the Fenian m'i-ouer. William t}. Halpme.
MILITARY i'OIlCH IN KANSAS.
Mr. KERR, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was re-
fen ed to the Committee on Military Affairs:
Itemlvnl. That there be appointed by the Speaker
a select committee of three memhors of the House,
with full power to send fur persons and papers,
whose duty it shall be to ascertain and report
whether the military force ofthe United states, now
stationed in Cherokee county, Kansas, is necessary
to maintain the public peace and order or to enforce
the laws m said county, and whether the same is not
productive of much injury to the best interests of
the people of said county, and whether the public
welfare does not demand that said force be at once
withdrawn therefrom.
JOSEPH PA11KIXS.
Mr. IIAZLETON, of Wisconsin, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (II. II. No.
1052) for the relief of Joseph Parkins ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Expenditures.
RELIEF OF NAVAL OFKICKKS.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1053) for the re-
lief of certain officers of the Navy who were
dropped, furloughed, or retired under the act,
of February 28, 1855 ; which was read a 'irst
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
ADDITIONAL JJODNTIKS.
Mr. 1IOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce, for action at the piesent, time, a
bill which 1 presume will receive the favorable
consideration of every gentleman here. It is
a bill to extend the time for presenting claims
for addiiional bounties.
Mr. PETERS. 1 object, and move that the
House now adjourn.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I move to suspend the
rules that the bill may bo read and put on its
passage.
The SPEAKER. Doesthegentleman from
Maine [Mr. 1'etehs] insist upon his motion to
adjourn?
'Mr. PETERS. 1 do.
The motion was agieed to, there being—ayes
115, noes 22.
Accordingly (at three o'clock and twenty
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
I'KTITIONS, liTO.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. AMBLER: A petition of 125 Unnui
soldiers of Columbiana county, Ohio, praying
for the passage of a law granting to each Union
soldier in the late war, who has been honorably
discharged, a warrant for one hundred and sixty
acres ofthe public lands. _
By Mr. AMES: The petition of liaiwrard
Turner and others, for the repeat of the lax
oil savings batiks.
Also, the petition of Albert Tirrell and
others, of South Weymouth, Massachusetts,
for the repeal or modification of the tax on
savings institutions.
By Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts : The
peti ion of Mary O'Neill, widow of Thomas
O'Neill, major in the second New Jersey light
artillery, praying for compensation for horse
and equipments'captured by the enemy in the
late war ot the rebellion.
By Mr. BUPF1NTON: The memorial of
George Cobb and IIS others, trustees and citi-
zens of Nantucket, Massachusetts, praying for
the repeal ofthe tax on savings banks.
By Mr. CHIP MAN : A memorial of prop-
erty-owners on Pennsylvania avenue, lor dam-
ages in paving same mid chmig'ng grade.
Also, the petition of the District of Colum-
bia, to be reimbursed for money expended bv
the city of Washington^ in constructing the
market-house, corner of Seventh street and
Pennsylvania avenue.
Also, a petition of several hundred citizens,
asking the passage of a law allowing assign-
ment of pay by Government employes.
By Mr. COX: The petition of P. W. Engs,
J. T. Smith, and others, citizens of New York
city, against the present tax on savings banks.
Also, the petition of Henry Clement, Henry
Bogert, and others, citizens of New York city,
for relief from the onerous taxes on savings
banks.
By Mr. DONNAN : The petition of Robert
Ray and others* pensioners of the United
States and citizens of Iowa, praying for the
payment of pensions by postmasters.
Also, the petition of A. H. Stuart and 133
others, citizens of Iowa, praying for the pas-
sage of a bill equalizing the bounties of
Union soldiers in the late war, and also for an
act granting bounty lauds to the extent of one
lumdred and sixty acres to each honorably dis-
charged soldier and sailor in the late war for
the suppression of the rebellion.
By Mr. DOX: The petition o'Mohn F. Thom-
asou, S. E. Dobbs, R. A. McSpadden, and
others, who aie tax-payers ot the State of
Alabama, praying for t.uiff ieform.
Also, the petition of J. S. Burton, of Cle-
burne comi'y, Alabama, foi the removal of tho
political disabilities of Baitlett, Owens
Bv Mr. DUULL: The peti'ion of Lieuten-
ant Thomas Simins, of company G, seventy-
sixth regiment New York volunteers, praying
compensation for four months' service, as
lieutenant of infantry dating tho war lot
the mppression of the rebellion.
Also, the memorial of Joseph Dyer, of
Pompev, Onondaga county, New York, for a
pension for services in the war of 1812.
Also, the petition of Horace Wheaton, Ma-
noah Pratt, Dr. Johial Stearns, and others,
citizens of Onondaga county. New York, pray-
ing that a pension be granted to Joseph Dyer,
Also, tho petition of Allen Munroe, D. P.
Wood, and others, citizens of Syracuse, New
York, praying that the tax upon deposits of
stviogs bank be abolished.
Bv Mr. DUKE: The peiition of M. S. Lang-
home and 220otheis, citizens of Lynchburg,
Virginia, in favor of a uniform rate of tax on
all descriptions of manufactured tobacco en-
tering the mirket for consumption, at the rate
of sixteen cents per pound.
By Mr. EAMES: The petition of Elias
Whitney, for arreais of pension.
Also, the petition of Mary A. Diamond,
depondentinother of Thomas Diamond, private
of companies G anil 11, fourteenth United
Stales infantry, for a pension.
By Mr KLDRIDGlfl: A petition of pen-
sioners of the State of Wisconsin, for amend-
ment of the pension laws, so as to require the
payment of pensions through the posr, offices.
By Mr. FRYE: The petition of John L.
Parker and others, for change in pension laws.
By Mr. GARFllCLD, of Ohio: A pt-thiou
of pensioners ot Ohio, for payment of pen-
sions through cost nasieis.
By Mr. I1ALDEMAN : A peti b-n of 500
citizens of York c urn y, Pennsylvania, for
such mouitie.uion ot the internal levemu- laws
as will remove ceit-iin ih trg<-s vvbich now dis-
criminate against the small dis.ill^r.
Bv Mr. HANCOCK : The petition of Nancy
\V. Bean, praying for compen-auon for the use
of her piopcrty by the United tate^ in the
const!uction ot Fort Richardson, in 1 exas, in
1847, and for th  drstiue ion of other property
bv the United S'utes Army.
"Also, the peti'ion of Stanbeny Cooper and
Sarah Cooper, hisub'e, ptaying for compen-
sation for the use of her property by the United
States in the construction of For; Richudson,
in Texas, and for the destruction of other
property by the United Suites Army.
By Mr HARRIS, of Mississippi: A petition
of citizens of Marsh til county, Mississippi, ask-
ing for the refunding of cotton tax levied in
1805, 1800, and 1807.
Also, a petition of citizens of Alcorn county,
Mississippi, for lefnnding of the laies paid on
cotton in the years 1865. 18UG, and 1807.
By Mr. HOAR: The memorial of Dr. Charles
