1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3983
to this everlasting cry of job, of which there is
110 proof. I hope the House will recede from its
disagreement to tbeamendmentof the Senate.
Mr. COBURN. I wish to say just a word
or two. Gentlemen have shifted their ground
a little in the course of this discussion. At
first it was stated that this was to be a great
place for cavalry. Now it is said to be a great
place for generals' headquarters. It was claimed
that these works were necessary to provide
large and extensive accommodations for cav-
alry, and to furnish a depot of supplies for
them. But we find that it has dwindled down
to but two companies. I would like to know
what great advantage is to be gained by this ?
How much is to be saved?
I wish to call the attention of the House to
the point which I had ^ust reached when ad-
dressing the House before, that it is useless to
set up this argument that this is intended only
for the accommodation of two more companies
of cavalry. They have room enough there for
ten companies now, and this money is not
demanded for any such purpose.
I read from General Pope's report to show
what this money is asked for:
"FortLeavenworth was built originally for a cav-
alry post. It contains barracks and quarters for ten
companies. Tne barracks for four companies are
now used (though badly fitted for the purpose) tor
the offices of department headquarters and the sffi-
cers' quarters for the officers of the dopartmentstatf
and the depot.
"Appropriation should be made for constructing
Suitable buildings for department officers and quar-
ters for officers belonging to the department staff
elsewhere on the reservation.
"The depot buildings should be enlarged and con-
venience ot storage of public supplies increased.
By these means the entire postcouid be given up to
the cavalry. During the summer one building for
barracks for two companies should be put up, so that
the post would hold twelve cotnpa-nies of cavalry.
The quarters for officers for that number of com-
panies are already built.
" X therefore ask that the Secretary of War rec-
ommend a special appropriation for these purposes
of $350,000, to be expended under his direction, and
in accordance with plans approved by him."
I say it is idle to talk about cavalry quar-
ters. They do not pretend anything of that
sort. What they do propose is to erect im-
mense buildings as headquariers of the Army,
with some stables for an excuse. That is tlie
use they will make of this appropriation ; it is
to erect splendid residences, palaces, at Fort
Leavenworth for these Army officers. If they
proposed only to extend the cavalry barracks,
that could easily be accomplished for much
less money, but that is not the intention, and
I therefore think it just to put this matter on
the proper ground. If you wish to make this
headquarters for cavalry, then erect barracks
and siables for five or six regiments ; do what
you say you intend to do, and do not talk about
cavalry and get an appropriation for head-
quarter palaces. But that is not what they
wish ; they care nothing for the cavalry, but
on the contrary the desire is to erect palaces
for these officers. Why not let the officers
who need residences go into the city of Leav-
enworth, where they can get ample accommo-
dations at fair rent for the time being? My
word for it, in five years from this time the
Army will notbest.ationed there, but will "fold
its tents like the Arabs, and as silently steal
away" further West into the mountains. Then
Port Leavenworth will be deserted, as are Jef-
ferson bairacks now. These buildings will
be useless and sold for a song. The growth
of the country is not to be measured by any
of the arguments gentlemen bring here. In
five years what will be the population of Ne-
braska and Kansas? According to the ratio
of increase in this country the Indians will
have been shoved backward and backward,
and that whole region will be filled with a
white population. Why, then, build palaces
for these headquarters which will cost almost
half a million dollars, when they will be so
soon deserted? This appropriation is needed
neither for cavalry nor lor headquarters, and
if appropriated will be wasted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will yield now
to my colleague on the committee from Penn-
sylvania two minutes.
Mr. DICKEY. I propose to discuss this
matter without passion or feeling.
Mr. COBURN. [ have neither passion nor
feeling in regard to the matter, but have merely
spoken earnestly.
Mr. DICKEY. The necessity for this ap-
propriation has been recognized by the Depart-
ment and the proper officers time and again.
It is necessary for department headquarters.
When Fort Leavenworth was first established
it was intended only for the accommodation
of a few companies of cavalry. When the
headquarters of the department of the Mis-
souri were removed from Jefferson barracks
to Fort Leavenworth, owing to the exigencies
of the service those cavalry barracks were
occupied as department headquarters. It is
nece*sary that some provision should be made
for the decent accommodation of the depart-
ment headquarters at Fort Leavenworih. The
gentleman from Indiana suggests that these
officers shall go into rented quarters at Fort
Leavenworth, and that the Government will
thereby save the interest on $500,000 a year.
I do not see what that argument has to do with
this ease. We have removed the department
headquarters from Jefferson barracks, which
have been deserted, and now it is necessary to
erect a proper headquarters at Fort Leaven-
worth, which is the headquarters of the
department.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The recom-
mendation ef the Committee on Appropria-
tions is that the House recede from its dis-
agreement, and that will settle the whole mat-
ter, and the bill will go to the President for
his signature. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
41, noes 71.
So the House refused to recede.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to insist and refer
the matter to the same committee of confer-
ence.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKEEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
An act (H. R. No. 183) to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to make partition of
the reservation to Me-shin-go-me-sia, a Miami
Indian;
An act (H. R. No. 400) for the relief of
Jane Allen Birckhead and Virginia Camp-
bell, sole heirs at law of Alexander Watson,
ddccssod*
An aet'(H. R. No. 475) for the relief of
Selah V. Reeve, late quartermaster sergeant
of the fourth Michigan infantry volunteers;
An act (H. R. No. 1070) making appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office
Department for the year ending June 30, 1873;
An act (H. R. No. 1343) supplemental to an
act entitled "An act for the apportionment of
Representatives to Congress among the several
States according to the ninth census
An act (H. R. No. 1390) for the relief of
the sureties of the late Jesse J. Simpkins,
*
An act'(H. R. No. 1422) to take away the
circuit court jurisdiction of the district court
of the United States for the northern district
of Georgia, to create a circuit court in said dis-
trict, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 1552) in relation to the
construction of a new jail for the District of
Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. 1914) to authorize the
President of the United States to negotiate
with the chiefs and head-men of the Shoshone
and Bannock tribes of Indians for the relin-
quishment of a portion of their reservation io
Wyoming Territory;
An act (H. 11. No. 2044) to authorize the
appointment of shipping commissioners by the
several circuit courts of the United States to
superintend the shipping and discharge of sea-
men engaged in merchant ships belouging to
the United States, and for the further protec-
tion of seamen;
An act (fct. 11. No. 2592) granting the right
of way to the Dakota Grand Trunk Railway
Company ;
An act (H. R. No. 2699) to amend an act
entitled "An act to establish and protect na-
tional cemeteries," approved February 22,
1872; and
An act (H. R. No. 2866) further regulating
the construction of bridges across the Missis-
sippi river.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee oil Enrolled Bills, reported that they
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 451) for the relief of Jeffer-
son W. Davis;
An act (S. No. 463) to enable the President
to appoint a Paymaster General of the Army ;
and
An act (S. No. 473) to further the adminis-
tration of justice.
illinois judicial districts.
Mr. "WILSON, of Indiana. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the bill (H. R.
No. 554) to divide the State of Illinois into
three judicial districts, and for other purposes,
be passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I submit that that motion
was made and voted down.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is mis-
taken; "It was not voted down. The gtttitleinan
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] declined to
yield to allow it t,o be made. After the bid of
the gentleman from Massachusetts was dis-
posed of the Chair again recognized the gen-
ileman from Indiana, but he was taken off the
floor by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Dickey,] who presented a report of a
committee of conference.
Mr. POTTER. Does the gentleman seek
to bring the bill before the House for consid-
eration, or to pass it ?
The SPEAKER. He proposes to suspend
the rules and pass it.
Air. POTTER. Then I hope I may be
allowed to say a word upon it.
Mr. PERCE. I object to any debate what-
soever.
Mr. POTTER. Then a bill will be passed
for which there is not the least necessity in the
world.
The question was put on the motion of Mr.
Wilson, of Indiana; and there were—ayes 86,
noes 38; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman, and
Mr. Wilson of Indiana, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 106, noes 35.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill is so manifestly
wrong that I call for the yeas and nays upon it.
Mt. BINGHAM. I object to debate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 136, nays 46, not voting 58; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Archer, Averill, Barnum,
Beatty, Beveridee, Bigby, Biggs, Bingham, Bright,
Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin
i\ Butler, Caldwell, Cobb, Coburn.Coghlan, Conner,
Crebs, Critcher, Crocker, Darrall, Dawes, Donnan,
Duell. Dunnell, Eames, Elliott, Farnsworth. Far-
well, Fiukelnburg, Porker. Charles Foster, Wilder
D.Foster, Frye, Garfield, Garrett, Giddings, Golla-
day, Goodrich, llale, Halsey, Hancock, Hanks, Har-
mer, Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris, Hay,
Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W, Ilazelton, Hill,
Hoar, Kelley, Kellogg, King, Lamison, Lamport,
Lowe, Lynch, Marshall, McGrew, McHenry, Me./un-
kin, MoNeely, Mercur, Jlerrtam, Mitchell, Monroe,
Moore, Morey, Morplns, Leonard Myers, Orr, Pack'
ard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendle
