1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Bright.
Ho. of Reps.
very little revenue is derived, but which enter into
ircnoral use. All such articles X recommend to bo
placed on the " free list." Should a further reduc-
tion prove advisable, I would then rccommend that
it be mode opon those articles which can beat bear
it w^thput disturbing home production, orroducing
tho wages of American labor.'
We ask for no special protection for New
England interests,; the West is quite as much
interested m it as we are. '
«'I say we all ought to be protected alike. All
the States and all the sections of the country
ought to have their fair share of protection.
The tariff should be adjusted so as to afford its
incidental protection to all classes of business.
Now", I say, in closing, that the time has
come for a larger reduction of internal revenue
taxes than any of these bills propose; and I
trust that'ws shall have a bill that will take
off fell internal taxes outside of those I have
mentioned ; and then, whatever further-reduc-
tion may be possible in tariff duties, let it be
made upon articles, a duty upon Which does
not benefit any portibrt of the labor of the
countrv. The labor of this .country has reached
it present standard of prices, by virtue of the
tfcriff we have been obliged to havfe since 1861.
Yon cannot cut down those duties materially
(it the present day without Seriously disturb-
ing the business of the country and reducing
the wages of American labor.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. BRIGHT,
of tbnnkssbb,
Is the' House or Representatives,
May 3, 1872.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union,, and having under considera-
tion the bill (H. E. No. 2322) to reduce duties on
imports, and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes—
Mr. BRIGHT'said: - .
Mr. Chairman : The financial and industrial
interests of a great country like the United
States cannot be shaped and directed by any
narrow-minded statesmanship. I do not mean
to be invidious when I impute a short coming
to, American statesmanship in dealing with
questions too much in detail instead of deal-
ing wit,h them in combination. All the great
questions of banks, tariffs, bonds, ^commerce,
agriculture, manufactures, and civil service
reform have been flagellated int<? tatters in
• detail. Then each performance has gone be-
fore the country disconnected from its political
cognates, leaving the public mind to' make its
own combinations. Few general readers have
the leisure and documentary facilities, if they
had the inclination, to supplement this delin-
quency of out- statesmen by fatiguing and ex-
hausting investigations of their own.
They would even recoil from an investiga-
tion of the tariff bill," reported by our laborious
Committee of Wayrf and Means, with its
"thousand and one" items and its bristling
columns of figures, with references to other
tariffs and other fields of arithmetical jungles.
It has been truly remarked by Frederick
Basiiat in his Harmonies of Political Econ-
omy, " that ail legitimate interests are in
harmony." The converse of this proposition
is also true, that the derangement of one in-
terest will interrupt tbe whole. It may be said
that, all the elements of national industry stand
in relation to each other like algebraic quan-
lines, and it is the part of a wise and compre-
hensive-statesmanship so to adjust these ele-
ments. as to work out the grand equation of
national prosperity. Therefore it is insisted
that our various national interests are so anlli-
ated that they should be treated together, not
in the details of each but in the relations of
each to the others. See the number of attend-
ant interests which collect around the tariff as
a common center! The tariff furnishes the
pretext for raising revenue, the revenue is to
pay the national bonds, the bonds furnish the
capital for the banks, and the banks are turned
loose to reap in every field of industry ; while
in the adjustment of the tariff our commercial,
manufacturing, mechanical, and generallabor
interests are affected as collaterals.
Let Congress by legislative interference put
our manufacturing establishments on the hos-
pital list, and shelter them under protective
bounties, then all the industries cry out against
the favoritism and demand a compensating
benefit. The whale fisheries have a bounty.
Commerce must have a monopoly of the coast-
ing trade. Mail steamers must have subsidies
by the million. Ship-builders and mariners
with mournful eloquence demand the rebuild-
ing of our dilapidated commerce. The me-
chanics band together into trades unions and
labor leagues for their protection. Agricul-
ture utters its heart groans and complains that
it has to bear upon its broad back the Govern-
ment, public debt, and all the oilier industries,
and feebly tries to protect itself by " agricul-
tural societies" and " farmers'clubs. " while
the Government would appease its clamor
with the munificent recognition of an "agri-
cultural report " and an "imported seed,"
for experiment, to every thousandth man.
And last, though not least, the railroads, with
cormorant rapacity, would swallow up our
whole" public domain. This embodied antag-
onism of American industries^ challenges the
consideration of every American statesman.
These forces are known in our modern politi-
cal canons by the name of "rings. "
These disturbing elements indicate that there
is something wrong in the administrative
functions of the Government. A searching
scrutiny will detect'the disorder iti a vicious
revenue aud protective system. It is con-
ceded that there is an ample constitutional
power to collect tares, direct and indirect, to
pay the debts and legitimate expenses of the
Government. To this extent taxaiion is not
political oppression. It is also conceded that
legitimate taxes may be justified on sound
principles of political economy, to wit, the
exchange of labor for labor, or service for
service. The executive, judicial, and legisla-
tive officers of the Government, the Army, the
Navy, and all subordinate civil functionaries
render service for which they should be paid a
fair compensation.
By whom should they be paid? As a gen-
eral rule all, all, should pay, and pay in pro-
portion to their means. The burdens of Gov-
ernment, like the diffusion of atmospheric
pressure, should rest upon all the people and
property. But suppose the Government, in
the adjustment of its tariff, through paitialit.y,
should impose the burden of its support upon
one class, or unequally among different classes.
Then it has violated a principle of equality,
equity, and justice, disturbed the harmony of
the industries, and laid a sure foundation for
national discontent. Has the Government
committed this reprehensible folly and iniquity ?
Let us see.
Men are not apt to cry out unless they are
hurt. We hear the tones of discontent peal-
ing through the land from the great industries
of agriculture, mechanics, arid commerce
against the unequal and ruinous adjustment
of the tariff.
Manufacturers alone have no complaints to
make; but they are always ready to thunder
forih a quia timet protest against the reduc-
tion of any duties which would admit of for-
eign competition. There is an aggregate of
about six nundred million dollars invested in
manufactures in the United States. What
does this large capital and its enormous profits
pay toward the support of the national Gov-
ernment? Comparatively nothing.
They pay a trifle by their personal .consump-
tion of tea, coffee, sugar, tobacco, and per-
haps one or two other articles. But the, hum-
blest laborer in the fields has as great personal
capacity for the consumption of these articles
as the wealthiest manufacturer, and perhaps
pays more than he does to the Government in
their consumption.
But whatever trifle the manufacturer may
have to pay he gets a thousand-fold remuner-
ation in the'royal protection of his Govern-
ment. He is on the inside the gates of com-
merce, and escapes the duty tribute to the sup-
port of his Government. The farmer, mechanic,
and day laborer are the consumers of dutiable
goods, and thus they pay the taxes for the sup-
port of the Government. The manufacturer a
neck has never been indurated by the yoke of
taxation. He chafed and fretted under the
income tax until the Government gently lifted
it off. This is bad enough, but it is not all.
The fanner, mechanic, and laborer have not
only to support the Government and pay its
debts, but, on the top of these, they, in the con-
sumption of protected goods, pay bounty and
support the manufacturers in pompous munifi-
cence, who, under shelter of the Government,
can raise the price of their goods to the high-
water mark of protection.
This protection is in the nature of a pen-
sion bounty, which goes to. the manufacturer
and not to the Government. The Govern-
ment does not have the money to pay, and it
can afford to be liberal at the people s expense.
Of course the manufacturers do not complain
of a burden which they do not feel.
But let us look at the sum of this burden.
The amount of taxes collected on imported
goods during the last fiscal year amounted to
$20(5,270,408. There would be a protection
bounty, not only to the extent of this amount,
but the protection would extend to all the
home manufacturessimilar in kindtothe duti-
able goods. It has been carefully estimated
that the people of the United States consume
about four and one half limes as much as the
dutiable goods imported. But assuming that
tbey pay four times as much, then they pay
four times $206,470,408. or $825,880,632, one
fourth to the Government aud three fourths to
the manufacturers, bating what little the man-
ufacturers pay themselves. The result is that
the manufacturer is not only exempted from
paying a fair proportion to the expenses of the
Government, but through the artificial con-
trivance of the tariff he is sluicing and making
enormous profits out of the other industries of
the country. Any system which works out
such a result is manifestly wrong and calls for a
remedy. The pretext which called the protect-
ive policy into existence in our Government
has long since ceased to exist. The doctrine
was founded in the idea that it was a national
duty to encourage the home manufacture of
war materials to make ua independent of
foreign nations. When we grew to be great
and powerful, and we were ashamed to own a
ridiculous timidity, the protectionists changed
the cry into protection for American labor!
The manufacturer, with the bleating elo-
quence of a starveling calf, was let to the
Government udder, and he has been tugging
away since, until he has grown to_ huge pro-
portions, and now moves about with a lum-
bering, pig-metal tread, roaring like a very
bull of Bashan, full-horned, and goring every
other industry from the Government manger.
It is high time our Government was tying a
wisp upon its horns, as the old Romans did
with their dangerous bovines, to give notice
of their goring and unlawful foraging propen-
sities. But we drop tbe figure. The manu-
facturer cries out for protection to American
labor I Why not cry out for protection against
the immigration of the foreign laborer, and
protection from his competitifin? No; his
