3088
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
principal and interest of the bonds shall be
made payable in the city of Washington, or
in the city of New York. Such amount of
the bonds or their proceeds as is necessary
is to be applied and strictly held to make good
the trust funds, on which there is a deficiency
of $286,317 58. The holders of any of the
floating debts shall have the privilege of con-
verting the same, or any part thereof, at par,
for an equal amount of the bonds proposed to
be issued under this act.
The second section empowers the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the District of Columbia to
cause to be levied upon and collected from all
taxable property of the city of Washington
within its limits a tax, annually, which shall
be sufficient to pay the interest upon the bonds
provided for, and to create a sinking fund
sufficient to retire them at maturity, the tax
to be collected at the same time and iu the
same manner as general annual taxe3 are
collected in the District; but the aggregate
amount of taxes in any one year, excepting
such additional assessments as may be made
for improvements specially authorized by law,
shall not exceed two per cent, on the assessed
cash valuation of property in the city.
By the third section the collector of the Dis-
trict of Columbia is to pay over to the com-
missioners, upon their requisition, being first
certified by the auditor and the comptroller
of said District, all the moneys collected by
virtue of this act, with which moneys the com-
missioners shall pay or cause to be paid tlie
coupons or interest on the bonds issued by
them under the piovisions of the act; and the
residue, as a sinking fund, the commissioners
are to invest in the bonds issued by them, or
in any bonds of the District of Columbia or
of the late corporations of the cities of Wash-
ington or Georgetown, and they are to cause
•' to be placed on record in the office of the
register of the District a full and complete
report of all their acts herein on or before the
1st day of January of each year, and also to
make a report of the same to the Legisla-
tive Assembly at the commencement of each
regular session thereof.
The fourth section provides that the bonds
shall be issued in the name of the District of
Columbia, and shall show that they are so
issued in payment of the liabilities of the city
of Washington, found to be due at the time
and in the manner provided in the first section,
and the bonds shall be signed by a majority
of the commissioners and countersigned by the
_ register and the comptroller of the District;
and a proper register shall be kept in the office
of the register of the District of the number,
denomination, date of issue, and to whom
issued.
The fifth section disapproves and declares
void so much of the act passed at the late
extra session of the Legislative Assembly of
the District of Columbia, entitled "An act
providing for the payment of the debts of the
late corporation of Washington," approved
January 19, 1872, levying taxes on real and
personal property iu the city of Washington
to pay the debt and the interest on the debt
of the late corporation of Washington, as
conflicts with the provisions of this act.
sec,tiou disapproves and declares
Vi? -r^8 °' Legislative Assembly of
i n ^Lstrict Columbia, approved August
IP.' entitled '" An act authorizing the
District of Columbia to create a debt for spe-
cial improvements and repairs in said District
by the issuing of four millions of bonds and
levying a tax for the payment of the interest
as it shall annually accrue thereon, and sub-
mitting the act, with the question of the issu-
ing of four millions of improvement bonds, to
a vote of the people at a general election' in
said Districtand also the act of the Legis-
lative Assembly, approved August 19, 1871,
entitled "An act levying a tax for the pay-
ment of t.he interest as it shall annually accrue
6a $4,000,000 of bonds authorized to be issued
by the District of Columbia to create a debt
for special improvements and repairs iu said
District, by the issuing of four millions of
bonds and levying a tax for the payment of
the interest as it shall annually accrue thereon,
and submitting the act, with the question of
the issuing of four millions of improvement
bonds, to a vote of the people at a general
election in the said District," and forbids the
authorities of the District to issue any portion
of the four millions of bonds named in those
acts, and it approves, ratifies, and confirms the
act of the Legislative Assembly, approved
July 10, 1871, entitled "An act making appro-
priations for improvements and repairs in the
District of Columbia, and providing for the
payment thereof."
The seventh section declares that the debt
of the District of Columbia, including the
debts of the late corporations, shall at no
time exceed the sum of $10,000,000, unless
an increase over that amount shall have been
previously authorized by act of Congress.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not understand
the bill is yet before the House.
The SPEAKER. The question is on sus-
pending the rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to call the
attention of the gentleman from Vermont to a
provision in the third section. It, is provided
the tax shall not exceed two per cent, except
for local improvements as authorized by law.
I understand that "by law" to be the law of
the Legislature of the District of Columbia—
is it not so?
Mr. POLAND. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken. He did not listen closely to the
reading of the bill. By law here when they
improve a street they have the light to assess
a portion ol the expense, not exceeding one
third, on the property abutting.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let the Clerk read
that section again ; it is short.
Mr. ELDREDGE. There is no need of that
provision which the Senate has put in. The
organic act has the same provision. The or-
ganic act covers the whole ground of that sec-
tion, and it is entirely unnecessary. I have that
act before me, and if the Clerk will read the
part I have marked, the gentleman from Illi-
nois will see there is now already the same
provision of law. The Senate by inadvert-
ence or not recollecting the fact havereenacted
this provision. I do not think it is any stronger
by reenactment.
The Clerk read as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the said Legislative
Assembly shall not have ihe power to pass any ex
post facto law, nor la,iv impairing the obligation of
contracts, nor to ta,x the property of the United
states, nor to tax the lands or other property of
non-residents higher than the lands or other prop-
erty ot residents; nor shall lands or other property
in said District be liable to a higher tax in anyone
year lor all general objects, territorial and muni-
cipal, than two dollars on every hundred dollars of
the cash value thereof; but special taxes may be
levied m particular sections, wards, or districts for
their particular local improvements; nor shall said
territorial government have power to borrow money
or issue stock or bonds for any object whatever
unless specially authorized by an act of the Legis-
lative Assembly, passed by a vote of two thirds of
the entire number of tho members of each branch
thereof, but said debt in no case to exceed five per
cent. ot the assessed value of the property of said
District, unless authorized by a vote of the people
as hereinafter [hereinbefore] provided.
, ..^r* ROOSEVELT. Mr. Speaker, this is a
bill of great importance, involving property to
millions of dollars. It allows the running ud
of a debt of $10,000,000 and over. It seems
to me it ought to be referred to the Committee
lor the District of Columbia, which committee
has this subject in charge. That committee
has prepared a bill which I understand it is
ready to report. I should be sorry to see this
bill pass without consideration or discussion
Mr. POLAND. A bill like this was reported
from the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia, and fully considered there and passed
without objection in the House. This Senate
bill was taken, in an informal way to be sure
by the same committee. They examined it
carefully and approved it. This has been
fully examined by the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia and they recommend it.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. The bill has not yet
been printed, and is not yet before the House.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
83, noes 35 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Roosevelt
and Mr. Poland tellers.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 102, noes 22.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill
additional land district, dakota.
Mr. DUNNELL moved to suspend the rules
for the purpose of passing a bill (H. R. No.
2B85) to establish an additional land district
in the Territory of Dakota.
The bill, which was read, provides, in the
first section, that there be, and hereby ia, estab-
lished in the Territory of Dakota an additional
land district, to be bounded and described as
follows, and known as the Dakota land dis-
trict, namely, beginning at a point on the
north bank of the Missouri river, at the inter-
section of the line between ranges fifty-two and
fifty-three ; thence north along said range line
to the forty-sixth parallel of north latitude;
thence west along said parallel to the line be-
tween ranges fifty-seven and fifty-eight; theuce
south along said range line to the Missouri
river; thence easterly along the north bank of
said stream to the place of beginning. The
second section provides that the land office
for said district shall be located at Yankton,
the capital of said Territory, and the Pres-
ident of the United States is hereby author-
ized to appoint a register and a receiver for
said land office, who shall receive the same
salary and be governed by the same regula-
tions as are provided by law for the registers
and the receivers of the other land offices in
said Territory.
The question being taken, the rules were
suspended, (two thirds having voted in favor
thereof,) and the bill was
HAWAIIAN BARK FLORENCE.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Committee on Commerce be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 2093) to grant an American
register to the Hawaiian bark Florence, and
that the same be now put upon its passage.
The bill was read, it authorizes and directs
the Secretary ofthe Treasury to issue an Ameri-
can register to the American-built Hawaiian
bark Florence, wrecked in the waters of the
United States, purchased and repaired and
now owned by citizens of San Francisco, Cali-
fornia; provided that it shall be proved to
the satisfaction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury that the repairs put upon said vessel were
equal to three fourths of the cost of said vessel
when so repaired.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Has this bill received
the approval of the Committee on Commerce?
Mr. SARGENT. Y es, sir. The Commit-
tee on Commerce have considered the bill and
recommend its passage.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Why does the case not
come under the general law?
Mr. SARGENT. Because this is an Amer-
ican-built bark. It was built for the Hawaiian
people. It was wrecked on the coast of Cali-
fornia, was purchased by American citizens,
and repairs were made upon it, and the only
objection to its registry was that it was origin-
ally built in our own ship-yards instead of
being built abroad.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
