348
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 3,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Bright.
42d CoXg....2d Sess.
plea is hypocritical. Foreign operatives and
laborers are invited to our shores and em-
ployed in all our mines and mills. The
greatest coal field in the United States, per-
haps, is in Pennsylvania. In 1868 there were
together about fifteen million tons of anthra-
cite, bituminous, and semi-bituminous coal
raised from the three districts of Schuylkill,
Lehigh, and Wyoming. •' The raising of coal
throughout the region employed upward of
thirty-five thousand men, mostly natives of
Wales, England, and Ireland." But suppose
that all our foreign operatives have been run
through our naturalization mills and have
come out Americans in the grist; still the
inquiry comes up, why should they or native-
born operatives have a bounty on their labor
because tlrey work in the mills rather than in
the fields? The truth is, the operative gets
only about fifteen per cent, of the profits of
manufacturers, and tho manufacturers hold
up the laborer's necessities as a mask to their
own extortions.
But suppose the operative must have a bounty
orprotection to bis labor? Who pays it? For-
eign nations do not pay it. Our Government
does not pay it. The manufacturer does not
pay it, for he asks the Government to provide
the bounty. I will tell you. They are the
poor boys deprived of the means of educa-
tion, the poor men, the toiling millions of the
fields, whom you see melting under a burning
sun, and larding the ground with their drip-
ping sweat. They wear, At double price, the
woolen bounty bats and coats, the coarse
bounty cotton domestics, the bounty shoes;
whose beasts of burden draw the bounty plow
with bounty chains; and at night they wrap
their weary frames for slumber in coarse
bounty blankets. These are the children of
toil, who are pushed from the bosom of the
Government, and not only treated with the
neglect of political orphans, but they are put
under financial vassalage to the protected
classes. They are the men who love their
country, love its very earth, for the earth has
been their only foster-mother, who has given
the breast of nourishment and life to them.
They are the country's strength, and when the
country shouts to them to rally for its defense,
the valleys heave them up, and the hills pour
them from their loins. And yet tbe Govern-
ment would blind them with its delusions, and
load them with its burdens, and at the Bame
time hold them until they are shorn by the
manufacturers of their golden fleece. The
system of protection is the perfection of polit
ical hocus-pocus. As said by a distinguished
statesman :
"There is nothing which courts and cabinets
learn so readily as lessons in taxation."
As said by Bl&ckstone:
*' The merchant is easy, being sensible he does not
pay them for himself; and the consumer, who really
pays them, confounds them with the price of the
commodity."
Besides, the Government deprives him of
the freedom of making hia own contracts.
It intervenes as one of the contracting par
ties, and requires him to pay, on an average,
fifty per cent, on every dutiable or protectee
commodity he may consume. It is no answer
to say that the Government does not compel
him'to buy. The Government does know
that he is compelled to have his cotton shirt,
his woolen hat and coat, his shoes, his blank-
ets, and his farming implements, for he can-
not make them himself.
The protective system cannot be enforced in
the United States without enormous evils.
A protective tariff in its domestic aspects
does not add a single dollar to the national
wealth. It only diverts the wealth from one
class to another—from one pocket to another,
like the same water flowing,m a circle.
There is only about one seventh of our
laboring population engaged in manufactures,
and six sevenths mainly in agriculture. Upon
no sound principle of political economy can
tRe labor of the one sixth be balanced against
the labor of the six sevenths. The manufac-
turers cannot consume all the agricultural
productions, cereals, staples, and the indefi-
nite variety of other productions of the fields.
After the home supply there will be a large
redundancy. The volumes of our agricultural
productions are still increasing, like swollen
waves, and are pressing hard against the tariff
blockades, and will sooner or later burst their
way and rush into all tbe channels of a world-
wide commerce. Here we have the quarter of
a hemisphere, all fat as the Egyptian Goshen,
with a commercial outlook upon the orient
and* tbe Occident, and with our increasing
volume of population our country is assured
of an agricultural destiny unsurpassed by any
on the globe. Agriculture is tbe Sampson
of our industries, and although its seven locks
have been interwoven with the web of the
New England looms, yet, when it shall awake
from its sleep, it will go "away with the pin
of the beam, and with the web."
The grand drift of American industry is
toward agriculture and its handmaid com-
merce. The vast majority of our natives and
immigrants, invited by our vast domain, at
first opportunity spurn a precarious tenancy,
and aspire to become proprietors offee-simple
estates. Once accustomed to the freedom of
the fields and forest, they could never endure
the restraints and monotony of the mills.
When our vast territory shall be filled and
our population shall roll back on itself, and
the lands fail in subsistence, then we may look
abroad through our manufactures and com-
merce.
England furnishes an example of manu-
facturing necessity. From her statistics it
appears that four fifths of her population live
in cities and towns. Her one fifth agricul-
tural labor cannot furnish an exchange in
value for the labor of the four fifths; hence,
she is compelled to seek an exchange for her
manufacturing labor through her commerce.
Her commerce is her lungs; through them
she inhales the breezes of every sea. Her
island is a workshop, and by the mighty pul-
sations from her heart of labor she sends
her manufactures through all the arteries of
commerce. Her industries were long cursed
with a protective tariff. Through the enlight-
ened statesmanship of her Peels and her Cob-
dens her trade was unshackled. Prior to 1842
her commerce was clogged with a thousand
different duties. In 1841 there were 1.162
articles subject to taxation ; in 1862, only 44
articles remained subject to custom duties.
Between these periods her exports rose from
£51,545,166 to £135,842,000. In 1870 her
exports had risen to £199,586,822. Her im-
ports had risen to £803,257,493 in 1870. Her
shipping vessels increased from 19.328 in 1857
to 22,180 in 1870. She now collects a duty
on only about twelve articles. She conciliated
France, her hereditary enemy, with a liberal
treaty of commerce.
The Earl of Elgin dictated a treaty which
opened the rivers and harbors of China to her
trade. In short, she has wrung the bolts from
the gates of commerce in every nation, created
a demand for her merchandise, and uses this de-
mand as a mighty lever-power to raise the price
of her home labor, and by importations mul-
tiply the home comforts ofherpeople. Every
old woman can now add another spoonful of
tea to her cup ; arid another grand humanita-
rian fact should not be forgotten, that she is
superseding the use of ardent spirits by the use
of one hundred and forty one million pounds
of tea which she annually imports. Besides,
she is laying aside her navy of old British oak,
with which she annihilated the fleets of France
and Spain in the battle of Trafalgar, and is
now building her navy with iron walls, with
which lier statesmen boast that they can ref-ist
the combined navies of the world. English
free trade subsidizes every nation, and is
demonstration of its success. I am no British
worshiper, and decline to join the pa;an of her
Poet Thompson :
"Rule Britannia! Britannia rules the wave 1"
Yet, if we have to borrow wisdom from
British statesmen and imitate her present tariff
policy, it surely would not be more censurable
than to imitate her old protection system, of
which the present American tariff is nearly a
copy. The American tariff is like a mighty
sponge applied to all our industries, except
the manufacturing, to drink up the substance
of the country; and we have nothing to spare
from our internal gluttony to build a navy and
commercial marine of competing power and
grandeur with that of England. The princi-
ple of protection is vicious and demoralizing
to the enterprise of the protected industry.
The early whale fisheries of England, France,
and Holland languished under the bounty sys-
tem. Secure in the bounty, enterprise yielded
to indolence. Onthe contrary, the early Amer-
ican whalpmen, unprotected and unsupported
by anything but their own industry and enter-
prise, penetrated the haunts of the whales, and
with their harpoons struck as much blubbei
as their European competitors.
Before our national independence—in 1774
and 1775—Massachusetts employed annually
one hundred add eighty-three 'vessels in the
former year and one hundred and twenty-one
vessels in the latter. Edmund Burke, in his
famous speech in 1774, adverted to this won-
derful display of daring enterprise—bearing a
testimony so high, and illumined with a rhet-
oric so splendid, that I will be pardoned for
repeating it:
"While we follow them among the trembling
mountains of ice, and behold them penetrating into
the deepest frozen recesses of ^Hudson bay and
Davies' straits; while we are looking for them be-
neath the Arctic .circle, we hear that they have
pierced into the opposite region of polar cold ; that
they are at the antipodes, and engaged under the
frozen serpentof the South. Jfaulkland island, which
is too remote and too romantic an object for the
grasp of national ambition, is but a stage and rest-
ing place for their victorious industry. Nor is the
equinoctial heat more discouraging to them than
the accumulated winter of both poles. We learn
that while some of them draw the line and strike
the harpoon on the coast of Africa, others run the
longitude and pursue the gigantic game along the
coast of Brazil. No sea but what is vexed with their
fisheries. No climate but is witness to their toils.
Neither the perseverance of Holland, nor tho ac-
tivity of France, nor the dexterous and firm sugaeity
of English enterprise ever carried this most perilous
mode of hardy industry to the extent to which it has
been pursued by this recent people—a people who
are still in the gristle, and have not hardened into
man."
These were the men who pursued the whale
and not the bounty.
England defended her protection dogmas for
centuries; but they crumbled-before a liberal
and enlightened statesmanship. Adam Smith's
'•Wealth of Nations" was her philosopher's
stone. He evolved and illustrated the great
idea that labor is the true basis of political
economy, and that as the exchange of labor
for labor, or the productions of labor, is pro-
fitable to the individual, so it will be beneficial
to nations; that the theory was of indefinite
expansion, that which nature had denied in
productions and comforts in one country may
he supplied by exchange from another; that
it.is stimulating to the industry and prosperity
of the family of nations to be drawn together
in commercial intercourse and a.jity. All the
signs of the times are prophetic of this splen-
did consummation.
Commerce is awake and up, is casting off its
sbacklos, is on-pushing and wide-working. It
is webbing the nations with its railroads, sev-
ering the isthmus barriers between the seas
with its canals, teaching us that as the waters
