3984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
tQft, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Peters. Piatt, Price,
Prindle, Rainey. Read, Edward Y. Rice, Ellis H.
Roberts, John Rogers, Sion H. Rogers, Sargent,
Sawyer, Scofield, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger,
Shoemaker, Slater, Sloss, H.Boardman Smith, John
A. Smjth, Worthington C. Smith. Snyder, R. Milton
Speer, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague. Stevens, Ste-
venson, Stoughton, Stowell, St. John, Sutherland,
Swann, Sypher, Taffe, Washington Townsend, Tur-
ner, Tuthill, Tyner, Upson, Waddell, Waldron, Wal-
lace, Walls, Warren, Wells, Willard, Williams of
Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John 'T. Wilson, and
Wood-~13§. , „ „ ,
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Beck, Bell, Bird,
Braxton, Brooks, Campbell, Conger, Cotton, Cross-
land. Box, Duke, Eldredge, Ely, Hambleton.Hand-
3ey, Hawley, Herndon, llibbard, Holman, Kendall,
Kerr, Killinger, Lewis, Manson, Maynard, Mc-
Cormick, McCrary, Mclntyre, Merrick, Morgan,
Negley, Niblaek, Poland, Potter, John M. Rice,
Slocum, Storm. Strong, Terry, Van Trump, Walden,
Whitthorne, Winchester, and Young—46.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Ames, Banks. Bar-
ber. Barry. Austin Blair, James (t. Blair, Boles,
Roderick R.Butler. Carroll, Clarke, Cotnifago, Cox,
Creely, Davis. De Large. Dickey, Du Bose, Henry
D. Foster, Get/.. Griffith, Haldeman, Havens, Here-
ford, Hooper, Houghton, Ketcham, Kinsella, Lan-
sing, Leach, JlcClelland, McKee, McKinney. Ben-
jamin P. Meyers, Hosea W. Parker, Eli Perry,
Porter. Randall, Ritchie. William R. Roberts. Rob-
inson, Roosevelt, Rusk, Seeley, Sessions, Sherwood,
Shober, Snapp, Starkweather, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend, Twichell, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wake-
man, Wheeler, Whiteley, and Williams of New
York-58.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules wers suspended, and the bill was passed.
election contest niblack vs. walls.
Mr. POLAND obtained the floor.
Mr. McCRARY. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont to yield to me that I may submit a
report from the Committee of Elections.
Mr. POLAND. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. PERCE. I object to the gentleman's
yielding.
Mr. McCRARY. The matter I wish to pre-
sent is a question of privilege, and it will
take but a moment. I am instructed by the
Committee of Elections to report the following
resolution :
Resolved, That the case of S. L. Niblaek against
Josiah T. Walls be continued until the next session
of tins Cougress, and that in the mean time the par-
ties have leave to take further evidence as to what
was the true vote cast in the counties of Brevard
and Manatee, and Yellow Bluff precinct in Duvall
county, and also as to whether the election in said
counties and in said precinct was conducted fairly
and according to law.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr POLAND. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Harris.]
mary m. clark.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, by unanimous
consent, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (S. No. 230) for the
relief of Mary M. Clark, widow of Leonard
Clark, deceased.
The bill was read. It appropriates to Mary
M. Clark, widow of Leonard Clark, late of
Harrison county, West Virginia, deceased, out
of any money m the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, $1,202, in full payment for ser-
vices rendered by said Leonard Clark as a
seout in the employ of General J. J. Rey-
nolds, and for the period of his captivity in
the rebel prisons from July 30, 1861, until his
exchange, March 18, 1863.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed: and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND. I will now yield to my col-
league on the Committee on the Revision of
the Laws, the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Sloss,] who desires to report a bill which he
has had in his hands for a long time.
Mr. PERCE. I object to the gentleman's
yielding.
supervision of elections.
Mr. POLAND. I yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] my col-
league on the committee.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, from the
joint select Committee to Investigate the Con-
dition of Affairs in the Late Insurrectionary
States, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2945) to
amend an act to enforce the rights of citizens
of the United States to vote in the several
States of the Union, and for other purposes,
approved February 28, 1871.
Pending the first reading of the bill,
Mr. HOLMAN moved that the House
adjourn.
The question was taken upon the motion to
adjourn; and upon a division there were—
ayes 56, noes 75.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers on the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. STEVEN SON. Let the bill be read so
that we may know what it is.
Mr. HOLMAN. X insist upon my call for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Holman were
appointed.
Mr. AMBLER. Is it not in order to have
the bill read so that we may know what we are
called upon to consider?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order if
the House should determine not to adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say that it
is the bill agreed upon in the Committee on
the Judiciary, to amend the election law or
enforcement act.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is the
same as Senate bill No. 1169.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 78, noes 82.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was upon the motion to adjourn.
Mr. WOOD. I move that when the House
adjourns to day it be to meet on Friday next.
Mr. MOREY. I rise to a point of order.
Thp SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. MOREY. My point of order is that the
House is now dividing on the motion to ad-
journ, and therefore it is not in order to inter-
pose another motion until that is decided.
The SPEAKER. That point of order is
not a good one. If the questions were related
to each other not in the order of privilege that
would be a good point of order ; but the mo-
tion of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wood] being one of higher privilege than the
motion to adjourn, the point of order does not
apply.
The question was then taken on the motion
of Mr. Wood ; and on a division there were—
ayes 65, noes 7:5.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WOOD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Perce and
Mr. Biggs were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 65, noes 81.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. WOOD called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BECK. Is it in order now to move that
when the House adjourns to-day it be to meet
on Saturday next ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that
motion is not in order.
Mr. BECK. That is not more than three
days.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pend-
ing to fix the time to which the House shall
Mr. ELDREDGE. Is it in order to move
to amend the motion of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Wood] so as to extend the
time?
The SPEAKER. The motion to amend
would be in order.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Then I move to amend
by striking out "Friday" and inserting "Sat-
urday."
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. The yeas
and nays have already been ordered on the
motion of the gentleman from New York.
The SPEAKER. That is true; but it does
not debar the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Eldredge] from moving to amend that mo-
tion.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion of Mr. Eldredse ; and upon a division
there were—ayes 62, noes 71.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. ELDREDGE called for tellers.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I call for
the yeas and nays; we may as well have them
ordered at once.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman is not
on this side of the House; let him suggest
motions for his own side.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
what I have done.
The SPEAKER. The question will be taken
upon orderiug the yeas and nays, that taking
precedence of the call for tellers.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Eldredge, to amend so that when the
House adjourns to-day it be to meet on Satur-
day next; and there were—yeas 65, nays 117,
not voting 58 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arthur, Beck.
Biggs, Bird, Braxton, Bright, Brooks, Caldwell,
Campbell, Comingo, Conner, Criteher, Crossland,
Dox. Du Bose, Eldredge, Ely, Porker. Henry D.
Poster. Garrett, Giddings, Golladay, Hambleton,
Hancock, Handley, Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris,
Hibbard, Keir, King, Lamison, Lewis, Marshall,
McCormick, Mcloryre, Merrick, Mitchell, Morgan,
Niblaek, Potter, Price, Rainey, Read, Edward Y.
Rice, John M. Rice, Sion H. Rogers, Roosevelt,
Shober, Sloss, R. Milton Speer, Stevens, S^orm,
Swann, Terry,Van Trump, Vaughan,Waddell. War-
ren, Whitthorne, Winchester, Wood, and Young—65.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Averiit, Banks,
Barber, Barnum, Barry, Beatty. Beveridge, Bigby,
Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Buckley, Buffinton,
Burchard, Benjamin i\ Butler, Roderick K. Butler.
Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger, Cotton, Crebs,
Crocker, Darrall. Dawes, Donnan, Duell, Dunn ell,
Eames, Elliott, Farwell, Finkelnburg, Charles Fos-
ter, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield. Goodrich,
Hale, Halsey, Harmer, George E. Harris, Hawley,
Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton,
Hill, Hoar. Holman, ICelley, Kellogg, Kendall,
Lamport, Lowe, Lynch, Manson, Maynaid, Mc-
Crary, MeGrew, Mercur, Merriam, Monroe. Moore,
Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers. Orr. Packard,
Packer, Palmer. Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton,
Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Poland, Prindle,
Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sargent. Sawyer, Scofield.
Shanks, Sheldon. Shellabarger, Shoemaker, Slater,
H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Worthing-
ton C. Smith, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Steven-
son, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong, St. John. Sypher,
Taffe, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Twichell,
Tyner. Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Waldion, Wal-
lace, Walls, Wells, Whiteley, Willard, Williams of
Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wil-
son—117.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Acker, Bell, Bingham,
Boles, Burdett, Carroll, Clarke, Cox, Creely. Davis,
DeLarge, Dickey, Duke, Farnsworth. Getz, Griffith,
Haldeman, Havens, Hereford, Herndon, Hooper,
Houghton, Ketcham, Killinger, Kinsella. Landing,
Leach. McClelland, McHenry, McJunkic, McKee,
McKinney, McNeely, Benjamin F. Meyers, Negley,
Hosea W. Parker, Eli Perry. Piatt, Porter, Randall,
Ritehie, William R. Roberts, Robinson, John
Rogers, Seeley, Sessions, Sherwood, Slocum, Snapp,
Sprague, Starkweather, Sutherland, Dwight Town-
send, Turner, Tuthill, Voorhees, Wheeler, and
Williams of New York—68.
So the amendment of Mr. Eldredge to the
motion of Mr. Wood was not agreed to.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. My col-
league, Mr. B. F. Meters, is paired on this
question with the gentleman from New York,
Mr. Seeley. My colleague, if present, would
vote "ay," while the gentleman from New
York, Mr. Seelet, would vote "no."
Mr. NEGLEY. I desire to state that I at*
