400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
T. Jackson, of Massachusetts, concerning dis-
covery of ansasthetic agents.
By Mr. HOUGHTON: Two petitions of
merchants of San Francisco, California, ask-
ing for a modification of the duties on rice.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of Simon
Savage, for extension of patent.
By Mr. KERB: The memorial of Amos
Sanford, Joshua S. Vincent, treasurer of
Cherokee county, Kansas, Bruce Miller, clerk
thereof, and other officers and citizens of the
same, asking for the appointment of a com-
mittee of the House to investigate and report
upon the condition of society and public order
in said county, and the reasons or necessity, if
any, for maintaining a military force by the
United States therein, and praying also for the
removal of said forces in the interests of public
peace and personal liberty.
By Mr. McKEE: The petition of W. H.
Batte and 205 others, citizens of Rankin
county, Mississippi, asking the refunding of
the cotton ta-x.
By Mr. McNEBLY: The petition of E. H.
Curtis and others, of Fulton county, Illinois,
praying for the passage of a law establishing a
uniform tax at the rate of sixteen cents per
pound on all manufactured tobacco.
By Mr. MBRCUR: The petition of Cap-
tain Hiram H. Cope and 42 others, soldiers
and citizens of Jefferson county, Ohio, pray
ing for the passage of a law giving to all hon-
orably discharged soldiers, sailois, and ma-
rines v/lio served in the Union Army during
the late rebellion, a bounty of $8 33 per month
for the time so served.
By Mr. PARKER, of New Hampshire: A
petition of pensioners of Mew Hampshire, pray-
ing for the passage of a bill for the payment of
pensions through postmasters.
By Mr. PEl'ERS: The petition of Asher
Ware, late United States judge of the district
of Maine, for relief.
Also, the petition of Nathan Clifford and
others, for the relief of said Ware.
Also, the petition of John H. Lynde and
others, of Bangor, Maine, against the sale by
Government of stamped envelopes.
By .Mr. RANDALL: The petition of Charles
Lynch, late a private in company F, fifty-fourth
Pennsylvania volunteers, prayingfora pension.
By Mr. RICE, of Kentucky: A petition of
soldiers of the war of 1812, asking an increase
of pension.
By Mr. SARGENT : Papers relating to the
duty on rice.
Also, a memorial of citizens of San Fran-
cisco, concerning silver coinage.
By Mr. SLOSS: The petit ■ on of U. L.Jones,
president, and Henry St. Paul, secretary, of
the Board of Swamp and Overflowed Land
Agents of the Stale of Alabama, asking Con-
gress to pass an enabling net, amendatory or
supplemental to the act approved March 12.
1880, authorizing the constituted authorities of
Alabama to proceed to the further selection of
swamp and overflowed lands, which, by act
approved September 28, 1850, were donated
to said State; also, to authorize the said State
to claim from the United States, under the
forms already provided by law, the refunding
of the proceeds of all of said land? which may
have been sold since the date last mentioned, as
well as the right to locate as much of the same
lands as may have, since the same time, been
entered under military and other warrants.
Also, the petition of James Saint and others,
of Colbert county, Alabama, for a post road
from Tuscumbia, by way of Saint's store, to
Newburg, Alabama, and that a post office may
bo established at the store of James Saint.
By Mr. SPEEU, of Pennsylvania: A peti-
tion of citizens of Pennsylvania for a uniform
tax of sixteen cents per pound on manufac-
tured tobacco.
By Mr. SPRAGUE : The petition and me- !
morial of Samuel VVyllys Pomeroy, of Pome-
roy, Ohio, claiming payment of indemnityfor
French spoliations.
By Mr. STOUGHTON: A petition of 160
residents of St. Joseph, Michigan, asking for
an appropriation for the improvement of the
harbor at that place.
Also, the petition of Sarah E. Martin, widow
of Samuel Martin, deceased, late private of
the eighty-seventh Indiana volunteers.
By Mr. STRONG: The petition of E. W.
Whitaker, late postmaster at Hartford, Con-
necticut,, for reimbursement, on account of
defalcation of money-order clerk.
By Mr. TYNER : A petition of sundry pen-
sioners in the State of Indiana, asking the
passage of a law providing for the paymentof
pensions through postmasters.
By Mr. VAUGHAN: Resolutions of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of Memphis,
Tennessee, asking for increased compensation
for letter-carriers.
Also, the petition of J. J. Jones, W. W.
Vaughan. and 26 others, citizens of Haywood
county, Tennessee, praying the extension of
mail line connecting Jackson with Brownsville,
via Wellwood.
By Mr. WAICEMAN: The petition of John
Weinman, for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Gottlieb Sterr, for arrears
of pension.
By Mr. WALDEN: The petition of Captain
C. P. N. Barker and 78 others, officers and
soldiers of Tama county, Iowa, that the act
approved July 15, 1870, be so amended as to
give to soldiers the amount of land therein
allowed without actual settlement and cultiva-
tion; also for the equalization of bounties.
Also, the petition of C. U. Lockwood, late
of company E, twenty-second Iowa infantry,
for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of Lieutenant J. W. Holi-
day, late of company B, eighth Iowa cavalry,
for the pay and allowances of such officer for
the time he served as such.
By Mr. WliLLS: A petition from 2,0fil citi-
zens of Missouri, Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin,
and Minnesota, for relief from the present
steamboat law, and the improvement of the
water routes and encouragement of our navi-
gation interest.
By Mr. WILLARD: A petition for a mail
route from Waiting to Castleton, Vermont.
Also, the petition of J. D. Cummings, of
Vermont, for relief.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
The following notice for leave to introduce
a bill was given under the rule:
By Mr. COX: A bill granting a pension to
Elizabeth Harding.
bills introduced.
The following were presented under the rule,
and x-eferred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads:
By Mr. COGIILAN: A bill to establish
certain post roads in the State of California.
By Mr. DAVIS: Abill to establish a post
route from Rathbone post office, Wirt county,
West Virginia, via Richardson ville and Ly rich's
Mills, to Arnoldsburg, in Calhoun county, in
said State.
By Mr. PRINDLE: A bill to establish a
post route from Downsville, in the State of
New York, via Butternut Grove, to Hankin's,
in said State.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 16, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. H. B. Ridgaway, of New
York city.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read aud approved.
executive communications.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting a communication from the
Commissioner of the General Land Office,
submitting estimates of appropriations re-
quired for the surveying service to supply
deficiencies for the fiscal years ending June
30, 1870, 1871, and 1872, respectively; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tion?, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of the Interior, communicating,
in compliance with a resolution of the Senate
of the 10th instant, a report of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office concerning
the line of railway from the mouth of the Ohio
river to the city of Mobile; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
message if rom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Stiiohji, one of its clerks, an-
nounced that the House had passed the follow-
ing bills; in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested:
A bill (H. Ii. No. 1049) to establish a port
of entry and delivery at the city of Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1050) for the removal of
legal and political disabilities imposed by the
third section of the fourteenth article of amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States ;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 1051) to change the times
for holding circuit and district courts of the
United States for the western district of Vir-
ginia.
petitions and memorials.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT presented a peti-
tion of Dr. A. T. Augusta, Dr. J. D. Harris,
William H. Smith, C. Crusor, Charles Cragin,
and twelve hundred and thirty-six other citi-
zens of the District of Columbia, praying
the passage of the supplementary civil rights
bill; which was ordered to lie on the taole.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of the
Florence, Massachusetts, "Temperance aud
Literary Union," signed by A. G. Hill, pres-
ident, asking for national prohibitory legisla-
tion for the suppression of the sale, manufac-
ture, and importation of intoxicating liquors
to be used as a beverage ; which was refprred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Massachusetts, praying an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, providing
that no candidate shall hereafter be eligible
to any Federal office who is addicted to the
use of intoxicating liquors as a beverage, and
that drunkenness in any incumbent of such
office shall be deemed at any time sufficient
cause for immediate impeachment and deposi-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of the Reform
League of New York, asking for the estab-
lishment of a national system of public schools ;
which was referred to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor.
He also presented a petition of the American
Temperance Commission, asking for an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
providing that no person shall hereafter be
eligible to any Federal office who is addicted
to the use of intoxicating liquors as a beverage ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr SUMNER. I present the petition of
Joseph H. Morgan and fifty others, of Bristol,
Pennsylvania, praying for the passage of the
supplementary civil rights bill; also a similar
petition from Joseph C. Bustill and one hun-
dred and forty-seven others, of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania; also a similar petition from
John Billings and two hundred and ninety-one
others, of the tenth United States cavalry, at
Fort Sill, in the Indian territory, praying for the
passage of the supplementary civil rights bill;
also a similar petition from N. W. Curry and
twenty others, of Galveston, Texas; and also
a similar petition from Joseph H. Morgan and
fifty others, of Bristol, Pennsylvania. I move
that these petitions lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
