1296
THE ^ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
any time in debating this appeal; for, except
for the future in other causes of great import-
ance, I do not care which way it is decided,
although my opinion is what I stated it was
•when I appealed. I do not think it right,
however, that tliia preamble should go down
to posterity or go on to the table (as that ia
really the pending motion, which is in effeet,
by the decision of the Chair, debatable) with-
out a word or two in reply to the Senator from
Massachusetts.
I think it pretty safe to say that if the Ger-
man Government had made a demand upon
us, upon what the Senator from Massachusetts
and the Senator from Missouri say is notorious
to them, for a breach of neutrality and of friendly
obligations to them, and had sent two counsel
here to argue in this body in favor of their
case, those counsel could not have said any-
thing that the honoroble Senators from those
two States have not said. They could not
have pushed suspicion, ex parte evidence, if
there is anything that can be dignified even
like that, further than those two Senators
have pushed it, in order to show that the
honor of their country is to be vindicated,
as they say, instead of being condemned as
they seem by this preamble to wish to have it.
No German, no counsel, no enemy could
have urged with greater pertinacity and with
greater ingenuity upon us the shreds of hear-
say, the tattle of correspondents, the gossip
nf enemies, the ex parte statements of what are
said to have been witnessed in some far-off
part of llie globe ; and yet with senatorial can-
dor and patriotism they would Have their coun-
try right, and in order to make her right they
wish to show her to be wrong!
They are counsel as well as representatives
of their country ; and like other counsel who
are defending some one accused, in order that
their clients may be right, they ask the jury to
bring in a verdict against them. And so, sir,
if it were a time of war, and if they thought
their country wrong, their highest duty would
bo to seize thoir muskets, as they would, for
they have faced a thousand men, and join the
ranks of the enemy, because the only way to
make their eountiy right when si.;; is wrong
and is in a contest is to put her down ; and
certainly if the honorable Senator.', would take
their muskets she would go down at, once ; it
would be an easy thing!
This is the spirit which Senators themselves
avow, that in order to make their country right
they will condemn her in advance of investiga-
tion; they will condemn her, as far as their
voices and votes may go, in the face of the
world, upon evidence that has not been sifted,
by witnesses who arc in foreign lands and who
cannot be examined. This is patriotism; it
is that broad love of country that would prove
its honor by showing its dishonor! 1 suppose
it is a question of taste. I have no right to
quarrel with the Senators.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
says that the apparent discrepancy under the
first or some other branch of his preamble in
these accounts has been reconciled after three
days of painful debate. The Senate was in
travail over the accouchement brought on by
this expert, whoever he may be, aiding the
delivery of the honorable Senators from Mas-
sachusetts and Missouri ; and there was appar-
ent discrepancy that three days' painful labor
brought forth in nothing. Parturiunt monies
el nascitur nihil, if I may change the quotation
a little for the benefit of my honorable friend ;
nascitur nihil.
Now, Mr. President, let, me ask the honor-
able Senators in candor if there was an ap-
parent discrepancy at all ? They still cling to
the term "apparent discrepancy ;" but after a
gainful investigation of three days it was de-
livered into the light of truth as not being any
discrepancy at all. I offered to the honorable
Senator from Missouri the very books from
winch he had taken the extract and asked him
to read them on the very page, or the one be-
fore it, on which was the line he had taken out
to show that if he had read one page of the
document to which more than two months of
travail before this resolution was brought in
had been applied, with experts and with Sen-
ators, he would have seen, if he could under-
stand the English tongue, as he can, thai there
was no apparent discrepancy, but on the con-
trary that that line of the Treasurer's report
which appears in this preamble had not the
remotest connection with the reception of the
money for the sale of arms; that the very
document out of which it was taken, and on
the very page before it said, so in plain terms.
Now, sir, if anybody had been very anxious
to get the truth, if anybody had not wished to
get an untruth—I speak of the expert, not of
the Senators—he would have seen upon .the
face of that document from which this extract
was taken that he was producing a falsehood.
The Senators are patriotic; they love their
country ; but they do not love it enough, it
seems, when an expert produces a falsehood
of that kind to their unsophisticated under-
standing, to go to the Secretary of tho Treas-
ury or to the Secretary of VV ar, or to the Presi-
dent of the United States, and say: "An
expert, be he l'rench or Prussian or whatever
ho may be, has shown us what appears to our
uneducated minds to be a difference in these
accounts. We love our country; we do not
wish to expose her by a preamble which states
a falsehood against her; we believe in main-
taining the honor of the Departments, if we
can; and before we make such a charge against
you we ask you to tell us how it is. Here it
appears so and so." Oh, 110! Patriotism in
the eyes of the experts and the Senators who
believe them is found in taking a falsehood,
which on the i'ace of it with a little study can
be explained, and keeping it secret from the
public officers of the Government who can
explain it in a moment, as it appears afterward
they did, and bringing it here in the face of
the world to be lirst brought forth. The Sen-
ators are welcome to that kind of patriotism.
Now let lis go a little further. Here is
another part of this preamble, and to me it is
tho most eii'ecth e and the most dishonoiable
to our country if it wore true of any pait of it:
Whereas a eumpniison ol" tho neeounts icndered
by tins l'Youeh Government for moneys expended by
its agents in the purchase of anus from tho United
.States and tho accounts ronctered by tho Govern-
ment of tho United States for moneys received in
tho same transaction show a lareo ditteronee, which
scorns to have given rise to tho suspicion abroad that
United States otUeiats have t;ii;on an undue part
therom.
Here is an allegation, and I call the atten-
tion of the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts to it, because lie says it is in his own
handwriting and not that of the expert. " A
comparison of the accounts rendered by the
French Government for moneys expended by
its agents in the purchase of arms from the
United States," setting forth that the French
accounts show that those arms were purchased
from the United States Government direct.
The honorable Senator produced the docu-
ment from which he took that, the official
report of the French Assembly; and in that
document instead of it saying that they were
purchased "from the United States," it stated
that they were "an account of arms purchased
in the United States."
Mr. SUMNER. By Mr. Remington, agent
of France.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How did the Senator,
in translating this account, change the word
"in" to "from ?" I pause for a reply.
Mr. SUMNER. Remington was the agent
of France.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, Mr. President, so
the Senator says ; but he quotes there and pro-
duces the document to show it. He quotes,
as he states in his preamble, a statement made
officially to the Legislative Assembly of France,
setting forth the account of arms which have
been bought, and he recites that report which
he has produced, which was translated in the
Sun, as stating that this account of armn
was an account of arms purchased "from tne
United States." The translation reads "an ac-
count of arms purchased in the United States."
The original, which the Senator afterward
produced, reads "an account of arms pur-
chased in the United States." I repeat the
interrogatory to him, how did it happen that
a French statement of " a purchase of arms in
the United States," both in the original and
in the translation that he produced, appears in
this preamble as "an account of arms pur-
chased from the United States?"
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will do
me the justice to believe that I was perfectly
sinecre in making that statement. I did not
found it exclusively on the report to which he
refers. I founded it also with the testimony of
Mr. Remington in his letter to M. Le Cesne,
the chairman of the French commission. Mr.
Remington again and again asserts that he
dealtwitht,he Government, and then Le Cesne
himselfhas testified in open court that, France
dealt with the Government of the United States,
and he goes so far as to say that he had an
engagement with the United States to deliver
the arms free on board the vessels. That was
framed evidently on the report to which the
Senator refers, but also on the letter of Mr.
Remington to M. Le Cesne.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, the pris-
oner proposes an alibi. I bring hira back to
his confession. "Whereas a comparison of the
accounts"—and nothing else—" rendered by
the French Government." When the honor-
able Senator introduced that statement in the
preamble and in his speech he brought for-
ward, and brought only forward, the very
account to which I have referred, the official
report.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don. J brought forward the letter of Mr.
Remington showing that he was the agent of
France, and that account which 1 introduced
had the name of Mr. Remington as the per-
son from whom the arms to a certain amount
were received by France, Mr. Remington being
the agent of France, and writing himself that
he dealt with this Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the English language
means anything, (and I begin to believe it does
not, inasmuch as the honorable Senators from
Massachusetts and Missouri have changed it
so often, have come down peg by peg, and
stated that one thing means another as often
as they are in a corner,) I should say that the
statement by the Senator from Massachusetts
in a prepared preamble, after months of study,
that "a comparison of the account" did not
mean a comparison of the testimony of Rem-
ington, but meant a comparison of the official
accounts that were brought forward. I do
not know Mr. Remington by the name of
"accounts." I do not know Mr. Remington
by the name of the "French Government;"
and here is the solemn and prepared declara-
tion of the Senator that the comparison, not
of Remington, not of anybody, but the "com-
parison of the accounts rendered by the French
Government for moneys expended by its
agents in the purchase of arms from the
United States" shows so and so.
Now, what "accounts" have we had brought
before us from the French Government for the
purchase of arms? We have the accounts pro-
duced in newspapers by the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts ; and in the translation in
the Sun, which was brought forward from his
hands, it is stated to be "a statement of the
account of arms purchased in the United
States by the French Government." In the
original, in the Fx-ench tongue, in the Official
Gazette, it is again stated, showing that the
translation is correct, "an account of arms
purchased in the United States by the French
Government." I bad the honor to receive &
translation of that very phrase from tho distin-
guished Senator from Missouri, -who is gifted
in every tongue.
