1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
401
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I present the
memorial of Marcus L. Ward, ex-Governor
of New Jersey, in the form of a letter to my-
self, setting forth that tinder the call for volun-
teers in 18G1, each volunteer was entitled to a
bounty of $100, that this has been so adjudged
by the Supremo Court of the United States,
and asking for legislation to extend the bounty
to all regiments that were accepted under this
call, and also asking for the requisite appro-
priation. I move the reference of the memo-
rial to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRELINGHUYSEN presented the
memorial of Rachel Rhoades, of Atlantic
City, New Jersey, praying indemnification for
loss of property by French spoliations prior
to the year 1801; which was referred to the
Commiiteo on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CONKLiNG presented the petition of
Charles P. Beyland, of New York, praying to
be allowed a pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Louis
Lamorreau, praying to be allowed a pension
on account of services rendered by his son
during the late war; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the memorial of Alexan-
der Smith and Halcyon Skinner, praying an
extension of their letters-patent for a loom for
weaving Axminster and Moquette carpeting
automatically; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
B. K. Neufville and various other publishers
and pi inters of Charleston, South Carolina,
praying a modification of the law regulating
the sale of stamped envelopes by the Govern-
ment; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. PATTERSON. I present seventeen
petitions from as many different houses in the
State of New Hampshire, praying for the
repeal of the duty on salt. I move their refer-
ence to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON presented the petition
of J. W. Moore, chief engineer in the United
States Navy, asking for promotion ; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of en-
velope manufacturers, stationers, and printers,
of the State of Indiana, praying a modification
of tiic law regulating the sale of stamped
envelopes by the Government,; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of Asbury
Boone and Mary J. Oveton, of Marion, Indi-
ana, for a special act of Congress autkotizing
the is^ue of a check in payment of arrears of
pay and bounty in lieu of an original check
which has been lost; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAVlS, of Kentucky. 1 present the
petition of Solomon Davids and others, of the
Stockbridge and Munsee tribe of Indians, in
which they set forth that in the distribution of
the proceeds of the sales of a portion of their
lands they have been excluded ; and also that
they nr.e required to suirender their tene-
ments without, any pay for tenement or improve-
ment, to their great oppression and injustice.
They ask Congress to pass a law giving them
relief. 1 move the reference of the petition to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOT P. I present the petition of Cyrus
Pierce and others, citizens of Bristol, Pennsyl-
vania, asking that an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States be adopted by
Congress and submitted to the States for rati
fication providing that no candidate shall
hereafier be eligible to any Federal office who
is addicted to the use of intoxicating liquors
as a beverage, and that drunkenness in any
incumbent of such office shall be sufficient
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 26.
cause for impeachment and deposition. I move
the reference of this petition to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That petition seems to
me to refer more peculiarly to matters of priv-
ilege and election. I think it should more
properly go to the Committee on Privileges
and Elections, as it refers to the privilege of
drinking and the election of persons to office.
I move that it be referred to the Committee
on Privileges and Elections.
Mr. POMEROY. I was about to suggest
that it go to the Committee on Disabilities.
[Laughter.] I have not taken any interest in
this disability business; but we have a com-
mittee on that subject, and this is mainly a
question of disability. If the motion is in
order, I move to refer the petition to the Com-
mittee on Disabilities.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the Senator fiom Illi-
nois, the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary, will not feel the slightest delicacy
about taking charge of this petition and dis-
posing of it. The amendment cannot be ob-
tained very readily, I presume; and I do not
think there will be any difficulty in his dis-
posing of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This seems
to be a very violent change, and I move that
the petition be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Affairs. [Laughter.]
The ArICE PRESIDENT. Three commit-
tees have already been named,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the appropriate
committee is the Committee on Privileges and
Elections.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The first ques-
tion will be on that, as the committee moved
by the Senator from Kansas is a selcct com-
mittee, and by the rule that question must be
reserved until the question of reference to any
standing committees that may be named is dis-
posed of. The Senator from Pennsylvania
having moved the reference of this petition to
the Committee on the Judiciary, the Senator
from Illinois moves to amend by striking out
"Judiciary" and inserting "Privileges and
Elections." The question is on that amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to ; there being
on a division—ayes 20, noes 18.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion to refer as amended, and
if that motion shall be voted down, then the
question will come upon the motion of the
Senator from Kansas, to refer the petition to
the Committee on Disabilities. The question
now is on referring it to the Committee on
Privileges and Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I also present the petition of
Cyrus Pierce and other citizens of Bristol,
Pennsylvania, asking for prohibitory legis-
lation for the suppression of the sale, manu-
facture, and importation of intoxicating liquors
to be used as a beverage. I presume the proper
reference of this petition, unless the Senator
from Illinois has a delicacy upon that subject,
would be to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I also present a memorial of
citizens of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania,
who are workers in pig iron, remonstrating
against a reduction of duties on such articles
as are successfully produced in this country,
and praying for the repeal of the duties upon
tea and coffee, and such other articles of com-
fort or necessity as cannot be produced in the
United States ; and also praying that the tariff
be so adjusted as to protect every home in-
dustry and foster the interest of American
labor. I move the reference of the memorial
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, presented
the memorial of John Stewart and others, of
Baltimore, Maryland, praying indemnifica-
tion for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the year 1801; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. VICKERS presented the memorial of
J. M. Hansom and Thomas Adams, adminis-
trators of Juliana Barry, the widow of James
D. Barry, deceased, (who was heir and for
the co-heirs of James Barry, deceased,) pray-
ing indemnification for spoliations committed
by the French prior to the year 1801; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. LEWIS presented the petition of Wil-
liam L. Anderson, of Rockingham county,
Virginia, praying payment for services ren-
dered to the United States during the late re-
bellion ; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. SAULSBURY presented the memorial
of Bougham, Thomas & Co., and other book-
sellers, job printers, and stationers of Wilming-
ton, Delaware, protesting against the sale of
stamped envelopes by the Government; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. WEST presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Louisiana, booksellers, job printers,
and stationers, protesting against the sale of
stamped envelopes by the Government; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. COOPER presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Tennessee, booksellers, job printers,
and stationers, protesting against the sale of
stamped envelopes by the Government; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post, Roads.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, presented
additional papers in relation to the claim of
Clara Morris for compensation for services
rendered ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
F. T. Sherman and others, citizens of the city
of Chicago, asking for the passage of a bill to
allow building material in the burned district
of that city to be imported duty free ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of
John Neal, surviving administrator of the
estate of James Neal, of Portland, Maine,
praying indemnity for losscvs sustained by
French spoil ations; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FEN'J'ON. 1 present the petition of
L. A. Strowbridge, P. B. Dean, J. M. Sea-
man, and other citizens of Cortland, New
York, asking for an amendment to the Consti-
tution pioviding that no person shall hereafter
be eligible to any Federal office who is addicted
to the use of intoxicating liquors.
The VICE PRESIDENT. 'That petition
will be referred, under the vote of the Sen-
ate just had, to the Committee on Privileges
and Elections, unless the Senator should move
some other reference.
Mr. FENTON. I suppose it should go to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and I hope
that, direction will be given to it. Notwith-
standing the vote of the Senate, I think the
Judiciary Committee is the proper committee
to consider ihe subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York presents a jietition from citi-
zens of Cortland. New York, asking for an
amendment, to the Constitution providing that
no person shall be eligible to any Federal
office who is addictcd to the use of intoxicating
liquors: and. notwithstanding the recent vote
of the Senate, he moves its reference to the
Committee on ihe Judiciary, and the question
will be on that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Cortland county, New York, a peti-
tion of citizens of New Rochelle, New York,
and two petitions of citizens of Rochester,
New York, asking for an amendment of the
Constitution providing that no person shall
