r'|,872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3089
m
committee on education and labor
• Mr. PERCE. I desire to renew the request
that an evening session be assigned for the con-
sideration of reports from the Committee on
Education and Labor. I ask that Friday even-
ing of next week be assigned for that purpose.
• Mr. BROOKS, of New York. This is a
very important committee, and I must object to
the gentleman's request.
Mr. PERCE. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the order be made.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Was not that
motion made once to-day already?
The SPEAKER. It was not made with
reference to the particular evening which the
gentleman has now named.
' The question being taken on suspending the
rules, there were—ayes 68, noes 54.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
committee on invalid pensions.
Mr. MOORE. I desire to ask the House to
assign the evenings of Wednesday and Thursday
of this week to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, to allow them to report a general bill in
reference to pensions.
The SPEAKER. The evenings of Tuesday
and Wednesday have already been assigned to
the business of the Committee on Military
Affairs.
. Mr. MOORE. Thursday and Friday evenings
of this week will suit our committee if they will
suit the House. I desire to say that this bill has
been thoroughly matured, with the aid of the
Pension Bureau, and that it is regarded there
as exceedingly urgent in view of the many
frauds which have been perpetrated, and in
view of the very important amendments which
are necessary to be made. I think every
member of the House is in favor of the bill,
and I believe it would elicit very little discus-
sion. The members of the House have made
themselves acquainted with its provisions, and
I think that generally throughout the House
there is a disposition to put the bill on its
passage. I ask the House to grant the privi-
lege to the committee o-f having this bill re-
ported and considered on Thursday and Fri-
day evenings of this week.
The SPEAKER. Suppose the bill passes
the first evening?
Mr. MOORE. Then some other committee
can have the floor. I think we can pass the
bill in one evening.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I do not see any neces-
sity for meeting here at night to pass these
bills. Gentlemen do not attend at the night
sessions. This merely gives an opportunity
to get bills through without consideration.
We have a^eady devoted two evenings of this
week to business, and the gentleman from
Illinois now proposes that two other evenings
shall be assigned to this committee. 1 hope
the gentleman will not insist on having any
more evening sessions.
Mr. MOORE. It is very important that this
bill should go to the Senate early, and, as there
is so little chance of the committee getting a
day to report it, its members are generally
anxious that there should be one or more
evening sessions for its consideration.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I have no doubt that
all the members of the House are anxious that
the bill should be brought, forward for consid-
eration. But let it be brought forward in the
day-time, and not at night, when there is never
a quorum here; and no proper consideration
can be given to a bill, when the gaslight is
scorching your brain. You accomplish no
good by these evening sessions.
Mr. MOORE. I would be very glad to have
a day assigned for the consideration of this
bill after the morning hour.
Mr. ELDREDGE. That would be the
better time.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think if my col-
league would ask for a morning hour the
House will assent to it.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 194.
Mr. MOORE. I would be glad to have a
morning hour for it, but I do not think there
will be any serious objection to the bill. It has
been generally conned over and studied by
members, and I believe it meets general
approval, so far as I can learn. I move, there-
fore, that the rules be suspended and that
Thursday and_ Friday nights be assigned for
the consideration of the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why does not the
gentleman then move to suspend the rules and
pass the bill now ?
Mr. MOORE. I think it will receive all
the attention that is necessary, and I think if
we take it up Thursday night we can put it
through. There is nothing in it changing the
material features of the pension laws.
The question was put upon Mr. Moore's
motion ; and there were—ayes 84, noes 40.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the motion was
agreed to.
railroad companies in the territories.
Mr. CHAFFEE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2684) to provide
for the creation and regulation of railroad
companies in the Territories of the United
States ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
issue and use of bills as currency.
On motion of Mr. HOOPER, of Massachu-
setts, by unanimous consent, the bill (S. No.
589) to prohibit the issue and use of notes or
bills as currency in certain cases was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first'and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Banking and Currency, not to be brought
back by a motion to reconsider.
admission of deseret.
Mr. VOORHEES, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of three thousand
citizens of Utah, protesting against the ad-
mission of the State of Deseret into the Union,
with accompanying affidavits ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
amnesty.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield now to
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Young.]
Mr. YOUNG. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That in the opinion of this House the
immediate pabsage of a bill for the restoration of all
persons who labor under restrictions imposed by
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of
the United States to alt the rights, privileges, and
immunities of citizens of the United States would
promote the peace, happiness, and prosperity of this
whole country.
Mr. K1LLINGER. I object to that.
Mr. YOUNG. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The under-
standing was that the motion to suspend the
rules was not to be made.
Mr. YOUNG. The understanding was that
if such a motion were made the yeas and nays
should not be called upon it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot yield
for a motion to suspend the rules.
I yield for a moment to my colleague from
Ohio, [Mr. Beatty.]
report on geological exploration.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on
Printing, submitted a report, in writing, in re-
lation to the cost of printing Clarence King's
report on the geological exploration of the
fortieth parallel; which was ordered to be
printed.
drawback upon exported fire-arms.
Mr. MEERIAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2086) to allow a draw-
back upon exported fire-arms, plows, shovels,
&c., made of imported steel, when the stock
and handles are made of American-grown
wood; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
judicial proceedings in the territories.
Mr. CLAGETT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2687) relating
to the courts and judicial proceedings in the
Territories; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
julius s. wigm0rb.
Mr. PACKARD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2688) granting a
pension to Julius S. Wigmore; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and ordered to
be printed.
additional land district in arizona.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2689) creating an additional land district in
the Territory of Arizona; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
purchase of arsis by war department.
Mr. ACKER, in conformity with leave here-
tofore granted, submitted a minority report
from the Committee on Expenditures in the
War Department, on the subject of the sale of
arms ; which was ordered to be printed.
agricultural colleges.
Mr. HOAR. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table and re-
ferred to the Committee on Education and
Labor, Senate bill 964, to amend an act en-
titled " An act to amend the fifth section of an
act entitled 1 An act donating public lands to
the several States and Territories whieh may
furnish colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts,' approved July 2, 1862,
so as to extend the time within which the pro-
visions of said act shall be accepted and such
colleges established," approved July 23, 1860.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
pott aw atomies and suawnises.
Mr. BOLES. I ask unanimous consent that
the House agree to the request of the Senate
for a committee of conference upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two House upon House
amendment to Senate bill No. 988, to provide
homes for the Pottawatomie and absentee
Shawnee Indians in the Indian territory.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 object,
and rise to a privileged motion, and move that
the House now proceed to the consideration
of business on the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now
in order. All this business is proceeding by
unanimous consent, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] holding the floor upon the
Senate amendment to the deficiency appropri-
ation bill.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. How long can
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] hold
the floor in this way 1
The SPEAKER. As long as other business
can be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. Then I object to
any further business by unanimous consent,
and call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] will proceed or suriender the floor.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, to whom had been
referred the Senate amendment to House bill
No. 1654, making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
J_une 30, 1872, and for former years, and for
other purpuses, reported the same back with
a report recommending concurrence in some
and non-concurrence in others of the Senate
amendments,
