1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•349
42dCo,ng....2d Sess.
The, Tariff—Mr. BrigM.
Ho. of Reps.
of the different seas mingle in harmony, so
may our commerce mingle. It is making the
,oceans blofesom with its sails, .and her mighty
engines from their iron lungs roar their deep
.basso >te the ocean's roar, uas Jura answers
back:to joyous Alps." It is connecting con-
tinents and islands with its telegraphic links
and revealing a terrestrial omnipresence with
its electric speech, " whose line has gone
throughout all the earth, and their words to
Ihe end; of the world." Thefive great Powers
of Europe, with Amer.ica,, by treaty, have rec-
ognized the rights of expatriation, and have
ceased to fight about the doctrine of perpetual
allegiance, proclaiming the free commingling
of all nationalities. Happy auspices now gild
the cammereial future.of the world, free
"trade is assured of its triumph, and will yet
bold -its jubilee and sing its song of deliverance
from the thraldom, of protected classes. If
my .distinguished friend from Pennsylvania
|Mr. JKe11jI.et3 should be there I should expect
to hear, him thunder forth his protection re-
frain and, if he should not take it as per-
sonal I would say, reminding one of old Hook,
crying, ":Beef! beefl". •
iBut it is not our purpose to make war on
our manufacturing interests, But on the vicious
policy of .our. Government, which victimizes
other interests for their protection. Free
trade, restricted by a. purely revenue tariff, is,
in fact,inok the antagonist of manufacturing
industry. By its liberal policy it opens up new
fields of .trade, gives expansion to consump-
tion, stimulates demand, elicits additional cap-
ital,,demandslarger quantities of raw materials,
employs more operatives, invigorates com-
metree,  «ells the volumaof importations, and
multiplies tie comforts of all the. people.
Our manufactures, with -their, exemption
£fOin reuentte,duties, with:tlie incidental pro-
tection of .a .purely iresrenue. tariff, and the
natural protection of the three thousand miles
of waves which roll between us and Europe
and/the four thousand miles between us and
China, will still occupy the highest vantage
ground of any other American industry.'
But it seems that some of our manufacturers
have,been eo.long protected with Government
bounty that they claim it by prescriptive right,
and would exact their tribute from the other
industries, with the insane and uncalculating
cupidity of one " who would burn, his neigh-
bor'shouse.to roast his own eggs..'' .
But we turn from at proteeted-to an oppressed
branch of American industry. The great sta-
ple production, tobacco, the Beodnd revenue-
producing article on the internal list, has been
subject to the most grinding oppression. This
is wrong, for, in my opinion, however humble,
it^is   discrimination against it at the expense
of the Constitution, justice, and equality. The
taxing powers of the Government Are limited
to, two modes: first, direct taxes, which shall
be apportioned among the several States ac-
cording, to their respective numbers, and is
known,as ttbe apportionment mode; second,
all duties, imports, and excises shall be uni-
form. throughout, the United States, and is
knawn as the uniformity mode.
It .will not be pretended by any one that the
tobacco tax fall's within the apportionment rule,
• for it is impossible to apportion it among the
States according' to nuiabers. Then it must
be comprehended within the uniformity rule
ifataEL
The, Constitution must be construed accord-
ing, tp its spirit as well as its letter—aa it
'• may be as grossly violated in its spirit-as in
itsdettefc. (1-Story, Constitution, Section 961.)
The Supreme Court of the United States ■ (3
Dallas, ft., 171, Hylton  s. United States) in
adjudicatingtbe question whether the tax of
ten dollars ©n each carriage was a direct tax
or i!o 1, held that it was not a direct tax in the
sense of the Constitution* as a controlling rea-
son, because it could not be apportioned ac-
cording to the rule laid down in the Constitu-
tion. Precisely the Same judicial rule would
apply to the uniformity provision of the Con-
stitution. HencS, if the tax on tobacco is in-
capable of being rendered " uniform through-
out the United States," actually,not nominally,
then the tax according to judicial construction
would be unconstitutional. The Constitution
demands as rigid construction under one rule
as the other. If it was jealous in guarding
against discriminations in the apportionment
tax, it should be equally jealous in guarding
the uniformity rule against discrimination in
the levy of " duties, imports, and excises."
The Constitution manifested a similar jeal-
ousy in taking away the power of Congress to
intermeddle with exports, or to give preferences
by any regulation of commerce or revenue to
the ports of one State over those of another.
(Story, Constitution, sections 1014 and 1016.)
The Constitution labors to set forth and guard
two prominent ideas—uniformity and equal-
ity of the burden of taxation throughout the
United States. The corollary would follow,
the burdeu of taxation unequally distributed
would be unconstitutional. Justice Story
clearly and forcibly sets fofth the reason and
propriety of the provision:
" It was to cut off all undue preferences of one State
over another in the regulationof subjects affecting
their common interests. Unless duties, imposts,and
excises were uniform, the grossest and mdst,oppres-
sive inequalities, vitally affecting tho pursuits and
employments of the people ofdifferent States, might
sxiat. Tho agriculture, commerce, or manufactures
of one State might be built up on theruinsof those of
another; and the combination of a tew States in Con-
gress might secure a monopoly of certain branches
oftrade and business to themselves, to the injury, if
not to the destruction of their less favored neighbors.
The Constitution throughout all its provisions is
an instrument of checks and restraints as well as of
powers. It does not rely on confidence in the Gen-
eral Government to preserve the interests of all the
States. It is fbundea in a wholesome and strenuous
jealousy, which, foreseeing tho possibility of mis-
chief, guards with solicitude against any exercise of
power which may endanger tho States as far as it is
practicable. If this provision as to uniformity of
duties had been oraited, although the power might
not have been abused to the injury of tho feebler
States of the Tlniou, (a presumption which history
does not justify us in deeming quite safe or certain.)
yet itwould of itself have been sufficientto demolish
in a practical sense the value of the most of the other
restrictive clauses iu the Constitution. New York
and Pennsylvania intent by an easy combination
with tho southern States have destroyed the whole
navigation of JSew England, A combination of a
different character between New England and the
western States might have borne down the agricul-
ture ot the South ; and a combination of a yet differ-
ent character might have struck at the vital interests
of manufactures. So that the genoral propriety of
this clause is established by its intrinsic political
wisdom as well by its tendency to quiet alarms and
suppress discontents."—Story, Constitution, sec. 957.
This exposition has been well supported by
the judicial sanction of the Supreme Court of
the United States (2 Black, &10) and by differ-
ent State courts, (2 Wisconsin, 42; 3 Ohio S.
K,, 1,) and is also in harmony with the views
of the framers of the Constitution, (Madison's
Debates, 432, 43S.)
The variety of climate, soil, and productions
in their staple qualities are regulated by the
laws of nature, which are universal, and affect
the knowledge, the conduct, and the conscience
of individuals and States. (1 Black. Com., 41.)
Seed time and harvest ate known to all, and
the adaptability of climate and soil for pecu-
liar productions enter into the calculations of
all. The United States may be classified into
three zones or belts: first, the cotton and
sugar zone in the Gulf States; second, the
grain, grazing, and tobacco zone in the middle
and western States; third, the manufactur-
ing, commercial, and lumber zone in the north-
ern States. This classification is only general,
and used partly for illustration.
Suppose that Congress should levy a tax of
tea cents per pound on cotton and sugar pro-
duced in the United States, every man of
sense would know where it was intended to
fall, and that it would break down these pro-
ductions and drive the laborers from' the
cotton and sugar fields in the Gulf States.
Suppose that Congress should levy a tax of
twenty cents per pound on tobacco grown in
the United States, evefyone would know that
it was intended to fall on the natural tobaec0
region in the middle and western States, and
that the tobacco industry in these States would
be greatly distressed if not destroyed. Sup-
pose that Congress should levy a tax of five
dollars per yard on all broadcloths, one dollar
per yard on all other woolen goods, ten cents
per yard on all calicoes, cotton domestics, fa«es
and ribbons manufactured in the United States,
and twenty cents per pound on all the clip-
pings, thrumbs, and shreds which are swept
up, likethe stems of a tobacco-house, to make
shoddy goods, every one would know that it
was aimed at the manufactures of the northern
States.
Somebody, then, would sing upon a different
gamut. Amid their decaying tenements the
manufacturers would derive poor comfort by
being informed that the law was uniform
throughout the United States. They would
be insulted by the detestable hypocrisy of
the informer. The letter of the law might
cover the United States, but the tax would
adhere to them. Suppose you tell them that the
consumers pay the tax. Yes, if they will buy ;
but they will revive the old continental spin-
ning-wheel and hand-loom in every family, and
array themselves in home manufactures, before
they will buy the tax-burdened articles. The
congressional action in every one of these sup-
posed oases would be a clear violation of the
Constitution. The illustration of the tobacco
zone was but a statement of the substantial
facts. ■ The idea of ft uniform distribution of
the burden of a tobacco tax through the Uni-
ted States is an absurdity. The variety of
agricultural productions in the different sec-
tions are «o distinct that it is impossible to
tax them either under the apportionment or
uniformity rule. The framers of the Consti-
tution framed it in the face of this variety.
The 8upreme Court of the United States, in
Hylton vs. The United States, (3 Cranch,) felt
the pressure of this embarrassing question,
and clearly intimated that the productions of
land were so nearly allied to it that they
should be considered as land by a constructive
merger with it, and then the lands throughout
the United States might be taxed directly
under the apportionment principle. This is,
perhaps, the most just and rational solution
of the subject
The court say in that case:
"It is not necessary to determine whether the tax
on the produce of land be a. direct or an indirect
tax. Perhaps the immediate product of land, in its
original and crude state, ought to be considered
a part of the land itself. When the produce is
converted into a manufacture it assumes a new
shape," &o.
Hence, having taxed the laud as capital,
perhaps with the productions growing on it,
there should not be a cumulative tax on the
productions when severed from the land. If,
however, such tax should be resorted to, it
should be applied to all the productions of all
the lands throughout the United States to
bring it within the spirit of the uniformity
rule. But it is presumed that such a tax
would be impracticable through the multi-
plicity of its details. But let us ajjply stub-
born facts in demonstration of the inequality
and injustice of the tobacco tax.
A tabular statement compiled from the cen-
sus returns shows 262,735,341 pounds to be
the quantity of tobacco grown in each State ;
and from the report of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, $33,578,907 18 is shown
to be the amount of tax received from to-
bacco in all its consumptive forms, exclusive
of what is reported, for the fiscal year ended
