■1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1207
This is brought before this body and the
world, because no doubt the king of Prussia
is studying over this preamble at this very
moment to find a cause of action against us.
It is high evidence of patriotism that the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, after hav-
ing made the mistake he did in respect to the
accounts in this country, should have by some
strange accident or other—but he is not re-
sponsible for it himself, I cannot help believ-
ing—translated the French word "in" in
these accounts describing these purchases as
being of arms " in this country," to a state-
ment that they were purchased " from the
Government of the United States," which
makes all the difference in the world.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator to un-
derstand that it is no translation of the French
at all. It does not pretend to be a translation
of the French.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Here it is on the face
of it.
Mr. SUMNER. I know.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The honorable Senator
cannot wipe it out. Hero it is oh the facc of
it just what appeal's.
Mr. SUMNER. It is the " arms purchased
from the United States." Well, the arms sent
out by Mr. Remington were from the United
States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. So they were; they were
from the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. They were purchased from
the United States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. They were purchased
from the United States, but. the honorable
Senator now undertakes to say that what he
meant by this preamble after all merely is that
it really means as if it read in this way: "A
comparison of accounts by the French Gov-
ernment of money expended by its agents in
the purchase of arms which came from the
country of the United States."
Mr. SUMNER. It does not say any such
thing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It does not: it says ex-
actly the reverse. That is just what I am con-
tending for. The honorable Senator for once
in this debate is right. This statement of the
Senator is based upon the evidence that he
produced himself, I repeat, a declaration in
this preamble that the French account, the
official report to the Assembly upon investiga-
tion by its committee, was that its Government
had purchased arms from the United States.
No human ingenuity can torture that language
into anything else. The honorable Senator
from Massachusetts gave us to believe in his
opening speech that that was the tenor and
effect of the document that he produced, the
French official account of these purchases ac-
cording to the statement in this preamble.
When at last 11 the Sun" came to be dragged
forth  
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator allow
me to inquire whether he has the official French
report?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not the original.
All the archives of this extraordinary perform-
ance are in the keeping of my honorable friends
from Massachusetts and Missouri. [Laughter.]
They are the keepers of the French accounts.
Now I will go on again, because I think it
of much more moment than this whole reso-
lution that we should understand how it hap-
pens that the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has been so imposed upon as he
has been, for he would not perpetrate a trick
of that kind—that belongs to the expert—of
distorting and mistranslating and turning the
truth that appears in the French official docu-
ment into a base falsehood against this coun-
try ; for in that document (and I have read it
through and through; and it has been pro-
duced here, both in the original and_ in the
translation) there is not one word which has
the remotest allusion to the Government of
the United States. It only speaks of the pur-
4 2d Co kg. 2d Sess.—ISFo. 82.
chase of arms in this country, which even the
honorable Senators agree the French Govern-
ment had a lawful and perfect right to do.
And yet there is paraded before the eyes of
the world, known of all men, to the dishonor
of this country if true, the statement in this
preamble that an official French account of
the purchase of these arms shows that they had
purchased them from the Government of the
United States. That is just what might be
expected from an expert who had falsified the
printed accounts of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, which, if the Senators from Missouri and
Massachusetts had read, they would have seen
was the most shameless falsehood that was
ever forced upon the Senate or upon a town
meeting anywhere. It is perfectly upon a par
with it.
In the first place, this preamble must be
brought to the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts with a false statement of the ac-
counts of the Treasury, shown to be false
on the face of the very document produced;
and, secondly, the honorable Senator must
be imposed on by false rendering, an entire
reversal of a French official document, in
order to make it appear that our country was
in the wrong. I suppose the good way to set
our counti-y right is to tell falsehoods about
it, and the honorable Senators from Massa-
chusetts and Missouri (believing themselves
all the time, as St. Paul did when he perse-
cuted the saints, to be serving God in going
out and making war on everybody they may
find) have been made the vehicle by which this
sort of stuff has been brought in here.
I do not wish to go on, as I might, upon
other branches of this question. I have shown
my opinion of this resolution by voting against
it, but I could not allow the statement of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts as to
the effect of this preamble to go without a very
brief reference to one or two of its salient
points.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, the Sen-
ate will bear me witness that I have not par-
ticipated in this debate except to seek to draw
it to a close. It was manifest in the begin-
ning that this was a mere political movement.
The Senator from Massachusetts disclaimed
it; but every intelligent person in the Dnited
States, every member of this body, all the
galleries, all the spectators, regarded it from
the beginning to this time as simply a political
movement.
If it was really intended as a mere effort to
bring about an investigation inlo the sale of
arms, the Senator from Massachusetts was as
well advised as any one could be that a simple
resolution of inquiry in the usual form would
have produced that investigation without any
debate. I take it therefore that one so emi-
nent as he understood the purpose and the
object of this inquiry, as all the world under-
stood it.
I have no exception to find with the original
resolution itself alone. It was in due form,
and I would have voted for it without hesitation,
though I think the language has been some-
what improved by amendment. Coupled with
the preamble, the Senator must have known
at the time he introduced the proposition that
it was a political arraignment of no less a per-
son than the President of the United States,
involving interesting relations with foreign
nations and at least two members of the Cab-
inet. It was an invitation for a political
debate.
Now, I happen to know that there are dele-
gations here from nearly all the large cities,
persons interested in pending business. There
was to-day a delegation of the most eminent
men of the cities of Baltimore, Philadelphia,
and New York, demanding the immediate
action of this body on questions involving
great business interests. There are bills now
sent to us from the House of Representatives
that have paralyzed the business of this coun-
try, amounting in two single articles to over
one hundred million dollars, and until the
action of the Senate can be had on those
measures the business of the country must be
more or less affected. There is the proposi-
tion to extend amnesty to probably twenty
thousand people in the southern States. That
is still pending here. There are all the appro-
priation bills, some of which are not very mate-
rial to be passed now, but others of which are
of immediate importance. There is one now
the failure to pass which withholds and sus-
pends tho operations of one of the great
departments of this Government, that is the
judiciary; there is a deficiency to carry on
the ordinary operations of the judicial fund.
That has to await the action of this political
investigation.
Mr. President, I have had no feeling from
the first hour of this discussion to this time
except an anxiety to get rid of it. Everybody
could see before it commenced that this reso-
lution would be adopted by an almost unani-
mous vote. I ask the Presiding Officer how
many persons voted against the resolution?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The vote was
52 to 5.
Mr. SHERMAN. At the very outset of
the proposition I, with the assent of every
Senator around me, openly proposed that the
resolution should be passed nem. con., without
debate, and everybody around me, even my
friend on my right, [Mr. Cole,] who vote'a
against it finally because he thought the very
ground-work of the investigation had been dis-
sipated by the debate—even he was anxious
originally to have the resolution passed. This
resolution might have been passed on the verj
first day it was offered by a unanimous vote
of the Senate, and the Senator from Massachu-
setts as chairman of the committee appointed
under it might have been at work investigating
the evidence upon which all these vague impu-
tations are founded.
Sir, if this was an investigation for purity,
for good order, for integrity, for honesty, as
has been proclaimed so often, why has the
resolution not been passed for three weeks?
Why has the lesolution of investigation been
debated here for three weeks when within that
time all the testimony might have been taken
in proper form, all the witnesses might have
been examined, the archives of the War De-
partment and Treasury Department, and all
these matters might have been explored from
the beginning to the end under the careful
guidance of the Senator from Massachusetts
himself? There was no other reason except
that he and other Senators here desired a
political debate at the expense of all the busi-
ness interests of this country.
Mr. SUMNER. I interpose there my pos-
itive denial. So far as I am concerned I
desired no political debate; and I ask tho
Senator in justice to me to note that I have
not introduced in this debate one political
suggestion from the beginning to the end.
Air. SHERMAN. The honorable Senator
from Massachusetts is the only man in this
city who did not regard the debate upon this
resolution as a mere political debate. What
brought these crowded galleries here? To
know whether or not the chief of your ord-
nance department had sold arms that he
ought not to have sold ? No, it was because
the Administration was involved ; because
charges were made of corruption which in-
volved the integrity of high officers of the
Government; because charges were made tbat
involved our relations with foreign Powers:
because General Grant was on trial. And I
say to you, Senators, that every man of us
knows, except the Senator from Massachu-
setts, that really the only question in debate,
from the beginning to this hour, has been
whether General Grant should be the next
candidate for President of the United States.
I give more credit to my honorable friend
