2194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
Mr. COLE. I must raise a question of
order on this amendment. It fs a new item of
appropriation, and the Committee on Appro-
priations have not had an opportunity to
lonk at it. It has been referred to that com-
mittee, I am sure.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to say a word
under the head of the question of order. I
hear very frequently from Senators on this
floor, "This is a new thing; nobody has ex-
amined it," or that the Senator himself has
not had time to examine it. I have always
supposed that when a question was referred to
a standing committee of this body it was the
duty of that committee to examine the subject
thus referred to if, and it does not sound very
pleasantly to my ears for Senators to say "The
question has not been examined," when seven
members of this body, who are members of a
standing committee, have devoted to it their
very best ability. Every one must remember
that everything cannot be referred to one com-
mittee. We are compelled to divide the busi-
ness of this body.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say a word to
my friend from Iowa through the Chair. He
is quite right in saying that everything cannot
be referred to one committee, and so the rules
have provided that appropriations of money
shall be referred to a committee of seven, and
not to the Committee on Indian Affairs, but to
a committee otherwise denominated ; and the
rules have provided that when the Committee
on Indian Affairs or any other committee wish
to have money appropriated, they shall, having
considered the general subject themselves,
send their proposed item of appropriation to
the committee who are charged with the re-
sponsible and very laborious duty of examin-
ing into each item of appropiiation. So that
I hope the honorable Senator will not consider
by any means that it is any reflection upon
the Committee on Indian Affairs or any other
committee if you are to stand by the very
principle that he asserts, that it is not only the
right of my friend from California, but bis duty
in obedience to the rules of the Senate, to see
to it that items of appropriation for which his
committee is responsible shall take the reg-
ular course underthe rules, in order thatthose
who are responsible for that branch of the
duties of the Senate, the expenditure of money,
may know what they are about. That is what
the rules provide for.
Now, here is a provision, admittedly pro-
posed for the first time—I do not say that it
hasfot been considered by the Committee 011
Indian Affairs ; they are less than one tenth
of tho whole body—but proposed here for the
first time to take this money out of the Treas-
ury. The honorable Senator says it has been
appropriated before. So it has. I assume, but
not for this purpose. He might, therefore, just
as Well say you may take so much of the
money that has been appropriated to the Army
and apply it to this purpose, and then say it
is not a new item of appropriation. It is a
new destination of money, thar, unless it is
carried to the purpose for which it has already
been directed, must, be taken from the Treas-
ury by authority of law, and if not taken by
authority of law, there it must stay; so that
my friend from California is perfectly right in
every respect in making this point of order.
Mr. HARLAN. I knew no reflection was
intended; but the remark has been made so
frequently during the pendency of this bill
that I could not avoid hearing it, and it made
some impression 011 my mind. It may not
have made any impression 011 the mind of
anybody else. As I observed before, the
attention of the Department was called to
this matter by the Governor of Wisconsin,
and it has been considered in the Depart-
ment, and they think it may be impractica-
ble to carry iuto effect the law of last year
for the reason I have named, that the Indians
in Nebraska may not be willing to receive
these stray bauds from Wisconsin, and in
order to carry into effect the law of last year
a change of phraseology is necessary. That
is all there is in the amendment.
If with that statement of facts as they exist
the Senate will not consider the amendment,
of course I have discharged my duty, and that
will be the end of it.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. The question now is on
the point of order.
Mr. HOWE. I was about to appeal to the
Senator from California to withdraw the point
of order or to waive it. The facts touching
thisparticularameudmentare, I believe, briefly
these: there are some frngmen'ary bands of
Indians in the northwestern part of the State
of Wisconsin who have been there for quite a
number of years, and for whose support Con-
gress has made appropriations fiom year to
year. They are a disturbing element. The
people of Wisconsin do nut like such neigh-
bors, and I believe they are geiting somewhat
discontented with their neighborhoods, and
last winter Congress made an appropriation
for their removal. I supposed those Indians
had alieady been removed until the oiher day
I learned there wassome difficulty experienced
in finding a home for them at the place desig-
nated in the law of last year, and therefore, I
was told, that an amendment of that, law was
necessary, as the chairman of the Committee
011 Indian Affairs has stated. I do not under-
stand that it takes any more money out of the
Treasury than has already been appropriated,
but allows the Department to make a somewhat
different application of it.
Mr. HARLAN. That is all.
Mr. HOWE. Under those circumstances
one of three things must be done : this point of
order must be waived or this discussion must
go 011 until we can submit the amendment to
the consideration of the Committee 011 Appro-
priations, and in that case they will learn
nothing new about it, or —
Mr. POMEKOY. There is nothing in that
point of order at all. This amendment is to
carry out the provisions of an existing iaw, and
we have nothing to do with the Committee on
Appropriations in regard to it, if the facts be
as the Senator states. Any Senator has a
right to move an amendment to carry out the
provisions of an existing law.
Mr; HOWE. If the point of order shall be
sustained, it may result in postponing the final
actionon this bill for another day, or it may
result in leaving those Indians within the State
of Wisconsin, a thing not to be desired by that
State, not to be desired by the Indians, I air,
very sure; and I cannot see how it should be
desired by the Government.
Mr. THUTtMAN. This seems to be a prop-
osition to remove some disagreeable inhabit-
ants from one State to another, to relieve Wis-
consin at the expense of Nebraska.
Mr. HO WE. The Senator will allow me to
say it, is not to remove them to the State ot
Nebraska, nor to impose any burden upon
that State. The law already 011 your statute-
book authorizes that, but Nebraska does not
open her arms to tbem, nor do the Indians
within Nebraska, and therefoie this amend-
ment is propose! to find them a home else-
where, which will not be objectionable to
Nebraska, nor, so far as I know, to any other
State.
Mr. THURMAN. Then that relieves that
trouble in my mind. I was just going to
inquire of the Senators from Nebraska what
they thought of receiving these troublesome
inhabitants. But now I suppose they are to
be sent I do not know where, unless it is to
that great national park that the Senator from
Kansas has laid off on the head of the Yel-
lowstone. [Laughter ] I do not know what
else we are to do with them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We might send them to
Cincinnati. [Laughter.]
Mr. 1HURMAN. There will be enough
people there, I am told, without them. I have
no information on the subject personally ; but
so I infer from what I hear.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ofthesamesort? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. THURMAN. Very likely they will
have their war p-iii^on. [Lauglner.] I have
not the lea-^ doubt from what I have heard
that they will. How many tomahawks they
wi.l have, and how many scalps they will have
to show after next November, is a matter that
I cannot tell. [Laughter.] That is a matter
that every one must judge for himself.
I should like to know from the Senatorfrom
Wisconsin how many of these noble red men
of 1 lie forest" there are that he wants to get
lid of.
Mr. HOWE. I have not taken a census, and
I have not seen any census of them. 1 really
cannot, state the number, though I think it
1 ik'-ly 1 he chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs may be able to do so.
Mr. TiilJItJ1AN. 1 hen I willaskthe chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr HAItLAN. I regret that 1 am unable
to give the honorable Senator the information.
Mr. TH IIK.UAN. Cannot, the Senaior come
within one hundred, two hundred, or three
hundred?
Mr RAMSEY. I have seen an account, and
I think there are about seven hundred of these
wandering Wiunebagoes still left 111 Wisconsin.
Mr. THURUAN. And those aie ali the
Indians hft in Wisconsin?
Mr. HOWE. 1 am sorry to say, not by con-
sideiable; but will ,he Senator allow me to
state that the other Indians who are still living
111 our Mate have reservations of their own
and are living 011 them? The Stockbridges
have one; lhe Menomotiees have another;
the Oneidas have another, and two or three
bands of the Poitawatomies have other reser-
vations.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, Mr. President,
what is it, that we hear about this Indian
policy '! That the idea o' keeping up and pre-
serving the tribal condition or status of the
Indians is fraught with injury to them and im-
measurable injury to the citizens of the United
States, so much so that the pressure upon
Confess is so great that, we are invoked to
violate the pl,,inest treaties that ever were
made in order to get rid of this difficulty.
Here is the Indian territory that stands like a
great barrier between different sections of the
Republic which need communication by means
of railroads, and every device is resorted to,
eveiy sophistry is uiged, to induce Congress
to violate the plainest treaties because ot that
public necessity which requires that these great
highways shall be made, and that this great
wedge which lies between the different districts
of the Republic shall not be interposed in
order to prevent them.
While that is the case, while the fact is
undeniable that a preservation of the tribal
status ot any of these Indians is simply a
means of plundeiing the Treasury of the
United States, nothing else ia the world than
that; while we are told lhat the only way to
deal with this Indian subject is to reduce tht in
to citizenship, and compel them to own their
laud 111 severalty and each one to cultivate ior
himself, here we are iuvuked to keep up the
tribal status of a little fiagment of a tribe it;
tho State of Wisconsin, and to send them off
with an appropriation of $30,01)0 now, to be
followed next year with one of §100,000, le
keep them from starvation, and so on to the
end of the chapter, just as long as you keep
them in that condition.
Sir, when a tribe has so decreased in num-
bers that there are but two or three or four hun-
dred of them lett,, t he only way to do with thein
is to do as New York did with her I ndians; lhe
only way to do with them is to let t hem become
a part of the mass of the population. When
a tiibe is largeenough, and has definite bound-
aries and a reservation set off to it, guarantied
to it by treaties, I am in favor of observing
