3090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6, i
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent that the House proceed to con-
sider these amendments in the House as in
Committee of the Whole, under the five-
minutes rule.
No objection was made ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suggest that
as the amendments are read the recommenda-
tion of the Committee on Appropriations, for
concurrence or non-concurrence, be consid-
ered as agreed to, unless objection be made.
The SPEAKER. That will be done by
tinanimous consent.
No objection was made ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would also
suggest that the House first proceed to con-
sider those amendments of the Senate in
which the Committee on Appropriations rec-
ommend concurrence, and then the amend-
ments in which the committee recommend
non-concurrence.
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Amendments Nos. 4 and 5 were severally
concurred in.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It is impos-
sible to follow the Clerk intelligibly upon these
amendments. I think it would be better to
consider the amendments in their order in
. the printed bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will not per-
mit the printed bill and amendments to be
used by the Clerk, because, as will be remem-
bered by the House, there was some difficulty
in reference to the legislative appropriation
bill by pursuing that course.
Mr. FAllNSft'ORTH. i think it would be
belter to consider the amendments iti their
order.
The SPEAKER.. That course will be fol-
lowed.
The first amendment, of the Senate was to
strike out the word "hereafter," in the fol-
lowing paragraph :
For cartage for the House of Representatives,
S3,000; and constructive cartage sli ill not hereafter
bo paid lor, but all aitides delivered oil the trip
shall be paid tor as one load.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee on Appiopriations to move
an amendmentatthis point, though I am some-
what in doubt whether it be strictly in order.
The committee have instructed me to move a
concurrence in this amendment of the Senate,
with an amendment to add to this paragraph
the following : "and for a deficiency in the
appropriation for folding documents, including
pa} of folders and material therefor, $30,110. "
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. There is a
presidential election approaching, when there
will be a vast deal of folding done ; but that
is for the next fiscal year. Now I would like
to ask why there happens to be a deficiency
in the present liscal year, when there has been
110 presidential election?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The amount
appropriated for this purpose for the current
fiscal year, as compared with former years, is
exactly the same as this would make it, less
$5,000. Last year a deficiency of $25,000
was voted on the bill corresponding to this.
This year we have the same sum that we had
last year before the deficiency was voted. We
now propose to put on a deficiency $5,000
larger than the deficiency of last year.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I think we
should stop when these appropriations ruu
out, whether it be for folding or anj thing else.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to ; and the amendment, as amended,
was concurred in.
The second amendment of the Senate was
read, as follows:
Strike out the word "private" before the word
"clerk," in tile fourth paragraph of the bill; so that
the paragraph shall road follows:
That- the Speaker is hereby j«uthorized to employ
a clcrk at a salary of $1,81)0 per annum, and no ap-
pointment on the Doorkeeper's rolls shall bo made
to take the place of the person hitherto detailed as
clerk to the Speaker, and frflm March 1 to the close
of this fiscal year, $600 is hereby appropriated for his
salary.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Ap-
propriations recommend non-concurrence in
this amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The commit-
tee were not aware whether there was any
necessity for this amendment of the Senate or
not. We have reports in favor of non-concur-
rence because we knew of no necessity for the
amendment. It is a matter somewhat personal
to the Speaker, and we would be willing to
leave the matter entirely to him. In the
absence of any suggestion from him we have
recommended non concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The fifth amendment was read, as follows :
Add to the paragraph headed 44 foreign inter-
course," the following:
And in settling the accounts of John P. Hale, late
minister to Spain, the accounting othcers ot the
Treasury shall allow him salary to the ldt of Jan-
uary, 1870, at which time his health was so far re-
stored as to be able to travel, and the sum necessary
to pay the same is hereby appropriated. And the
Secretary of State is hereby uui borized to allow the
payment of such sums as the President shall approve
to the consuls of the United States at Algiers, .Bou-
logne, Lyons, Marseilles, Nantes, Xiee, and Rheinis,
as compensation for extraordinary services during
the late war in Europe: Provided, Ttiat the total
sum so expended shall not exceed the unexpended
balance of the amount appropriated^ thefouith
ami fifth paragraphs of tne act entitled "An act
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses of
the Government tor the fiscal year ending June 30,
1S72, and for other purposes," approved March 3,
1871.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Ap-
propriations recommend non-concurrence m
this amendment.
Mr. BHOOKS, of New York. I desire to
say that I do not think any legislative pro-
vision was ever more ingeniously contrived
than this to realize the remark of Talleyrand,
that language should be used to conceal
thought.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. For that among
other reasons we have recommended non-
currence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The sixth amendment was read, as follows:
Insert the following additional paragraphs:
To defray the extraordinary expenses of the
American minister to the kingdom of Italy occa-
sioned by the removal of its capital irom Turin to
Florence and from Florence to Rome, $6,000.
To enable llobert C. Schenck, minister to Great
Bntuin, to pay his private amanuensis, a& provided
by joint resolution approved January 11. 1871, from
the date of the approval ot said joint resolution to
July 1, 1871, SI,180.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Appro-
priations, in their report, have recommended
non-concurrence.
Mr. SARGENT. With theconsentofthecom-
mittee, I move to concur in the amendment with
an amendment adding the following:
For repairs to the consular building in Tangier,
$3,OU0, or so much thereof as may be necessary to be
expended under the direction ot the Secretary of
State, to bo available until the end of the next fiscal
year.
I have here a letter, not lengthy, from the
Secretary of State, showing the necessity for
this amendment. I ask the Cleik to .read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of State,
Washington, D. 0., February 21,1872.
Sir : With a letter to you of the 8th of February
last, this Department transmitted the original of a
dispatch from Felix A. Mathews, esq., consul of the
United States at Tangier, setting forth the dilapi-
dated condition of theconsularbuilUmgthere. which
is the property of the United States. In that letter
an appropriation of $.>,OJO was requested toward
repairing the edifine. As afurther proof of the neces-
sity for the appropriation, I take the liberty to in-
close a copy of a note to me Irom lion. IS. D. Mor-
gan, of New York, and of the one addre^ed to
him by Mr. 0. II. Palmer, to which it refers. A-s
the appropriation has not been made, the request for
it is renewed. It is hoped, also, that you will not
overlook the requestfor the return of Mr. Mathews's
dispatch.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
HAMILTON FISH.
Hon. Cornelius Cole, Chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, Senate,
Mr. COX. I have no special objection to
this amendment; but I do not believe there is
commerce enough at any of these porig upon
the Mediterranean to pay for repairing this
building.
Mr. SARGENT. The United States main-
tains a consulate at Tangier, and the consular
building is in a very dilapidated condition. It
is necessary it should be repaired, because
there is no building that can be rented for the
purpose. The building, as shown by papers
on file in the State Department, is getting to
be entiiely uninhabitable.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I understood that
the committee r, commended non-concurreuce
in the amrad'ni-.-i.
Mr. SARGENT. We have changed our
recommendation, and now recommend con-
currence with the amendment I have pro-
posed.
Mr. COX. I do not believe there is any
commeice th 're to justify this expense. I
think we should make money by letting the
building go to pieces.
Mr. SAUGEN t'. That might be well enough
if the consulate be discontinued.
Mr. COX. I think it would be wise to dis-
continue it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The letterfrom
the Secretary of State, which has been read,
came here since the committee aeted on this
question, and upon consultation here in the
House we have decided to recommend tha
amendment which the gentleman from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Sargent] has offered.
Mr. HALE. There is an amendment which
should be made in the iirst paragraph of the
Senate amendment. According to the papers
before the committee the amount should he
$3,000, instead of $6,000.
The SPEAKER. That amendment will be
made if there be no objection.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I think that the first
paragraph of the Senate amendment needs
more explanation than has been given. The
expense of removing the office of the United
States minister from Florence to Rome musl
have been very slight, for the distance, as gen-
tlemen are aware, is very short. I cannot con
ceive how so large an expense could have beer
incurred in the removal.
Mr. HALE. It is for rent as well as fbl
expenses of removal.
Mr. \V. II. ROBERTS. So far as the lega
tion at Florence is concerned, I think that it it
were abolished the loss to the United States
would be small. 1 went to the office of thai
legation on one occasion to have my passport
vised, and I found the office in charge ot an
official belonging to the English legation, the
American representative being absent Irotp hif
post. Probably things are better there now
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In answer t(
the gentleman, I will say that in 18C7 I ob-
tained a passport at that legation, and I thought
the work well done. I send to the Clerk's
desk to be read a letter from the Secretary of
State showing the necessity for tuis appro-
priation.
The Clerk read as follows :
Department of State,
Washington, March 8, IS ■ z.
Sjr : I return herewith the memorandum ot Mi"
George P. Harsh, which accompanied your note oi
the Tth instant. . ,,
In answer to your request for information on tnt
subject of the memorandum, I beliove that the state
mentsof Mr. Marsh in the inclosed paper are correct
Mr. Marsh was appointed envoy extraordinary
and minister plenipotentiary to Italy on the ^Uta
March, 1861, andshoitly after repaired to the seat
of government, which then was at Turin. The trans-
fer of the seat of government m 1805 from iurm to
Florence involved the necessity ot the 1 el.n0\
the dijilom ttic corps from the former to the iattei
city, and Mr. Marsh was obliged to break up his es-
tablishment m Tuiin, and at heavy expense remove
to Florence, where the establishment of the cou"
at once enhanced the cost of living, ana therein
ot houses, and Mr. Marsh was obliged to make ms
engagements under the largely advanced scale o
expenditure which became prevalent in H'licnet.
Again, within a recent period, tho Italian
has once more been removed, this time from Jinn
■ ence to Rome, and Mr. Marsh has again been sun-
