402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
hereafter be eligible to any Federal office wlio
is addicted to the use of intoxicating liquors
as a beverage; which were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LOGAN presented the petition of Key.
Charles Cain, praying compensation for ser-
vices rendered as chaplain of the sixty-fourth
regiment Illinois infantry volunteers; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I present
the petition of manufacturers of envelopes,
printers, and stationers, who reside in Put-
nam, Connecticut, setting forth that the Gov-
ernment, through the Post Office Depart-
ment, is manufacturing and selling envelopes
at or'below their cost,, stating their objections,
and proposing an amendment to the present
law as a remedy. I move its reference to the
. Committee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Those petitions
have been referred generally to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I have no
objection to that reference.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This petition
will be so referred.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present the petition of a
number of citizens of Minnesota, of the same
character as that offered by the Senator from
Con nee; icut before me, Mr. Ferry,] complain-
ing that the Government, through the Post
Office Department, is manufacturing stamped
envelopes and selling them below cost. A
great number of these petitions have been pre-
sented at this session, and probably at previous
sessions. They all bear the same impress,
are printed on the same press, wilh blanks for
names to be signed. These petitioners labor
under a great misapprehension on this sub-
ject. The Government does not manufacture
stamped envelopes, and never did. it con-
tracts with private parties for the manufacture
of stamped envelopes under the law, and does
not sell thein for less than cost, but for about
ten per cent, over the cost, and thus secures
to the remotest parts of the Republic the most
perfcct envelope, which they could not have
there if ihey were supplied by private parties.
All this is done under the law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition
will be referred, to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, presented the
memorial of Alfred Spink, of Chicago, Illi-
nois, and Daniel Wolf, of Cincinnati, praying
indemnification to the amount of $39,831 12
paid by them for two hundred and seventy-
seven bales of cotton bought from one William
L. Grant, at Memphis, Tennessee, which cot-
ton was seized by the Government; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mi*. WRIGHT presented the petition of H.
S. Brackct and others, bookselleis, stationers,
and mechanics, Council Bluffs, Iowa, protest-
ing against the sale of stamped envelopes by
the Government; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CALDWELL presented the petition of
S. S. Barnes, praying for payment of the
sum of $550, the value of subsistence supplies
used by the army in Colorado Territory in
1802; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Thomas
H. Yeatman, praying to be paid $1,275, being
the amount of vouchers issued for the rental of
buildings used by the quartermaster's depart-
ment; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
He also presented a petition of members of
the bar of Leavenworth, Kansas, praying that
terms of the circuit and district courts of the
United States for the district of Kansas be
held at that city; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
_ Mr. POOL. Yesterday f presented a peti-
tion in behalf of the heirs and legal represent-
atives of Joseph Wheaton, deceased, and I did
not ask that it be printed. I now move that
the petition be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. NORWOOD presented a memorial of
the Legislature of Georgia, relative to water
communication between the Atlantic and Mis-
sissippi ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Georgia, in favor of the payment to
those Cherokee Indians who remained in that
State, and are now citizens thereof, of t,heir pro
rata share of the moneys arising from the sale
of the Cherokee lands sold under the treaty
of 1866. and of their pro rata share of all
other moneys due under the several treaties
between the United States and the Cherokees;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. POMEROY. I am charged with a
memorial signed by John T. Sargent, of Bos-
ton, president of the Prohibitory Club, in which
he asks that there shall be a disability imposed
by an amendment to the Constitution upon
Federal officers who are addicted to the use of
intoxicating liquors as a beverage, and that
drunkenness by any incumbent of such office
shall be considered cause for impeachment.
I ask that this memorial take the same refer-
ence which other petitions of the same kind
have taken.
The VICE PRESIDENT. One such peti-
tion to-day has been referred to the Commit-
tee on Privileges and Elections and one to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY. My own opinion was that
it should go to the Committee on Disabilities;,
but I move that this be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I am charged with a
petition from the same source, asking for
legislation by Congress upon the subject, of
the importation and sale of intoxicating liquors,
and tor the passage by Congress of a prohibit-
ory law. I ask that this petition, very respect-
ably signed as it is by Rodney French, John
T. Sargent, Rev. Mr. Miner, and others of
Boston, be-referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I understood the
Senator correctly, one of the petitions he has
presented is precisely like one that was re-
ferred to another committee. I think petitions
of the sb me character ought to go to the same
committee.
Mr. POMEROY. Since the vote of the
Senate to which the Senator alludes the Sen-
ate has ordered several of these petitions to
go to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed one vote of
the Senate would carry all petitions of the
same kind to the same committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair drew
the attention of the Senate to the vote which
had been taken when the Senator from New
York presented a similar petition, but that
Senator stated, in spite of the vote. of the
Senate, which was repeated from the Chair,
that he desired to have that petition from
Cortland New York, referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and it was done by vote
of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think they should go
to one committee. It is not important, per-
haps, what, committee has them; but after the
vote of the Senate I snppo! ed they would all
follow one direction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate, how-
ever, changed its direction on the suggestion
of the Senator from New York, and on his
motion the question was submitted by the Chair
to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware of it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on referring this petition to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. POMEROY. This is similar to one
already referred to that committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is its character?
Mr. POMEROY. I have presented two.
One relates to an amendment of the Constitu
tion. and another to the passage of a prohib-
itory law by Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to take
any more time about it. The Senate will do
as they please.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kansas moves that this petition be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to give notice that
afier the morning hour, with the unanimous
consent of the Senate, I should like to make
some remarks that I desired to make on Fri-
day last, but which were postponed by the
adjournment over. If there is any other
important business to be presented, I do not
wish to interfere with it. If the Senate will
consent, however, I desire to be heard this
morning.
Mr. SUMNER. I will say to my friend that
I expected to-day to go on with evidence and
testimony showing the necessity of the action
of Congress for the protection of equal rights,
and also showing the desire of the colored
people that they should have their rights be-
fore rebels receive amnesty. But then I am
perfectly willing to defer to the Senator. I only
wish it to be understood that I desire to be
heard on that subject.
Mr. LOGAN, if it will interfere with any-
body else I do not wish to go on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois gives notice that he desires at the
expiration of the morning hour, if it meets the
concurrence of the Senate, to submit some
remarks on a bill important to his constitu-
ents, which was assigned by the Senate for
Friday last, but which was passed over by the
adjournment from Thursday to Monday.
THE TARIFF SALT DUTY.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the bill (IT. R. No. 173) to repeal the duties on
salt, to report it back with a number of amend-
ments in the nature of a substitute, and also
as a substitute for other bills of the House. I
am further directed by the same committee
to move that the bill, with the amendments,
be printed and recommitted to the commit-
tee. 1 will state that it is the purpose of the
committee not to preclude themselves from
further examination into themerits of the mat-
ters of detail contained in these amendments,
but simply to give the public at large the gen-
eral direction of our examinations, so that we
may be able to hear any objections that may
be made to the amendments, and may be able
more fully to consider them ; and I hope that
probably within a week or two we shall be
able to present the subject for the considera-
tion of the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Can the Senator state briefly
the nature of the amendments?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
first state the pending question before the
Senator from Ohio proceeds. The Senator
from Ohio, from the Committee on Finance,
reports back the House bill repealing the duty
on salt with various amendments, and moves
that the bill, with the amendments, be printed
and recommitted to the committee. That is
the question before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
Ohio propose to ask a vote now on the ques-
tion of recommittal?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that the pur-
pose of offering the amendments now is that
they may be printed, so that the people at
large who are interested in the subjects-matter
embraced in the amendments may see them,
and that the committee may have an oppor-
tunity of hearing any objections which may be
made to them. I state at the same time, how-
ever, that probably within a week or two, aa
