1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
soon as we are able to hear some delegations
that are now on their way here on subjects
embraced in the amendment, we will present
the bill to the Senate for its action.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objec'ion, the bill and amendments will be
ordered to be piinted That order is made;
and the question is on the motion to recom-
mit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the bill will not
be recommitted.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the Senator from
Illinois proceeds. I desire to offer, in connec-
tion with the same subject, an order that five
hundred extra copies of the bill and amend-
ments be piinted'for the use of the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion
will be referred to the Committee on Printing,
under the law. The question now recurs on
the motion to recommit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it will
be borne in mind that I gave notice before the
holidays of an intention to move to discharge
the Committee on Finance from the consider-
ation of the bills repealing the duties on coal
and salt, with a view to bring them before the
Senate for its action. Tliey are simple propo-
sitions, easily understood by everybody, and
involve, as I think, a principle upon which the
country is anxiou3 to know the views of Con-
gress. I hope that we shall be permitted to
act upon this bill without any recommitment
to the Committee on Finance, and that the
Senate will also discharge that committee from
the consideration of the hill repealing the duty
on coal. In fact, those bills were referred to
the Committee on Finance, after some objec-
tion, at the last session of Congress. I was
not present at the time they were referred, or
I should have objected then as far as I was
concerned, with a view to bring the Senate to
a direct vote upon these questions, and I hop®
now that the Senate will refuse to recommit
this bill. It is now before us; and for what
possible object is it to be recommitted to the
Committee on Finance?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sen-
ator 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understood the Sen-
ator to state that, he wanted to hear 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois yield to the Senator from
Ohio, or decline to yield?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I certainly yield to the
Senator from Ohio, if he wishes to make a
statement.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state to the Sen-
ator the specific object of this motion. Sev-
eral gentlemen from different States, including
the btates of Michigan, New York, and Ohio,
have requested an interview upon the very
suhject embraced m the original bill—the sub-
ject of the duty on salt—stating that they are
prepared to submit, information of a statistical
and important character which may affect the
decision of the Senate. We deemed it proper,
therefore, to give them a hearing; but we
thought at the same lime it was due to the
public at large that we should report the bill
in its present shape, so that, they might see the
general direction of ihe examinations of the
commiitee, and have an opportunity to make
objections to its report,, so that we may meet
the objections if possible. But the specific
reason why we desire delay is to give this dele-
gation, which I am told is to be here on
Thursday or Friday next, an opportunity to
be heard befoie the Committee on Finance
011 the subject, of tfie salt duty, a request we
have never refused, and I thiuk it ought to be
granted.
Mr. TPwUMBULL. This is not a new sub-
ject. We have all of us received numerous
publications from ihfse silt companies object-
ing to the repeal of tlie duly 0:1 salt. ilie
whole country understands the question. We
have official reports before us showing that for
the privilege of importing a little over a mil-
lion dollars' worth of salt we have had to pay
more than $1,000,000. We have paid more
than its value for the privilege of importing it!
It is a question that has been long before
Congress. This bill passed the House of Rep-
resentatives at the last session, and are we to
wait to hear all these parties before the Com-
mittee ou Finance reports the bill back, when
it has got half a dozen bills pending on this
subject ? There is not, only this bill, but, there
is a hill to repeal the duty on coal, and bills, I
think, before the same committee to repeal the
duties on tea and coffee. Several bills of this
character are before ihe committee. Now, it
is very questionable whether the Committee ou
Finance can introduce, by way of amendment
to these bills, a general bill regulating duiies.
or any bill regulating duties. According to
the understanding of the Senate, and of the
Senator from Ohio himself, a bill to repeal an
existing duty is not a bill for the purpose of
raising revenue.
Such was the opinion of the _Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott,] who is also, I be-
lieve, a member of the Committee on Fiuance,
and who, I think, made an elaborate report, or
if not, expressed his views that the Senate had
a right to originate a bill repealing a duty, and
that that was not in a constitutional sense a bill
for the raising of revenue. That, too, was the
view taken by the Senate ; but it was not agreed
to, I am aware, by the other House : si ill, it was
the view taken by the Senate. If that view
be correct, then it is not competent for the
Senate, by way of amendment to these bills,
to so amend them as to provide for raising rev
enue; because, under the Consiiiution, the
Senate is not competent to originate revenue
bills ; and that furnishes a reason why this bdl
should be acted upon by itself; and 1 hope
that the Senate will not consent to recommit
the bill. Let it lie on the table. There is no
disposition to act upon it to-day, I presume.
Let it remain here. In the mean time those
gentlemen who are anxious to be heard upon
this question can come here, lay their papers
before Congress, or before the members of the
Finance Committee if they desire, and we can
have early action upon this measure ; but I
trust it will not go back to the Committee on
Finance. 1 hope the Senator from Ohio will
return us also the coal bill, that we may act
upon that.
When I gave notice of my intentionto move
to discharg i the committee from the further
consideration of these bills, I had no purpose,
in proposing such a motion, to do an act dis-
courteous at all to the Committee on Finance,
and I wish to disabuse the public mind—I do
not suppose that the members of the commit-
tee have any such feeling—upon that subject.
My object was simply to get the matter before
the Senate so that we could act separately upon
these questions ; and I thought in that way,
perhaps, we could get at the feeling of the
Seuaie, and ascertain whether it was the sense
of this body to repeal the duties upon these
two articles. That noiice having been given a
month ago, and the Committee on Finance
having taken no action upon the subject of the
coal bill, E am sure at tins lime there ought not
to be any delicacy in voting according to the
feelings of every member upon that subject.
Having Siid this much, Mr. President,, I
hope this bill will not be recommitted, but ihat
it will go on the Calendar, to be acted upon
when it shall suittheeonveuience of the Senate
to consider it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. T suppose the
Senator from Illinois is anxious to have eatly
action upon tliis hill, and if so, I am somewhat
astonished at his course this morning. I have
never known'either House to refuse the court-
esy to a committee, and especially to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means or the Committee
on Finance, to have a bill printed mainly for
their own information and use. The Senator
from Illinois must be aware ihatwhenever the
salt bill or the coal bill comes up any Senator
will bef'at liberty to move any amendment he
chooses, aud thereby bring up the whole ques-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. MORL11LL, of Vermont. That has been
the example and the experience of the Senate
over and over again. Now, sir, if the bill
shall be piinted and recommitted, it is not the
purpose of ihe committee to retain the bill, to
keep the Senator from Illinois from having a
vote upon it at the earliest practicable moment.
I am very certain that the course now pursued
by the Senator from Illinois will have the effect
to retard it. Does ho wish to have this gen-
eral discussion go on until ihere shall be a full
and final report? I hope not. Then, sir, it
seems to me but fair, after the Committee on
Finance have given assurances to certain par-
ties that tlie bill would not be presented for
final action until ihey were heard, that they
should be allowed to carry out that promise on
the part of the committee.
Mr. President, ihis is a somewhat important
question ; and 1 trust that while the Senator
from llliuois disclaims on his part that be pur-
poses any discourtesy to the Committee on
Finance, the Senate itself will not be guilty of
au act of oiscsurtesy to that commitiee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have but a word to say
on this subject; and that is, that in my experi-
ence on this committee the coursel have now
pursued by the direction of the committee has
been the uniform course. Tariff bills have
always been reported and recommitted. They
are leported for the public information, so
that the people at large may have time and
opportunity to oppose the recommendations
of the committee if they see proper. This
coarse has always been the course pursued by
the Senate ou such questions. They are usually
recommitted, and atier a reconsideration, or a
rehearing of such parties as desired to be
heard, the bill is again presented for the final
aci ion of the Senate; and I desire to assure
the Senator fiom Illinois that if he supposes
the Committee on Financehave any disposition
to delay 1 his matter, he is very much mistaken.
The point the Senator now makes, it seema
to me, is hypercritieisin. lie sajs we have no
right to propose amendments to a House bill,
because the Senate have decided that a bill to
repeal taxes is not a revenue bill. Now, if
this bill is not a revenue bill we have the clear
right to propose any amendments, that we see
proper. If it is a revenue bill we have a i ight
to propose amendments, because it is a House
bill aud comes to us from the House of Rep-
resentatives. But, I will say to the Senator,
there will be no question raised between the
two Houses as to our authority to propose tbece
amendment?. The course we have marled out
for ourselves will avoid all ihe contioversies
that have hitherto existed between the two
Houses in regard to ihis subject matter, and
the course that is pursued now is in accord-
ance with the understanding between the com-
mi:tees of the two Houses. There can be no
objection to it. We piopose amendments to.
their bill, a bill which they claim to be a rev-
euue hill, and we liavea light to do that by the
express provisions of the Constitution of the
United S:ales.
1 hope the ordinary course will be pursued
in this ease, and I give the assurance that within
a week from this iime, as soon as we can get
the atteniion of the Senate, we will call the
maiter up for its aeiion, and then the Senator
will have an opportunity to have sotes ou tho
various points he d":-ires to present.
The amendments to this bid also include
the subject-milt'er of the other bills sent to the
Commitiee on Finance, and therefore tlure is
no occasion to ieport back more than one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. ^ fbat is the very objec-
tion 1 have to this bill going to the Commit-
tee on Finance. Hie Senator, in the last
remaik he made, discloses what the Commit-
tee on Finance ate doing, instead of resort-
ing these separate bills which the House of
