1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1299
Massachusetts intends to debate it, but he will
ascertain from what he states now. The Chair
cannot cut him off. He may move to adjourn
or to go into executive session. The Chair
will wait until he hears what the Senator from
Massachusetts desires to say.
Mr. SUMNER. The Chair will remember
that some moments ago I proposed to the
Chair to withdraw the preamble. I have no
objection to laying the preamble on the table;
I will willingly let it lie on the table. The
resolution has passed ; that is enough 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a question of
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator from Massachusetts that
the motion to lie on the table is not debatable.
Mr. SUMNER. I purpose to withdraw the
preamble.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
is engaging in debate as the Chair thinks.
Mr. SUMNER, I submit to the Chair
whether it is not in order for me to withdraw
the preamble ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. First, I must have my
request complied with, to have the yeas and
nays ordered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont rose and was recognized by the Chair
and demanded the yeas and nays on the ques-
tion of laying the preamble on the table. The
Chair must put that question to the Senate.
It is not debatable.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I believe I have a right
to ask a question for information.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not when Sen-
ators demand that the rules shall be rigidly
observed, as several Senators have done, and
the Chair has been compelled to say to one or
two Senators chat debate on this proposition
is not in order. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania can ask unanimous consent to make a
statement. The Chair thinks more than one
fifth of the Senate have seconded the demand
for the yeas and nays on the motion of the
Senator from Vermont. If tlie Senator from
Pennsylvania challenges that, the Chair will
count the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I have no desire to chal-
lenge anything.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and
nays are ordered. The motion i3 not debata-
ble. The Senator from Pennsylvania desires
to submit a statement of some kind, the Chair
understands.
Mr. CAMERON. I do not know exactly
how to vote on this question. I think the pre-
amble is the indictment, and I want the indict-
ment to go out 
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that it is debate and out of order.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I will sit down.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair dis-
likes to check the Senator from Pennsylvania,
but Senators desire that the rules be enforced.
The pending motion is not debatable, and un-
less some Senator moves an adjournment the
Secretary will call the roll upon it.
Mr. THURMAN. I want to know what
question the Senate is to vote on.
The VICE PRESIDENT. To lay the pre-
amble on the table, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 40, nay 1; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Borcman, Brownlow, Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter. Casserly, Clayton, Conkling,
Cragin, Davis of West Virginia, Flanagan, Freling-
huysen, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Harian, ilili, Johns-
ton, Kellogg, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Norwood, Nye, Osborn, Pratt, Robertson,
Bchurz, Seott, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Steven-
son, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers,
"West, and Wright—40.
NAY-Mr. Edmunds—1.
ABSENT—Messrs, Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bay-
ard. Blair, Buckingham, Chandler, Cole, Cooper,
Corbett. Davis of Kentucky, Fenton, Eerryof Con-
necticut, i^erry of Michigan, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin,Hitchcock,Howe,Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Ram-
sey, Bice, Saulsbury, Sawyer, Stewart, Stockton,
Wilson, and Windom—32.
So it was ordered that the preamble He on
the table.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
Mr. MORTON. Is it in order to make a
single remark ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Spragub] is recog-
nized, having in charge the business of the
Committee on Appropriations in the absence
of its chairman. Will the Senator from Rhode
Island yield to the Chair?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Certainly.
The VICE_ PRESIDENT. The language
of the resolution is that a select, committee of
seven shall be appointed. It is therefore to
be appointed under the thirty-fifth rule of the
Senate, which this resolution quotes. After
speaking of the standing committees, the
thirty-fifth rule reads :
" All other committees shall be appointed by bal-
lot, and a plurality of votes shall make a choice."
The exact word being used about the ap-
pointment of the committee that is used in
the rule, the Chair supposes the Senate desire
that to be inferred, and he prefers himself as
a matter of propriety that the Senate should
elect this committee as they elected the com-
mittee of investigation. The rule of the Sen-
ate, therefore, will to-morrow m rning or this
evening be carried out by the election of the
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Chair
appoint the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to any motion
at the present time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
prefer that the motion should be withdrawn.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to take up the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. MORTON. I merely wish to make a
single remark: that the Senators on the other
side having voted to lay this preamble on the
table, it must be regarded -as a confession in
open court.
Mr. SUMNER. Since the Senator from
Indiana proposes another conflict on this ques-
tion, I reply that the vote shows no such thing.
I voted to lay the preamble on the table 
Mr. MORTON. That is what I said.
Mr. SUMNER. It is what the Senator
said, but he said something more. The Sen-
ator said that it shows a confession. No such
thing. I have already explained and vindi-
cated the preamble except in one clause. The
preamble has done its work. The resolution
is adopted after three weeks debate, to which
the Senator from Ohio has called attention.
There were two of us, I would remind the
Senator. Who occupied the attention of the
Senate all that time? Was it us ? No, sir, it
was the numbers of the Senate against only two
who wgre leading in this work of inquiry. It
was those numbers who prolonged the debate.
And does the Senator from Ohio know that it
was on the other side that the first allusions
were made to the President? I made no allu-
sion to the President, I never have from be-
ginning to end. The Senator to-night has
made a political speech. I have made none.
The Senator has undertaken to vindicate Gen-
eral Grant. I made no allusion to General
Grant  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
now state to the Senator from Massachusetts,
having not interfered with his remarks, that
by the eleventh rule the merits of the bill pro-
posed to be considered cannot be debated on
the motion to take up, and certainly some-
thing else cannot be.
Mr. SUMNER. But the Chair certainly
knows that the Senator from Indiana began
the fray.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts has repeatedly stated so
to the Chair when, after indulging in a line of
debate, the Chair has felt the necessity of
interfering. The Senator from Indiana itione
sentence, which the Chair was unable to
arrest until the sentence was completed, made
his remark. The Senator from Massachusetts
has spoken several sentences; and the Chair
at first supposed the reply was to be as brief,
perhaps, as the remark, which was not strictly
in order, of the Senator from'Indiaua. Fail-
ing to ascertain that, the Chair thought the
rule must be brought to the attention of the
Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. I was on the floor, and I
move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us take up the appro-
priation bill first.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say a word in
reply to the Senator from Massachusetts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
hear but one Senator at a time. He must say
to the Senator from Pennsylvania that the
Senator from Massachusetts claimed the floor
after the Chair had stated that he was out of
order. The Chair will state to the Senator
from Massachusetts that a Senator does not
retain the floor when he is decided by the
Presiding Officer or the Senate to be out of
order. The question now is on the motion of
the Senator from Rhode Island that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill.
Mr. CAMERON. Now I wish to make a
remark in justification of myself. I voted to
lay the preamble on the table because I be-
lieved——
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
now state to the Senator from Pennsylvania
that he must ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to proceed.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us take up the bill
first, and then the Senator will be in order.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well; take up the
bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Rhode
Island, that the Senate proceed to the consid-
eration of the executive, legislative, and judi-
cial appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. Now I suppose it is in
order for me to say what I wish to say. I
should have been done before this time 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
not state the pending proposition, which is as
to a proviso on the twenty-second page of the
bill.
Mr. CAMERON. I should have been done
before this time if I had not been interrupted.
I arose only to say that I voted to lay the pre-
amble on the table because I thought the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts had given up his
indictment. As he says now that he is still in
earnest on that subject, I move to reconsider
the vote which laid the preamble on tho table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion
will be entered ; it cannot be considered while
the appropriation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. Has the Senator from
Pennsylvania concluded?
Mr. CAMERON. I have concluded.
Mr. CONKLING. I shall move that the
Senate adjourn in a moment; but before doing
so I wish to find fault with my honorable
friend from Indiana. I understand him to
say that the Senator from Massachusetts has
confessed the preposterous character of his
preamble and its disastrous overthrow by
voting to lay it on the table. I agree with the
Senator that that is a pretty good confession ;
but I want, to remind bim of the error he com-
mits. The cognovit of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, tlie unmistakable, complete con-
fession entered by that Senator was put upon
the record when he sought, after all his brave
words, to be allowed to haggle this preamble
out of sight. When he explains away that
confession I think he will need no apology fo*
