1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3091
- jected to the expense of an involuntary removal,
and to the increase of rents which took place at
Rome on its becoming once more the seat of the
Italian Government, and he again finds himself
with engagements which prudence seemed to dictate
necessary at Florence, of which he cannot be re-
lieved except at a large loss, by reason of the dimin-
ished value of rents, &c., since the royal court has
removed irorn that city.
It seems but equitable that Mr. Marsh should be
relieved of the heavy burden thus twice thrown
upon him by the removal of the seat of government
of the country to which he is accredited.
The sum of §3,000, which he estimates for the ex-
pense and loss attendant on the removal from Turin
to Florence, would seem to be reasonable, and may
I think be taken as a proper measure of indemnifi-
cation for the late removal from Florence to Rome.
I return herewith the memorandum of Mr. Marsh
and the dralt of a suggested amendment to the con-
sular and diplomatic appropriation bill which ac-
companied your letter.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
HAMILTON FISH.
Eon. Simon Cameron, Chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, Senate.
Inelosures.
Memorandum of George P. Marsh, and the draft
of a suggested amendment to the consular and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill.
- Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask for a vote
first on the motion striking out a $6,000" and
inserting " $3,000."
Jit. BROOKS, of New York. I hope that
will be agreed to ; and I congratulate the
House that after three successive struggles in
three successive Congresses we have a minis-
ter at Rome at last. [Laughter.]
* The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now ask a
vote on the amendment of the gentleman from
California, [Mr. Saugext.]
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was concurred in.
The Clerk read the tenth amendment of the
Senate, as follows:
Add:
For compensation to the president and members
of the council of the District of Columbia, for tho
session commencing on the 8th of November, 1871,
$2,880.
Mr. AMBLER. I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
whether the law establishing the territorial
government here required that we should pay
these expenses?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is so under-
stood, that the law requires it.
Mr. AMBLER. Unless the law requires it I
hope the amendment will not be concurred in.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Commit-
tee on Appropriations recommend concur-
rence in this amendment. ] will agree with
my honorable colleague that unless the or-
ganic act of tills District required the payment
of these expenses by the United States that
amendment should not be concurred in ; but it
does require it, and these officers are appointed
by the President and confirmed by the Senate.
Mr. COX. Did the gentleman from Ohio
say these are our officers whom the President
appoints ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have said that
the organic law ot this District requires that
we should pay these expenses, and therefore
the Committee on Appropriations recommend
concurrence.
Mr. COX. I did not vote for it. It is a
funny law, and I am against it, and think we
ought to repeal it.
The amendment was concurred m.
The Clerk read the eleventh amendment of
the Senate, as follows;
Add:
For printing and binding house and council jour-
nals ot the filth session of tho Legislative Assembly
ot Montana Territory, $2.-100,
For compensation of members of the fifth Legis-
lature ot Montana Territory, $847.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Commit-
tee on Appropriations recommend concur-
rence m that amendment, with an amendment
striking outforty-seven" and inserting u sev-
enteen.'
The amendment was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
The Clerk read the twenty-fourth amend-
ment of the Senate, as follows:
Add:
For rearranging tho heating apparatus of the
Treasury building, according to plans to be ap-
proved by the Secretary of the Treasury, $19,840.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Committee
on Appropriations recommend concurrence in
that amendment, with an amendment to add
these words:
Which shall be available to the close of the year
ending June 30,1873.
This amendment is necessary to make it run
over to the next year.
Mr. COX. I suppose it will be expended
before the presidential election.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The end of the
present fiscal year is near at hand, and this is
for the purpose of extending it over to the
next year.
The amendment was agreed to; and the
Senate amendment,, as amended, was then con-
curred in.
The Clerk read the twenty-sixth amendment
of the Senate, as follows:
Strike out these words:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
hereby is, authorized to pay to tho Second Comp-
trolleradditional compensation to equalize his salary
with that of the First Comptroller : Provided, That
with such additional compensation the appropria-
tion for the Second Comptroller's office for the pres-
ent fiscal year shall not be exceeded.
And m lieu thereof insert as follows:
That the salary of the Second Comptroller of the
Treasury shall, after the 30th day of June, 1871, be
$5,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Committee
on Appropriations recommend concurrence
in that amendment of the Senate with an
amendment as follows: strike out the words
which the Senate propose to insert. The
effect of it will be to strike out the whole
thing.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. What
is the difference?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will say, in
reply to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
that in the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropiiation bill the Senate agreed to raise
the salary of the Secund Comptroller to
$4,000. While that was pending, and before
our action, this bill had an amendment put on
in the House raising the salary of the Second
Comptroller for the past year, so as to equal-
ize his salary to that of the First Comptroller.
The two Houses have agreed to make the
salary of the Second Comptroller $4,000, and
therefore the committee recommend non-con-
currence in this amendment. Now, the com-
mittee is desirous of dropping the whole sub-
ject out of this bill, for the reason that it is
provided for in the bill which became law last
Friday. We therefore recommend concur-
rence in the striking out of the House para-
graph, and recommend non-concurrence in
the words the Senate have put in its place.
The result will be that there will be no legis-
lation at all. After having legislated on the
subject in the other bill, we do not want ex-
ceptionally to go back and raise one man's
salary for the past.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Have I
the right to the lloor for five minutes on this
subject?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will yield to
the gentleman in a few moments, alter I get
through. After a full discussion between the
two Houses on the subject of salaries, it was
concluded that the salaries of three executive
officers should be raised: those ol the Second
Comptroller, the Auditor of the Treasury, and
the supervising architect. It was agreed that
their salaries should be put up to §4,000 apiece,
to begin with the beginning of I he next fiscal
year; that is. July 1, 1S712 Before that was
done this legislation was put in tne present
bill. But, the committee thought that it was
subsequently done by the legislative appropii-
ation bill, superseding what is here proposed.
We therefore ask that this paragraph be
dropped out, the increase having been pro-
vided for in the other bill. If the House
wishes now, after having raised the Second
Comptroller's salary to $4,000, to pass a bill
a week later raising it to $5,000, the House
can do so.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
conceive that to be a valid objection to what
is here proposed. I will state to the House
what is the exact position of this matter. This
deficiency bill was considered by the Senate
after the legislative bill, and what we have
here is the judgment, the last judgment of the
Senate.
The Second Comptroller had had his salary
kept back, under some idea that being called
the Second Comptroller lie was not equal in
position to the First Comptroller; that there
was something between them like the relation
of master and subordinate, or rather, perhaps,
captain and lieutenant; whereas the fact is
that thp Second Comptroller deals with treble
the amount the First Comptroller does.
When the salary of the First Comptroller
was raised, I remember a gentleman getting
up in this House and saying that the Second
Comptroller should not have his raised also,
because he was subordinate. He did not
really know anything about it,. Now, here
the House deliberately after debate raised
the salary of the Second Comptroller to an
equality with that of the First Comptroller ;
and the committee now, without instruction
from the House, and without any diverse legis-
lation from the Senate, have of their own
motion struck it out. Is that right?
Mr. GAKFlliLD, of Ohio. We have been
instructed by the House the other way.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Not at
all. The instruction of the House was that
the salary should be $4,000. We took what
we could get; but the commiitee, by their
present recommendation, would put the salary
of this officer at $;i.000. They would leave
him vvlieie he is at $3,000 for the past, year,
when the Senate have put it up to $-5,000,
while the House wanted to put it up to $o 000
in one bill and $4,000 in another bill. That
was the instruction of the House, but the com-
mittee have chosen to go their own way.
Therefore I do not think, after the House and
the Senate have both concurred, only one in
one form and another in another form in the
proposition, that the committee ought to rec-
ommend non-concurrence ; for (lie amend-
ment ot the Senate is only changed iu respect
of the language in which it is expressed.
The question being taken on concurring in
the recommendation of the committee to con-
cur in the Senate amendment striking out and
to concur in the Senate substitute, it was
agreed to—ayes 89, noes 34.
The Clerk read the thirty-eighth amendment
of the Senate, as follows:
Insert after line five hundred and forty-two til©
following:
JJmvided, That no part of this appropriation, nor
any appropriation tor the several .Departments of
the Government, shall be expended for telegraph-
ing between said Departments and their oth.'ers or
agents, except at rates tijot to be established by the
Postmaster General, under section two ot chapter
two hundred and thirty of tho statutes of 1806, whoa
over lines subject tnereto.
The committee recommend concurrence in
the above amendment of the Senate, with the
following amendment:
Substitute in lieu of the Senate amendment the
following:
Provided, That no part of thi?a ppropriation. nor
of any appropriation [or tho several Departments of
the Government, shall be paid to any telegraphic
company which shall neglect or refuse to transmit
telegraphic communications between siieh Depart-
ment, ttieir officers, agent*. or emplojes, under the
provisions ol tiie second section ol chapter two hun-
dred and thirty ot the statutes el the United States
lor the year 186ti, and at rate- ol compensation ihero-
for to be established by the Postmaster General.
Mr. BROOKS of New York. We have not
time to look into these statutes, and I hope
the gentleman will explain what this amend-
ment means.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will state that
