352
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 4,
Senate.
Equal Rights in Public Schools—Mr. Bayard.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
redeem them in gold. Yea. pay them in an-
nual installments of $125,000,000 which were
reserved out of the annual revenue in our
calculations for the purpose. Collect that
amount from our custom duties in gold, and
as our importing merchants are required to
deal in sterling exchange, or other exchange
on a gold basis, let them compel European
restitution in gold through our exports. In-
stead of paying it in interest to the bondholder
it will be scattered all over the land to the
holders of the Treasury notes.
These annual payments in gold will brace
the Treasury notes against depreciation, grad-
ually retire them, improve their value as the
amount in circulation grows less, and at the
end of sixteen years the whole national debt
will be paid ; and instead of having a debt of
$2,000,000,000 in interest-bearing bonds, we
will have that amount of gold as a substitute
distributed among the people.
Not only so, but the whole structure of high
tariffs, national bonds, and banks would fall
in like a building undermined ; not only so,
but the Government would arise and tower in
its pride of freedom and strength and shake
from its limbs the shackles of debts, tariffs,
and rings ; not only so, but it would be proud
of its new-built and reconstructed Navy, and
would not turn aside if it met the British lion
in its . path ; not only so, but the Govern-
ment could administer equal justice to a
happy and prosperous people.
Then let the Government retrench its ex-
travagance, lay its tariff for revenue alone,
and with a benign policy, like the cope of
heaven, sr>an every department of industry
alike; and while the land may tremble with
rumbling machinery, let the tariff blockades
be struck down to give vent to our redundant
commerce; let our argosies be turned loose to
climb the waves of every sea, and go touching
at every island, landing at every coast, sweep-
ing every continent, gathering up the wealth
of the Old World, and returning to empty
their treasures into the lap of our own country.
appendix.
Tobacco—Ninth Census.
Pounds.
Alabama...  152,742
Arizona ..^  100
Arkansas    594,886
California  63,809
Colorado  890
Connecticut    8,328,798
Delaware  250
Florida    157,405
Georgia   288,596
Illinois    5,249,274
Indiana  9,325,392
Iowa   71,792
Kansas  33,241
Kentucky 105,305,869
Louisiana ....    15,541
M-une  15
Maryland  J5,785,339
Massachusetts  7,312,885
Michigan  5,385
Minnesota  8.247
Mississippi  61,012
Missouri    13,320,483
Montana        600
Nebraska  5,988
Nevada  25
New Hampshire.  155,334
New Jersey  40,871
New Mexico  8,587
New York  2,349,798
North Carolina   11,-150,087
Ohio     18,741,973
Oregon    a, 847
Pennsylvania  3,467.539
Rhode Island ••  796
South Carolina  34,805
Tennessee    21,465,452
Texas s  59,706
Vermont  72.671
Virginia    37,086,364
Washington  1,682
West Virginia  2.046 452
Wisconsin    960,813
Total for the United States 262,735,341
f. a. "walker, Superintendent.
census office, Mm 7,1872.
Equal Rights In Public Schools.
SPEECH OF HON. T. P. BAYARD,
of delaware,
Ik the Senate op the United States,
May 4, 1872.
The Senate, as ill Committee of the Whole, having
under consideration the bill (S. No. 365) to secure
equal lights in the public schools of Washington
and Georgetown—
Mr. BAYARD said:
Mr. President: A low view of political
morality might advise a withdrawal of any
opposition to a measure like this, trusting that
the necessary evils and the sufferings that I
am sure will flow from its adoption would
react upon the political party whose policy is
indicated by such measures; because that
reaction will come if such measures are to be
enforced as the law I deem perfectly certain.
I know that the proposition has lately been
enunciated in a very high quarter of this Gov-
ernment that the true method of dealing with
an obnoxious law is to rigidly enforce its exe-
cution a proposition in my opinion which is
as void of statesmanship as it is of sound mo-
rality, and which nevercould have been uttered
by a man who had a proper conception of the
duties of a civil governor, especially in a Gov-
ernment such as ours was intended to be, a
Government founded upon the consent of an
intelligent self-governing people.
L say it would be a low view of political
morality, one certainly thatl should never con-
sent to act upon; and therefore it is that at all
times and to the extent of my ability, whether
marching to victory or defeat, but neverthe-
less at all times I deem it my duty to oppose
measures of a kindred character with the pres-
ent. Minorities may have terrors to some
men; but I have been in one too long, and I
have fo«nd too much of comfort in being there
myself, to let such propositions have any ter-
ror for me. A man who makes the perform-
ance of duty his object.. I am satisfied will be
happy, whether he be successful or not.
Now. sir, in my opinion this bill ought to be
opposed. It is, in the first place, an utterly
unnecessary law. It is uncalled for in any
sense. There has been presented to this Sen-
ate no indication of popular demand for it.
Those who are chiefly to be affected by it are
well known to be opposed to it; and it does
seem to me, Senators, that the people of this
District, utterly unrepresented on the floor of
this Senate, are entitled to more than usual
consideration, because their voice cannot be
expressed. They have no means of voting
against measures hostile to their happiness or
their interests. They have no means, except
by the humble method of petition, of express-
ing to you what are their sentiments in regard
to every measure; and therefore it seems to
me that magnanimity atone would call for ten-
derness of action against the wishes of these
people who have no representative in this
body. They are in your hands. The control
of the Congress of the United States over the
District of Columbia is as near being absolute
as the forms of a written Constitution can per-
mit. Congress is vested with powers of ex-
clusive legislation on all- subjects whatsoever
within this District, and here is now a prop-
osition to legislate in regard to that which
touches more the social relations, the family
interest, the personal feelings of the white
people and of the colored people—for I am
unmindful of neither—of this District than
any measure which, to my knowledge, has yet
been brought before the Senate of the United
States.
This measure, Mr. President, I propose to
prove to the Senate and to the country is ut-
terly unnecessary. Charity does not demand
it, justice does not demand it, either to
black or to white. There is no need for it.
I shall show you by the provision of your own
laws that the colored people of this District
are amply and generously provided with edu-
cational facilities at the cost of the white peo-
ple almost entirely. Nay, further, sir, this
law is unjust; it is unjust as well as uncalled
for, and it is as cruel as it is either unjust or
uncalled for. It is unwise in every point of
view. Upon the baser view of mere economy
it is unwise; upon the higher view of a true
philanthrophy it is unwise. Mr. President, it
is, in my opinion, a mere act of visionary zeal.
If it has aught to recommend it to the im-
aginations of men, it will be found that it is a
mere act of visionary zeal that men may in
the abstract admire, bht which in practice
must be condemned.
As Madame Roland was dragged to execu-
tion past the statue of Liberty on her way to
the guillotine, she apostrophized that statue,
"Oh, Liberty, what crimes are committed in
thy name!" May not the people of America
now exclaim, " Oh, Philanthropy, what crimes,
what errors, what gross mistakes are commit-
ted in thy name!"
Sir, this is the natural result of a devotion
to any single idea to the exclusion of a just
consideration of those that lie around it. There
is not a virtue in the catalogue which is not
simply relative, which does not depend upon
its being a virtue to the relation that it is per-
mitted to occupy to others, and if any one vir-
tue is pressed to the exclusion of those that
naturally lie around it (for the virtues and ths
vices lie in gfoups) it becomes an absolute
vice. He who of uninspired men understood
best the human heart long ago declared :
" Virtue itself turns vice, being misapplied.
And vice sometimes's by action dignified."
The devotion of the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts to what he believes the cause
and the interest of an inferior and weaker race
has many elements in it which entitle him to
admiration and respect, but pursuing it as ho
does without limit, and, let me say with due
respect, without discretion, without regard to
other virtues whose call upon him is as loud
as that, his sense of justice to other classes of
persons whose claim upon him should be as
great seems to be dulled and deadened. His
ear seems to catch no cry but one; his phi-
lanthropy to echo to but a single appeal.
Then what will be the result if the honor-
able Senator should succeed in his purpose by
energy, by persistence, by a courage which has
never failed in the face of the greatest odds,
all of which I see, all of which I recognize,
because since my manhood I have been most
conscientiously in constant opposition to the
policy and purposes of that Senator, which [
believe to be utterly misdirected in respect to
those who are called the colored people of the
United States? I wilt not enter into a com-
parison of my good will for them with his. It
would prove nothing. I do not know that he
would shrink more than I from an act of injus-
tice to any individual of that people. Perhaps
from the fact that I have lived all my life in a
community where numerically this class were
stronger, and my personal contact with them
more frequent, there has been in the course
of my life a more continuous opportunity for
kindly personal offices t>etween me and this
race of people than the honorable Senator
could ever have enjoyed.
But nevertheless, sir, his efforts however
well intended, however maintained in the face
of strong odds as they have been, and subse-
quently with an overwhelming majority at his
back, although, to do him justice, I believe his
course was as steady and onward in the one
case as the other—what has been the result, and
What does he still propose to be the result of his
action ? * It seetns to me that this proposition
