3988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
ceeded to consider the following House reso-
lution :
Unsolved, (the Senate concurring,) That two thou-
sand copies of each of the reports of the Smith-
sonian Institution.of which the stereotype plates
are now in the Congressional Printing Office, be
printed for distribution by the Smithsonian Institu-
tion to libraries, colleges, and public establishments.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope that resolution
will be agreed to.
The resolution was adopted.
british case at geneva.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am also directed by
the same committee, to whom was referred a
House concurrent resolutio'n for the printing
of extra copies of the message of the Presi-
dent of April 26, 1872, transmitting, in answer
to a resolution of the House of Representatives,
the British counter ease under the treaty of
Washington, to report it back with an amend-
ment, and I ask for its present consideration.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of the
committee, which was to strike out all after
the words "that there be printed," in the first
and second lines of the resolution, and insert:
Three thousand copies of the message of the
President of April 26,1872, transmitting, in answer
to a resolution of the House of Representatives, the
British counter case under the treaty of Washing-
ton with an accompanying appendix, one thousand
copies of which shall be for the use of the Senate,
and two thousand copies for the use of the House of
Itepresentativ es.
Mr. ANTHONY. The amendment cuts the
number down about four fifths.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I rose to object to the
consideration of that report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The objection
is in time. The Senator from Rhode Island
objects to the present consideration of the
resolution, and it will go over until to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then I ask leave to
withdraw the report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Bring it up to-morrow.
Mr. ANTHONY. But 1 cannot do so. I
will withdraw it and present it again to-
morrow.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I make no objection to
that.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have another report
on the same subject, but I suppose my col-
*'•' league would have the same objection to that.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir.
ku klux act.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am also directed by
the same committee, to whom was referred
the following House resolution, to report it
back without amendment, and ask for its
present consideration.
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved ly the House of Representatives, (the Sen-
ate concurring,) That there he printed thirty thou-
sand, copies of the message of the President of the
United States of April 19,1872, and the documents
accompanying the same, in answer to a resolution
of the House ot January 25,1872, asking alt inform-
ation in his possession upon which he acted in exer-
cising the power conferred upon him by the third
and fourth sections of the act of Congress approved
April 20, 1871, the names of the persons who have
been arrested under said act, the number who have
confessed, &c., ten thousand of said copies to be for
the use of the Senate, and twenty thousand for the
use of the House.
Mr. BLAIR. I object to the present con-
sideration of that resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over.
bills introduced,
Mr. SA.WYER, I ask unanimous consent
to take up House bill No. 2683 to grant addi-
tional compensation to the marshal of the dis-
trict court of South Carolina for the period of
four months and ten days.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has not concluded, and the objection
of the Senator from Illinois bars that. Bills
are in order.
Mr. FjtiELINGHUYSEN asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1174) fixing the rank of
Captain Louis C. Sartori; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask unanimous
consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to go
on the Calendar. I hope there will be no
objection to that. I will say it is very essen-
tial for the Department of the Interior that
the bill should be acted upon at an early day.
I have held it back several days in the hope
that I might secure the action of the Senate
at the time it was presented. Not having
been able to do so, I hope to call it up at a
very early day.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 1175) for the relief
of certain Indians in the central superintend-
ency; which was read twice by its title.
COURTS IN NOltTU CAROLINA.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senate resolu-
tions are now in order. There being no reso-
lutious, the morning business has concluded.
Mr. POOL. I move that the Senate take
up House bill No. 2192.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. It. No. 2192) to
establish a western judicial district of North
Carolina, liie pending question being on the
amendment ot' Mr. irumboll, to add the
following sections to the bill:
That there shall bo held by the judge of the dis-
trict court of the United States for the western dis-
trict of Arkansas, two terms of said court in each
year, on the first Mondays of April and October, at
Fort Gibson, in the Indian territory; and that such
public buildings at said place as the judge of said
court shall designate, be, and are hereby, set apart
tor the use ot said court; and terms of the circuit
and district courts shall continue to be held at Fort
Smith, as now provided by law.
Sec. 2. That all male persons over twenty-one
years of ago residing in said distrietshalt be compe-
tent to serve as jurors in said court held in said ter-
ritory: Provided, That the judge may, in his discre-
tion, strike from the jury list or exclude from the
panel any1 person deemed by him unfit to serve,
either on account of bad character or for other
cause.
Sec. 3. That hereafter, the counties of Benton,
Boone, Carroll, Pope, Newton, Washington, Madi-
son, Johnson, Franklin, Crawford, Sebastian, Sarbe,
Scott, Polk, Pike, Sevier, and Little River, in the
State of Arkansas, and tiife Indian territory west of
said State, shall be deemed and be the western dis-
trict ot Arkansas, and the residue of said State shall
be deemed and be the eastern district of Arkansas;
and the judge of the eastern district shall hold tho
terms of the United States district court now re-
quired by law to be held at Ike city of Helena, in
said State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator
from North Carolina will allow that amend-
ment to pass. If the House do not concur in
it we can recede.
Mr. POOL. I hope the Senator will with-
draw the amendment. I have been striving
to get the bill through, and any amendment
will defeat it. If the amendment is not with-
drawn, I shall be obliged to appeal to the
Senate to vote it down. This is a House bill,
and if we amend it we cannot pass it at this
session.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the Senator from
North Carolina to yield for a moment to pass
a bill which will be passed without any debate.
It will not take one minute to pass it.
Mr. POOL. I decline to yield to any one.
I ask for a vote on this bill.
Mr. PO.UEROY. I move an amendment
to the ameudmentof the Senator from Illinois
by inserting the following as a substitute :
That all the country lying south of Kansas and
west of Arkansas, known as the Indian territory,
for the purpose of carrying into effect the treaties
with Indian nations inhabiting the same, and one
tier of counties from the State of Kansas bordering
on said territory shall be. and the same is hereby,
created a district, in which there shall be a United
States district court, and that the terms of said court
shall be held at the place to be designated by the
President of the United States. And the said dis-
trict court shall hold its terms and transact its busi-
ness in like manner as other district courts of the
United States, and have tho same jurisdiction now
exercised by tho district court for the western dis-
trict of Arkansas in addition to what is hereinafter
provided.
Sec. —. That the President shall appoint, as other
officers of district courts are appointed, a judge,
marshal, and district attorney for said court, whose
duties, powers, jurisdiction, and emoluments shall
be the same as provided for by law for the same offi-
cers in the western district of Arkansas.
sec. —. That in addition to the jurisdiction held
by said district court of the United States, it shall
have original and exclusive jurisdiction in all inter-
tribal matters, and shall possess and exercise the
jurisdiction conceded in the treaty of 1868, between
the United States and the Cherokee nation, pro-
claimed August 11, of said year, which authorized
the creation of said court, and shall have exclusive
jurisdiction in all cases arising out of the laws of
the intcr-tribal council provided for by said treaty
and by the treaties of the other tribes in said Indian
territory.
sec. —. That all male persons over twenty-one
years of age, lawfully resident in said territory, shall
be competent jurors of said court.
Sec. —. That all Indians residing or found in said
territory, and white men who, by marriage or other-
wise, become citizens of any nation thereof, or freed-
men, shall be deemed and held in all cases to be
citizens of the territory, and shall in like maimer be
held amenable to all laws governing the same.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to appeal to the
Senator from Kansas to withdraw this amend-
ment and let the Senator from North Carolina
have a vote on this bill. I know there is
another amendment pending; but let us vote
down that.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Illi-
nois will withdraw his amendment I will with-
draw mine.
Mr. CONKLING, (to Mr. Pomeroy.) With-
draw yours, and then let us vote on this, and
we can vote it down; but if it should not be
voted down you can then renew yours.
Mr. POMEROY. The difference betwepn
the proposition of the Senator from Illinois
aud mine is that this amendment of mine
establishes a new court, and the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois establishes the
western district of Arkansas over this country.
But I do not want to embarrass the Senator
from North Carolina, and I will withdraw my
amendment for the time being.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment to the amendment is withdrawn ; and the
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
supplemental apportionment bill.
Mr. THURMAN submitted the following
report:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
The committee of conference appointed on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses upon House
bill No. 1343, entitled 'An act supplemental to an
act entitled'An act for the up portion merit of "Repre-
sentatives to Congress among the several States ac-
cording to the ninth census;"' respectfully report
that having fnet. after full and free conference it
recommends that the Senate recede from its amend-
ment to the said bill of the House, and agree to ttie
same.
qeo. e. edmunds,
0. P. MORTON,
A. G. THUItMAN, _
Managers on the part o/ the Senate.
ULYSSES MERCUR,
c. w. w1llard,
s. s. cox,
Managers on the part of the Home.
The report was concurred in.
soldiers' and sailors' homesteads.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 1153) to amend an act relating to sol-
diers' and sailors' homesteads. It is the bill
I sought to report this morning.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
Mr. STEWART and Mr. SHERMAN.
What is this bill?
_ Mr. CASSERLY. I will state for informa-
tion that this is the same bill which was once
passed here with two new sections. These
two new sections were inserted for the pur-
pose of satisfying a doubt which has arisen in
; the Land Office. It resolves that doubt in
