1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3093
Senate amendment cuts down the number for
libraries to four, and then gives one to each
member and Senator for himself. Now, in
my district there are certainly thirty libraries
at important points, where there are large
numbers of mechanics, and where it would be
useful to the public to receive this information.
There are in many of the districts at least ten
libraries each.
I desire to move to amend the amendment
recommended by the Committee on Appro-
priations by substituting "ten" for "four."
The amendment of the committee, as I under-
stand it, simply changes the grammatical con-
struction and the language of the Senate amend-
ment; it does not affect the substance of the
proposition. I move, therefore, to amend the
amendment of the committee by striking out
"four" and inserting "ten."
Mr. HALE. The trouble in the matter is
that if we provide for so many as ten copies,
certain districts like that of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] will get an advan-
tage over other districts.
Mr. HOAR. Only an advantage which they
ought to have.
Mr. HALE. The object of the Senate un-
_ doubtedly was to equalize the distribution by
distributing five copies to each district—one
to the Representative and four to the public
libraries of the district. My impression is that
the various districts as they range throughout
the country will not show an average of more
than four, or perhaps six public libraries; cer-
tainly nothing like ten.
Mr. HOAR. Mr. Speaker, I am sure that
my very intelligent friend from Maine [Mr.
Hale] will not, on reflection, press the argu-
ment he has used, that because some districts
may not want so many as ten copies, we should
not give so many to districts which require
this information—information calculated to
save so much labor, expense, and thought to
the inventors of the country. There is no
reason why a district which has ten centers of
information accessible to inventors should not
in each of those centers have this little paper.
The additional number of copies would cost
only a few dollars, and the whole expense will
not exceed two or three thousand dollars. I
trust the House will agree to my amendment.
The SPEAKER. The House bill provided
for ten copies for each congressional district;
the Senate has cut down the number to four.
The amendment recommended by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations is merely a rear-
rangement of the language. The question
between four copies and ten copies for each
district is fairly presented upon the question
of concurrence or non-concurrence in the
Senate amendment.
Mr. HOAR. If it is in order, then I will
modify my amendment and move to amend
the amendment of the committee by substitut-
ing "eight" instead of "four."
The amendment of Mr. Hoar was agreed to.
The amendment proposed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations was, as amended,
adopted; and the Senate amendment, as
amended, was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM Till! SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
SON, one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed a bill of the following tide;
in which the concurrence of tlie House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 905) for the relief of Har-
riet Spring, heir of Captain Williams Barker,
deceased.
deficiency appropriation bill.
The House resumed the consideration of
ihe Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
1654) making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1872, and for former years and for
other purposes. I
The forty-ninth amendment of the Senate
was read as follows:
Insert the following:
Census:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the
expenses of the ninth census, $20,000.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Ap-
propriations recommend concurrence in this
amendment.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I move to amend
the amendment by adding to it the following :
And such sum as may be necessary to pay the
remainder due census-takers for taking the eighth
census.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will not press this amendment. There
are no doubt claims of that sort growing out
of the taking of the eighth census, but we
have no estimate of the amount; and I do
not see how the proposition can properly be
adopted in its present form.
Mr. SAllGKNT. I raise a point of order
on the amendment.
The SPEAKER. It is too late. A point
of order would have been good if made in
time, but the amendment has been discussed.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
amendment of Mr. Speer, of Georgia, there
were—ayes 56, noes 65.
Mr. YOUNG called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Young, and
Mr. Garfield of Ohio, were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 87, noes 37.
So the amendment of Mr. Speer, of Geor-
gia, was adopted.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend by adding
to the amendment just adopted the following:
Provided, That the amount of money paid under
this appropriation shall not exceed in all $10,000.
Mr. COX. Is it in order to move to amend
this proviso ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The question being taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Hale, there were—ayes 5G,
noes 67.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I had occasion
two years ago, when we were enacting a law for
the taking of the ninth census, to look over
the law for the taking of the eighth census,
and to look somewhat into the condition of
these accounts. There is legislation needed
to have these accounts properly adjusted.
There is now, as I understand, a bill pending
before the Committee on the Judiciary pro-
viding for the adjustment of these accounts.
We are not now in a condition to settle them.
I fully recognize our duty to do so when they
are properly audited. I will aid in any proper
provision for the payment of accounts for the
taking of the eighth census which are properly
audited and adjusted. But in this way, with-
out consideration by any committee, to bring
in a general provision for settling accounts
twelve years back, is, in my judgment, most
unwise legislation. Ail I ask, if they are
bound to put in this provision, is to limit it
at least to the sum of $10,000, as is proposed
by the amendment of the gentleman from
Maine. If there are audited and adjusted
claims in the Departments asking for that
amount of money, let them take it. Before
any considerable sum of money is appropri-
ated for this purpose we ought to have some
understanding precisely upon what principle
it is to be done.
Mr. YOUNG. How does the gentleman
from Ohio propose to pay this $10,000—pro
rata, or in what other way?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I only desire
some legislation on the appropriation at this
time. 1 do not want the provision in this bill
at all. And if 1 had my own way it would
not be here at all, but as the House has shown
a disposition to insert it in this bill I only ask
that there may be a limitation put upon the
amount of the appropriation. Recollect that
this appropriation bill is only to pay for
deficiencies which have occurred during the
present fiscal year, now nearly expired ; and
certainly no gentleman can claim there are
more than $10,000 of these claims which can
be got up during the present fiscal year.
Mr. YOUNG. The gentlemen who took
the eighth census have certificates from the
Treasury Department, and the Treasury
Department certainly understands what the
accounts are and what they are for. If we
make the appropriation I do not think there
will be any difficulty in having the accounts
properly adjusted.
Mr. SARGENT. What is the amount of
these accounts ?
Mr. YOUNG. I am not able to state what
is the amount of claims; I should suppose not
over $50,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. A gentleman
near me says he thinks they do not amount to
more than $5,000.
Mr. YOUNG. Will the gentleman agree
that the appropriation shall be $25,000 pay-
able now ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I will ask the
gentleman from Maine to agree to that.
Mr. HALE. I accept that as a modifica-
tion of my amendment.
The amendment as modified was agreed to ;
and the Senate amendment, as amended, was
then concurred in.
The Clerk read the fiftieth amendment of
the Senate as follows:
Add:
For the comDlction of the United States court-
house at Charlestown, South Carolina, $102 08.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 hope no gen-
tleman will object to concurring in that amend-
ment because of the smallness of the appro-
priation. The word "Charlestown" ought to
be " Charleston," and I move that amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to; and, the
Senate amendment, as amended, was then con-
curred in.
The Clerk read the fifty-first amendment of
the Senate, as follows:
Strike out "engine-room of the House of Rep-
resentatives," and in lieu thereof insert "south
wing of the Capitol;" so it will read:
Capitol extension :
For the purpose of buying and putting in place a
new boiler, water-tank, nnd srea.iu pump in the
south wing of the Capitol, $10,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Committee
on Appropriations recommend concurrence
in that amendment.
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Mr. Speaker, the ob-
ject of having an engine is to heat this room
in winter and to keep it cool in summer. It
seems to me that purpose could be much bet-
ter effected by something which would open
out this Hall to the pure air of heaven. It has
been matter of astonishment with me and
many other gentlemen why this Hall in which
we meet should be shut out from the pure air
and we should have here only the heated,
fetid atmosphere from this engine in winter
and less pure air in summer. I do not know
what committee of the House has charge of
the matter, but it does seem possible to me to
so alter the Hall that we may have the pure
breath of heaven reach us here, and so even
streaks of bright sunlight may fall upon the
benches on the other side of the House, and
the Republican members be able to see the
errors of their way. [Laughter.]
Mr. SARGENT. And are the Democrats
to be still left i n darkness?
Mr. ROOSEVELT. Ihe Democrats do not
need so much light; they are fond of purity,
and what we do desire is that we shall have
purity in this House. 1 am only surprised,
looking to the great care which has been taken
to shut out all air and light, from this Hall, that
we have so much purity here.
The architect, it seems to me, has taken
paiticular pains to shut us in here as if we
were to be treated like the people who were
shut up in the Black Hole at Calcutta. And
though we may not belong to that class of
