1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1S01
be levied upon such property as the Legislature
shall prescribe. • t
" The constitution of the State requires, as a rule,
in levying taxes, that the valuation must.be uni-
form, and in all oases alikeor equal, operating alike
upon all the taxable property throughout the terri-
torial limits of the State or municipality withm
•which the tax is to be raised; and when .the Legis-
lature prescribed a different ruletheaot is a depart-
ure from the constitution, and therefore void.
" The constitution has fixed one unbending and
uniform rule of taxation for the State, and property
cannot be classed and taxed by different rules.
"The provision of the constitution that taxes
shall be levied upon such property as the Legisla-
ture shall prescribe, does not sanction a discrimina-
tion which provides for taxing a particular kind of
property for the support of Government from that
by which other property is taxed, for when the kind
of property is prescribed the rule of taxation must
be uniform. All kinds of property must be taxed
uniformly, or be absolutely exempt ."—Oilman vs.
City of Sheboygan, (2 Black, 510.)
This case came before the Supreme Court or the
United States upon the following state of facts: the
Legislature of Wisconsin passed an act authorizing
the city of Sheboygan to levy a tax on all the real
estate within the corporato limits, to aid the build-
ing of railroads leading to the city. A bill was filed
to enjoin the city from levying the tax, upon the
ground that real estate alone was not a uniform tax
within the meaning of the constitution of Wiscon-
sin, already quoted; and that therefore the act of
the Legislature was unconstitutional.
The constitution of Wisconsin requires the rule
of taxation to be uniform, and# this means, accord-
ing to the facts and decision in this case, that all
kinds of property must be taxed alike, equally with
other taxable property, and coextensive with the
territory to which it applies; and that a tax for a
special purpose upon the city of Sheboygan, and
levied exclusively upon real property, was a dis-
crimination in favor of personal property in con-
flict with the constitution of the State.
The constitution of Ohio contains a similar pro-
vision. In Gilman vs. City of Sheboygan, (before
referred to,) the Supreme Court of the UnitedStates
adopt, with strong approbation, the decision of the
supreme court of Wisconsin in the case of Attorney
General vs. the Winnebago Lake and Pox River
Plank Road Company, (2 Wisconsin Rep.,42,) which
quotes and approves, (and the Supreme Court of the
united States indorses the approval.) The Exchange
Bank of Columbus vs. Hines, (30. S. Rep.) In this
case the supreme court of Ohio says, as quoted m 2
Black: "Taxing is required to be by a uniform
rule." * i:" * * "Uniformity in taxing
implies equality in theburden of taxation." * *
x * "But this is not all. The uniformity
must be coextensive with the territory to which it
applies." * * * * "But the uniformity
of the rule required by the constitution does not
stop here. It must extend to all property subject to
taxation, so that all property may be taxed alike,
equally, which is taxing by a uniform rule." Ihe
Supreme Court of the United States adds:
We forbear to examinethe soundness of the con-
clusions of the supreme court of Wisconsin. They
need no support at our hands. We could add noth-
ing to what they have so well said in vindication of
their views. Such a discussion would incumber this
opinion without throwing any new light upon the
subject." . .
In the light of these authorities yourmemonalists
are unable to perceive how it can be insisted that
the cotton tax was "uniform throughout the united
States." For it is destitute of every element of uni-
formity so particularly enumerated by the supreme
court of Ohio, and which is so emphatically indorsed
by the Supreme Court of the United States in their
unqualified approval of the decision of the supreme
court of Wisconsin.
Without further argument your memorialists
pubinit the feubject to the enlightened judgment
of Congress. F. JlOGrE,
W. L. HILLYER,
W.P.JOHNSON,
For House of Representatives.
. GEORGE HILLYER,
W. L. CLARK,
For the Senate.
CUSTOM-HOUSE 1'ttOPKRTY, PLYMOUTH.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, iutro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1771) authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to sell the custom-
house property at Plymouth, North Carolina;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. COBB. I ask that this bill be put on
ils passage now.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Sec-
r etary of the Treasury to cause to be sold at
public auction in the town of Plymouth, North
Carolina, to the highest bidder, the custom-
house property in that town.
Mr. COBB. I send to the desk, and ask the
Clerk to read, a letter on this subject from ihe
Secretary of the Treasury.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department.
Washixgton, D. 0., February 28,18(2.
iji R: In reply to yours of the 27th instant, in regard
to the propriety of selling the old custom-house
property at Plymouth, North Carolina, I have to
say that the Department has heretofore recom-
mended the sale of this property, as will be seen by
reference to the reports of the supervising arohiteot
contained in the finance reports for the years 1868,
1869,1870, and 1871, and it sees no reason to change
its views at this time. The building is reported as
being badly damaged and in danger of falling, and
as the site will probably not be required for Gov-
ernment purposes, it appears to ine advisable that
it should be sold at an early day.
Very respectfully.
GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. C. L. Cobb, House of Jlcprcneniatices.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I think that this
bill ought to be referred to the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds.
The SPEAKER. The Chair construes that
as an objection to the consideration of the bill
at the present time.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I do not object to
the bill; I merely make a motion that it be
referred.
Mr. COBB. A similar bill is now before
the Committee on Commerce of the House. I
am willing that this should go to the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the bill will be so referred.
There was no objection.
ST. CBOIX AND LAKE SUPEUIOU RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of the unfinished business of
yesterday, the bill (S. No. 565) to extend the
time to the State of Wisconsin to complete a
road from Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior.
The pending question is on ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 now ask unanimous con-
sent that an hour's debate be allowed on this
bill.
Mr. PETERS. I object.
Mr. STEVENSON. As a member of the
Committee on Public Lands, I ask that a letter
which is now upon the files of that committee,
and which has not been read, may be read and
printed in the Globe.
The SPEAKER. If there be 110 objec-
tion 
Mr. RUSK. I object; 1 do not know what
it is.
Mr. STEVENSON. It is a letter from the
files of the committee, and relates to this
business. It is from a public officer.
Mr. SAWYER. How old a letter?
Mr. STEVENSON. Let it be read.
Mr. SCOETELD. I object to anything m
the nature of debate. If we are to filibuster
all day, let us begin early.
Mr. COX. Gentlemen can stop filibuster-
ing by allowing the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holmajj] to be
offered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not care how much
you filibuster; but I do not want debate
opened again.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofieid] objecting, the
letter cannot be read.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not think any
gentleman will object to the reading of this
letter from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
Mr. SCOFIELD. 1 object to anything m
the nature of debate, unless the question is
open to be debated by everybody.
Mr. STEVENSON. This document is not
debate. It is a part of the public record of
the committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have a communication
from a number of laboring men. I ask it may
be allowed to be read.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 want to know if any-
body objects to the reading of this letter from
the Commissioner of Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Soofield] objects.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then I ask that it may
be printed in the Globe.
Objection was made.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have a communication
which I ask may be read at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. RUSK. I object.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask that this letter
of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office may be ordered to be printed as a public
document.
The SPEAKER. Tliat will require unani-
mous consent, of course.
Mr. STEVENSON. I suppose nobody will
object.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
allowing the letter which the gentleman from
Ohio holds in his hand to be printed ?
Mr. RUSK. I object.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then the gentleman
objects to the truth appearing.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
on ordering this bill to be read a third time.
Mr. COX. I rise to make a parliamentary
inquiry. At what time would it be in order
for me to present a protest from members on
both sides of the House against the passage
of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
at what time within the rule it would be in
order for the gentleman to take the proceed-
ing he has indicated. There is no time at
which it would be in order except by unani-
mous consent. The, House has ordered the
main question to be put, and that main ques-
tion is, " Shall the bill be read a third time?"
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand that no
time at all is to be allowed for the discussion of
this bill ? As I receive no response to the ques-
tion, I move that the House do now adjourn.
I feel bound to make that motion if no oppor-
tunity of discussing so important a measure is
allowed.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes thirty-nine.
Before the negative vote was counted,
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. DUKE. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the main question was ordered. I
believe I voted with the majority on that vote.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to lay that motion
on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. And on that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. DUKE. I understand now that I am
not recorded as having voted at all when th©
main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Journal does not
show that the gentleman voted. He is there-
fore not entitled to move a reconsideration.
Mr. ELY. I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Er.y] is not recorded as having
voted.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ely] did not vote at all, is he not
entitled to make the motion to reconsider ?
The SPEAKER. He is not. It is onlyone
who voted with the majority who can move to
reconsider. An absentee has not that privilege.
Mr. HOLMAN. If time is not to be allowed
for debate, I again move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. SCOETELD. Has not that motion beeu
just made and lost?
The SPEAKER. The motion was with-
drawn before the negative vote was taken.
The question being put on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 34, noes 67; no
quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. No quorum having voted,
I demand further count.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will order tell-
ers, and appoints the gentleman from Indiana,
Mr. Holmak, and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, Mr. Scofield. .
Mr. HANKS. I believe I- voted m the
affirmative on the vote ordering the main
question. I move to reconsider that vote.
The SPEAKER. The moticfa is not in order
while the House is dividing.
