1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-BESSIONAL GLOBE.
353
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Equal Bights in Public Schools—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
of his, to mingle in the public schools the chil-
dren of these different races, is fraught with
evil, and dangerous to those whom he may
have earnestly and honestly desired to serve.
I believe it is grossly injurious to society at
large; and the result simply is that in this case
we have the spectacle of the statesman and
the law-maker compl-etely misled by the enthu-
siast.
Should legislation be based upon sentiment-
ality or mere enthusiasm? Is that a proper
basis ? Can laws be made which are the fruit
of mere imagination, or mere enthusiasm, or
mere zeal for an idea? The history of man-
kind has shown that such cannot be; that there
must be abstract principles constantly running
through general laws, which shall at times
work hardships in individual cases, but which,
containing in themselves the natural principles
of justice, will vindicate their wisdom by their
practical results. It is not for men as we
would wish them to be that laws are to be
made ; it is for men as they are, with all their
passions and with all their prejudices.
When Andrew Fletcher of Saltoun said "if
a man were permitted to make all the ballads
he need not care who should make the laws of
a people" he knew well the effect of preju-
dice, of tradition, of habits, of education upon a
people, almost changing the stamp of nature
itself, and a law made without reference to the
prejudices, if you call them such, or, as I shall
term them, the instincts of a people and a
race, without due and constant regard to them,
under any form of government, is indiscreet,
dangerous, constantly mischievous, and still
more under a form of government like our
own, based upon consent, where the will of the
people expressed duly in the forms of law is
the proper, underlying sentiment of our Gov-
ernment.
Now, Mr. President, I have stated this bill
to be unnecessary. Why? Because already
the Congress of the United States by their
legislation have made most ample and gener-
ous provision for the education of the colored
children of this District, the class alone that
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
directs his efforts to elevate and improve. I
say here that the educational facilities for the
children of the colored people of this District
exceed in their generosity, and at the cost of
the white people of the District, that of auy
other portion of the country known to me. I
shall ask the Clerk to read a law that was
passed and approved on the 23d of July, 1866,
in respect to this class of people. I cannot
believe that the Senate, if they were aware of
what has been done and is now existing, the
gratuities in favor of this class of people, would
still insist, or permit the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts to ingraft upon the present
laws new provisions so hostile to the happiness
of both.
I ask for the reading of the law which I
have sent to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows;
An act relating to public schools iu the District of
Columbia.
Be it enacted, do., That tho eighteenth section of
the act entitled "An act to provide for the publio
* instruction of youth in the county of Washington,
District of Columbia, and for other purposes,"
approved June 25,1864, shall be so construed as to
require the cities of Washington and Georgetown to
pay over to the trustees of colored schools of said
cities such n proportionate part of all moneys re-
ceived or exponded for school or educational pur-
poses in said cities, including thecostof sites, build-
ings. improvements, furnituro, and books, and all
other expenditures on account of sohools, as the
oolored children between tho ages of six and seven-
teen years, in the respective cities, bear to the whole
number of children, white and colored, between the
same ages; that tho money shall be considered due
and payable to said trustees on the 1st day of Octo-
ber of each year, and if not then paid over to them,
interest at the rate of ten per oent. per annum on
the amount unpaid may be demanded and collected
from tho authorities ot the delinquent city by said
trustees.
SSO. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 23.
trustees may maintain an action of debt in the
supreme court of tho District of Columbia against
saidcitiesof Washington and Georgetown for the
non-payment of any sum of money arising under
the aforesaid act of June 25,1864.
Approved, July 23,1866.
Mr. BAYARD. Now, Mr. President, may
I not safely ask the Senate and safely ask the
country, nay, even the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts himself, was there ever a more
generous provision madefor an impecuniousand
depressed class of people, socially and finan-
cially? Was there ever in the history of the
world, according to its proportion, a more gen-
erous provision made? Why, what is it? No
white child shall receive the benefits of a
public education the cost of which is defrayed
by taxation upon the property of the District,
nineteen twentieths of which, if not fifty-nine
sixtieths of which is owned by white people,
no white child shall receive any benefit from
moneys so raised for educational purposes
unless equally with him a colored child, whose
relatives have only borne an insignificant por-
tion of this taxation, shall receive equal benefit.
You have condemned by that law the people
of this District to such a condition of ignorance
as the withdrawal of public schools can bring
with it as they themselves shall decree by with-
holding equal advantages at their cost to the
colored people. That is the result. It is a
measure of the strongest and harshest coer-
cion, of which the white people might com-
plain, which a mere sense of justice would
have declared to be extreme and harsh, but
which certainly, looking at it from a point of
view of the advantages derived by the colored
people, is generous and large-handed in the
extreme.
You have by this act given these people for
the last six years a full and fair opportunity
for testing and exhibiting their own capacity
for self-government. Their moneys have been
as great in proportion, their field of choice for
teachers and educators has been as large ; and
it seems to me that fairness would dictate that
those who have made the statement, that the
colored man needed simply equal opportuni-
ties to vindicate his equality, intellectually and
otherwise, with the white man, should now be
ashamed to ask that this opportunity and this
test should be destroyed and withdrawn.
Senators, if it be true that in the six years
of this experiment, an experiment made al-
most without cost to those who have had the
benefit of it, an experiment made almost solely
at the cost of the white people of the District,
you have proved nothing but that these people
cannot get along by themselves, what is neces-
sarily involved in such an admission ? An
inferiority, an absolute inferiority, a confession
of some great defects which must exist by the
law of nature, and against which these puny
efforts of human legislation will prove utterly
and absurdly fruitless. There has been given
to these people an experiment full and thor-
ough, without qualification, without condition,
as fair as was ever offered on the face of the
earth, an experiment conducted not at their
own expense, for they were too poor perhaps
in this world's goods to have made the experi-
ment, but conducted at the expense of the
white people of this community, and chiefly,
almost entirely, at the cost of the property
held by the while people.
A report was made by the trustees of the
colored schools for Washington and George-
town to the Secretary of the Interior on the
31st of December, 1870, which was communi-
cated to the Senate by the Secretary of the
Interior on the 18th of January, 1871, and forms
Executive Document No. 20 of the third ses-
sion of the Forty-First Congress. On page 3
of that report I find a table of the moneys
actually received during the year ending
June 30, 1870, published by these trustees
ill July. There was a total amount received
of $72,667 15. How ranch of that was paid
by the white people can readily be understood.
Certainly it is sa*e and correct to say that a
very insignificant fraction of the amount was
drawn from the property of the colored people
themselves, that the great bulk of this sum
was extracted from the property of the white
people in this District. The population of the
District of Columbia, according to the census
of 1870, amounted to a total of 131,700 souls.
Of those 88,278 were white people aud 43,404
were black people. The white people out-
numbered the blacks rather more than two
to one. Of 43,404 black people $72,667 is
appropriated in a single year for the education
of their children ; and that is not all, sir.
On the 28th of July, I860,1 find another act
of gratuity to this class of people, and I ask
the Clerk to read the law that I have marked
in the book which I send to the desk.
The Secretary read as follows:
An act donating certain lots in the city of Washing-
ton for schools for colored children in the District
of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
ative* of the United State  of America in Congress as-
sembled, That the Commissioner of Public Buildings
be, and he is heroby, authorized and required to
grant and convey to the trustees of colored schools
for the cities of Washington and Georgetown, iu tho
District of Columbia, for tho sole use of schools for
Colored children in said District of Columbia, all the
right, title, and interest of the United States in and
to lots numbered one, two, and eighteen, in square
nine hundred and eighty-five, in the said (jity of
Washington, said lots having been designated and
set apart by the Secretary of the Interior to bo used
for colored schools. Ana whenever the same shall
be converted to other uses, they shall revert to the
United States.
Approved, July 28,1866.
Mr. BAYARD. Here, then, is uot only a
gift of money, a large and ample sum,
$72,000 in a year for the children qf forty-
three thousand people, but-we have the free
gift by the Congress of the United States to
these people of valuable lots in the city for
the purpose of having school-houses erected
upon them. And I may say further, that
the last ten years of legislation will be found
to be a history of constant gratuities, of con-
stant donations of a similar nature, discrim-
inating always in favor of the colored peo-
ple of the District. I am not now speaking of
this in terms of • complaint. There they are.
I am not disposed to withdraw from them
advantages which have vested for their ben-
efit. I am only stating all that has been done,
for the purpose of showing how utterly unne-
cessary, how utterly unjust is this new and
fatal invasion of the poor privilege left to the
white people of this District, at their own cost,
of educating their children in public schools
by themselves.
I now ask the Clerk to read further, as the
condition of my sight forbids it, the account
given by the trustees of colored schools them-
selves, in order that it may beseen how ample
are their means, how hopeful is their condi-
tion, how abundantly provided they are in the
present, and how their resources bid fair to
enable them to develop their schemes of edu-
cation to the fullest and most liberal extent in
the future.
The Secretary read as follows:
" There are now in operation, as already stated,
sixty-six sohools, in which sixty-four teachers and
assistants, including a teacher of music, areem-
ployed by the trustees. Five teachers in addition
are furnished and paid by the New England Friends
Association, to whom great credit is due for the
liberal and long-continued aid they have rendered
to the work of education in this city. They have,
however, given us notice that they will be compelled
to withdraw before the olose of the school year, for
the want of funds to go on. It should be added in
this connection that the trustees, having recently
obtained from the corporation of Washington funds
sufficient for the purpose, have already contracted
for theereotion of a large and commodious school
building capable of seating five hundred and fitty
pupils, It will take the place of a dilapidated build-
ing now standing on C street south, near Second east,
and will add about three hundred seats to the ac-
commodations now existing. The building is to be
