1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3989
favor of actual settlement by a soldier or a
S£Li lor
Mr. POME ROY. That is exactly it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will
be read in full, and it will then be subject to
debate or amendment.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHOICE OF ELECTORS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. KELLOGG. I move to take up House
bill No. 351, to prescribe the time for holding
the election for choosing electors for President
and Vice President in the State of Louisiana
for the year 1872.
Mr. CASSERLY. I object. I want to
know what the bill is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana has moved to proceed to the
consideration of the bill, the title of which has
been reported.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to hear the
bill read for information.
The VipE PRESIDENT. It will be read.
The Chief Clerk read, the bill, as follows:
2)c it enacted, &c., That the electors for President
and Vice President shall be chosen by the State of
Louisiana on the first Monday of November, in the
year 1872: Provided, That said State may by law
provide tor the filling of any vacancy or vacancies
which may occur in its college of electors when such
college meets to give its electoral vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is the necessity
for this? We have passed a billon the subject.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will explain. The bill
that we passed relating to the same subject is
on the Speaker's table in the House. In the
mean time the House took up and passed with-
out objection the other evening this bill. It
is the shortest way of disposing of the bill for
us to pass it now. It is the same bill, and lies
on our table, being a House bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is this House bill just
such a bill as we passed ?
Mr. KELLOGG. Precisely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion to take up the bill.
Mr. BLAilV. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nayfs 18 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Cameron. Chandler.GlaytoiJ.Conkhng, Cragin. Ferry
of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert,
Ilamlin, iiarian, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Lewis, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye,
Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer, Scott,
Sherman. Spencer, Stewart, West, Windom, and
Wright—33.
NAtS—Messrs. Bayara, Blair, Casserly, Cole,
Cooper, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of Mary-
land, Hamilton of Texas, Kelly, Norwood, Ransom,
Schurz, Steveu&ou, Stockton, 1'liurman, Tipton,
Trumbull, and Viekers—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Brownlow,
Caldwell. Carpenter, Corbett, Davis of Kentucky,
Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, Penton, Gold-
thwaite. Hill, Howe, Johnston,Logan,Osborn, Pouie-
roy, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sprague, Sumuer,
and Wilson—23.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I sent out to get the
bill that passed the Senate to see if this was
the same bill which we passed, and I see it is
not. It varies essentially. The effect of this
bill would be to provide for the election of
electors permanently in the State of Louisi-
ana on the first Monday of November, or
else it would never allow an election but dur-
ing the present year. This would repeal the
general law. I ask the Senator from Louisi-
ana what is the effect of the bill he has here?
Mr. KELLOGG. Only to fix the day of
choosing electors at the next election.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not say "the
next election." It says that the election of
electors shall be in the State of Louisiana on
a particular day, naming it, in 1872. When is
the election for electors at other presidential
elections established? I think it will leave it
in a state of very great uncertainty. The bill
we passed was specific. The bill that
this body provided—
That in the State of Louisiana the election of
Representatives to the Forty-Third Congress and
the appointment of electors of President and Vice
President of the United States shall be on the first
Monday of November, in the year 1872, and there-
after such appointment shall be on the day desig-
nated by law for the other States.
The bill that we passed provided that for
only this one election the election should be
ou Monday instead of Tuesday, and that after-
ward it should be in Louisiana the same as in
other States. This House bill, it will be seen,
does not provide anything about future elec-
tions. I think it would leave the matter in a
state of great uncertainty. I suggest to the
Senator that he had better amend it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I confess that I
cannot see the criticism that the Senator from
Illinois makes. This act provides for one
specific election.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes—
"That the electors for President and Vice Presi-
dent shall be chosenin the State of Louisiana on the
first Monday in November, in the year 1872."
It only provides for that; it makes no pro-
vision as to any other time, but leaves the elec-
tion in any other year to the general law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not see that that is
so.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senate bill did pro-
vide that, after 1872 another day should be fixed.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. But that is the
general law.
Mr. KELLOGG. It cannot make any differ-
ence, surely.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from Louis-
iana assured the Senate that this bill was the
same as the bill that had passed this body. It
is a very different bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. I will say to my friend
that I supposed it was the same, word for
word. I had not then examined the bill. 1
have since, aud I cannot see now that it makes
any difference.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, bills are
made up of words, and the fate of men and
nations depend upon words. It is a very
different thing to say that bills are the same,
and then when they are produced to find that
they contain different words. What is the
difference in all bills but the difference of lan-
guage used ? The Senate bill did provide, and
as 1 consider contrary to the power given to
Congress under the Constitution, that the
choice of electors in Louisiana should be upon
a day different from that appointed for other
States of the Union ; and, more than that, it
fixed it for one day in 1872, and provided that
.after 1872 the election should be held upon
the subsequent day, providing not only a day
and time, but days and times in the plural.—a
thing we certainly have no authority to do.
Further than that, if I understood this bill
from hearing it readjust now, it goes further
and affects to give the State of Louisiana
power to elect electors. Where does Con-
gress get any such authority? What possible
authority has Congress over this question of
the election of electors of President and Vice
President except that contained in the first
section of the second article, that they " may
determine the time of choosing electors
and the day on which they shall give their
votes?'' That is ail; and it is provided in the
same section "which day shall be the same
throughout the United States." The first
section of that article provides also thai "each
State shall appoint, in such manner as the
Legislature thereof may direct, a number of
electors equal to the whole number of Senators
and Representatives to which the State may
be entitled in the Congress." As I under-
stand this bill, Congress undertakes to say how
they shall fill vacancies. Congress has nothing
to do with the choice of electors except so far
as to fix the time for choosing them, and that
must be uniform throughout the United States.
This bill is a very different one from the bill
which was passed by the Senate. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana should have read it before
he undertook to assure the Senate that the
bills were identically the same, and that there-
fore this was to be passed without examination.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Louis-
iana in asking that this bill be taken up stated
to the Senate that it was the game bill which
had passed the Senate on a previous occasion.
If it is not in substance the same bill, we voted
under a misapprehension. I have examined
it, and I wish to corroborate the Senator from
Louisiana in the statement which he made
that, although literally not the same, it is sub-
stantially the same bill which passed this body.
As the honorable Senator from New Jersey
has said, it relates to one and only one elec-
tion unmistakably. Therefore there is no need
and no possibility I submit of discussing that
it means anything more than that. What else
does the bill contain? And now I ask the
attentiou of the Senator from Delaware to the
fact that the only particle of other matter in-
corporated in this bill is to be found in the
general act of Congress passed on the 23d of
January, 1845; and now, "if my friend from
Delaware will hold the bill in his hand, I will
read to him the words of the statute, in order
that he may verify what I am going to say.
That act contains these words:
"Provided, That each State may by lawprovide for
the filling of any vacancy or vacancies which may
occur in its college of electors when such college
meets to give its doctoral vote."
That is the only added provision to the bill;
and I am told it was put in in the House upon
the motion of a distinguished lawyer, a mem-
ber of that body, who expressed the fear that
if this general provision was not recognized in
the bill it might be held or supposed that the
two bills impinged upon each other. There-
fore, as a mere saving clause, out of abundant
caution, in deference to this general act, he
transplanted from the act in hcec verba the
proviso which it contains. '
Now, I submit that the whole effect of that
is not to enlarge at all the scope or meaning
of the bill, but simply to guard against its
interfering with the general act of Congress
which has been a law for nearly thirty years.
So that I think the Senator frota Louisiana
was quite warranted in saying that this is his
bill in substance, and he asked to take it up
coming from the House because the bill which
went from here is snowed under on the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I am sur-
prised that a gentleman so accurate in phrase-
ology as the Senator from New York should
suppose that by what he has just said he corrobo-
rated the statements of the Senator from Louis-
iana. When a gentleman says the bill is the
same in substance as auother, that is one thing ;
when he says the hill is precisely the same, it
is another thing. The idea was meant that we
had only to accept the bill of the House in order
to have precisely the bill that was before passed
upon by the Senate, aud the language of the
two bills does not bear out that assertion. I
know, and I referred to the fact, that the law
of 1845 fixed the Tuesday next after the first
Monday in November as the day throughout
the Union for choosing electors. The objec-
tion we made to the Senate bill was that it
went much further than that; not only did it
give Louisiana a different day from the other
States, but it provided one day for holding the
election there in one year and other days in
other years. That is what the Senate bill did.
The House has arne ided that. The House has
simply reversed the general law as to Louisi-
ana—a step which I consider is violative of the
Constitution—and fixed the day of the election
in Louisiana on the first Monday in November,
1872, leaving it to the future as to what change
shall take place, although the law fixes the
Tuesday after the first Monday in November
as the day for the election in the other States.
