1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2197
ization, and visiting him only by our vices,
and the worst of them, and he has been per-
ishing, of course, under this policy.
Mr. President, it is said that we have or-
ganized the whole of this continent into terri-
torial jurisdictions. That is true. My honor-
able friend from Nevada tells yon that it will
be a perilous undertaking to settle any of these
Indians anywhere within that jurisdiction. I
think so, and I think so for the very best rea-
son, namely, that my honorable friend, I think,
is a fit representative in that respect of all
that region of country. He believes that the
Indian is a savage man, that he is a heathen,
and that the idea of talking of or considering
him in any other light than that of a ferocious
animal that ought to be exterminated is non-
sense. He thinks there is no Christianity and
there is no policy, nor should there be any
political economy, which regards the Indian
in any other light than as a ferocious animal
to be exterminated, and the quicker the better.
Sir, to that class of men there is only one
thing, there isonly one plat of ground on eaith
that thoy are willing to give to an Indian, and
that is about six feet, and at least six feet
under ground at that.
That is so, sir; all history shows it. My
honorable friend says these Indians must not
go into the West; they must stay where they
are. I will adopt most cheerfully the senti-
ment of my honorable friend from Ohio, and
say keep them there, if we had the land, but
we have not. It so happens that the tribes to
which those poor vagabond Indians belong
have gone further West, I believe into the
Indiau territory.
Mr. THURMAN. Does the Senator moan
to siiy we have not enough land for these
Indians in Wisconsin?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I say we have
no Indian reservations there for them. The
tribes to which these Indians belong sold out
their lands for a consideration somewhere else,
and the treaty stipulations allotted them lands
elsewhere. These Indians refused to go; they
remain behind. Now, what is to be done?
In 1807, anticipating what ray honorable
friend from Nevada.has declared this morn-
ing, that the whoie country was to be covered
by our civil jurisdiction, as it since has been,
we sent out a peace commissioner to confer
willi the various tribes of Indians in the West,
and come to terms so as to make some per-
manent provision for them. How? Nut by
being driven from pillar to post, from one res-
ervation to another, and puisned by squatters,
and pursued by the worst of our population,
who always keep in the advance guard of
civilization, but that we would set apart two
distinct reservations on which all the Indians
in the western country should be gathered.
Thai, is what we agreed. We have been try-
ing as we'll as we could to work up to that,
and it will be a good day for the Indians, and a
good day also for the people of the United
States economically, and for their credit, mor-
ally, when we carry that out in good faith and
to the end. This is an effort in that diiection.
Here are some of those Indians with no home,
homeless, houseless, landless. This propo-
sition is to take these [ndians on to one ot those
reservations which are to be the future home,
according to this policy, ot all the Indians.
Now, I will say to my honorable friend
from Nevada that it does not anticipate that
they are to go into the broad acres ot the great
West, over which he "seems to have such a
solicitous care; but if so, what oi it? IIow
numerous is the population m the far West?
Will they be crowded? If you look at the
census you will find that west of the Missouri
river there are only about fourteen hundred
thousand people, and there are over fiiteen
hundred thousand square miles' breathing
space for those people. They are not so par-
ticularly crowded that you cannot find land
on which to locate seven buudred Indians, if
that were the question. But that is not the
question. The question is, shall we take these
Indians who have no homes where they are,
and who are an annoyance to the people sur-
rounding them, and provide them homes some-
where? Certainly we will. Where? In the
Indian country which we have set apart pre-
cisely for these Indians. That is where we
have provided for them. That is the propo-
sition, as I understand it. Does that shock
the sense of anybody's justice here? Is not
that a fit and proper thing to do? That set-
tles that question so far as they are concerned.
Now, one word in regard to the Apaches
that it is said are savages. Well, 1 suppose
they are. The Senator says there have beeu
some attempts to civilize thein by makrng half-
breeds of them. Whether that is an improve-
ment or not, I do not know. My honorable
friend seems to think not, for they are the
worst of the robbers and savages and he thinks
it is worth while to civilize in that direction.
Now, sir, what is the history of these men?
Not until we took possession of Arizona and
extended our civilization over them, in other
words, came in contact with them, did they
get this reputation of which he speaks. They
stood on a par with their neighbors, the Mexi-
cans. That was not very high [ admit; I do
not know whether it was higher or lower than
the savages, but that is not important to my
inquiry. But there are about thirty-seven thou-
sand of those Indians, according to my inform-
ation, in Arizona. What has it cost us annu-
ally to take care of these Indians, to fight and
guard, and feed them occasionally, not often?
My honorable friend thinks we have spent a
great deal of money on them. That is not so
at all. Occasionally we did. We have prom-
ised largely and performed very little. They
are a gi-eat way off. When they get on the
rampage and annoy our people we go out and
make treaties and promise very big things, but
we never come up to the promise, in the per-
formance. That is the history ; I have studied
it carefully, and I think I know what I am talk-
ing about.
What does it cost to maintain civil society
in Arizona, and how mufih have you got?
'There are about three thousand whites there
of our kind of whites. There are about, three
thousand more not exactly of our kind, the
kind the Senator speaks of, Mexican and some-
thing else, half-breeds, a mixture, six thou-
sand in ail. How much do you suppose it
costs this Government to maintain that little
society out in Arizona? Arizona is as large
as all New England. It costs from four to
eight millions, depending upon the contingen-
cies of war, never less than $4,OOO,OU0. How
is that done ?
Mr. THURMAN. Pour millions a year?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Four millions
a year lor three thousand whites. That is the
cost of government m the Territory; that is
what I am speaking about. You have been
talking about Indian affairs. I am talking
now of white men's affairs in the Territory in
maintaining government there. We have got
a territory in Arizona as big as New England.
It costs you annually at least $4,000,000 to
maintain civil government and protect these
three thousand white fellows. What are they
about? Tbey are mining, and so forth ; mining
chiefly. How does it cost so much? You
have got to keep a guard of two regiments of
infantry and mounted volunteers to protect
these three thousand white men against these
Indians.
Now, how is that problem to be solved?
Fight it out? It will cost you as much to fight
it as the Florida war cost you, and then you
will be exactly where you were at the close of
the Fior.da war ; you will have to make peace
on the terms of the Indians after all. it is
too large a country, it is too far distant from
us, it costs too much to carry supplies there,
to justify the hope of any other result.
Well, sir, what is the new Indian policy
which people talk about ? Instead of feeding
those Indians off at that distance from us, we
are to bring them on to the Indian territory
where they will be within striking distance of
a railroad. That is the new policy ; it will
cost you but little to bring these thirty-seven
thousand people there, and then what? Then
those three thousand white men, or six thou-
sand if you please, will be left free in their pos-
sessions, and you can remove your army. So
go over this great West which my honorable
friend talks about, and remove all the Indians
and bring them in upon this territory and upon
that other one set apart higher up on the
Upper Platte river. Then your question is
settled, except one other point to which I will
advert in a moment.
That is the Indian policy, and precisely what
you contemplate now is in harmony with that
policy, to take these Indians down there, gather
all the Indians, not force them forward, but
bring them back, and bring them back just as
fast as you can bring them back as near the
base of supplies as is practicable. That is
what we are doing.
To show how much men talk at random, let
me refer to the fact that you often hear the.
Senator from Nevada talk of these men as
savages, incapable of civilization; say that it
has been tried over and over again and they
have never been civilized and never can be
civilized in the world, that you might as well
give them up and abandon the whole thing.
But in the next breath lie insists upon it that
you shall devolve upon them by law all the
duties of citizenship, and he says if they do
not perform ail these at once let them perish.
There is the absurdity of the whole thing.
The truth is, "milk for babes; strong meat
for strong men." These Indians are savages;
they know nothing of arts or civilization; and
think of the idea of saying t hat you will put all
of them in the Indian territory, and give each
Indian one hundred and sixty acres of land,
and tell him, "Now live, now practice our arts;
no more hunt, no more trap, no more pursue
anything that you know anything about, but
do as we do or die I" Is that humanity? Is
that, sense? Is that, common sense? My hon-
orable friend from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
suggests that, the experiment be tried on my
friend from Nevada; suppose he tried his hand
at their mode of life, how would that come out?
The thing is absurd. It, has got to be done
gradually, and that is what we are attempting
to do.
It is said there are sixty thousand Indians
on the Indian territory proper, and I suppose
there are sixty-six thousand square miles in
that territory.
There is a bill before the Senate—I allude
to that because it illustrates what I am say-
ing—which proposes to take that territory and
divide it up and put civil government over it
as you have over the other Territories, and to
subject all the Indians to that civil jurisdic-
tion. and to give each Indian one hundred and
sixty acres of land, and then what of the rest?
Give that to railroads and white men, and
then say to the Indians, " In this conflict with
railroads and white men, if you cannot stand
your hand with these elements, then perish."
Ihat is my honorable friend's proposition, and
he thinks that is a reasonable one. You had
better take them out and cut their throats be-
fore you start. Does not that honorable Sena-
tor know that under such a proposition as that
it would not.be twelve months before the whisky
dealers and the sutlers, and iliat class of fel-
lows, would have every inch of land that you
might give t,0 the Indians under those circum-
stances? Sir, that is nor, practicable. Every-
body must seeata glance iho thiiigis noi P'^o-
ticable at all. Whan you are to <lo and what, this
new policy which the President has couuniite.d
himself to (and which Congress ommi^ed
itself to before the President was made Presi-
dent, wh chitniauffuratedin 1867)contemplates
is the gaiheiing of the Indians livm the ph.ins
and from the muumains and concern rating theui
