8990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
So that my statement, I submit t.o the honor-
able Senator from New York, was correct, and
few persons are so capable of perceiving its
correctness as himself, for he is generally very
accurate in the use of words.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say that this
bill is in substance the same as the bill passed
by the Senate. The Senate bill provided that
this election should be held on Monday in-
stead of Tuesday in 1872, and after that on
Tuesday. The general law provides that it
shall be held on Tuesday in all the States.
This bill provides that it shall be held on Mon-
day in Louisiana in 1872, and is silent after
that time, so that the general law operates
after that time. The bills are in substance
the same.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I wish the
Senate to reflect one moment on what they
aj-e about to do if they pass this bill. Power
is given by the Constitution to Congress to
determine the time of choosing electors of
President and Vice President. The power is
conferred in these words :
"The Congress may determine the time of choos-
ing tbe electors a,ad the day on which they shall
give their votes, which day shall be the same
throughout the United States."
But for that Congress would have no power
to determine the time. The power to provide
for the manner of choosing the electors is
expressly reserved to the States. By the
second paragraph of the first section of the
second article of the Constitution it is pro-
vided :
" Each State shall appoint, in such manner as the
Legislature thereof may direct, a number of electors
equal to the whole number of Senators and Repre-
sentatives to which the State may be entitled in the
Congress."
If it stood on that alone the time would be
fixed by each State for itself, and Congress
would have no right to interfere. But that
power is limited by the authority which is
given Congress "to determine the time of
choosing the electors and the day on which
they shall give tkfeir votes, which day shall
be the same throughout the United States."
Why was that put in ? It was put in be-
cause our fathers when they framed the
Constitution of the United States supposed
that the people would elect electors and the
electors would vote for such men as they, the
electors, should think best suited to be Presi-
dent of the United States. They did not fore-
see what has taken place since, that these
electors would be the mere registers of the
will of the people, that the candidate would
be before the people beforehand, and that the
electors would be compelled by a public senti-
ment that could not be resisted to vote for
men who were before the people as candidates
for President and Vice President.
Supposing the electors would determine this
question themselves, that they would vote
according to their own judgment, and not that
of the people, who should be the President
and Vice President of the United States, they
were careful to put in that the votes of elect-
ors should be cast on the same day, so that
the vote of no State should influence the vote
of any other State; and that was the object
of it, that the vote of no State should be
influenced by the vote previously cast of some
other State.
Now, in practice the vote of the electors is
nothing but registering the vote of the peo-
ple, and the very reason which obtained for
putting in the provision in the Constitution
that the electors should vote upon the same
day obtains now with quite as much force for
requiring that the election by the people shall
be upon the same day. There is precisely
tho same reason for the one that there is for
the other; and indeed it is very doubtful upon
a fair interpretation of the language of the
Constitution whether Congress has a right to
provide for holding the .election in one State
on one day and on another day in another.
I am inclined to think it has not. The lan-
guage is, "The Congress may determine the
time of choosing the electors," not "the
times," not "several times," but " the time
of choosing the electors;" and every reason
that can be urged in favor of limiting to a
single day the time when the electors them-
selves shall vote, applies with equal force
when we come to fix the time upon which the
people shall vote.
Why, what a power would it give to a parti-
san majority in Congress in the year of a pres-
idential election if it can change the law and
provide that this State shall vote this week,
and another the next week, and another the
week after, and so on to the end of the chap-
ter 1 How nicely could you arrange the times
for holding the elections for presidential elect-
ors to achieve a particular end 1 That never
was intended at all. The true intent and spirit
of the Constitution is that the election shall be
onthe same day throughout the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio will please suspend. The morning
hour has expired, and the tariff and tax bill is
before the Senate, the pending question being
on the amendment in relation to tobacco.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask that the regular
order be passed over. I hope my friend from
Ohio will allow a vote to be taken on this bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
allowing a vote.
Mr. CASSERLY. No, Mr. President, there
is a great question of senatorial responsibility
for statements involved in this case.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; I insist onthe
regular order.
Mr. KELLOGG. I shall be compelled to
move to lay aside the tariff bill.
ckntknnial commission.
Mr. SCOTT. As this bill goes over, I ask
the Senator from Ohio to permit me to make
a statement before I make a request. My
statement is this: there is now sitting in the
city of Philadelphia a commission composed
of persons from nearly every State and Ter-
ritory in the Union, composing the centennial
commission. They are made a board of com-
missioners for the purpose of putting into
operation the charter of incorporation that is
now before the Senate to incorporate the cen-
tennial commission, a means of raising money
for the purpose of making that exhibition suc-
cessful. My information is that they will ad-
journ to-day at three o'clock, and they are
awaiting tbe action of the Senate upon the
bill. In view of that fact, and that the constitu-
ents of every Senator upon the floor are as
much interested in the question as I am, I ask
unanimous consent that that bill, which has
already been read, may be put upon its pas-
Tbe VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent
that the Senate vote upon the passage of the
centennial commission bill of the House of
Representatives. Is there objection? The
Chair hears no objection, and the bill (H. R.
No. 2078) relative to the centennial interna-
tional exhibition to be held in the city of
Philadelphia, State of Pennsylvania, in the
year 1876, is before the Senate. The ques-
tion is on the passage of the bill.
The bill was passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT subsequently said :
The attention of the Chair has been directed
by the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Clayton]
to the feet of certain misprints in the names
of the persons appointed from Arkansas. The
name of James Terratis should be James Tor-
rans, and that of H. A. Miller, H. A. Millen.
These corrections will be made.
message from tiik house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
872) to provide for the sale of certain New
York Indian lands in Kansas, asked a confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. John P. C.
Shanks of Indiana, Mr. William H. Upson
of Ohio, and Mr. Alexander Mitchell of
Wisconsin, managers at the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 58) to prescribe the time for
holding the election for the electors of Pres-
ident and Vice President in tbe State of
Louisiana;
A bill (S. No. 631) authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri river
at Brownsville, Nebraska ; and
A bill (S. No. 828) authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouii river
opposite to or within the corporate limits of
Nebraska City, Nebraska.
The message further announced that the
House had'passed the followingbills ; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 2719) for cancellation of
bonds for manufactured tobacco lost on steamer
George P. Upton, between the cities of Rich-
mond and New York ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2867) to regulate the
exercise of eminent domain in securing a site
for public buildings in the city of Cincinnati.
oiider of business.
Mr. PRATT. I was about appealing to
the chairman of the Committee on Finance to
allow me to make a report.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator had aright
to make it this morning. There was ample
time.
Mr. PRATT. It is in the case of a very
meritorious soldier—a gallant officer of the
eighth Ohio infantry. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not fair. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. PIIATT. This is a pet lamb of mine,
that I have been nourishing in my bosom sev-
eral mornings, anxiously attempting to get the
ear of the Senate for the purpose of putting
the bill on its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to considering the bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. I would object if it was
for myself under the circumstances. Having
given my word, 1 will not violate it.
aumy appropriation bill.
Mr. WEST. I ask leave to make a report
from the committee of conference on tkeArmy
appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive the conference report unless objec-
tion be made.
Mr. WEST submitted the following report :
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 1541) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending Jane 30,
1873, and for other purposes, having met, after full
and free conference have agreed to recommend, and
dorecommend to their respectiveHoujsea,as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 5,9,10,14, 28, and 31.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered 1,15. anri 26, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: oa page
2, lines twenty-two and twenty-three of the bill,
strike out the following words "wheuserving in the
field and at the but-po&is;" and the iSeuate agree to
the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventh amendment of the Senate, and agree
to tho same with an amendment, as follows. In
lieu of the words stricken out by said amendment
insert the following words: "two hundred and fifty
thousandand the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eleventh amendment of the Senate, and agree to
the same with an amendment, as follows: in line
three of said amendment strike out the word
^•twenty" and insert in lieu the word "ten;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the twenty-seventh amendment, and agree to the
same with the following amendments: strike out
in lines one and two of said amendments the words
"one hundred and eighty," and insert in lieu thereof
the words 44 two hundred and seventy; " and in line
