406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States was read the first time by its title.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill is almost
if not quite identical in language with the bill
Dow before the Senate, to which the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts is
pending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall put the
bill on its passage at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will require
unanimous consent to consider the bill to-day.
If no Senator desires that it be referred it will
lie on the table, unless by unanimous consent
it bo acted on.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let it be read the second
time, and placed on the Calendar.
The bill was read the second time, and
placed on the Calendar.
COURTS IN VIRGINIA.
The bill (H. R. No. 1051) to_ change the
times for holding circuit and district courts of
the United States for the western district of
Virgitiia was read twice by its title.
Mr. LEWIS. I ask unanimous consent to
have that bill considered at once. It is very
important that it should be promptly disposed
of, and there is no objection to its passage
from any quarter.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides, that instead of the time now fixed by
law the circuit and district courts of the Uni-
ted States for the western district of Virginia
shall hereafter be held at Danville on the
Tuesday after the fourth Mondays of Febru-
ary and August; at Lynchburg, oti the Tuesday
after the third Mondays of March and Sep-
tember ; at Harrisonburg, on the Tuesday after
the second Mondays of April and October;
and at Abingdon, oil the Tuesday after the
fourth Mondays of May and October.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish so inquire of
the Senator from Virginia whether the circuit
and district court3 are now held at the places
named in tbe bill ?
Mr. LliWLS. They are.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My recollection was that
the circuit court was not held also many places.
I have no objection to the bill unless it fixes a
new place for holding one of the oourt". in
many of our States the district court is held in
seveial places, while the circuit court is not.
My recollection in this respect as to Virginia
is not, distinct. If the Senator is correct in his
recollection, and the circuit and district courts
are now held at all these places, I have no
objection to the bill.
Mr. LEWIS. There is no doubt whatever
about the fact.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the bill merely
change the time?
Mr. LEWIS. That is the only change the
bill makes.
Mr. CONKLING. And does not increase
the number of terms?
Mr. LEWIS, ltdoes not increase the num-
ber of terms or the places of holding court.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a ihiid reading, read the third time, and
passed.
CHANGE OF REFERE.NCE.
Mr. SPENCER. Yesterday the bill (H.
R. No. ICO J to amend an act entitled "An act
to authorize protection to be given to citizens
ot the United States who may discover deposits
of guano," approved August 18, I860, was
read twice, and relerred 10 the Committee on
Foreign Relations. 1 his was amis-take. The
bill should have been referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce. '1 hat committee lias now
before it a similar bill, introduced by the Sen-
ator _trom Nevada, [Mr. Nve.J and has already
coiwueted^ the subject. I move that the Com-
mittee on Foreign iielaiions be discharged from
the consideration of the bill, and that it be
relerred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
GOVERNOR M COOK.
Mr. SAULS BURY. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That tbi President bo requested to in-
form the Senate, if in his opinion not incompatible
with the public interest, when Edward M. McOook
wasappointed Governor of Colorado Territory; how
much of the time the said MeCortk has been absent
from the Territory in Europe ot elsewhere since his
appointment, and whether by permission ornot, and
whether on public duties or not, and whei'^er his
salary has been paid to him during his absence or
not, and how much has been paid to him as salary
for the 1 ime ha has been absent from the Territory.
Mr. POMEROY. Let that lie over until
to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over.
Mr. POMEROY. I want to look into it.
the chicago fire.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business having been concluded, the unfin-
ished business of yesterday is now before the
Senate, which is House bill No. 380, upon
which the pending question is the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner.] The Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Logan,] however, has arisen, in pursuance
of notice, to ask to be heard in regard to a
bill concerning his constituents.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the other bill will
be passed over informally for that purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the unfinished business of yesterday
will be passed over informally, subject to a
demand for the regular order, and this demand
must, be made before the adjournment to-day,
or before the Senate proceeds to the considei-
ation of executive business, or else the bill,
which is now the regular order, will be dis
placed. There being no objection, the bill
(S. No. 330) to provide for the relief of suf-
ferers by fire at Chieago is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I have had
in view for several days the discussion of this
bill. It has been reported from the Commit-
tee on Finance this morning with a recom-
mendation that the second section be stricken
out, which is really tbe important section of
the bill. The report lias been made with a
view, I am told, to give me an opportunity of
expressing my views, and of then having the
bill recommitted to the committee. 1 am very
glad to know that the same bill precisely has
been reported in the other House this morning,
and passed in that body by a unanimous vote.
That, being the case, J hope that in a very short
time it will be brought before the Senate, and
considered and passed.
Mr. President, although I feel quite confi-
dent from the manner in which the bills for
the relief of Chicago have been recived by
both Houses of Congress that some favorable
aelion will be taken at an eaily day on the
subjects therein presented, yet 1 trust I shall
be pardoned if I should manifest a strong
anxiety in regard to ihem. Having so recently
been a witness of ihe terr ble confl.-tgration
which has reduced to ashes a large por ion of
the Queen Ci-y of the West; Ltvnij/wi-u-sstd
the destruction of the property of its citizens,
and the suffering of thousands of its inhabi-
tants, whose cries of anguish and shrieks of
despair as tbey_ fLd before tbe devouring
flames are yet ringing in my ears, I cannot
feel that I have done my duiy to this part of
my constituency until L have presented" to this
honorable body a full statement of the case,
and apprised it fully of the urgent nece«si'y
of prompt action in the premises. And if
any hesitancy is manifested on the part of
Senators in regard to granting the relief sought,
I feel confident it arises not from a want of
interest in the welfare of those who are suffer-
ers by this dreadful calamity, but from a stern
conviction of duty.
The proposition is not a new one, either in
principle or kind, for we have precedents in
the past which are not only the same iu priu- j
ciple, but of precisely the same nature, where,
after deliberate discussion and careful consid-
eration, relief has been afforded by Congress
in the manner sought by these bills. And
while I admit that while we are not and should
not be inflexibly bound by precedents, yet
where a question arises on which ihepm? and
cons seem to bt about equally divided, then I
hold that the deliberate action of this body in
the past should have some weight with us in
making up our decisions, especially if behind
that action we can see no motive of which we
have reason to doubt the propriety; not that
precedents should in any case be sufficient to
induce us to act contrary to a clear conviction
of duty,or to overleap what we conceive to be
the distinct boundary of our powers; but,
where an unusual cast-arises, where the urgent
necessities of any portion ot our country call
for unusual action, and in regaid to which
some doubts may arise, then I hold that pre-
cedents should have their weight with us in
making up our decision.
But, as I have said, I do not think there is
sufficient ground for hesitancy in respect to the
bills now before the Senate for the relief of
Chicago. The question of granting relief in
cases of extraordinary suffering and loss has
been repeatedly belore Congress, and has, I
believe, in most cases, been decided in favor
of granting the aid sought. Nor has this always
been confined to the ciiizens of our own coun-
try, but, feeling the great bond of humanity
which binds us to our fellow-men, our Gov-
ernment has reached out the hand of gener-
osity to the suffering of other nations. In proof
of this I would cue the act of May 8, 1812,
appropriating $50,000 to be expended in the
purchase of provisions for the relief of the citi-
zens of a town in Venezuela which had been
destroyed by an earthquake. And as instances
relaiing to points wit inn our own country, I
would refer to the bill for the relief of the indi-
gent sufferers of Alexandria by the fire which
occurred in that city in 1827 ; and also to the
bills for the relief of Portland in 18t36, when
a large portion of that city was destroyed by
fire.
To meet an objection wh'ch is sometimes
presented to bills of this kind I would rernaik,
Mr. President, that there is a vast difference
between the ordinary casualties which are
occurring daily throughout our country and
those of an> extraordinary character which
become national in their bearing.
The burning of the dwelling of the laborer,
farmer, mechanic, or individual of limited
means, who by his industry and economy has
reared it, is to him certainly a very severe loss
and real calamity; the destruction of the prin-
cipal business house in a small village is a
great loss, not only to the owner, but also to
the inhabitants of the village; yet while these
occmrences should and generally do call forth
the sympathy and assistance of the immediate
neighborhood, they cannot in any sense be
called national in their character or effect.
The inmates who are rendered houseless are
so limited in number that they can easily be
accommodated with comfortable quarters and
food by their neighbors, who are ever ready
to render prompt assistance in such cases of
distress. And the little commeicial rill, or
minute stream of trade and tiafiic, which is
disturbed, easily finds temporarily some other
outlet until the injury is repaired. The incon-
venience arising tnerefrom tadiates but a short
distance from the center.
Ihe burning of two, three, or even a dozen
important dwellings or business houses in a
city is a severe loss to the individuals who own
them and those who occupy them, and also
often to the city; but even in ihis case those
rendered houseless are easily accommodated
by the residents of the city with shelter and the
necessaries ot life, and the city itself is able
to repair the injury.
Although the loss in these eases is as keenly
felt by the sufferers as by those of Aiexan-
