1302
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. HANKS. I now move to reconsider
the vote ordering the main question on this
bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ark-
ansas, [Mr. Hanks,] who is recorded as hav-
ing voted with the majority on the vote order-
ing the main question, moves to reconsider
that vote.
Mr. BUSK. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The question being put on the motion of
Mr. Husk, there were—ayes 67, noes 60.
Mr. STEVKNSON. I demand the yeas
and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes thirty-seven.
So (the affirmative being more than one fifth
of the last vote) the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If reconsideration takes
place, will the bill be subject to amendment?
The SPEAKER. The motion pending is
to lay on the table the motion to reconsider.
Mr. HOLMAN. If that is voted down, and
reconsideration is ordered, will the bill then
be open to amendment?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman knows
as well as the Chair that it will.
The question was taken: and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 83, nays 97, not voting
60; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Amw, Archer, Averill, Bnnkx,
Barber, Barry, Beck, Beveridgc, Bigbj\ Austin Blair,
Boles, Braxton, Bright, Georgo Brooks, Buckley,
Comiugo. Conger, Cotton, Ciockur. Davrall, finwes,
"Donnan, Du Bose.Ducll, Bunnell, Earner, Eklredge,
Farnswonh, Farwell, Wilder I>. Foster, JbVyo, Gar-
field, Goodrich, Halo, Jlalsoy, Harper, Gcorgo IS.
Harris, Havens, Gerry \V. ilaxolton, Hill, lioar.
Hooper, Houghton, Lamport, Lynch, McClelland,
McOrary, McHonry, McJunkin, Mitchell, Orr, Pal-
mer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Eli
Perry, Petor.s, Piatt, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Sco-
lield, Seeley, Sheldon, Sherwood, Slater, Sioeum,
hloys, Snnpp. Snydor, Stoughlon, Sutherland, Sy-
pher, Taffe, Washington Townsend, Tuthill, Twich-
oil, Waklron, Wallaeo. Warron, Wheeler, and Wil-
liinna of Now York—83.
NA VS—• Messrs. Acker, Adams, Amblrr, Arthur,
Barnuui, Beatty, Bell, Biggs, Bird, Janied Brooks,
HutKuion, Burohard, Kodoriok R. JJufler, Caldwell,
C.unpbell, Carroll, Ooburn. Conner, Cox, Crebs,
Critcher, Cropland, Duke, Kly. Finkolnhurer, For-
ker, Chnrics Foster, Henry D. FoM.or, Ganett, (Jotz,
Golluday, Hancock, Ijundley,Hank*, Jlarmer, John
T. Harris. Ilawlcv* Hay, {lays, Hereford, Hibhard,
Hohnan, Koiley, Kendall, Kerr. Keteham, Killingcr,
Lamison, Lewis, Manson, MoCormiek, McCrew,
MeXntyro, McKumey, MoNoely, Mereur, Merriam,
Mom-oo, Leonard Myors, Niblack. Packard, Packer,
Price, Prindle, Koad, John M. iiice, Ellis U. Rob-
erts, William 11. Roberta, Robinson, Roosevelt, Ses-
sions, Shanks. Shoemaker. H. Boardman Smith,
John A. Smith, R. Milton Spoor, Thomas  f. Spoor,
Sprnguo, Starkweather, Stevenson. Strong, Terry,
Turner, Tyner, Upson, Van Trump, Vaug-han, Voor-
hees, Waddell, Waldcn, Whitciey, Williiuns of Indi-
ana, Jcremuih M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Win-
chester, Wood, and Young—fl7.
NOT VOTINGt-Mcsm^. Bintrii am, Jamos G. Blair,
Buvdett. Benjamin F. Butler, Freeman Clarke, Wil-
liam f, Clark, Cobb, Cofchlan, Croely, Davis, Do
Lnr^H Uirkey, Box, Elliott, Griffith, liuMeman,
Hflmbleton, John W. Ilazelton, ilerndon, KoIIobr,
King, Knisellti, Lansing, Leach, Lowe, Marshall,
Maynard McKcc, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Moore, Morey, Mor^m, Morphis, Negley, Hosea
W. Porker, Aaron F, Perry. Poland, Porter, Potter,
Ramey, Randall, Ldwaril Y. Rico, Ritchie, Rogers,
Shellab:irger, Shobor, Worthinsrton C. Smith, Ste-
vens, Storm, Stowelj, St. John, Swann, Thomas,
Dwight Townsend, Wakoman, Walls, Wells, Whit-
thorne, and Willard—60.
So the House refused to lay the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the main ques-
tion was ordered upon the table.
The question recurred upou the motion to
reconsider.
Mt\ GARFIELD, of Ohio, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Sawyer and
Mr. Bar.vum were appointed.
The House divided j and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 63, noes 62.
Mr. PETERS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. Pending the demand for the
yvas and nays, I ask unanimous consent for
the reading of the letter which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mi'-Stevexson] asked to have road.
Mr. COX. I object to any debate ; and the
reading of letters is debate. The time for com-
promise about this bill has passed.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
intheaffirmaitve—yeas 103, nays 81, not voting
56 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Arthur,
Barnum, Beatty, Bell, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Jataes
G. Blair, Braxton, BufHnton, Burchard, Roderick R.
Butler. Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Ooburn. Cogh-
lan, Cox, Crebs, Critcher. Crossland, Duke, Eames,
Ely. Fiukelnburg, Forker, Charlcb Foster, Henry
B. Foster, Garfield, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Iialde-
man, Hancock, Handle?, Hanks, Ilarmer, Harper,
John T. Harris, liawley, Hay, Hays, lleretord,
Herudon, Hibbard, Holniau, Koiley, Kerr, Ketcham,
Killinger, King, Lamison. Lewis, Manson, McClel-
land, McGrew, McKinney, McNeeJy, Mereur, BeDja-
rairt F. Meyers, Monroe, Moore, Niblack, Packard,
Packer, Pendleton, Price. Prindle, Reavl, John M.
llicc, Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Roose-
velt, Sessions, Shanks Shellabarger, Shoemaker,
John A. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer,
Sprague. Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson. Strong,
Terry, Dwight Townsend, Tyner, Upson, Van
Tiumi), Vaughan, Voorhees, Wakien, Whiteley,
Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T.
Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—103.
NAYS —Messrs. Ames. Archer, Averill, Banks,
Barber, Barry, Beck, Beveridge, Bigby, Austin
Blair, Boles, Bright. George M. Brooks, Buckley,
Coiningo, Conger, Cotton, Crockor, Dawes, Donnan,
DuBose, Duell, Dunncll, Eldreugo, Farnsworth,
Farwell, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Goodrich, Hale,
George E. Ilurris, iiavens, Gerry W. llazolton,
lloar, Hooper, lloughton, Lamport, howe, Lynch,
McCormick, MeCrary, Meilenry, McJunkin, Mer-
riam. Mitchell, Leonard Myers, Orr. Isaac C. Par-
ker, Peck, Eli Perry, Peters, Piatt, Rftiney, Rusk,
Saigent, Sawyer, Scotield, Seeley, Sheldon, Sher-
wood, Shober, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, H. Boardman ,
Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Stoughton, Sutherland,TafTe, :
Washington Townsend, Turner, Tuthill, Twichcil,
Waddell, Wakoman, Waldron, Wallace, Warren,
Wheeler, and Willi,nns ot New York—81.
NOT VO'LTNG--Messr-". James Brooks, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Freeman Clurko, William T.
Clarke, Cobb, Conner, Creoly, Darrail, Bavis, Do
Largo, Dickey. Dux, Elliott. Griffith, llalsey^ Ham-
bloton, John W. Uuzelton, Hill, Kellogg, Kendall,
Kinsella, Luuaing, Lc.ioh, Marshall, Maynard, Mc-
intyre. McKee, Merrick, Morey, Morgan, Morphis,
Neglo.v, J'almer, Rosea W. Parker, Perce, Aaron F.
I'erry, Poland, Porter, Potter, Randall, Edward Y.
iiice, Ritchie, Robinson, Rogers, Wortbmgton C.
Smith, Storm, Stowell, St. John, Swann, Sypher,
Thomas, Walls, Wells, Whitthorne, Willard, and
Young—5( .
So the vote by which the main question was
ordered on the third reading of the bill was
reconsidered.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
ordeiing the bill to bo read a third time, and
the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Hanks] is
entitled to the floor for one hour.
Mr. HANKS. I yield ten minutes of my
time to the gentleman from New York, TMr.
Cox.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not want
to interrupt the business on this bill provided
it will close very soon, but I am exceedingly
anxious to go 011 with the consideration of the
appropriation bills.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope this time will not
be taken out of the hour.
The ,SPEAKER. It will be if the gentle-
man yields for this purpose.
Mr. GAllFIBLD, of Ohio. I ask the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] if he will
not be willing to yield for the purpose of going
into Committee of the Whole on the deficiency
appropriation bill?
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Arkansas,
[Mr. Hanks,] by whose courtesy I hold the
floor, insists that I shall not yield.
Mr. HANKS. Of course I object to yield-
ing if it is to be taken out of my time.
Sir. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Of course no
rights will be lost in regard to this bill by going
into Committee ofthe Whole.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman con-
sent that this bill shall be committed to the
Committee on the Public Lands?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no con-
trol of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] to yield to me to make
a motion to commit this bill to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
Mr. COX. I have no objection myself.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to commit this
bill to the Committee on the Public Lar.da
with instructions to so amend the bill as that
it shall grant to the State of Wisconsin all of
the land specified in the bill, which would iu-
ure to the Northern Pacific Railroad Company
under existing laws by any location of the
said North Pacific road authorized by existing
laws, if this grant or extension-was not made
to said State, and limit the grant to the lands
which in the absence of such legislation would
by fair interpretation of existing laws inure to
the benefit of the North Pacific road.
Mr. HAY. How is this proposition before
the House?
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire the gentleman from
New Yoik [Mr. Cox] to yield to me to make
the motion 1 have indicated.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ark-
ansas, [Mr. Hanks,] who moved to reconsider
the vote by which the main question was
ordered, which motion was agreed to, became,
under the rules, entitled to the floor for one
hour. lie yielded for ten minutes to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Cox,] and by his
silence the Chair supposes' he yields to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.]
Mr. COX. I have no objection to the motion
to commit being entered.
The SPEAKER. That rests with the gen-
tleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Hanks,] who con-
trols the floor.
Mr. RUSK. Will thegentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Holman] consent that the Commit-
tee on Public Lands shall be allowed to report
on this bill at any time ? The Legislature of
Wisconsin is now in session.
Mr. COX. I object to that. I understand
that the moiion of my friend from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] 1'or recommitting this bill with
instructions is now pending.
The SPEAKER. The proper form in which
to present the motion is to move to refer.
The bill has never been before a coromittee
of this House; it was taken from the Speak-
er's table, being a Senate bill.
Mr. COX. I understand it to be a Senate
bill. I want it referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. That is understood to be
the pending motion, the gentleman from Ark-
ansas [Mr. Hanks] yielding to allow it to be
made.
Mr. COX. I do not know tliat the gentle-
men in opposition to this bill have any apology
to make for the proceedings of yesterday. The
result thus far to-day justifies all that was
done yesterday. I do not think gentlemen in
favor of this bill have any right to complain
of filibustering, for they gave evidence of
some intention to do the same thing when we
seemed about to be successful in the reversal
of our action of yesterday.
This bill has been twice defeated by Con-
gress after full debate. We did hope and
expect that gentlemen on the other side, at
least after their statements in reference to
the Northern Pacific road, would give us an
opportunity by amendment and argument to
remove their objections to our objections
growing out of the Northern Pacific railroad
and its relations to the public lands in Wis-
consin. I understand that the letter of the
Commissioner of Public Lands, referred toby
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson]—
which will be read when he comes to make
his remarks—states that the Northern Pacific
railroad will get their lands all the same, even
if this bill passes. They will get, if not lands
on the precise line of this road, lands further
west, according to the line and progress of
the construction of their road. So that we
cannot by any action here do any service or
disservice to the Northern Pacific road. Our
legislation should be regardless of all rail-
roads and their interests. We may do ser-
vice to the public by rejecting this bill, and
we do not design, nor will we help or hurt the
Northern Pacific road by passing it.
I never voted in Congress for any of the
