8094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
officeholders who are known as seldom dying
and never resigning, still it. cannot be a matter
of gratification to us that we should be placed
in a position where we are likely to be killed
by breathing foul air. Already one of my col-
leagues has resigned, and if we should sit here
all summer I expect I would miss many mem-
bers now around me.
K seems to me quite possible for us to re-
move the gallery behind the Speaker's chair
so as to open this Hall to the entrance of the
outer air $ or we might remove the north gal-
lery, where perhaps fresh and pure air is more
needed, if I can judge by the occupants I have
seen there lately.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would say to
the gentleman from Nhw York ([Mr. Roose-
velt] that this is hardly a matter of light and
color, though it is a matter of heat. My friends
on the other side of the House for a long lime
have had great objection to ihe color black ;
and the reference of the gentleman to the north
gallery indicates that he still feels that preju-
dice. But when his party have just nomin-
ated Brown, I cannot see very well how he
can object to black. He is at least making
his way in that direction. [Laughter.]
I desire, however, to call the attention of
the gentleman to the fact that this boiler,
which it is intended by this amendment to
replace, and which is said to be in great dan-
ger of explosion, is located almost directly
under the Democratic side of the House, and
I think our friends over there cannot stand
political explosions and boiler explosions at
the same time. The committee thought it
best that this boiler should be replaced, and
recommended an appropriation for the pur-
pose.
The amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
The Clerk read the fifty-sixth amendmentof
the Senate, in which the committee recom-
mend non-concurrence, as follows:
For tins amount, being the balance on account
due the Uuapaw tribe ot Indians for a certain tract
of land in the State of Kansas, containing seventy-
six hundred and thirtj-two hundredths acres,
coded by said tribe to the United Stated in accord-
ance with the terms of the fourth article of the
treat> with the iSenecas, mixed Senecas andShaw-
neef, Quapaw:-, conledeiale Peorias, Kaskaskias,
Wens, and Piankeshawj), Ottawas of lilanchard's
I'ork and llochode jind certain "Wyandotts,
concluded February 2-5, 1867, (Statutes, volume fit-
teen, page 513,) &1.5U0 40.
For this amount, to be taken from any funds in
the Treasury of the United Suites belonging to the
confederated bands of Peorias, Kaska&luas, Weas,
and Piankesshaws, to make good to the Quapaw
tribe of Indians the estimated value ot eighteen
thousand five hundred and twenty-two and litcy
hundredths acres of land lying south of Kansas,
Ceded by them to the United States under the terms
of the lourth article ol the treaty with the Senecas,
mixed Senecas^and Shawnees, Quapaws, confeder-
ated Peoi ias, lvat-kii.^kias, Weas, and Pianke^haw.-*,
Ottawas ot Bianchaid's Fork and Roche de Bceuf,
and certain Wyandotts, concluded Febiuary 23,
1867, (Statutes, \oluuie fifteen, page 513j which
lands were, by the twenty-second article of said
treaty, granted and sold to the confederated bands
Ol Peonas, Kaskaskias, We.ss, and Pianke^liaws, at
the same rate as paid by the Government, ip21,o00 87.
Mr. LOWE. I would ask the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations why this
amendment cannot be concurred in? The
first portion ot the amendment is simply for
the payment for a tract of laud purchased by
the United States.
Mr. GARFlELD, of Ohio. There were no
papers sent over to the Committee on Appro-
priations touching this particular matter, and
we wanted to see the whole strength of the
case, which induced the Senate to insert this
amendment. We do not concur in any amend-
ment ot the Senate unless we have affirma-
tive reasons for it. We do not always, by
recommending non-concurrence in an amend-
ment, say that we are opposed to it. We
merely say that we have no sufficient reasons
for agreeing to it. We think it safest to act
on affirmative knowledge, and to require the
body that wants anything put in a bill to prove
its necessity.
Mr. LOWE. I happen to know the facts in
regard to the first portion of this amendment.
It is an appropriation for the payment for
about eight thousand acres bought by the Uni-
ted States from the Quapaw tribe of Indians.
Congress has passed a law for the sale ot these
lands to the present settlers at §1 25 per acre.
I am not aware that any appropriation has
ever been made to pay the Quapaws for these
lands. It seems to me eminently proper that
this payment should be made.
The question being taken, the amendment
of the Senate was non-concurred in.
The Clerk read the sixty-first amendment of
the Senate, in which the committee recommend
concurrence, as follows:
Strike out after line fifteen, section two, the fol-
lowing :
Provided, That no part of the money hereby ap-
propriated snail be paid to any mechanics or labor-
ers >vho have already been paid for eight hours'
labor four fifths as much as the amount which was
paid to like laborers and mechanics for ten hours'
labor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the House
will not concur in the amendment of the Sen-
ate by striking out that proviso. It will be
recollected that that proviso was added by
vote of the House, taken by yeas and nays,
after considerable discussion in committee,
and after the Committee of the Whole had
voted decidedly against the whole paragraph.
It may be remembered that when we dis-
cussed the subject in Committee of the Whole
the committee was decidedly against a para-
graph providing for paying these men who
worked but eight hours as much as was paid to
men who had worked ten hours ; the committee
decided against it by a very large majority.
Subsequently the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Air. Dawes,J whose paragraph it was,
got the consent of the chairman of the Com-
mittee 011 Appropriations to move the same
amendment in the House for the purpose of
getting the yeas and nays upon it. I then
moved this proviso which has been stricken
out by the Senate, as a modification of his
amendment, and the yeas and nays were taken
upon it and it was adopted. This amendment
brings up the whole question that was then
discussed, and to which 1 simply desire to call
the attention of the House, whether the men
who worked during the periods from the time
our law passed fixing eight hours as a day's
labor in Government shops until the date of
the proclamation of the President when he
directed that ten hours' pay should be given
the same as before—the question is whether
we shall pay the twenty per cent, additional
between the period when the law passed and
the proclamation of the President.
I wish to call the attention of the House to
the fact that if you take this half million dol-
lais out of the Treasury to pay these men you
will have to pay another half million or more
from the Treasury to pay the men who during
that period worked ten hours and only re-
ceived ten hours pay ; for a large portion of
the men employed on these Government
works, arsenals, navy-yards, &c., did work
ten hours a day and receive one fifth more
pay than the men who worked but eight hours,
and the men who worked but eight hours did
it voluntaiily and received their pay never
expecting to get any moie. The other men
worked the extra ten hours and received the
same pay they had before received, which was
like pay as is received by mechanics all over
the United States.
Now, if we add this one fifth to the wages
of the men who worked eight hours, and pay
them just as much as we paid the men who
worked side by side with them for a part of
the time for ten hours, I ask why wc should
not pay an additional ten per cent, to the men
who struggled on for two hours longer. If
this amendment of the Senate is to be passed
at all I desire to put on an amendment by
which exact justice shall be done by making
another appropriation to pay another five per
cent, to the men who worked ten hours. A
friend near me suggests that after we have
paid the ten-hour men this increased pay the
eight-hour men will come here and ask to have
their pay increased to the same amount; but
my proposition is the only way in which justice
can be done in the matter.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am making no assault
here on the laboring men of the country, but I
will say that the men who work in the arsenals
and navy-yards, and on all Government works,
are not the hardest working men in the United
States by any means, and I do protest against
taxing the farmers, the mechanics, and the
laboring men of my district, and all over the
United States, who work ten hours for less
wages than men get in the arsenals and navy-
yards, in order to give a bounty to these men,
many of whom are appointed for political
reasons, and are mere bummers. Everybody
knows, as I have said, that the men employed,
on Government works are not the hardest
worked mechanics in the United States by any
means; and I have not seen any member of
Congress, nor any other man who has not a
Government work in his district of some sort
or other, who will admit to me that there is
any justice in this mode of payment.
Sir. DAWES. I would like to put a fair
question to the gentleman from Illinois, and
it is whether, when you pass a law that a man
should have a given pay for eight hours' work,
and by an erroneous construction of that law
he could not get that amount, he does not
think it right to give him his pay ?
Mr. FA11NSW0RTH. Does the gentle-
man want an answer?
Mr. DAWES. By and by. I agree with
him that if after we had passed the law saying
that the man who worked for eight hours
should have agiven sum, and atany place the
superintendent had "misconstrued the law, and
would not let the workman have the pay
unless he worked two hours longer, it would be
a case demanding relief just as much as this,
but by an erroneous construction of the law
many men have been deprived of one fifth of
the pay which the law said they should receive.
Let us meetth's matter fairly. If any man
worked according to the requirements of the
law, "but still by an erroneous construction of
officers obtained only eight tenths of the pay
therefor that he should have received ; or if
any man wot ked ten hours a day. when the law
required him tu work only eight hours, and
did so because lie could only in that way get
the pay which the law said he should receive
for a day's labor of eight hours, then let us
meet the subject manfully and pay both of them
that to which they are entitled. I admit that
there is no difference between them. The man
who worked ten hours and got paid for only
eight hours is entitled to two hours' additional
pay. So the man who woi ked eight hours and
got paid only eight tenths of what was duehim,
is entitled to the balance of his pay.
We made this law without their request;
we forced it upon the laborers in the Govern-
ment workshops who had just as much as they
could do before to make both ends meet. Some
ot them, for a short lime, by an erroneous
construction of the law by the officers, were de-
prived of one fifth of the wages the law gave
them. In other cases they received their day's
wages only by overworking two hours. These
last are entitled to relief just as much as the
others. And if the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnswouth] will offer an amendment
to that effect, I will support it just as heartily
as I would support this proposition. I have
no more interest in advocating this amend-
ment than I would have in advocating tho
other. 11 is because we made a pledge to these
men that 1 advocate this amendment.
I say to the gentleman from Illinois that ha
is mistaken when he says that these men who
work in these public works did not accomplish
as much in eight hours as they did before in
ten. The returns from the armories, the arse-
i, and the navy-yards show that for eight
