1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1S6S
railroad grants. Perhaps I and my friend from
Indiana [Mr. Holman] are singular in this
respect. We have been here from the origin
of this bad system. I do not complain that
my honorable friend from Wisconsin [Mr.
EldredgeJ should be earnest and anxious
about thi-s road in his own State. He is doubt-
less a faithful representative of his State, and
he looks with vigilance after its local interests.
But I do complain somewhat that my honor-
able friend from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] should
have read a lesson to the Democratic party
here growing out of a vote in June, 1868. I
was not here at that time, and am not respons-
ible for that vote. It was a vote in which, as
he claimed, there were' only eight Democrats
against the extension of the grant to the
Northern Pacific railroad. 1 do not know
how this may be, but I do know that the
record will show that a large majority of the
votes against these schemes in past Congresses
have been Democratic. The party is irrevo-
cably committed against them.
I do not care for myself how Democrats
have voted on that or any other proposition
connected with the public lands. 1 have voted
from the beginning of ray service here to give
lands to actual settlers, and never for giving
them away for other purposes. 1 believed
that there should be no monopoly of the public
lands ; that they are the patrimony of the peo-
ple ; that the people, and. especially the labor-
ing people, are entitled to the benefits of the
public domain. I might argue here, as was
done by an honorable gentleman from Ken-
tucky, Mr. Crittenden, some years ago, that
our public credit demands that our public
lands shall be held sacred. They are the basis
in one respect of our bonds and our credit.
But I have not time to go into an argument on
that subject.
There is one main point in relation to this
question, and upon which my friend from Indi-
ana [Mr. Holman] was not allowed even one
word by the gentlemen on the other side. It
is this : that beyond doubt the land granted in
1856 to this road, after ten years' failure to
take it under the grant, reverted to the United
States. '' Reverted ' turned back to the Uni-
ted States. This is the very language of the
law. It is ours absolutely, and this is a new
grant in fact and form. If this grant be now
renewed, an indemnity, if asked by the North-
ern Pacific railroad, must be given in the form
of other lands further west in lieu of the grant
to the Wisconsin road contemplated by this
bill. Who doubts this ?
On this subject of grants of the public
lands there has been a constant and whole-
some growth of public opinion. It has been
uniformly against such measures. Gentle-
men on both sides of the House know very
well that whereas land grants used to be made
here not only to States but to corporations by
considerable majorities, the public sentiment
is now strong the other way.
The State of California, which has suffered
grievously, almost to bankruptcy, especially in
some counties, has sent here a joint resolution
of its Legislature, reciting the platform of both
parties, Republican and Democratic, against
this land-grant policy, and instructing their
Representatives to vote against all such meas-
ures. This resolution was passed December
20,1871. It reads as follows :
"Whereas the two great political parties of the
State of California did pledge their representatives
in the State Legislature to a reform in the laws of
landed tenures in the following resolutions passed
at their State conventions held in the city of Sacra-
mento. Democratic convention, held June21,1871,
thirteenth article of the platform of resolutions says:
' That, public lands yet left to the United States and
the State of California should be disposed of only to
actual settlers in limited quantities and on the most
favorable terms, and the laws, both State and Fed-
eral, should be so trained as to insure this rosult so
vital to a free people.' Hepublicanconvontion, held
June 28th, fourth article of the platform says: That
the concentration of landed property of tlie country
in the possession and ownership of the low to tho
exclusion of the many, is in contravention of tho
theory of American government, subversive of the
rights, liberties, and happiness of the masses of the
people, and, if permitted, would inevitably term-
inate in the speedy establishment of an aristocracy
upon the rnins of oar free institutions; and wtj are
in favor of such legislation, both by the nation and
State, as shall secure a just and equal distribution
of the public lands remaining to them respectively
to actual settlers and proprietors in small quantities,
at the lowest reasonable prices, and for homestead
purposes onlyTherefore,
"Resolved by the Assembly, (the Senate concurring,)
That our Senators and Representatives in Congress
be requested to use their influence to secure the pas-
sage ot an act which shall accomplish tho following
results in the distribution of our public lands:
first, a repeal of all laws allowing the sale of tho
public domain, the lands to be given to actual set-
tlers in such quantities as they can cultivate; sec-
ond, a restoration to the public domain of all lands
now reserved for railroad purposes not actually pat-
ented, compensation in money being madefor incho-
ate rights to railroad companies when necessary; •
third, and we especially request that the influence j
of our delegation in Congress be extended to pre- !
vent any further absorption of the public domain
into the hands of a few men, the nation to hold tho
same in trust for those who actually occupy, or de-
sire to do so, in such quantities as they can settle
upon and cultivate: Provided, That the condition
upon which the land shall be occupied shall bo cul-
tivation in such a manner as shall preserve the land
from decay; and also that the occupier shall not
have the power to sell or will any said land to any
person who is the occupier or owner of other lands
which he intends to keep, nor to one who does not
intend to settle upon and cultivate the same."
Why should California, so helped by the
Central Pacific railroad, be so very antagonistic
to such uses of the public land ? I will tell
you one fact I learned there last summer. It
costs more to carry goods from the sierras to
San Francisco by railroad now than it used to
by the wagon in days gone by.
In Indiana and Ohio the platforms of both
parties, and I think in New York also, at least
the Democratic party, have pronounced against
any such grants of the public domain. West
Virginia has made a similar expression of sen-
timent.
This is the current of public feeling irre-
spective of party, as expressed from both
press and forum. The members of Congress
who are recreant to this popular sentiment on
this question will hear not only from the peo-
ple in general, but especially from the work-
ingmen of this country, who are now organ-
ized by hundreds of thousands. Their most
special concern, as unmistakably indicated, is
against the spoliation of the people's property
in the interest of individuals and of these
aggrandizing monopolists.
As an index of the public sentiment, I call
attention to tho resolution adopted by the re-
cent labor convention at Columbus, Ohio. It
shows that the hundreds of thousands of the
workingrnen, who are greater than all politi-
cians, as the creator is above the creature, are
now entering their emphatic protest, not only
against the monopoly of capital, but against
this abuse of the legislative power of Con-
gress. The resolution says:
"The lands of tho United States belong to the
people, and should not be granted to individuals or
corporations, but hold for the henelit of landless
settlers in amounts not exceeding one hundrod and
sixty acres."
The influences on the public mind against
these railroad grants have been greatly inten-
sified by the unrivaled extent of the^grants
made. The following extract from the Nation,
of December 22, 1870, illustrates better than
my rhetoric what I mean :
"The total extent of lands positively given away
by the people of the United States, principally to
railroad corporations, up to tho end of 1869, amount-
ed to one hundred and eighty-six million acres, a
territory as large as that of Great Britain and France
combined, while the last session of Congress enter-
tained applications for and partially granted a fur-
ther amount of one hundred and ninety million
acres, exceeding the combined area of Spain, Italy,
and Switzerland, and is now preparing to receive
applications for as much more. The land actually
granted is four times aslargcasthewholeofNow Kng-
land, twice as large as all the central Atlantic States
combined, including Ohio, and half as large again
as the five southern Atlantic States, or as the five
central southern States, or as the five great western
States of Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Wisconsin, and
Michigan united. All ordinary means of estimat-
ing size and value fail before these stupendous
amounts. Yet this is only what has been irrevoc-
ably given, Thegrants now under more or less favor-
able consideration by Congress would double thorn,
and the grants asked for, but not yet considered,
would more than treble them. t It is no wonder that
public opinion halts at tho idea of giving away
to private individuals a territory as big as half of
Europe."
It is this inordinate waste and squander of
our domain that calls for even extraordinary
proceedings to defeat such measures.
I hold in my hand, Mr. Speaker, a protest
which was not fully signed, which I prepared
for signature, but which from the recent vote
I think would have been signed by a large
minority of this House, almost a majority, and
which it was intended to file if this bill had been
forced through the House in the manner first
attempted. I will read the language of that pro-
test as a synopsis of what I would say against
this bill:
We, the undersigned, members of the Forty-Second
Congress, protest against the passage of the Senate
bill No. 565. entitled "An act to extend the time for
the Stato of Wisconsin to complete a road from Lake
St. Croix to Lake Superior,forthefollowingreasons :
First, The mode by which the bill has been passed
is a violation of the public sentiment we represent,
in this: that adequate debate was not allowed^ to tho
opponents of the bill, whilo those in favor of itwere
allowed full debate.
Happily, sir, there is no reason now for that
objection.
" 2. That an amendment offered by Mr. Holman,
of Indiana, designed to obviate the alleged monop-
oly of the Northern Pacific road, was not allowed to
ho offered or voted upon."
No thanks to the gentlemen who are man-
aging this bill for that, but thanks to the return-
ing good sense of the House alone:
"3. That this House has heretofore voted against
the passago ol this bill or a bill similar thereto after
full debate.
"4. That tho platforms of such States as Califor-
nia, New York. Indiana, Ohio, and many other
States, irrespective of parties, the resolutions of
various State Legislatures, as well ns tho action of
the labor conventions, in unequivocal languago in-
struct us that the public lands undisposed of should be
disposed ot only to actual settlers; and these expres-
sions constitute a most emphatic and oarnest pro-
test from tho people of this country against tho
further disposition of tho public lands for individual
greed and corporate aggrandizement.
" 5. That the almost fabulous magnitude of the gifts
already made to individuals and corporations not
only withdraws the mean3 of the peoplo from bene-
ficial industry by which individuals derive extrava-
gant gains, but they are a practical confiscation of
the patrimony of the people; and in every_light in
which this species of legislation can bo^ viewed is
unrepublican, undemocratic, and corrupting.
"6. That tho laboring men of this country, many
thousands in number, have appealed to Congress
against this legislation in the following terms: 4 W o
urge our appeal on theground of simple justice to our
children and to the emigrants now seeking our chores,
fleeing from the very monopoly of lands so alarmingly
threatening our Republic by the enormous^absorp-
tion of the public domain by giant corporations and
private monopolists. We urge our appeal as a meas-
ure of justice to the whole American people, as a rich
legacy in trust by our generation for those to come
after its, never to bo alienated. Weurge our appeal
finally as one deeply affecting the morals and well-
being of our people, in that these giant corporations
have become the allies of stock gamblers in turning
our public domain (the heritage of all) into one vast
national gambling arena.'"
That was the protest which we should have
entered. I believe the people would have
indorsed and justified such an extraordinary
piece of legislation as a protest. At least the
laboring people of the country show they would
have indorsed it. By their recent nomination
of Judge Davis, and perhaps from other nom-
inations herealter to be made, the people
will have their word on this topic. Even the
President of the United States himself, v-ho
always signs this species of bills, has been
compelled by public opiuion to indorse the
sentiment of this protest. For, in his aujiual
message, General Grant himself, for the in-
struction of the Republican, if not of the Dem-
ocratic side of the House, has said :
"1 renew my recommendation that the public
lands be regarded as a heritage to our clliluron, to
be disposed of only as required for occupation and
to actual settlers. Those already granted
[Here the hammer fell.] .
Mr. COX. I should like to finish this ele-
gant extract-
Mr. HAY. I object to the gentleman's pro-
ceedin°\ He occupies a great deal of the time
of tho f
