1-872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8095
■ hours' work under this law the result has
f been equal to that which was before accom-
l plished ill ten hours. I do not know what
f justice there can be in thus trying to keep
I these men out of one fifth of their wages. If
j-. there are others who were obliged to work two
I hours more in order to get pay for a day's
; work, then pay them for that additional two
' hours' laboi, for it is their due. But that is
? no reason why you should deprive those who
' got but eight tenths of their proper wages of
* the two tenths which is still due them.
All I ask in this matter is that the House
shall deal with these workmen as members
; would deal with each other. You made this
: law ; you said to these men : " Hereafter eight
hours' labor shall constitute a day's work."
They were willing to work ten hours, but they
were prevented trom doing so. Tben, by an
I erroneous construction of your law by some
officers, some of these men for a few months
were deprived of two tenths of the wages due
them. This amendment simply provides for
paying them that which is their due. The
" proviso which was introduced by the gentle-
man from Illinois can have no effect but to
thwart that object. I trust that the proviso
will be stricken out, in accordance with the
vote of the Senate, and that we shall pay these
men what is due them under the law which
we passed.
It the gentleman from Illinois desires to
offer an amendment that will include any
workman who labored ten hours m order to
get the wages which the law intended he should
have for eight hours' labor, I will support it;
for there is just as much justice in giving to
the man who was compelled by an erroneous
construction of the law to work ten hours for
eight hours' pay the amount due him for the
additional two hours' labor, as there is to pay
the man who worked eight hours, and did not
get eight tenths of the amount due him, the
other two tenths of his pay.
The gentleman from Illinois does not do
himselt justice m this effort to deprive these
men of that one fifth of a day's wages which
they earned according to the law. Yet, be-
cause by an erroneous construction of the
law others were compelled to work more than
the time which the law specified in order to
obtain the pay the law provided, he turns
around and says that these men should not
receive the additional pay to which they are
clearly entiiled. Let the others be paid also.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. Debate is exhausted upon
the pending amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
the Senate amendmeut by striking out the
last line.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman perhaps
means " by leaving m the last line," as the
Senate amendment itself is a proposition to
strike out. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We have a right to
perfect, the clause before the vote is taken on
striking it out.
Mr. HOAR. Is that in oider?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] started out by
asking me a question, whether, where the law
had provided that a man should have a day's
wages for eight hours' work, and by m>stake a
porlion of his wages had been withheld, 1
would continue to withhold it. I say 1 would
not. But, I will ask t.he gentleman in return
whether we have, parsed any such law?
Mr. DAWES. I think we have.
Mr. FA UN SvV OUT II. 1 do not think so.
Here is t.he law that we passed. It provides:
"That, eight hours shall constitute a day's work j
for all laborers, workmen, and mechanics now em- ]
ployed or who may herealter be employed by or on
behalf of the Government of the United States;
and that alt acts or parts of acts inconsistent with
this act be and the same are hereby repealed."
This is the whole provision, that eight hours
shall constitute a day's work. The superin-
tendents at the Government workshops and
yards did not construe that as requiring them
t,o pay for eight hours' work as much wages
as they had been paying for ten hours' work.
The workmen did not so construe it. The
men employed at those establishments were
not compelled to stay there and work. They
are not mustered into the service and com-
pelled to obey orders. They are no more
obliged to stay than is the farmer's hired man
when his employer changes his rate of wages.
No mau was compelled to stay and receive for
eight hours' work four fifths the wages he
had received before for ten hours. He could
stay or go as he chose. These men did stay.
They preferred to stay in those easy places and
work eight hours a day for four fifths of the
pay they had before received.
Mr. DAWES. When they were paid they
entered on the books their protest, and claimed
that they were entitled to one fifth more pay.
Mr. EARNS WORTH. I do not care for
their protests. They were not obliged to stay
there and work. They were told what, wages
they would receive. Suppose a man hires
another, and says, '• For eight hours' work daily
I will pay you four dollars a day." The man
goes on and works for thirty days, and then
says, " Why, sir, the Legislature of the State
ot Illino's has passed a law making eight hours
a day's work You should pay me five dollars
a day, as if I had worked ten hours daily. I
protest against taking the four dollars a day ;
and 1 shall appeal to the Legislature or the
courts to compel you to pay me the additional
dollar for each day's work."
Now, sir, while some of these men were
working eight hours daily, others in the same
yards were working ten, showing how they
understood the matter; and for their ten hours
labor they received the full rate of pay. Jly
friend from Massachusetts (for he is logical
and consistent) says he will vote to give these
men an additional twenty per cent. What will
be the result? You will be paying a joiner
six dollars a day for ten hours' work, because
he works in a navy-yard, when outside of that
yard a carpenter or joiner, a workman of the
same character, gets but four or live dollars
for working ten hours a day. Men outside
work tor private builders or contractors and
do twice as much work as these men do under
your oilicial superintendents.
Why, sir, the Attorney General of the United
States did not construe that law as requiring
that ten hours' wages should be paid. He
held that, it did not interfere with wages, and
so decided. It wis after that dech-ion that
the President of the United States issued his
proclamation and directed that these people
should be paid the same for eight hours' work
that they had received for ten. I think, by
the way, that he had no right to issue such a
proclamation, in my opinion we do not elect
a President to construe laws. I do notunder-
stand that the President of the United States
can determine for us or for the couits what the
law is. If the President, by a proclamation,
declares that the law requires a workman at
the Springfield armory to be paid so much a
day, am 1 to come hero and register the Pres-
ident's proclamation by voting an appropria-
tion to carry it out? If so, then thePiesident
may issue another proclamation and require
that ten dollars, or any other sum, shall be
paid for eight hours' work.
Mr. L MYERS. Let me read the Pres-
ident's proclamation
Mr. FAUN S WO RTH. I do not care if the
gentleman has the President's proclamation.
Mr. Speaker. I am not here to legislate as I
may be bidden to by a proclamation from any
one. The courts construe the law. For the
President and the Departments, the Attorney
General construes the laws. The construction
given by the Attorney General is generally
received by the Administration as the law
until the courts correct it.
Now, sir, let us be just in these matters.
Let us treat these men as other men are treated.
A few years ago the Legislature of Illinois
passed an eight hours' law. What was the
result? Manufacturers immediately said to
their men, "Very well; if you work eight
hours we will pay you four filths of a clay's
wages, and if you work ten hours we will pay
you full price." That is the way they settled
it there. The courts never interfered. Here
you propose that men shall be paid as much
for eight hours as they were paid before for
ten hours' work.
Mr. L. MYERS. The gentleman's five
minutes have expired.
Mi. FAUNSWORTH. I am now speaking
under the ten hours' law. [Laughter.]'
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired.
Mr. IIAWLEY. Mr. Speaker, before sub-
mitting any remarks, I ask the Clerk to read
the eight hours' law.
The Clerk read as follows:
An act constituting eight hoars a day's work for all
laborers, workmen, and mechanics employed by
or on behalf of the Government of tho United
States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Represent-
atives of the United State1 of America in OongreHa
atxembled, That eight hours shall constitute a day's
work for alt laborers, workmen, and mechanics now
employed, or who may bo hereafter employed, by
or on behalf of the Government of the United
States; a,nd that all acts and parts of acts incon-
sistent with this act be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
Approved June 25, 1868.
Mr. HAWLEY. Now, sir, that law was
passed in 1808. In some of the armories and
arsenals and other public works this law was
faithfully executed, and laborers were paid a
day's wages for eight hours' work. But the
law was so construed by some of the com-
mandants at different posts that they deprived
laborers under them of the advantages intended
by the law, and still kept their workmen under
the old rule. Where they worked for eight
hours they received only four fifths of a day's
wages instead of a full day's wages, which
was the intention of the law.
Because this construction was irregular, and
not in itself any fair execution of the law, the
President, in 1809, issued a proclamation,
declaring thereafter the law should bti so con-
strued on all public works that laborers should
receive a day's wages for eight, hours' work.
I desire to have that proclamation of the Pres-
ident read.
The Clerk read as follows ;
I',y the President of the United. States of Amcricii.
a proclamation.
Whereas the siet of Congress, appioved June 25,
1868, constituted on and alter that date eight hours
a day's work for all faborers. workmen, and me-
chanics employed by or on behalf of the Govern-
ment of the United States, and repealed all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent therewith :
Now, therefore, I, Ulysses S. Grant, President of
the United States, do hereby direct that trom and
after this date no reductionsh.il) be made m the
wages (taid by the Government by tlie day to such
laboreis, workmen, and mechanics on account of
such reduction ot the hours ol labor.
In testimony whereof I have hereto sot my
hand and caused the seaf ot the United States to be
affixed.
Done at the city of "Washington this fO'h day of
May, in the year of our Loid 1S6U, and of tho inde-
pendence of the United States tne ninety-third.
U. S. GRAVr.
By the President •
Ham i lton Fish, Sec return of State.
Mr. HAWLEY. If it were true under that
law a laborer was entitled to a day's wages lor
eight hours' work, then be'ore that proclama-
tion they had been paid in violation of law
when they were paid less than a day's wages
for eight hours' work. In every public work,
armory, arsenal, and nnvy-yaid s.nee the
President issued that proclamation they ha,\e
been paid a day's wage^ for eight,hours work.
In those arsenals and o'her public works where
during the period trom the passage of the law to
the issuance of the President's proclamation
the men were paid less than what the law
intended they should receive, it is now pro-
