THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
tobacco, thereby taxing a luxury, and a per-
nicious one, ancTI would relieve the tax upon
some articles of industry; for example, that
of tagging and baling. I would offer a reward
to industry, and place a tax upon luxury. But
I meet the case as it has been argued here  
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Senator's time
has expired. The question is on the amend-
ment of the Senator* from Iowa.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
Hamhh,] who is now absent on business. If
he were here he would vote "yea," and I
should vote "nay."
Mr. THURMAN. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from West Virginia,
[Mr. Davis.] If he were here he would vote
"nay," and I should vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 32 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan, Gilbert, Harlan,
Hitchcock, Logan, Mornll of Maine, Pratt, Sher-
man, Tipton. Trumbull, Windom, and "Wright—17.
NAYS —Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard. Blair,
Boreman, Buckingham, Clayton, Cooper, Fenton,
i'erry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen,
Goldthwaite. Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, John-
ston, Kelly, Lewis, Norwood, Pool, Kansom, Sauls-
bury, Sawyer, Schurz, Scott, Sprague, Stevenson,
Stockton. Sumner, Viekers, West, and Wilson—82.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow. Caldwell,
Cameron, Carpenter, Casserly, Davis of Kentucky,
Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds. Hamilton of
Texas, Hamlin, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont,
Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, ltice, Robertson, Spencer, Stewart, and 'i'liur-
man—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe the amend-
ment inserting " twenty four" in lieu of
" twenty" was adopted before the motion was
made to strike out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then, if it is now conve
nient to the Senate, I wish to offer an amend-
ment) which comes in most appropriately at
the top of page 55. I think the Senate, by
the last vote, has decided the rate of duty m
regard to tobacco, and I shall make no fur-
ther motion in regard to it.
The Committee on Finance direct me to
report an amendment, to come in at the
end of page 54, which is quite a long one,
consolidating the various taxes in regard to
brewers. It is a bill that has passed, in the
very words in which I offer it, in the House of
Representatives, and has received the sanc-
tion of the Committee on Finance and been
reported by them without amendment. It
simply embodies the present law in regard to
brewers without changing it in any material
respect. It meets with the approval of the
Commissioner of Internal Kevenue. I ask
that it be adopted as one amendment. The
brewers are very desirous to have it-passed,
and I believe it is assented to by everybody.
Mr. STEVENSON, We cannot hear the
Senator from Ohio on this side, and I should
like him to inform us where this amendment is
to come in.
Mr. SHERMAN. At the bottom of page
54, between the sections in regard to spirits
and tobacco. It relates to brewers only, and
comes in there most appropriately. I would
rather offer it here than at a later part of the
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read.
Mr, SHERMAN. It is a question for the
Senate to say whether they will have that
amendment read". It is a mere codification of
the present law in regard to brewers, the mode
of establishing breweries, the mode of giving
notice, and so on. It is a mere formal matter,
that has nothing to do with the tax, but is put
here so as to have it all in the same law. I
hope the reading may be dispensed with, un-
less some Senator desires it. I do not sup-
pose any one would listen to it if it was read.
If they will take jt on faith, as it has pas'sed
the House of Representatives, in the very
words we offer it, has passed the Committee
on Finance, and meets the approval of the
internal revenue department, I ask to dispense
with the reading.
Mr, CHANDLER. What is the character
of it?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is a codification of
the laws in regard to brewers... The brewers
desire it j the internal revenue department
desires it; it has passed the House of Rep-
resentatives, and has the approval of the
Committee on Finance. It is a very long
codification.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is is confined to brewers
alone?
Mr. SHERMAN. Entirely.
Mr. V1CKERS. I do not know any differ-
ence between voting on an amendment in
manuscript and voting on one in print. We
have not read this amendment and do not
understand it.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator desires it,
it can be read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER The Senator
from Maryland insists on the reading of the
amendment, and it will be read by the Sec-
retary.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the Senator will
listen to it.
Mr. YICKERS. I will do so.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to read the
amendment, which is to add the following
sectious:
Sec. —. That every brewer shall, before commenc-
ing or continuing business, file with, the assistant
assessor of the assessmentdistrict in which he shall
design to carry on his business a notice in writing,
stating therein the name of the person, company,
corporation, or firm, and the names of the members
of any such company or firm, together with.the
place or places of residence of such person or per-
sons, and a description of the premises on which the
brewery is situated, and of his or their title thereto,
and the name or names of the owner or owners
thereof.
Sec.—. That every brewer shall execute a bond
to the United States, to be approved by the col-
lector of the district, in a sum equal to twice the
amount of tax which, in the opinion ot the assessor,
&aid brewer will bo liable to pay during any one
month, which bond shall he renewed on the 1st day
of May in each year, and shall be conditioned that
he will pay, or cause to be paid, as h.erein provided,
the tax required by law on all beer, lager beer, ale,
porter, and other fermented liquors aforesaid made
by him, or for him, before the same is sold or re-
moved for consumption or sale, except as herein-
after provided; and that he will keep, or cause to
be kept, a book in the manner and for the purposes
hereinafter specified, which shall be open to inspec-
tion by the proper officers, as by law required; and
that he will in all respects faithfully comply, with-
out fraud or evasion, with all requirements of law
relating to the manufacture and sale of any malt
liquors before mentioned: Provided, That no brewer
shall be required to pay a special tax as a wholesale
dealer, by reason of selling at wholesale, at a place
other than his biewery. malt liauors manufactured
by him.
Sec.—. That thereshallbepaidon all beer, lager
beer, ale, porter, and other similar fermented
liquors, by whatever name such liquors may be
called, a tax of one dollar for every barrel contain-
ing not more than thirty-one gallons; and at a like
rate for any other quantity, or for any fractional
part of a barrel, which shall be brewed or manufac-
tured and sold, or removed for consumption or
sale, within the United States; which tax shall be
paid by the owner, agent, or superintendent of the
brewery or premises in which such fermented
liquors shall be made, in the manner and at the
time hereinafterspecified :Protmtec£, That fractional
parts of a barrel shall be halves, quarters, sixths,
and eighths; and any fractional part of a barrel
containing less than one eighth shall be accounted
oue eighth; more than one eighth and not more
than one sixth, shall be aeeounted one sixth ; more
than one sixth and not more than one quarter, shall
be accounted one quarter; more than one quarter
and not more than one half, shall be accounted one
half; more than one balf and not more than one
barrel, shall be accounted one barrel; and more
than one barrel and not more than sixty-three gal-
lons, shall be accounted two barrels, or a hogshead.
Sec. —. That every person owning or occupying
any brewery or premises used or intended to be used
for the purpose of brewing or makingsuch fermented
liquors, or who shall have such premises under his
control or superintendence, asagentforthe owner or
occupant, or shall have in his possession or custody
any brewing materials, utensils, or apparatus,used or
intended to be used on said premises m the manufac-
ture of beer, lager beer, ale, porter, or other similar
fermented liquors, either as owner, agent, or super-
intendent, shall, from day to day, enter, or cause to
be entered, in a book to be kept by him tor that
purpose, the kind of such malt liquors,the estimated
quantity produced in barrels, and the actual quan-
tity sold or removed for consumption or sale in
barrels and fractional parts of barrels, and shall
also, from day to day, enter, or cause to be en-
tered, in a separate book to be kept by him for that
purpose, an account of all materials by him pur-
chased for the purpose of producing sucli fermented
liquors, including grain and malt; and shall render
to said assessor or assistant assessor, on or before
the tenth day of each month, a true statement, in
writing, taken from his books, of the estimated
quantity in barrels of such malt liquors brewed, apd
the actual quantity sold or removed for consumption
orsaleduring the preceding month; and shall verify,
orcauscto be verifiedt the said statement, and the
facts therein set forth, by oath or affirmation, to be
taken before the assessor or assistant assessor of the
district, according to the form required by law, and
shall immediately forward to thecolleefor of the dis-
trict a duplicate of said statement duly certified by
the assessor or assistant assessor; and said books shall
be open at all times for the inspection of any assessor
or assistant assessor, collector, deputy collectoi, in-
spector, or revenue agent, who may take memoran-
dums and transcripts therefrom.
Sec. —. That the entries made in such books shall,
on or before the 10th day of each month, be verified
by the oath or affirmation of the person or persons
by whom such entries shall have been made ; which
oath or affirmation shall be written in the book at
the end of such entries, and be certified by the officer
administering the same, and shall be in form as fol-
lows: " I do swear (or affirm) that the foregoing
entries were made by me; and that they state truly,
according to the best of my knowledge and belief,
the estimated quantity of the whole amount of such
maltliquors brewed, and the actual quantity sold,
and the actual quantity removed from the brewery
owned by , in the county of ; and fur-
ther, that I have no knowledge of any matter or
thing required by law to be stated in said entries
which has been omitted therefrom." And the owner,
agent, or superintendent aforesaid shall also, in case
the original entries made in his book shall not have
been made by himself, subjoin thereto the following
oath or affirmation, to be taken in manner as afore-
said: " I do swear (or affirm) that, to the best of my
knowledge and belief, the ioregoing entries fully set
forth all the matters therein required by law; and
that the same are just and true; and that I have
taken.all the means in my power to make them so."
Sec. —. That the owner, agent, or superintendent
of any brewery, vessels, or utensils used in making
Jeymented liquors, who shall evade, or attempt to
evade, the payment of the tax thereon, or fraudu-
lently neglect or refuse to make true and exact entry
and report of the same in the manner required by
law, or to do, or cause to be done, any of the things
by law required to be done by him as aforesaid, or
who shall intentionally make false entry in said
book or in said statement, or knowingly allow or
procure the same to be done, shall forfeit, for every
such offense, all the liquors made by him or for
him, and all the vessels, utensils, and apparatus
used in making the same, and be liable to a pen-
alty of not less than $500 nor more than $1,000,
to be recovered with costs of suit, and shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be im-
prisoned lor a term not exceeding one year. And
any brewer who shall neglect to keep tho books, or
refuse to furnish the account and duplicate thereof
as provided by law, or who shall refuse to permit
the proper officer to examine the books in the man-
ner provided, shall, for every such refusal or neg-
lect, forfeit and pay the sum of $800.
Sec. —. That the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue shall cause to be prepared, for the payment of
the tax aforesaid, suitable stamps denoting the
amount of tax required to be paid on the hogs-
heads, barrels, and halves, quarteis, ?ixtb , and
eighths of a barrel of such fermented liquors, (and
shall also cause to be prepared suitable permits for
the purpose hereinafter mentioned,) and shall fur-
nish the same to the collectors of internal revenue,
who shall each be required to keep on hand at all
times a sufficient supply of permits, and a supply
of stamps equal in amount to two months' sal#
thereof, if there shall be any brewery or brewery
warehouse in his district, and the said stamns shall
be sold, and the said permits granted and delivered
by such collectors only to the brewers of their dis-
tricts respectively; and such collectors shall keep
an account of the number of permits delivered and
also the number and values of the stamps sold by
them to each of such brewers respectively; and the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall allow
upon all sales of such stamps to any brewer, and
by him used in his business, a deduction of seven
and a half per cent. And the amount paid into the
.treasury by any collector on account of the sale of
such stamps to brewers shall be included in esti-
mating the commissions of such collector and of
the assessor of the same district.
&bc. —. That every brewer shall obtain from the
collector of the district in which his brewery or
brewery warehouse may be situated, and not other-
wise, unless such collector shall fail to furnish the
same upon application to him, the proper stamp or
stamps, and shall affix upon the spigot-hole or tap
(of which there shall be but one) of each and every
hogshead, barrel, keg, or other receptacle, in which
any fermented liquor shall be contained, when sold
or removed fromsuch brewery or warehouse, (exccpt
m case of removal under permit as hereinafter pro-
