1304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February! 29,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ark-
ansas [Mr. Hanks] has the disposal of the
floor, and yielded to the gentleman from Now
York, [Mr. Cox.]
Mr. HAY. The gentleman claims the in-
dulgence of this House beyond the time which
was allowed to him, and I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ark-
ansas yielded ten minutes to the gentleman
from New York. The gentleman from New
York has had rather a more liberal allowance,
but it is for the gentleman from Arkansas to
say whether he yields further.
Mr. HANKS. I yield to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Cox] whatever time he
requires to finish his remarks.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ark-
ansas yields indefinitely to the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. COX. I am very much indebted to my
friend from Illinois [Mr. Hat] on the other
side of the House. I will remember it very
much. I was about to conclude the sensible
remarks of the Executive in his message. I
do not know if the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Hat] is disposed to obey the instruction
therein contained:
"Those already granted liavo boen in great part
disposed of in suoh £ way as to secure aooess to tho
balanoe by the hardy settler who may wish to avail
himself of them, but caution should bo exorcised
even in attaining so desirable an object."
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, if you
please, we have not only the public sentiment
of the working men, not only the public senti-
ment of both parties, not only the sentiment
expressed by Legislatures against this spolia-
tion of our public domain; but we have the
recommendation of the chief Executive, for
all that it is worth, against this species of
legislation; and for one, sir, with the dis-
tinguished aid of my friend from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman,] lam proud to have been in
the dilatory work of yesterday, and I am ready
to do the like so long as I have strength and
so long as these bills come before Congress,
and in doing so I know I act in tho interest
of all the people irrespective of party.
I thank my friend from Arkansas [Mr.
Hanks] for bis kindness and courtesy.
Mr. HANKS. I yiold to the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] ten minutes.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, I send
to the Clerk's desk to bo road a letter on this
subject from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, which comes from the files of tho
House Committee on Public Lands.
The Clerk read as follows:
General Land Oitick,
Washington, B.C.. Februarv 23, 1872.
Sir; In reply to your oral inquiry of tfio 21st
instant, I express tho opinion that, by tho terms of
the grant to tho Northern l'aciflo ltailroad Com-
pany, that corporation would bo ontitlod to receive
indemnity lands for the lands covered by tho with-
drawal for tho expired grant for tho St. Croix and
Lake Superior railroad of Wisconsin, should Con-
gress revive and renew this latter erant; and if such
indemnity oould not be obtained within tho defi-
ciency limits, in the State of Wisconsin, then tho
Northern Pacific company would be ontitlod to
select tho lands within such defioiency limits along
other portions of their lino farther west; always,
howevfer, taking care not to make their selections
Beyond the then constructed portion of thoir road.
I am, sir, very rospoutf'ully,
WILLIS DR0MMOND,
Comntifniianer.
Hon. J. H. Ketch am, House of ficprcscntatives.
Mr. STEVENSON. The House so far lias
proceeded oil an erroneous impression that
the lands given to this road are not given from
the public domain, but from another railroad
company. That letter was on file with the
f,Committee on Public Lands, showing the con-
trary. It was that letter which I sought on three
faifferent occasions to have read or printed,
and I was met by objections to every prop-
osition. I do not impugn the motives of any
one, but I must say that it is most extraordin-
ary that a material official document should
be so persistently suppressed.
Mr. Speaker, this letter shows that we do
not save any lands from the Northern Pacific
railroad by granting them to another railroad.
It is merely a transfer of acres as between the
two companies, and every acre which we give
to this company, which would otherwise go to
the Northern Pacific railroad, will be merely
moving the Northern Pacific claims farther
west to find other acres to make up the
amount to which they are entitled.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. STEVENSON. Not now. The gen-
tleman is not entitled to much favor from me.
This bill does increase the grant of lands to
railroad companies. Gentlemen may say that
the Northern Pacific railroad is driven to lands
of less value. We have heard that theory ad-
vanced time and again. Whenever a railroad
company wants lands they are of no value,
but when you propos# to take the lands from
them, or limit their control of them, then their
lands are as "the apple of the eye." We are
told they are to be given to actual settlers, but
gentlemen forget the timber lands, the most
valuable of all, are not given to actual settlers.
Mr. RUSK. Will the gentleman allow me
a question ?
Mr. STEVENSON. The gentleman can
have his time when I am through.
I know gentlemen say that the timber lands
are of very little worth. Mr. Speaker, our pol-
icy is peculiar. We give these timber lands to
monopolies as worthless, and then make an-
other monopoly in lumber by prohibitive tariff
rates to make the timber lands valuable to
those monopolies. But where are we to stop
in this matter ? The people demand that we
shall stop now. The people are almost unani-
mous on this question of granting away the
public domain. They have instructed us with-
out regard to party. Republicans and Dem-
ocrats, Labor Reform and New Departure,
Liberal Republican and all, favor this plat-
form, and seek to save the public lands. No
party can get off that platform, no party, not
even the Democratic party, can burrow below
it. No reformer can overleap it.
Sir, we have given away the public domain
until, as shown by this map, [exhibiting a
map,] in many parts of the Union the land
grants to railroads cover the faces of the
States. Look at the map of Iowa, for in-
stance. It is all stripes without any stars. If
this business goes ou much longer they must
enlarge the map to make room for lines. We
have granted so much of the lands to Iowa and
Minnesota that there is scarcely room left for
settlers to stand on outside tho limits of rail-
way monopolies.
Mr. RUSK. Wisconsin is not shown on
that map.
Mr. STEVENSON. Wehavealreadygranted
lands to Wisconsin covering the general line
upon which the railroad has been builtbetween
the same general points which this road seeks
to reach. All these colored parts [referring
to the map] are grants. And now they pro-
pose to make another grant to another line
running practically to the same points. I know
there is some rivalry between Duluth and Su-
perior City. But whoever goes to Duluth can
easily go thence to Superior City, and whoever
goes to Superior City may as easily pass over
to Duluth. There is probably not twenty miles'
space between the land grants to these two
lines.
We have already made enormous grants of
the public lands. The people in voices of
thunder demand that we shall stop. And if
gentlemen will not stop, in obedience to their
demands, I believe, as I trust, that the people
will at the next opportunity make them stop.
I do not sympathize with those who apologize
for the opinions of their constituents. I have
heard men say, "Oh, my constituents instruct
me; I would rather they had not.'' I believe
that my constituents are right. They do not
need to instruct me; I agree with them, and
we work harmoniously together on this ques-
tion.
What is the condition of this business before
Congress ? There are pending before this Con-
gress, in the two Houses, fifiy-six bills which
upon a careful calculation that has been
made propose to grant away two hundred
million acres more. An area equal—let the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beok] hear
me—to the States of Kentucky, Ohio, Indi-
ana, and Illinois is proposed to be granted by
this Congress. All those great States com-
bined contain an area of less than two hundred
million acres ; and those gentlemen who are
pressing these propositions do not abate their
demands in the least. I can say from my own
knowledge and experience that the Commit-
tee on Public Lands of this House, of which I
am a member, is beset and besieged 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man has expired.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask for a few minutes
more.
Mr. WALLACE. Let the gentleman go on.
Mr. HANKS. I will yield to the gentleman
further to complete his remarks.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Committee on
Public Lands is beset and besieged by those
urging these grants. Our time is taken up
daily and weekly in hearing arguments from
monopolists and their attorneys, who talk to
us by the hour in favor of the extension of
their grants, for relief from all conditions
which in any way limit their powers, and for
the making of new grants, and when these
monopolists are not in our committee-room
they are at our door, and if the door be left
ajar they overhear our consultations. And
while this is the condition of business, pressed
upon us by monopolists, we have bill after bill
and petition after petition from settlers in the
great West, and from soldiers and people all
over the country; the settlers asking relief
against these very _ monopolies; the people
and tho soldiers asking that the public domain
be reserved for them. We have no time to
hear settler, citizen, or soldier. The House
has no time to hear them. But bills come
over from tho Senate and are piled upon the
Speaker's table, and are taken up in an irreg-
ular manner and crowded through this House
under whip and spur, repressing debate and
rejecting amendments without adequate argu-
ment, even suppressing official documents.
I for one am bound to my constituents, a3
by my well-settled opinions, to stand in the
way of this movement, to stay here in my
place and to let no other duty draw me away
from it until this tide of monopoly be checked.
Mr. HANKS. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Hay] for five minutes.
Mr. HAY. I feel, like the honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson,] that it
is the duty of every Representative upon
this floor to signalize his opposition in the
most emphatic manner to this robbery of the
national domain, as it has been aptly termed.
I would not care about tho fate of this bill,
probably, if I felt sure that this was the only
land-grant bill that would come before and
pass this Congress. But I am credibly in-
formed that there are bills now pending in both
branches of this Congress proposing to give
away of the people's sacred heritage, as the
President of this Government characterized it
in his late message to Congress, over two hun-
dred million acres, equal to four or five of the
largest States carved out of the Northwest
Territory. And this thing is repeated session
after session of Congress, and we hear no
protest; we do not know how many bills are
to follow this one, in which combinations
among the Representatives from different parts
of the country will be made in order to force
them through Congress.
This is a question which addresses itself not
only to every Republican, but to every Repre-
sentative irrespective of party organization.
Here is a large class of worthy and deserving
people, those who served as soldiers during
