8096
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
posed they shall be paid what was deducted
from their pay. And this my colleague says
the Government ought not to do, because, as
the law was not executed in those particular
places before the President issued his procla
mation, we are not bound to do it now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH rose.
Mr. HAWLEY. I object to being inter-
rupted. He has had ten minutes, and I have
but five. Here is the law, arid here is the
President's proclamation construing the law.
There is no dispute since the publication of
that proclamation these men have been receiv-
ing a day's wages for eight hours' work. I
reply to him that at all of these public works,
since the issue of that proclamation, the
money has been paid in pursuance of the law.
No man has questioned the right or the legal-
ity of the payment. Now, then, I ask, how
can this House, or how can Congress refuse
to pay this sum as a deficiency? It is a defi-
ciency which ought long since to have been
paid. The only point now made is that it
shall not be paid because it was not paid
at the time it was due.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to set right one or two matters which I do not
think are quite understood by the House, and
which certainly cannot be correctly under-
stood from the statement of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Faknswokth.] It has
been said that these workmen were not bound
to stay; that they could leave if they did not
choose to work eight hours; that they were
not under any obligation to stay for a moment.
To that allegation I desire the attention of
the House. Allow me to say here in passing
• that there are no public works in my district;
that there are no men working in the public
employment there; so that, personally, I as a
Representative of my district have no inter-
est in the matter. But 1 wish to say that these
men were generally, so far as I know, men of
families. They had moved their families into
the towns and into the vicinity of the works
where they were employed; and they were
living there with their families. In the case
of the Springfield armory, they were on a mili-
tary reservation. They were living in houses
which they were renting. They could not
move; they could not leave; it was starva-
tion lor them to leave. They were tied down
to those places as it were by the hair of their
heads. Everything held them there. Their
churches were there; their school-houses were
there ; their associations were there. Every-
thing kept them there.
It is just the old argument which I heard
years ago about the workmen iu our mills
when their wages were cut down. It was said,
" If they do not like it, let them leave ; if they
do not like the cutting down of their wages,
they can go."_ I have lived, Mr. Speaker, in
a manufacturing town for many years, and I
know that they cannot go any more than gen-
tlemen on this floor can move, nor so well;
for they have all the tics we have, and perhaps
not all the means to move that we have.
_ Here, then, is a great injustice done, an
injustice in this, that the law gave them one
price, antI a misconstruction of the law gave
them another; and it is always an injustice to
men when the law is not fulfilled and executed
in their regard. I appeal to the justice of the
House on behalf of these men. I have heard
many things said about the necessity of the
officers of the Government obeying the law.
They have not obeyed the law in this instance;
and when they have disobeyed the law, and
disobeyed it to the disadvantage of the work-
men, I ask any man whether he will stand up
here and say he will not execute the law in
behalf of the workingman?
This is wholly irrespective of the question
whether the workman had an easy or a hard
time of it. He had such a time as the law
chose to give him ; and it was because of a
mistake in a construction of the law that his
money was taken from him. Such a mistake
took from the men in the South a very consid-
erable quantity of their property after the
declaration of peace, and I see many gentle-
men here who are willing to come forward
and say that it is right that that property
should be returned to those men. And so in
this instance, 1 say if there was a mistake in
the construction of the law, by which any-
thing that is due to these workmen has been
taken from them, let us see to it, as law-abid-
ing men, that the law is executed, and all the
more that it is executed on behalf of the lowly
workingman, who has not the opportunity to
defend himself.
Mr. L. MYERS. I desire to call attention
to what the gentleman Irom Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] proposes here. We have a law
passed June 25,1868, declaring that eight hours
shall constitute a day's work for all laborers,
workmen, and mechanics now employed or
hereafter to be employed by or on behalf of
the Government ot the United States. Now,
does that law still stand on our statute-book,
or has it been repealed? It is there now, and
the gentleman frori Illinois proposes, because
he is opposed to the law, (as all his arguments
have shown,) to repeal it by indirection. He
proposes coolly to the House to nullify what
we have solemnly enacted into an obligation.
What was the effect of the act? It was to re-
duce the hours of labor and to establish a new
principle for the workmen in the Government
employ. It meant but a trial of a new system
to see whether the workingman could not pro-
duce and be of as much benefit to the Govern-
ment by not crushing him out. We could not
do this thing for the workshops outside. We
tried it for the men employed by the Govern-
ment, and it is the law to-day ; but if it be
what the gentleman supposes it to be, then it
should have been entitled "An act to reduce
the wages of American workmen employed by
the Government of the United States." Now,
the gentleman from Illinois has a logical mind,
and comes to legal conclusions when he wauts
to do so, and he must see the force of that
argument. When we enacted a law that men
in the Government employ should be employed
but eight hours a day, we meant that they
should be paid for a day's work; and if a
joiner had made three dollars by a day's work,
we said that for only eight hours' work he
should be paid that much.
Well, these men have not been paid in con-
sequence ot a misconstruction of that law
which lasted over a year, and we now ask,
whether the law was correct or not, that it
shall be tarried out by the payment of these
men. If you want to repeal the law, intro-
duce a bill for that purpose; that would be
far more satisfactory to the country, and gen-
tlemen are always talking about the " country "
in their arguments here. But while the law
remains upon the statute-book do not expect
me to vole here to nullify it.
Mr. IARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him one question?
Mr. L. MYERS. The gentleman occupied
twenty-live minutes for five minutes—the long-
est time I ever knew consumed in five minutes,
even when that gentleman was on the floor.
This is a proposition to reduce the wages
of these men, and is repudiation at that. The
gentleman's colleague from Illinois [Mr. Haw-
lestJ well said, and I cannot do better
than repeat it if the House will hear me, that
if the gentleman's view is correct, then ever
since the President's proclamation we have
been paying so much more than we ought
to have paid them. Now, no man wno has
looked carefully at this subject can come to
any other conclusion in this matter, if he wants
to see justice done, except the gentleman from
Illinois, who has a hobby on this subject, but,
that the law should t>e carried out in its letter
and m its substance. The proviso which the
gentleman advocates is as follows:
Provided, That no part of the money hereby ap-
propriated shall be paid to any mechanics or labor-
ers who have already been paid for eight hoars'
labor four fifths as much as the amount which was
paid to like laborers and mechanics for ten hours'
labor.
The gentleman's difficulty lies in the fact
that this proviso was not placed in the original
act. Not being there, it is too late for him to
place a construction onthelaw which the very
amendment he offers proves to be an unjust
one.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have only a
word to say upon this subject. The Commit-
tee on Appropriations have instructed me to
recommend a concurrence in the amendment
of the Senate. I do this, not as approving
the original law, but to carry out the obliga-
tions of the Government. My recollection is
i hat the law was passed in a great hurry, and
with very little debate. 1 do not myself be-
lieve that Congress intended that a man should
be paid the same amount for eight hours' work
as a man who worked ten hours. I believe
they meant to indicate that eight hours should
be a standard day's work in the navy-yards
and other public works, and that we were to
pay for the work in accordance with the pay
to those engaged in the same labor outside.
I believe the construction put upon the law
has worked a great deal of injustice, and has
created great discontent among workmen gen-
erally. It has elevated the position of work-
men for the Government to specific privileges
over ordinary workmen outside. In that re-
spect it is a wrong to the great body of Amer-
ican laboring men, but it is the law, and we
can do nothing less than make appropriations
in accordance with the law as it has been con-
strued. This is the rate of pay fixed by the
construction of the law in the President's
proclamation, and I can see no justice or
equity in not paying these men for past ser-
vices the same amount that they and their
fellows and associates are paid now for the
same work. I hope, therefore, we shall eon-
cur in the amendment of the Senate, and upon
it I now ask the previous question.
Mr. HOAR. I hope the gentleman will
allow others to be heard.
Mr. AMBLER. Is not debate exhausted
on this amendment?
The SPEAKER. It was exhausted long
since.
Mr._ AMBLER. I object to any debate but
what is in order.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I move that the
House now adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope not.
Let us sit a few minutes longer.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. Well, I will let
the vote be taken on this amendment.
The SPEAKER. The question is on second-
ing the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is that in order?
The SPEAKER. Certainly; why not?
. Mr. FARNSWORTH. The House are con-
sidering these amendments as in Committee
of the Whole.
I he SPEAKER. Which means under the
five-minutes rule as to debate.
Mr. EARNSWORIH. I suppose the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] by calling
the previous question means only to close
debate.
The SPEAKER. Even if that were so, it
would have the effect of the previous question,
by bringing the House to a vote.
Ihe previous question was then seconded,
upon a division—ayes ninety, noes not counted.
The main question was then ordered, which
was upon concurring in the Senate amend-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If the vote is taken
on concurring in the Senate amendment, and
the House shall concur, will it then be in order
to move an amendment to the House proposi-
tion ?
Ihe SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I desire to
