1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
357
42d Cong 2d Sess.
Duty on Salt—Mr. Duett.
Ho. of Reps.
to which the American people have attained by tho
recent revolution has given them loftior views and
wider sympathies, and has furnished the means of
education for the negro which will supply the transi-
tion process from his low estate to a more intelligent
and respectable position. Respect for the negro is
becoming more and more, in the progress of events
in America, the happy distinction of our age. The
negro is being taught to respect himself, and soon
he will think it no honor to minsle his blood with
that of the Caucasian, Indian, or Mongolian."
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I caused
that letter to be read because I thought it well
and apt that on such a theme a representative
man of the negro race should speak, and speak
to those of his own color in this community,
and because, perhaps, I thought there might be
an influence derived from such a source that
would not be given to the enunciation of a
white man by those whose peculiar views and
overshadowing prejudices lead them to what I
consider a violation of natural laws. The let-
ter is to be found in the Smithsonian report
for 1870 at page 386. The writer is a pure
negro, a professor in Liberia College, and it is
addressed to a member of the board of direct-
ors of the American Colonization Society.
To repeat the orientalism which he has
used, facts are God's arguments, and there is
no fact in relation to this subject more proven
by experience than that although you may
quicken the mental powers by this fusion of
the races, you diminish the moral power and
tone, and equally the physical. If there be
a hope for the advancement of the African
decendants in this country into the ranks
of other people, that they may become rec-
ognized as a race capable of the strains that
civilization brings upon men, and of self-
government to maintain themselves in the
ranks of other peoples, it is to be found in the
experiment of their colony at Liberia. There
there is no advantage except in their favor.
There all places of State and control are ex-
clusively theirs. The white man is not per-
mitted to go there. He is not permitted to
own property, and he is not permitted, as in
other places we know of, to cater for their
votes for his own advantage, or to use them
to plunder others.
This man, who seems a good specimen
of his race, or he could not have written
the letter which has just been read to the
Senate, deplores the fact that by this fusion
of races you have created an ineradicable
weakness, which prevents them from attain-
ing that age in which the mental powers have
sufficiently grown to be of use. By this fusion
or amalgamation you may have quickened
their mental power, but you also destroy their
physical health, so that death supervenes at
the very moment that usefulness becomes pos-
sible. This was his contribution of the facts
occurring now in the very day in which we
live, which he was thoroughly competent to
make from his experience, which he could
make with weight, because of his interest. He
was filled with the desire for the advancement
of his people, and was filled with a sense of
their highest interest, and being so inspired, he
was indoctrinated, and tells you that the viola-
tion of this natural law by the amalgamation
of the races is followed by death.
There are other phases of this question in
which it is to be viewed unhappy and an-
pleasant, fit rather for scientific dissertation
than for senatorial debate ; not adapted, per-
haps, for public discussion, ethical questions,
physiological questions, moral questions; but
all of them have but one end and point to but
one result, that this amalgamation is forbid-
den by natural law; that the instincts of repul-
sion that keep the races apart, socially and
physically, are the outcroppings of man's
nature, put there by a power which your law,
Senators, may attempt to stay and to thwart,
but in the face of which all human laws will
prove utterly and hopelessly impotent.
Duty on Salt.
SPEECH OF HON. R. H. DUELL,
of new york,
In the House of Representatives,
May 4, 1872.
The House having met for debate as in Committee
1 of the Whole on the state of the Union—
! Mr. DUELL said:
j Mr. Speaker: My object in obtaining the
floor at this time is to present some facts in
relation to the manufacture of salt in the Uni-
ted States, and to show that in the revision
of the tariff domestic salt presents a favorable
claim to the consideration of Congress like
any other industrial interest.
The Committee of Ways and Means in the
bill reported to this House on the 16th of
April last to reduce duties on imports, makes
a reduction in the duty upon salt of nearly
sixty per cent. .In the discussion which has
followed upon the merits of this bill various
opinions have been expressed in relation to
salt. The gentleman from New York city
[Mr. Cox] says that the duty should be struck
off entirely; and another gentleman, the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson,] stated
that the duty ought to be removed, because
the article itself was precisely of that sort
which ought to be placed on the free list.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think it quite probable
that those gentlemen have not acquainted
themselves with the history of that branch of
industry, that they have not acquainted them-
selves with the extent of the production of
salt in the United States and elsewhere, and
the necessity for its protection, if it is desir-
able that it should be produced in this country
at all. If they had done so, I am persuaded
no such propositions would ever have been
made by them with the expectation that they
would be approved by men who intended to
do their duty to the whole nation.
In the first place, if we examine the files of
the House we shall find that the consumers of
salt have not petitioned us to repeal or reduce
the duty upon that article. On the other hand,
the persons who have presented petitions upon
that subject, ask that the present duty shall
not be disturbed, The dairymen, the packers
of pork and other meats, the persons who use
salt for manufacturing purposes are satisfied
that salt is furnished at reasonable prices and
ask for no change. Extraordinary statements
have, however, been put forth by the importers
of foreign salt to prejudice the public mind
against the domestic producers of salt, and to
produce some sudden and violent change in
the duty on that article. They allege that the
duty upon salt is an odious duty; that it is a
very heavy duty, and that the dear people pay
into the hands of the salt monopolists of the
United States $10,000,000 per annum in-
creased cost of salt caused by this outrageous
duty. Now, it so happens, Mr. Speaker, that
the whole quantity produced in the United
States is not more than twenty million bush-
els, and that the price of domestic salt, deduct-
ing the cost of barrel and package, does not
exceed twenty-three cents per bushel. It fol-
lows that these salt monopolists only receive
$4,600,000 for manufacturing all the domestic
salt annually consumed in this country. Thus
it will be seen that the whole people of the
United States pay for the actual manufacture
of American salt consumed by them less than
one half of the sum which foreign importers
assure them that they pay for the mere increase
of cost produced by the tariff alone. This is
but one of the many misrepresentations put
afloat by interested individuals to poison the
public mind on this question.
The statistics show that we consume annu-
ally in the United States about thirty-two
million bushels of salt. Of that quantity
twenty million bushels are produced in this
country and about twelve millions are im-
ported from foreign countries. The salt which
we import is brought here from Liverpool,
from Cadiz, Lisbon, and other ports on tho
Mediterranean, from the West Indies, and
from Goderich in Canada. From the Med-
iterranean and the West Indies we obtain the
evaporated coarse salt only, and from Liver-
pool and Goderich what is termed fine salt.
The expense of manufacturing salt in foreign
countries is very far below the cost of produ-
cing it here, and it is utterly impossible for the
American producer to compete with the foreign
producer of this article who has the advantage
of cheap labor and cheap fuel. For instance,
the price at Liverpool is eight cents per meas-
ured bushel for common salt, and from twenty-
two to twenty-four cents per bushel for the
better quality known as the Ashton salt. Salt
imported from the ports of the Mediterranean
can be purchased at the port of delivery for
six cents per bushel. It is frequently brought
to this country as ballast, or at a merely nom-
inal charge as freight. It isi, of course, an
inferior article, and is used to some extent as a
fertilizer. West India salt costs from seven to
eleven cents per bushel at the port of delivery.
No extensive erections are needed in the man-
ufacture of salt upon the Mediterranean and.
in the West Indies. Salt is produced there by
solar evaporation from sea water, which ia
conducted from the sea into holes dug in the
sand upon the shores. At Liverpool, however,
it is made by sinking wells, pumping brine, and
boiling in salt-kettles, as in this country.
I have referred to the cost of salt in foreign
countries. I have before me an affidavit made
by Mr. Barker, the secretary of the salt com-
pany of Onondaga, in which the actual cost of
manufacturing salt at Syracuse is set forth by
items. He gives as the actual cost of man-
ufacturing a barrel of salt of two hundred and
eighty pounds, or five bushels, the following :
interest on capital per barrel, twenty-six cents ;
fuel and labor, seventy-five cents; empty bar-
rel, forty cents; packing and nails, five cents ;
taxes and incidentals, ten cents; State duty,
five cents ; making the total cost per barrel at
the works, $1 61.
Mr. STEVENSON. In that statement doea
the interest on the capital invested make one
item of the cost of salt ?
Mr. DUELL. It does. The interest on cap-
ital is stated at twenty-six cents on each bar-
rel of salt.
Mr. STEVENSON. Is the amount of cap-
ital stated ?
Mr. DUELL. It is. Mr. Barker says that
the capital invested in the manufacture of sait
in and near Syracuse (including the erections
of salt-works) is in round numbers about six
million dollars. In this estimate it is stated
that the company have a cash capital of
$1,250,000, every dollar of which has been
paid in ; that this capital being inadequate for
the business, the manufacturers are compelled
to borrow constantly from five hundred thou-
sand to one million dollars.
Mr. STEVENSON. Does it appear in that
statement what the amount of capital origin-
ally invested there was ?
Mr. DUELL. It may not appear in this
affidavit of Mr. Barker; but I will state for
the information of the gentleman from Ohio
that the original capital stock of this company
was $160,000. The company was organized in
1860, and was to continue ten years from that
time. In a year or two afterward the com-
pany required more capital, and the stock was
increased to $320,000. The capital being still
inadequate for the business, it was increased
to $1,260,000, every dollar of which was paid
in, and it has stood at that figure until the dis-
solution of the company.
