1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1305
the late war, numbering nearly one million,
who want to know why the Congress of the
United States cannot afford them land war-
rants which they may locate upon any por-
tion of our national domain. They say to
us, " You can give this land to rich railroad
corporations, why can you not give it to us?"
The Republican party will be held responsible
for every foot of land that is conceded by acts
of Congress. We have a majority on this floor,
and we will have to take the responsibility for
this legislation. It makes no difference how
powerful may be the influences formed by local
combinations; we are in a majority here, and
we must and will be held responsible for legis-
lation, although many of our opponents may
vote here for these measures.
Sir, I am opposed to this bill. On this sub-
ject I concur with the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cox,] toward whom I have no un-
kind feeling ; my only reason for objection to
his proceeding further was, that as he had
had ten minutes in which to express himself,
I thought it well enough that others should be
allowed the same privilege. This bill has
been defeated twice during the Forty-First Con-
gress. after a full and fair discussion, I hold
that if full and fair discussion be allowed now
upon the merits of the bill, it will be again
defeated by the people's Representatives. This
is an old grant which was made upon express
conditions. The company to which the grant
was made failed to comply with the conditions
of the grant; the land reverted to the United
States ; and it is very ungracious for the Rep-
resentatives of the State of Wisconsin to
come here and ask that this grant shall be
renewed. The settlers along the line where
this road is proposed to be run remonstrate
and protest against the passage of this bill.
These settlers are willing to leave the ques-
tion of the construction of this road to be de-
termined in the future by private capital and
private enterprise. The honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] tells us that
this is to be an important line of railroad,
and that it ought to be built at once. Sir, I
say in answer to his argument that if this is to
be an important line of railroad communi-
cation, then we should let private capital and
private enterprise build it, as they will be sure
to do. If this road is demanded by the neces-
sities of trade, commerce, settlement, &c., then
it is to iny mind clear that it should not be
built upon the bounty of the public. This is
another reason why I am opposed to the project.
One other remark I wish to make. Gen-
tlemen from Wisconsin plead that this grant
should be made in justice to their State. I
undertake to say, as the figures will prove,
that the single State of Wisconsin has had
more land concessions for the purpose of
building railroads than her great sisters of
the Northwest—Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois;
and she is the last State in the Union that ought
to come here asking a further grant of the
public lands to build a railroad upon one of
the most important lines of travel, trade, and
commerce in the country.
Sir, this bill has nothing to stand upon. It
was before the last Congress; it has been re-
peatedly considered, and after fair discussion
it has been emphatically voted down. I hope
that the question will now come before this
Congress squarely upon principle. I want
every man on this floor to record his vote
"ay" or "no" upon the question whether
this policy of grants of the public land for
railroadsshall cease or not. It is time that a
final decision upon this question should be
announced to the American people. It has
been well said here that in no convention in
any portion of the country do the American
people meet together without making explicit
and emphatic declarations against the contin-
uance of this policy. It is a robbery of the
great mass of the landless people of the
country.
Do gentlemen know that but four or five
hundred million acres of arable land yet remain
open for settlement; that with our growing
population, in one short generation, the last
of the arable land yet remaining of our public
domain will be settled ? I beg Representatives
of the people to bear these things in mind
when they come to act upon this question
affecting most vitally the interests of their
constituents.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. HANKS. I yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Speer] five minutes.
Mr. SPBER, of Pennsylvania. The manner
in which the friends of this measure yesterday
attempted to force it through the House, made
the impression upon me, and I think upon the
minds of several other members on this side,
that the bill itself was without merit. No fair,
honest, and just measure should be afraid of
the light of impartial discussion ; and no bill,
Mr. Speaker, proposing to take from the
national domain some two or two and a half
million acres of land without compensation,
for the benefit of a railroad company, should
be passed.
Mr. RUSK. Will the gentleman yield to
me a moment.
Mr. SPBBR, of Pennsylvania. I decline to
yield, and I think the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Rusk] is the last person who should
ask that. I was saying that no bill that pro-
posed to take from the national domain be-
tween two and three million acres of the pub-
lic lands, should be forced through this House
by gentlemen claiming to represent the people
without the voice of the people being heard;
for if there is one question upon which the
public mind of this nation, of all parlies, of
all classes is settled, it is upon this question
of the robbery of the public domain by cor-
porations and monopolies. The laboring classes
of this country have suffered it, and have suf-
fered it in silcnce, until their silence longer
would be a crime.
To whom do these lands belong? By whose
valor and patriotism and services have they
been purchased and saved for the country?
Whose brave arms have won for us these
broad acrcs, and to whom do they in justice
and in fairness and in honor to-day belong?
Is it to these corporations and to these mo-
nopolies who for selfish and speculative pur-
poses, from year to year, throng the lobbies
of Congress; who have their paid and pen-
sioned agents here from month to month and
from year to year ? Or is it to the gallant
men who have become crippled in the service
of the country, who to the music of the Union
have marched from one battle-field to another,
and who to-day lift up their patriotic voices
and plead with us to save to them and to the
widows and orphans of those who have fallen
a home in which to live, and a grave in which
to be buried?
Mr. Speaker, Congress within the last ten
years has given to corporations and monopo-
lies about two hundred million acres of the
public lands, and I understand that there are
bills now pending-for the giving away of two
hundred millions more. When and where is
this legislation to stop ? Shall it go on until
every foot of our soil is absorbed ? Shall it go
on until these gigantic monopolies stretching
out their arms and their purses from ocean to
ocean, from the North to the Gulf, shall con-
trol not only the legislation of the country, but
own the soil of the country too? I say, Mr.
Speaker, that if the platforms of parties mean
anything, if the voice of the honest masses of
the country is to be heard and to be heeded
here by their Representatives, it is time now
and in this bill for the members of this House
to put their emphatic condemnation upon this
class and this system of legislation, to rebuke
the attempt made yesterday to pass this bill
through the House without permitting a word
to be said by those opposed to it, and to say to
these friends of monopoly that the poor men
of the land shall at least be heard here: that
the common property of the people shall not
be squandered away, that homes and home-
steads for the soldiers of the land shall be pre-
served, and that these parties, who profess to
be the friends of the poor and the fatherless,
the friends of the soldier and his widow, shall
prove their friendship by something more sub-
stantial than honeyed professions.
I call the attention of the people of this
country to-day to the action of their Repre-
sentatives on this floor, and I ask them to
judge them here and now, not by their profes-
sions, but by their works. By your fruits, gen-
tlemen of the House, the people will know
you. Are you for or against monopolies ?
Are you for homes for the homeless, or for
squandering still further the common inher-
itance of the people among soulless corpora-
tions ?
Mr. BANKS. We understand that.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HANKS. I yield the remainder of my
time to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holman.J
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ark-
ansas [Mr. Hanks] has sixteen minutes of
his time remaining.
Mr. HOLMAN. The general features of
the question involved in this bill are too well
understood to require discussion. I desire to
call the attention of my friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] to the facts in regard to his state-
ment made yesterday, in which he sought to
make the Democratic party on this floor re-
sponsible for the passage of this class of bills.
The gentleman had an unquestionable right to
vote for this measure. He could have dofte
so without casting upon the Democratic party
as represented in Congress the odium of this
species of legislation.
The gentleman stated that but eight Dem-
ocratic votes were cast against the bill whieh
passed in April, 1808, extending the act for
the construction of the Northern Pacific rail-
road bill. Sir, I hold in my hand the rec-
ord of that vote, from which I find that it
is true that there were but eight Democratic
votes, including my own, east in the negative,
but there were only sixteen votes, including
that of the gentleman from Kentucky, in tho
affirmative. There were ninety-six votes for the
bill. But sixteen out of the ninety-six votes
were cast by Democrats, and eighty by Repub-
licans ; there were but few Democrats on
the floor at that time, not enough to affect in
any degree the action of the House. Gentle-
men who favored this kind of legislation ought
not to seek to involve others in this land mo-
nopolizing business. I repeat, there were but
sixteen Democratic votes in favor of that act.
I address myself during the few moments I
have to the main question involved. Upon
this question of land grants the House in the
last Congress was solemnly committed, and I
think the gentleman from Kentucky will hardly
say he did not in March, 1870, vote for the
resolution which declared the sentiment of
Congress and of the country upon tho subject
of land grants. I ask the Clerk to read the
resolution unanimously adopted by the House
on my motion.
The Clerk read as follows:
"By Mr.Hoi.man:
"ltesolved. That in the judgment of this House the
policy of granting subsidies in publio lands to rail-
roads and other corporations ought to be discontin-
ued, and that every consideration of publio policy
and equal justice to the whole people requires that
the publio lands of the United States should be held
for the exclusive purpose of securing homesteads to
actual settlers under the homestead and preemption
laws, subject to reasonable appropriations of such
lands for the purposes of education."
Mr. HOLMAN. That resolution received
in March, 1870, the united vote of both sides
of the House, and in 1870, in a document
published at this Capitol_ by the chairman of
the congressional committee of the Repub-
lican party as a campaign document, that reso-
lution was referred to as defining the policy of
the Republican party in relation to the public
