1872.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3097
, move an amendment before the vote is taken
" upon concurring.
• The SPEAKER. That is not in order,
pending the operation of the previous ques-
tion.
. Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understood the
_ Chair to say that the previous question only
cut off debate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could not
have so understood the Chair.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I inquired of the
Chair if the previous question would not cut
off debate.
The SPEAKER. The previous question
operates to cat off debate and amendments,
as it would in any other case.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would have moved
an amend meut before the previous question
was seconded, if I had not supposed that after
it was ordered we could move amendments,
without debate, as we do in Committee of the
Whole after debate has been closed. I wish
to move an amendment to pay twenty per
cent, additional to men who worked ten hours
a day.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain
a motion by the gentleman to reconsider the
vote ordering the main question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farxsworth] has
been mistaken in this matter, I will ask unani-
mous consent that he be allowed to move his
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair usually finds
the gentleman from Illinois one of the best
posted members in this House upon par-
liamentaiy law. How he can have the right
to offeran amendment after the previous ques-
tion has been seconded and the main question
ordered the Chair cannot comprehend.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Because the order,
of the House was that these Senate amend-
ments should be considered as in Committee
of the Whole. Now, in Committee of the
Whole when debate is closed, as has been
done now, that does not cut off amendments
without debate.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection
the Chair will entertain the amendment of
the gentleman.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am satisfied
fhe gentleman from Illinois misunderstood
the ruling of the Chair.
Mr. HOAR. If the Chair entertains the
amendment under these circumstances it will
deprive members of the privilege of debating
it. Now, I make the point that members
ought not to be deprived of that privilege
because of his misunderstanding.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can only cor-
rect an obvious misunderstanding—a conse-
quential one he will not take into considera-
tion. Thegentleman from Illinoisaeted under
a misunderstanding which he says he derived
from the ruling of the Chair. The Chair will
endeavor to correct his misunderstanding, as
far as that gentleman is concernsd, by enter-
taining his amendment.
Mr. HOAR. Will the Chair entertain de-
bate upon the gentleman's amendment?
The SPEAKER. He will not.
The amendment of Mr. Farnsworth was
read: to insert, after the words reduction of
wages " in the Senate amendment, the follow-
ing:
And shall also pay those who worked ten hours j
as a day's labor, twenty per cent, in addition to the j
sum they have already received. j
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order, i
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state it.
Mr. HOAR. Has the previous question
been ordered on this amendment?
The SPEAKER. It has. The previous
question operates upon it the same as if it had ;
been pending when the previous question was |
called.
Mr. HOAR. The Chair states that this
amendment is not offered by unanimous con-
sent, but is entertained in order to correct a
misunderstanding.
1 he SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. HOAR. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Illinois did not offer, this
amendment before the previous question was
called 
The SPEAKER. He states that he did not
do so because he misunderstood the ruling of
the Chair.
Mr. HOAR. Permit me to complete my
statement.
But as he understood it would be ad-
mitted after the main question was ordered,
he is now permitted to offer it. Now, there
should be some debate allowed on it, or the
other members of the House will be deprived
of what should be their privilege of debate.
The SPEAKER. The House is not de-
prived of any great privilege, for the rule
would confine debate to one member for and
one against the proposition.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Chair will
allow me to say that this very amendment has
already been fully debated. Gentlemen have
pretty clearly indicated what they want to do.
Mr. HOAR. If the decision of the Chair
corresponds with his sense of justice, I have
nothing more to say.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is fully sus-
tained by his own sense of justice. He al-
lowed the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns
worth] to offer his amendment, because that
gentleman stated that he had misunderstood
what the Chair said. The Chair has uni-
formly ruled that a gentleman who is led into
a misapprehension by any statement of the
Chair is entitled to an opportunity to correct
that misapprehension. The gentleman from
Massachusetts is deprived of no right by the
ruling of the Chair. It does not follow at all
that if the amendment had been open to
debate, the gentlemen from Massachusetts
would have been entitled to the floor to reply.
Mr. HOAR, if that amendment had been
pending, I should have voted against sustain-
ing the previous question. That is the difficulty.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will a,Uow the
gentleman from Massachusetts to move to re-
consider the vote by which the main question
was ordered. That will enable him to correct
his misunderstanding. [Apause.] Thegen-
tleman declines to avail himself of the oppor-
tunity.
Mr. HAWLEY. Let the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois be again read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the sixtieth amendment of the Senate 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The sixtieth
amendment has been voted upon.
The SPEAKER. That is the fact. The
pending amendment is the sixty-first. The
gentleman from Illinois cannot move to amend
the sixtieth amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I move the
proposition as an amendment to the sixty-first
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Add to the sixty-first amendment of the Senate
the following:
And shall also pay those who worked ten hours
as a day's work twenty per cent, in addition to the
sum they have already received.
The question being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Farxsworth,
The SPEAKER said: the noes appear to
have it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment of Mr. Farnswobth was
not agreed to.
The question then recurred on non-coneur-
riug in the sixty-first amendment of the Sen-
ate, which proposed to strike out the follow-
ing :
Provided, That no part of the money hereby ap-
propriated shall be paid to any mechanics or laborers
who have already been paid for eight hour's labor
four fifths as much as the amount which was paid
to like laborers and mechanics for ten hours' labor.
The question being taken on concurring m
the Senate amendment, there were—ayes 78,
noes 59.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and forty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
■The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. ACKER: The memorial of the heirs
of John McKnight, deceased, asking a consid-
eration of the French spoilation claims.
By Mr. ARTHUR: The petition of Jed 0.
Blackerly, Samuel Murphy, Jonathan Hedge-
cock, Samuel McClannahan, and 46 other
citizens, growers and dealers in leaf tobacco,
of Bracken county. Kentucky, protesting
against any advance whatever in the present
tax on smoking tobacco, &c.
By Mr. BANKS: The petition of George
Catlin, asking the passage of a bill making
an appropriation for the purchase of a collec-
tion of Indian portraits and Indian manufac-
tures which have been created and collected
by him during forty years of bard labor, ac-
companied by certificates of Mr. Poinsett,
formerly Secretary of War, Mr. Schoolcraft,
numerous Indian agents of the United States,
Lewis Cass, Daniel Webster, and other emi-
nent citizens of the United States, recom-
mending the preservaiion of this collection of
Indian portraits and manufactures as giving
the most complete record of the various In-
dian tribes which have heretofore occupied
the United States that can now be obtained.
By Mr. BECK: The petition of John M.
Wallace, of Fayette county, Kentucky, pray-
ing for a patent for a tract of land m Missouri
in lieu of a patent destroyed by fire in the land
office at Warsaw, Missouri.
Bv Mr. BURCHARD: The memorial of
William H. Campbell and others, for remuner-
ation for French spoliations.
By Mr. COBURN : The petition of soldiers
of South Hadley Falls, Massachusetts; Wil-
mington, Delaware; Mount Carmel, Pennsyl-
vania, and Frankfort, Kentucky, asking a law
providing forindustrial homes for soldiers' and
sailors' orphans.
By Mr. COGHLAN: The petition of J. E.
Wyman and 200 others, praying that a bounty
be granted to the first battalion mountaineers,
California volunteers.
By Mr. CROSSLAND : The petition of
David B. Powers.
By Mr. DUKE: The petition of Samuel D.
Burrbough, of the city of Lynchburg, Vir-
ginia, for the removal of his legal and polit-
ical disabilities.
By Mr. GOODRICH: The petition of John
H. Selkreg and others, citizens of Tompkins
county, New York, for the relief sought in the
bill introduced by Senator Logak to the Sen-
ate on the 8th of May instant.
Also, the petition of Lewis Sherwood for a
pension.
By Mr. HALSEY: The petition of Mrs.
Anna M. Orne, of New Brunswick, New Jer-
sey, asking pay for property destroyed by the
Army at Memphis, Tennessee, during the late
war.
By Mr. KERR: The affidavit of Jesse Gil-
more, in the matter of the application of Henry
0. Monroe for a pension as a soldier under the
war of 1812.
By Mr. McCLELLAND : The petition of
