1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8993
vided,) a stamp denoting the amount of the tax
required upon such fermented liquor, in such a
way that the said stamp or stamps will be destroyed
upon the withdrawal of the liquor from such hogs-
head, barrel, keg, or other vessel, or upon the intro-
duction of a faucet or other instrument for that pur-
pose; and shall also, at the time of affixing such
stamp or stamps as aforesaid, cancel the same by
writing,or imprinting thereon the name of the per-
son, firm, or corporation by whom such liquor may
have been made, or the initial letters thereof, and
the date when canceled. Every brewer who shall
refuse or neglect to affix and cancel the stamp or
stamps required by law m the manner aforesaid, or
who shall affix a false or fraudulent stamp thereto,
or knowingly permit the same to be done, shall be
liable to pay a penalty of 8100 for each barrel or
package on which such omission or fraud occurs,
and shall be liable to imprisonment for not more
than ODe year.
Sec. —. That any brewer, cartman, agent for trans-
portation, or other person who shall sell, remove,
receive, or purchase, or m any way aid m the sale,
removal, receipt, or purchase, of any fermented
liquor contained in any hogshead, barrel, keg, or
other vessel from any brewery or brewery ware-
house, upon which the stamp or permit m case of
removal required by law ehajl not have been affixed,
or on which a false or fraudulent stamp or permit, in
case of removal, is affixed, with knowledge that it
is such, or on which a stamp or permit, in case of
removal, once canceled,is used a second time; and
any retail dealer or other person who shall with-
draw or aid in the withdrawal of any fermented
liquor from any hogshead, barrel, keg, or other ves-
sel containing the same, without destroying or de-
facing the stamp affixed upon the same, or shall
withdraw or aid in the withdrawal of any fermented
liquor from any hogshead, barrel, keg, or other ves-
sel, upon which the proper stamp shall not have
been affixed, or on which hfalse or fraudulent stamp
is affixed, shall be liable to a line of $100, and to im-
prisonment for not more than one year. Every per-
son who shall make, sell, or use any false or coun-
terfeit stamp, or permit, or die tor printing or making
stamps or permits which shall be in imitation of, or
purport to be a lawful stamp, permit, or die of the
kind before mentioned, or who shall procure the
same to be done, shall be impiisoned for nut less
than one nor more than five years: Provided, That
every brewer who sells fermented liquor at retail at
the brewery or other place where the same is made,
shall affix and cancel the proper stamp or stamps
upon the hogsheads, barrels, kegs, or other vessels
in which the same is contained, and shall keep an
account of the quantity so sold by him, and of the
number,and size of the hogsheads, barrel?, kegs, or
other ves&els in which the same has been contained,
and shall make a report thereof, verified by oath,
monthly, to the assessor, and lorward a duplicate
of the same to the collector of the district: And
provided further. That brewers may remove or
transporter cause to be removed or transported,
malt liquor of their own manufacture, known as
lager beer, in quantities of not less than six barrels
in one vessel, and may also remove or transport, or
cause to be removed or transported, malt liquors
known as ale or porter, or any other malt liquor not
heretofore mentioned, in quantities not less than
fifty barrels at a time, from their breweries or other
places of manufacture, to a depot, warehouse, or
other place used exclusively for storage or sale in
bulk, and occupied by them, from one part of one
collection district to another part of the same col-
lection district, or from one collection district to
another collection district, without affixing the
proper stamp on said vessels of lager beer, ale,
porter, and other malt liquor at the brewery or place
of manufacture, under a permit to be obtained from
the collector of the district, (who is to grant the
same upon application,) wherein said malt liquor is
manufactuied, to said depotor warehouse, but to no
other place, under such rules and regulations as the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue may prescribe,
and thereafter the manufacturer of the malt liquor
so removed shall stamp the samewhen ltleavessueh
depot or warehouse in the same manner and under
the same penalties and liabilities as when stamped
at the brewery as herein provided; and the collector
of the district in which such depot or warehouse is
situated shall furnish the manufacturer with the
stamps lor stamping the same as it the said malt
liquor had been manufactured in his district: And.
provided further, That said permit must be affixed
to each and every such vessel or cask and canceled
and destroyed In such mannei as the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue shall prescribe, and under the
same penalties and liabilities as herein provided as
to stamps: And provided further. That where fer-
mented liquor has become sour or damaged, so as to
be incapable of use as such, brewers may sell the
same lor manufacturing purposes, and may remove
the same to places where it may be used for such
purposes, m casks or other vessels, unlike those
ordinarily used for fermented liquors, containing
respectively not less than one barrel each, and hav-
ing the nature of their contents marked upon them,
without affixing thereon the permit, stamp, or stamps
That every brewer shall by branding mark,
or cause to be marked, upon every hogshead, barrel,
ke«* or other \c«sel coutaining the fermented liquor
made by him, before it is sold or removed from the
brewery, or brewery warehouse, or other place of
manufacture, the name of the person, firm, or cor-
poration by whom such liquor was manufactured,
a nd the place where the same shall have been made.
And any person, other than the owner thereof, or
his agent, authorized so to do, who shall intention-
ally remove or deface such marks therefrom, shall
be liable to a penalty of fifty dollars for each cask
or vessel from which the mark is so removed or de-
faced: Provided, however, That when a brewer shall
purchase fermented liquor finished and ready for
sale from another brewer, in order to supply the cus-
tomers of such purchaser, such purchaser may. upon
written notice to the collector of his intention so to
do, and under such regulations as the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue may prescribe, furnish his own
vessels, branded with his name and the place where
his brewery is located, to be filled with the fer-
mented liquor so purchased, and to be so removed;
the proper stamp or stamps to be affixed and can-
celed as aforesaid, by the manufacturer, before
removal.
Sec. —. That where a brewer shall, by reason of
an accident by fire or flood, or by reason of his brew-
ery undergoing repairs, or other circumstances,
which may, in the opinion of the collector of the
proper district, require or render it proper thatsuch
brewer shall be permitted to conduct his business
wholly or partially at some other place witbin the
same^r adjoining district for a temporary period, it
shall be lawful for such collector, under such regu-
lations and subject to such limitation of time as the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue may prescribe,
to issue a permit to such brewer, authorizing him to
conduct his business, wholly or partially, according
to the circumstances, atsuch other place tor a period
in such permit to be stated, and such brewer shall
not be required to pay another special tax for the
purpose.
Sec. That where malt liquor or tun liquor, in
the first stages of .fermentation, known as unfer-
mented worts, of whatever kind, is sold by one
brewer to another for the purpose of producing fer-
mentation or enlivening old or stale ale, porter,
lager beer, or other fermented liquors, it shall not
be liable to a tax to be paid by the seller thereof,
but the tax on the same shall be paid by the pur-
chaser thereof, when the same, having been mixed
with the old or stale beer, is sold by him as provided
by law, and such sale or transfer shall be subject
to such restrictions and regulations, as the Commis-
sioner of internal Revenue may prescribe.
Sec.—. That the ownership or possession by any
person of any fermented liquor after its sale or re-
moval from brewery or warehouse or other place
where it was made, upon which the tax required
shall not have been paid, shall render the same
liable to seizure wherever found, and to forfeiture,
removal under said permits excepted, and that the
want of a proper stamp or stamps upon any hogs-
head, barrel, keg, or othervessel in which fermented
liquor may be contained after its sale or removal
from the brewery where the same was made, or
warehouse, as aforesaid, shall be notice to all per-
sons that the tax has not been paid thereon, and
shall be prima facie evidence of the non-payment
thereof.
Skc. —. That any person, other than the purchaser
or owner ot any fermented liquor, or person acting
on his behalf, or as his agent, who shall intention-
ally remove or deface the stamp or permit affixed
upon the hogshead, barrel, keg, or other vessel, in
which the same may be contained, shall be liable to
a fine of fifty dollars for each such vessel from which
the stamp or permit is so removed or defaced, and
to render compensation to such purchaser or owner
for all damage sustained by him therefrom.
Sec—. That any person who shall withdraw any
fermented liquor from any hogshead, barrel, keg, or
other vessel upon which the proper stamp or stamps
shall not have been affixed, for the purpose of bot-
tling the same, or who shall cairy on, or attempt to
carry on, the business of bottling fermented liquor
in any brewery or other place in which fermented
liquor is made, or upon any premises having com-
munication with such brewery or any warehouse,
shall be liable to a fine of $500, and the property
used in such bottling or business shall be liable to
forfeiture.
Before the reading of the amendment was
concluded,
Mr. VIOKERS. I withdraw the objection,
and I reserve my right to object until we get
into the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
withdraws his objection and reserves the right
to have the amendment read in the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the bill was resumed, the
amendments reported by the Committee on j
Finance being voted on as they were reached :
in the reading of the bill. _ j
The next amendment of the Committee on !
Finance was in section [seventeen] sixteen, j
lines twenty-three and twenty-four, to strike |
out the words 14 whose annual sales do not j
exceed $10,000;" and after the word " dol- |
lars," in line twenty-five, to strike out the
words "and if their animal sales exceed
§10,000, shall pay, in addition, two dollars for
every thousand dollars in excess of $10,000; "
so as to make the paragraph read ;
That section fifty-nine be amended by striking out
all of paragraphs seven, eight, nine, and ten, and !
inserting in lieu thereof the following, to wit: j
"dealers in leaf tobacco, except retail dealers in I
leaf tobacco, as hereinafter defined, shall each pay
twenty-five dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. After the words "for
sale," in line thirty, on page 56, 1 move to
insert the words "or consigned for sale on
commission."
The amendment was agreed-to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance, was in sectiou [seventeen] sixteen,
from lines seventy-seven to eighty-one, inclu-
sive, to strike out the following proviso:
Provided, That nothing in this section shall be
construed to prevent a farmer or planter from sell-
ing', at the place of production, tobacco of his own
growth and raising at retail directly to consumers,
to an amount not exceeding $100 annually.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I see on page 57 there
has been a mistake in printing. In lines sixty-
three and sixty-four the words "and if their
annual sales exceed $1,000, shall each pay, in
addition thereto, fifty cents for every dollar in
excess of $1,000 of their sales" should be
stricken out. All the taxes on sales are stricken
out, and this is one of them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio moves the amendment he has
indicated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONKL1NG. At some time I .wish to
take the sense of the Senate upon the pro-
vision touching warehouses, and I wantafc this
moment to inquire of the Senator from Ohio
whether it will be convenient to him and
proper to make that question when we reach
page 68, and whether he prefers to have it
made now in Committee of the Whole, or to
wait until we reach the Senate?
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather it should
be made now, because that is the only con-
troverted question left on the tobacco tax.
Whenever we cometo the word "warehouse "•—•
page 05 is the first place I see it, and it follows
all along there—the question can be raised.
Mr. CONKLING. Very well.
The reading of the bill was continued. The
next amendment ot the Committee on Finance
was in section [seventeen] sixteen, in lines
eighty-two and eighty-three, after the word
"tobacco," to strike out the words "whose
annual sales exceed $500, and do not exceed
$1,000 and in line eighty-four, after the
word "dollars," to strike out the words "and
when I heir annual sales exceed $1,000, shail
pay, in addition, two dollars for each thou-
sand dollars in excess of $1,000so as to
read:
Dealers in tobacco shall each pay five dollars.
Every person whose business it is to seli, or ofier ior
sale, manufactured tobacco,snuff, or cigars, shall bo
regarded as a dealer in tobacco, and the payment
of a speeial tax as a wholesale or retail liquor
dealer, or the payment of any other special tax,
shall not relieve any person who sells manufactured
tobacco and cigars from the payment of this tax ;
Provided, Thatno manufacturerot tobacco, snuff, or
cigars shall be lequired to pay a special tax as
dealer in manufactured tobacco and cigars for sell-
ing his own products at the place of manufacture.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section [seven-
teen] sixteen, line one hundred and ninety-
two, after the word "business" to insert the
words " and if such peddler shall not have
paid the special tax for the current year he
shall pay the same within thirty days after the
passage of thus act;" so as to read:
And in ease any peddlershall refuse to exhibithis
or her receipt as aforesaid, when demanded by any
officer of internal revenue, said officer may seize
the horse or mule, wagon, and contents, or pack,
bundle, or basket of any person so refusing; and
the assessor of the district in which the seizure has
occurred may, on ten days' notice, published in .my
newspaper in the district, or served personally on
the peddler, or at his dweilmg-housc, require s>uch
peddler to show cause, if any he has, why the horses
or mules, wagon and contents, pack, bundle, or
basket so seized shall not be forfeited; and in case
no sufficient cause is shown, the assessor may direct
a forfeiture, and issue an order to thv collector, or
to any deputy collector of the district, for the sale
of the property so forfeited; and the same, after
payment of the expenses of the proceedings, shall
