1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2201
the United States, and also, as the same may be
received, their proportion of the proceeds of the
sale of lctnds under the provisions of this treaty.
And on suchpatentsbeing issued and such payments
ordered to be made by the -President, such compe-
tent persons shall cease to be members of slid tribe,
and shall become citizens of the United States; and
thereafter the lands so patented to them shall be
subject to levy, taxation, and sale, in like manner
with the property of other citizens : Provided, 3?hat
before making any such application to the Presi-
dent they shall appear in open court, in the district
court of the United States for the district of Kansas,
and make the same proof and take the same oath of
allegiance as is provided by law for the naturaliza-
tion of aliens; and shall also make proof to the satis-
faction of said court that they are sufficiently intel-
ligent and prndent to control their affairs and inter-
ests; that they have adopted the habits of civilized
life, and have been able to support, for at least five
years, themselves and families.''
Twelve of these Indians are reported to me
by the Secretary of the Interior as having gone
through the courts and become citizens, and
tliey have got their lands. The treaty provides
that they shall have also the cash value of their
funds.
Mr. THURMAN. It strikes me that that
is not the subject of an appropriation bill at
all. I do not think such a subject as that ought
to be put on an appropriation bill.
Mr. POMEROY. This is not an appropri-
ation, but it is legislation. The Secretary of
the Interior holds that he cannot convert the
securities without authority of law. If it was
in money he could pay them without any fur-
ther action, but he cannot convert securities
without authority of law. This is to authorize
him to convert securities into money and pay
them.
Mr. THURMAN. That is precisely my
idea ; it is not an appropriation at all except
in one sense, that it is giving these persons
individually their share of that which now
belongs to the tribe. What place has that on
ail appropriation bill? Let us have a report
on that and a separate bill for it. It has no
place on this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. It is like any provision
we put in an appropriation bill to provide how
and by what authority the Secretary or the
President may make division of'certain moneys
belonging to certain tribes. It is very com-
mon to put a proviso of this kind in an appro-
priation bill.
Mr. THURMAN. I know it is common to
do a good many things that ought- not to be
done. Let the Committee on Indian Affairs
investigate this matter and make a report that
will show to the Senate what the tacts are, and
report a bill upon the subject. It has no place
on this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. There is no great import-
ance in this ; there are only twelve of these
persons; but I was requested by the Secretary
to bring this matter forward, and it is clearly
a requirement of law. No point of order can
be made against it, because it is to carry out
the provisions of a treaty.
Mr. COLE. It is virtually an appropria-
tion. It appropriates the pro rata portion of
the aggregate funds that belong to this Indian
tribe. They are now reduced down to less
than three hundred, and have a pretty large
fund in the Treasury. When they become
reduced down to one or two Indians, are the
one or two to be entitled to the whole fund?
Mr. POMEROY. This tribe is not being
reduced ; it increases now from year to year.
They are now more than ever before.
Mr. COLE. Only two hundred and ninety-
six, all told. I do not know how large they
were when they were a nation with which we
made a treaty. I do not know really but that
the. treaty may have been made with a smaller
number than that—a great nation with which
the United Sta'es made a treaty ! It may be
so according to the statement of the Senator
from Kansas. I hope the amendment wiilbe
voted down.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not mean to say
they were never any larger than now, but I
mean that for several years they have been
doing well ; they are increasing m numbers ;
they attend our schools; they are as peace-
able and quiet Indians as any. These young
men who have become citizens have their
patents for their land ; two of them graduated
at onr colleges. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Is the amendment
reported from a committee ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not.
Mr. POMEROY. It is not from any com-
mittee. It is moved to carry out a provision
of a treaty. It comes within the rule.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I submit to the Chair
whether it eom.es within the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It comes
within the rule. It does not involve an
appropriation,
Mr. THCJRMAN. If I understand the
amendment, it proposes to pay those who
have become citizens of the United States.
Mr. POMEROY. That is so.
Mr. THURMAN. Do I understand that
that treaty has made a change in the natural-
ization laws, and that these Indians have
become citizens of the United States?
Mr. POMEROY. I read the provision of
the treaty exactly. The treaty requires theai
to take the same oath that aliens take.
Mr. THURMAN. The power to naturalize
foreigners is a power not vested in the Presi-
dent and Senate; it is no part of the treaty-
making power. It is a power vested by the
Constitution in Congress in a very terse sen-
tence; " Congress shall have power to estab-
lish a uniform rule of naturalization." How
can the Senator pretend that under a treaty
with Indians we have naturalized those In-
dians and made them citizens of the United
States ?
Mr. POMEROY. That is not the treaty at
all. The treaty provided the way in which
they eould become citizens by complying with
the naturalization laws.
Mr. THURMAN. But the naturalization
laws were limited to white persons in express
terms.
Mr. POMEROY. They are white persons.
Mr. THURMAN. Pray, how much of
blanching have they had to make them white '?
No, sir, the naturalization laws were confined
to white persons, and I submit that the Sena-
tor's amendment will not achieve the purpose
at all that he aims at, if it is only limited to
paying Indians who have become citizens of
the United States.
Mr, LOGAN. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him, doesnotthe Constitution of the United
States, in the fourteenth amendment, natural-
ize those persons without a treaty?
Mr. THURMAN. it does it' they are sub-
ject to the jurisdiction of the United States.
Mr. LOGAN. "All persons born or nat-
uralized in the United States, and subject to
the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the
United States.
Mr. THURMAN. If they have lost their
tribal relation, then they are.
Mr. LOGAN. I am speaking of them as
they are presented to us. It is said they are
civilized and have patents for their lands in
severalty.
Mr. THURMAN. By virtue of the four-
teenth amendment, then they are citizens of
the United States.
Mr. HARLAN. If that is taken as con-
ceded, that tliey are now naturalized, the
amendment ought, to be adopted, so that this
distribution should not be made to any of
tliefe Indians except those who have become
naturalized under the provisions of the treaty.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the amendment;
he can pay them only as tliey become natu'al-
ized according to the provisions of tile treaty.
Mr. HARLAN. Let the amendment be
read again.
The amendment was read.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to inquire whether any
evidence was laid beiore the committee that
these Indians have been naturalized?
Mr. POMEROY. The fact has been re-
ported by the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. THURMAN. I think from the reading
of the amendment—and I have paid more at-
tention to it now than I did before—the Sen-
ator from Kansas will see that it does not
achieve his purpose at all. It recognizes that
they are still members of the tribe. As I have
already said, they could not be naturalized
under the naturalization laws. They could
not be naturalized by treaty. If they are citi-
zens of the United States at all, it is in virtue
of the fourteenth amendment, and I grant that
under the fourteenth amendment, when they
lose their tribal character and become subject
to the jurisdiction of the United States, then
by force of the fourteenth amendment tliey are
citizens. But the amendment offered by the
Senator from Kansas recognizes still their
tribal status, that they are still members of
the tribe.
Mr. POMEROY'. It onlyprovides for such
as have ceased to be members of the tribe by
taking naturalization.
Mr. THURMAN. No; it says, 1'such
members of the tribe."
Mr. POMEROY. "Such members of the
tribe as may beeome citizens.''
Mr. HARLAN. 1 may misunderstand the
honorable Senator from Ohio. Do I under-
stand him to'say that citizens cannot be natu-
ralized by a treaty?
Mr. THURMAN. I do say that citizens
cannot be naturalized by treaty. I know very
well; 1 have in my mind the treaty by which
Louisiana was annexed to this country, by
which it was declared that citizens there
should become citizens of the United States.
I have not forgotten that, nor the treaty with
Mexico; but those were treaties made with
foreign Powers in regard to the acquisition
of temtory, and are not precedents at all for
such a treaty as this.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not think the question
material; but I thought it was a mistake in
history. There are more cases than the hon-
oiable Senator has yet mentioned. The treaty
made with Russia contains a clause of the
same kind, and there are other treaties con-
taining provisions of the same sort precisely,
naturalizing people under the provisions of
the treaty or providing for their naturalization.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The same with
Mexico by which the Arizona Indians came
to us.
Mr. HARLAN. But what the Senator from
Kansas seeks to effect is to enable those who
have become citizens under the provision of
that treaty to draw their proportion ot the
vested funds, and if his amendment effects that,
and onlv that. I have no objection to it.
Mr. POMEROY. I will alter it to say
" who have become."
Mr. HARLAN. Let that modification be
made, so that it will apply only to those who
have become citizens.
Mr. POMEROY. That is all I want it to
apply to.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 17 ; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buckingham, Caldwell,
Casserly, (Jot'bett, Craicm. Terry of Michigan, i're-
linshussen, Harlan, Hill, Ilowe, Kellogg, Logan,
Morrill oi Maine. Pomero.v, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawver,
Stevenson. Trjiiun, Trumbull, West, Wilson, Wm-
dom. and Wiight—25.
NAYS— Messis. Alcorn. Blair, Cole,Cooper, Davis
of West Virginia, Kduiunds. Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock, Lewis, Norwood,
Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Stockton, Xiiurman,
and Vicker*—17. T,
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman,
Erownlow. Cameron, Carpenter. Chandler. UUytjn,
i Oonkliug, .Davis of Kentucky, i'enton, K-rry of
;! Connecticut, Fl-mngan (hibert, (joidthwaite, li ,u>i-
i| 1m. JohsiMon. Ktiiy, Morrill of Vermont, Mm ton,
ij JS'yc, O.-boin. Jfatrerson, Fooi. Il'Cc.Kcott. Sherman,
' &)iencei, Spuguc, Stow.nt, and Sumner—31.
So the amendaient wa^ agreed to.
Mr. WBIGUf. I assume it to be in order
now to move to strike out iVora the text cf rbe
bill any matter that may he in it.
The PKKSrDING OFFICER. Certain!/,
