8098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
S. C. Koonee, W. B. Wilkin, S. C. Simonton,
S. H. Holibaugh, and 19 other honorably dis-
charged soldiers, citizens of Mercer county,
Pennsylvania, praying the passage of a bill to
provide industrial homes and training schools
for the orphans of the soldiers and sailors who
served in the Army or Navy of the United
States during the late war.
By Mr. PALMER: The petition of J. V. Gal-
lion, of Fremont county, Jowa, for arrearages
of pay while an officer of the twelfth regiment
of Missouri cavalry.
By Mr. HEAD : The petition of Darnel Snd-
death, asking a pension for services renderpd
by him in the war of 1812 with Great Britain.
By Mr. W. R. ROBERTS: 'The petition of
357 citizens of New York and Brooklyn, in
favor of the passage of Hou?e bill No. 1788,
for increase of pension to disabled soldiers
and sailors
By Mr. 8PRAGUE: The petition of Rev.
H. B. Scott and sundry others, citizens of
Meigs county, Ohio, asking that Congress
may adopt such measures as they may tlunk
best to bring before the pubbc mind the sever-
ity of the famine in Persia, and piovide ways
and means for collecting and disbursing the
charities of the benevolent who may wish to
remember this people in their adver.'ity.
By Mr. STOUGHTON: The petition of
lion. Henry P Baldwin, Governor of Mich-
igan, and 1,223 citizens of said State, praying
the passage ol House bill No. 17-58, lor an
increase of pensions to soldiers totally disabled
in the war lor the suppression o! the rebellion.
By Mr. STRONG: Lhe petition of 110 citi-
zens and soldiers of New Britain, Connecticut.
praying the passage of House b.ll No. 17f>8,
providing for a pension ot fifty dollars per
month to soldieis permanently and totally
disabled in the military or naval service ot
the United States.
POST ROUTE HILLS INTRODUCED.
The following were introduced, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Ollice and Post
Roads:
By Mr. COGIILAN: A bill to es'ahlish a
ceriam post route in the State of California.
By Mr. W11 IT TllOUNIi : A bill to estab-
lish a post route from Waynesboro, via liar- J
tin's Mills, to Hamburg, 'Tennessee.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May C, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. in.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of the proceedings of Saturday last.
Mr. HAMLIN. If there is no Senator who
desites to hear the Journal read, I will move
to dispi nse with its fun her reading.
Mr. CASSE11LY. I object.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. 'The Senator
from Maine did not state what his object was
in making the motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. My object was to proceed
with other business instead of taking up time
in the leading of the Journal.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask the Senator from
Maine whether he really ptoposes legislation
in a Senate of less than ten persons ? There
are about ten persons here now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will proceed with the reading of the Journal.
The Secretary resumed and concluded the
reading of the Journal.
ordell of business.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask unanimous consent
to take up a bill to which 1 think there will
be no objection whatever. It only contains
six lines, and 1 should really like to have it,
passed this morning. It has been before the
Senate a number of times.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
call of petitions, the Senator from Louisiana
asks unanimous consent for the present con-
sideration of a bill the title of which will be
reported. It will be subject to objection or to
demand for the regular order.
The Chief Clerk read the title of the bill,
as follows: A bill (S. No. 58) to prescribe the
time for holding the election for electors of
Piesident and Vice President in the State of
Louisiana, and for other purposes.
Mr. VICKERS. I object to that bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. Then I give notice that
I shall call it up as soon as the morning busi-
ness is over.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented five petitions of
soldiers and sailors, in favor of the passage
of the bill incorporating the National Union
Soldiers'and Sailors' Orphan Industrial Train-
ing-School Association ; which were referred
to tha Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SCOTT, presented the memorial of
Oliver Evans Woods, of Philadelphia, Penn-
sylvania, pra}ing Congress to adopt certain
plans that he has invented lor the prompt and
safe delivery of letters ; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Iloads.
Mr. SCOTT. 1 also present a memorial of
the Board of 'Trade of Philadelphia in the
form o1 a resolution on the same subject. They
set foith that this system of Mr. Woods has
been tiied by a publication called the Pacific
Ma'l List with great advantage, and was com-
mended by the Governor ot Cabtornia in the
year 1858, and they therefore lesolve:
"Th.it the l'inhidelpliia .Board of Trade most
respeet lully ask ot both llouscs ot Congress that the}
make a {'.trelul exsiulm.irion ot the plans for letter
deliv-iy proposed by Oliver Hvans Woods, to the
end that if uppioved the same may be brought into
public us'c; and that Confess appiupriute to the
leliel of the ^aul Oliver Kvans Wood-s .such com-
pensation as the sen ices rendered to the people of
the United States by his postal plans m public use
luaj justly entitle him.''
1 move the reference of this memorial to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Tile motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of J.
W. Pel rm, of ,Momoe county, .Alabama, pray-
ing the removal of his political Usabilities;
winch was referred to tne select Committee on
the Removal of Political Disabiii ies.
He also presented the petition of Louisa
Kitchens, of Randolph county, Alabama,
pr.13 ing to be allowed a pension 111 considera-
tion of her husband's services in the war of
1812; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. PO.MEROY presented the petition of
Jesse Connell and Barretts. Johnston, pray-
ing to be allowed the sum of $4.2(55 30 for corn
furnished for the use of the Army in 1852. pay-
ment for which was refused by reason of non-
perlormance of contract; which was referred
to the Comini tee 011 Claims.
il r. LE WiS presented the petition of Michael
G. Harman, of Augusta countv, Virginia, pray-
ing the removal of his political disabilities;
winch was referred to the select, Committee
011 the Removal of Political Disabilities.
papers vliudra wn" a.\'d referred.
On mot-ion of Mr. FERRY', of Michigan, it
was
Oidercd. That the petition and papers in the case
ot jtenry (It ossinayer betaken from thelites of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. BLAIR, it was
Ordered, That William A. Smith have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers trom the flies of
the Senate.
order of business.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask unanimous
consent to take up Senate bill No. 914, to pro-
vide for the claim of the Pottawatomie Indians
residing in Michigan and Indiana, subject to
the morning business.
Mr. KELLOGG. I shall be compelled to
object, as I cannot have a bill which I desire
to have considered taken up.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take up House bill No. 2048, for the
relief of Robert A. Mayo, of Richmond, Vir-
ginia. It is a bill which has passed the
House, and been reported by the Committee
011 Naval Affairs of the Senate. It will lead
to no debate.
Mr. KELLOGG. I regret exceedingly to
do so, but I must object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Louisiana objects.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. If it is in order, I!
wili move that Senate bill No. 944 be made the
special order for to morrow after the morn-
ing business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will re-
quire unanimous consent, as the call is now
resting with reports of committees, that bill
not being up. The Senator from Connecticut
asks unanimous consent that the bill indicated
by him be made the special order for to-mor-
row at one o'clock. It was made a special
order for a previous day, but was passed over.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 must object until the bill
for equal rights in the schools is passed.
harriet spring.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I believe
during this session I have had the indulgence
of the Senate to consider no question ; but
now Task the Senate to take up Senate bill No.
905, which is simply to pay a poor woman that
which was due to her ancestor for services in
the revolutionary war. He was one who
served in the war, and under the resolution of
1780 was entitled to half pay fqr life. The bill
has been reported two or three times by com-
mittees, and I ask that it be now consideied.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
fioui Maine asks unanimous consent for the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 905) for the
relief of Harriet Spring, heir of Captain Wil-
liams Barker, deceased, reported by the Com-
mittee 011 Revolutionary Claims.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides for the payment
to Harriet Spring, of Waterville, Maine, the
heir ot Captain Williams Barker, of Water-
ville, Maine, of the half pay of a captain from
the end ot'the revolutionary war to the death of
Captain Barker, February 19, 1819; and for
issuing a warrant to Harriet Spring for such
bounty land as she, in virtue of the services
of Captain Williams Barker, deceased, as a
private soldier in the revolutionary war is
entitled to receive.
Mr. PRATT. I inquire of the Senator
from Maine whether that case was referred to
the Committee on Claims?
Mr. HAMLIN. It was reported by the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, from
which all such reports have always come.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Is there a
report ?
JL'he VICE PRES1DEN T. There is.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I should
like to hear it read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
made by Mr. Norwood 011 the 2d of April:
The Committee on Revolutionary Claims, to whom
wits reterred the petition ol Sarah L. Spimg and
fftimet Spring, of Watervnle, Maine, heirs of
Captain Williams Barker, deceased, ot the <>• n-
tinental establishment of the revolutionary aiiny,
bes 1 eave to repoi t:
That they have carefully examined the papers in
the case submitted to them. They have Irorn this
source of evidence ascertained that all thecmldien
ol Captain Williams Barker are deceased; that the
petitioners are the Mirviving grandchildren and
heirs of Captain Barker.
The evidences in lavor of this claim are the certified
copy ol an application ol Captain Williams Barker
for a pension, madem 1M8. The death ot the appli-
cant. Fubruaiy 19, ]8lU, prevented the prosecution
of hi^ claim tor a peuMon. The application ol Cap-
tain Barker sets forth that heicceived accmmission
as captain m the latter part of the year 1775, or the
beginning of 3776, and served until peace was de-
el-red, in 1783; that he belonged to thesecond regi-
ment of the Massachusetts line, under the command
ot Colonel John Cu&hing, in the brigade of general
Joseph Cushmg. In support of this statement there
