410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
on the consideration of the measure proposed
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, then that
to-morrow will be the unfinished business, and
the pending question will be displaced.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg pardon of the Chair;
it will be the unfinished business, subject to the
call for the other order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is otherwise advised, he will inform the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts ; that unless the
amnesty bill is called up aid resumes its place
before the adjournment to-day it will lose its
place.
Mr. SUMNER. But I understand that it is
proposed that the amnesty bill shall simply be
passed over informally, subject to being called
up at any moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
so understands ; but. by the uniform rilling of
the Presiding Officer of this body, and accord-
ing to the practice of the Senate, if the Senate
should adjourn pending the consideration of
the measuie proposed by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, that to-morrow will be the unfin-
ished business, and not the bill of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall rely on the gener-
osity of my friend from Pennsylvania not 'to
interfere to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. SCOTT. It is my expectation that the
bill can be disposed of this afternoon. If we
find it cannot be, it will be in the power of the
Senator trom Massachusetts 
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to make a suggestion to him?
Mr. SCOTT. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. The whole difficulty can
be obviated liy demanding the regular order at
any time before the adjournment to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator from New York
had permitted me to finish my sentence, that
was just what, I was going to say.
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's
pardon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection to laying aside the bill under con
sideration and proceeding to the consideration
of the other measure indicated by the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania? The Chair hears no
objection.
message from the housk
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Isaac Strohm, one of its clerks,
announced that the House had passed the fol-
lowing bills; in which it requested the concur-
rence ol the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 301) to authorize the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
settle with F. M. Cordeiro;
A bill (H. R. No. 501) authorizing the ap-
propriation for the employment of surfmen
fit alternate life-saving stations on the New
Jersey coast for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1872, to be expended in employing crews
at such stations arid for such periods and at
such compensation as the Secretary of the
Treasury imiy deem, reasonable, not to ex-
ceed forty dollars per month for each person
employed: and
A bill (II. R. No. 505) for the relief of suf-
ferers by fire at Chicago.
nodse bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 301) to authorize the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
settle with F. M. Cardeiro was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The bill (H. R. No. 501) authorizing the
appropriation for the employment, of surfmen
at alternate life-saving stations on the New
Jersey coast for the fiscal year ending June
30,1872, to be expended in employing crews
at such stations and for such periods and at
such compensation as the Secretary of the
Treasury may deem reasonable, not to exceed
forty dollars per month for each person em-
ployed, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The bill (H. R. No. 505) for the relief of
sufferers by fire at Chicago was read twice by
its title, and placed on the Calendar.
corporation income tax.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 362)
declaratory of an act entitled "An act to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes," ap-
proved July 14, 1870.
The Committee on Finance reported the bill
with an amendment to strike out the preamble
and all of the original bill, and to insert in lieu
thereof the following:
That all taxes upon dividends, interest, and un-
divided profits heretofore assessed or collected from
the corporations mentioned in section fifteen of the
act approved July 14,1870, entitled "An act to reduce
internal taxes, and for other purposes." forthe time
between the 1st day ot August. 1870, and the 1st day
of January. 1871. shall be remitted or refunded upon
claim made therefor: and the "Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue is hereby authorized and directed
to remit or refund the same as in cases of other taxes
improperly assessed or collected: but nothing in this
act shall be so construed as to prevent the collection
or authorize the return of any taxes upon such div-
idends. interest, or undivided profits for that part of
the year 1870 prior to the 1st of August, and assessed
or collected at the rate of five per cent.
Mr. SCOTT. I offer, by authority of the
committee, two further amendments, which I
will ask to have read before I make a brief
statement of the bill.
The Chief Clerk read the amendments,
which were to insert after the word "collected.''
in the eighteenth line, the words "to all such
corporations as have retained such tax from
their stockholders, or paid it to the Govern-
ment, or shall retain or pay the same at such
rate as to make the tax equal to at least two
and a half per cent, per annum upon all the
earnings of the years 1870 and 1871, and to
none other and also, after the word "to,"
in the twenty-second line, to insert the words
"and including."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendments offered by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, this bill in-
volves, as I have already stated, nearly two
million dollars, and its importance justifies me
in making a brief statement to the Senate of
the reasons which render its passage neces-
sary. That it may be clearly understood, I
ask attention to the law which imposed an in-
come tax originally, so that all may be satis-
fied that, this bill will secure equality as nearly
as equality can be secured in the collection of
an income tax.
The act of June 30, 1864, imposed the first
income tax, and it enacts in section one hun-
dred and sixteen, as follows :
"And the duty herein provided for shall be as-
sessed, collected, and paid, upon the gains, profits,
or incomo, for the year ending the 31st day of
December next preceding the time for levying,
collecting, and paying said duty."
By section one hundred and nineteen the
duties were to be levied on the 1st of May, and
to be due and payable on or before the 30th
of June in each year, until and including the
year 1870, and no longer.
By section one huudred and twenty a duty
of five per cent, on all dividends m scrip or
money "thereafter" declared due, &c.—the
word " thereafter" in that section is, I think,
a mistake for "hereafter"—of banks, trust
companies, savings institutions, and of fire,
marine, life, and inland insurance companies,
was imposed to be retained by said companies.
By section one hundred and twenty-two rail-
road, canal, turnpike, canal-navigation, and
slack-water companies were to retain five per
cent, on the interest of all bonds issued and
on all dividends declared or profits, wherever
the same shall be payable.
The act of March 3, 1865, amended sections
one hundred and sixteen, one hundred and
seventeen, one hundred and eighteen, one hun-
dred and nineteen, and one hundred and twenty
of the act of June 30, 1864, in several particu-
lars, but left the time of assessing, collecting,
and paying, and the time for levying the tax,
the same as they were in sections one hundred
and sixteen and one hundred and nineteen.
The acts of July 13, 1866, and the act of
March 2, 1867, again amended the same sec-
tions ; but the only change made as to the
time of assessing, collecting, anH paying, and
of levying and paying, fixed by the act ot 1804,
is that the act of 1867 changes the time ®f levy-
ing and paying to the 1st of March and the 30th
of April, instead of the 1st of May and the 30th
of June. The year for which it is to be assessed
is still left as in the original act, "the year
ending the 31st day of December next preced-
ing the time for levying, collecting, and paying
said tax;" and each successive act repeats the
words of the one hundred and nineteenth sec-
tion, "until and including the year 1870, and
no longer."
Now, how would this operate as to equality
between those who paid tax upon general in-
come assessed at the end of the year and paid
at the time fixed for levy and payment, and
those whose tax was retained by the officers
of corporations out of their interest and divi-
dends under sections one hundred and twenty
and one hundred and twenty two? I call
especial attention to this subject. It is not
one, it is true, for any figures of rhetoric, but
it is an interesting one in figures of aiithm-tic.
The original act was approved June 30, 1864,
but on the 4th of July, 1864, a joint resolution
was passed impeding a special income tax for
the year ending December 31. 1863. to be lev-
ied, assessed, and collected on the 1st of Octo-
ber, 1864, and as the act of June 30 had pro
vided a special mode of collecting the tax on
dividends, authorizing them to be deducted
from general income, so that they wouid not
pay twice, the resolution reaching back into
1863, before the tax was exacted, provided
that " no deductions shall be made for divi-
dends or interest,received from any association,
corporation, or company."
We have thus the income tax, beginning in
1863,«-and interest, dividends, &c., if hon-
estly returned—and it is probable they are just
about as honestly returned as other incomes—
paid tax for the year 18b3. The law of June
30, 1864, would catch all general incomes lor
1864, but its special mode of collecting the tax
upon dividends. &c . could reach only those
declared after its passage. Those declared
before would go into general incomes, as I
will hereafter show.
Now, starting with 1863, the time to which
the resolution of 1864 reaches back, we find
that those who paid general income tax paid
for the years 1863, 1864, and all the vears up
to and including I860. Dividends paid tax for
the year ending December 31, 1863. under the
resolution. When we come to 1864, dividends
declared before the passage of the act had paid
no tax, and therefore they would pass into the
general income of the recipient', for the pro-
vision for deducting them in section one hun-
dred and seventeen is, "the incomo derived
from dividends, &c., which shall have been
assessed and the tax paid as hereinafter pro-
vided," shall be deducted. &c. Thus all divi-
dends for 1864 would be subject to and pay the
tax. Those declared after the passage of the
act would be retained by the corporations ;
those declared before the passage of the act
of 1864 were not permitted to be deducted, the
tax upon them not having been paid, and there-
fore went into the assessment ot general income;
so that, going on to December 31, 1869, up to
which time the dividends also paid, there would
be equality as between those who paid tax upon
general incomes and those who had their tax
retained by the corporations which paid their
dividends.
At this point, December 31, 1869, we are
met by the question made by corporations and
decided by the circuit court for the eastern
district of Pennsylvania, referred to_ by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue in his report
