1306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
lands. Will gentlemen go back upon then-
record ?
Mr. Speaker, the policy of squandering the
public lands and granting them to great cor-
porations has been fearfully destructive of the
rights of laboring men and of public virtue
during the last ten years. It fairly began in
1862, and lias put in the hands of monopolists
nearly two hundred million acres of the best
of the public land, the fairest portions of the
great region between the Mississippi and the
Pacific ocean. Is not ten years of such pol-
icy enough? Is not the demoralization of
public virtue sufficiently complete? During
this period this Republican party was only
responsible for all of this because of its com-
plete control of public affairs. There have
been Democratic votes in favor of that policy •
but, as a general proposition, a large majority
of the Democratic members have steadily
voted againbt these grants, and have resisted
them even when resistance could be of uo
avail. And I say -with pride that some gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House, lie-
publicans, have resisted, every blandishment
ot the public plunderers, and uniformly voted
against these grants. I say this, sir, while I
claim that the steady resistance of this fatal
policy has come irom the party which during
these ten years was in a hopeless minority in
this House; and in the midst ol the general
demoralization this policy has produced in
Congress and out of Congress I still point
with pride to the record which this resistance
has made.
Xhe judgment of the country has certainly
been very clearly pronounced. A grant of
public lands tor any purpose is opposed to the
interests and policy of the people; and these
grants to groat corporations are a crime against
republican government. Xhe retention ot these
lands for the purposo of securing homesteads
to actual settlers and as bounties to those who
have defended this country in its hour of peril
js the well-aettled purpose and policy of tlie
country, no matter what may be the action of
Congress. I am glad this bill is one that pre-
senta the case clearly.
We have been told by the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr. IIazklton",] a State in which
a vast portion of the public lands have been
set apart for the benefit of corporations, that
li this grant is not made to this particular com-
pany these lands will inure to the benefit of
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company. And
liers I say, as between the company that hais
Monopolized or seeks to monopolize but about
three and a halt million acres ot the public land
and a company that has seized upon more than
fiixly million acres, a territory three times as
large as my own State, as is the case with the
Nojth 1 acifio railroad, I should vote, if com-
l ^ v0^° w*kb such an alternative, in favor
of thegrantto the smaller corporation, i should
not hesitate a moment. But it is a gratuitous
assumption, unwarrantable in point of fact,
that the land covered by this bill will inure to
the benefit ot the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company if tins bill does not pass. It is but
a pretense by which land monopolists and ad-
venturers propose to make fortunes at the
expense of the people, by seizing upon this
magnificent body of land, already withheld
irom the people, until it has become of im-
mense value.
By the terms of the law of 1856, making
this grant, it was provided that if this road
was not completed in ten years the land should
revert to the United States and become apart
ox the public domain. During that period
not a mile ot this road was made. The act
of 1864 simply extends the period for five
years longer, and during that period no part
ol the road was made; the monopolists were
waiting for the lands to become more valu- I
able. Therefore, in IStj'j, now nearly three I
years ago, tbis grant failed and these lauds I
reverted to the United States and have been I
ever since a part of the public lands. If the
Northern Pacific railroad, under the acts of
Congress creating that monster corporation,
could ever acquire any portion of these lands,
its right to them is already beyond our reach,
and yet gentlemen concede that up to this
time the Northern Pacific road has no right
to these Sands, and if the Northern Pacific
company had any such right it would be but
to a small part of the land covered by this bill.
Let me claim the attention of gentlemen for
a moment. These lands, by virtue of the law,
reverted to the public domain. They ceased
to be a portion of the lands granted, and if
the North Pacific railroad could ever attach
u xr afc a^'' ^as a!ready done so, but
the Northern Pacific company has acquired
no such rights.
Mr. RUSK. Xhe line has to be definitely
located before they could attach.
Mr. HOLMAN. There are some hundreds
of miles of the road constructed. The act was
passed nine years ago, and yet the gentleman
says it is not located. The North Pacific
railroad could never make a location different
irom that indicated now. And if this grant
ever could inure to the benefit of that road,
then the lands are already disposed of; and
yet they are not disposed of, for the Northern
lacitic company has not, and never will have,
a vested right in them, as fer as the facts can
be seen.
Mr. B ARNSWORTH. Then would the
revival of this grant affect these lands at all?
Mr. HOLMAN. It may be a question
whether it would affect them at all. Certainly
not, it the Northern Pacific company could
reach them. Ihe letter of the Commissioner
on 1 ubhc Lands proves the fact that if these
lands do not mure to the benefit of the North
1 acmc railroad, and if that company is enti-
tled in any event to them, that company would
be entitled to lands elsewhere in lieu of these
lands proposed to be granted, if granted by
this bill. Let gentlemen notice that. This
vast body of public lands in a great and
populous State; lands that have become valu-
able, long withheld from settlement and the
industry of the fanner by the cupidity of the
monopolists j lands worth from fifteen to twen-
ty-hvo dollars an acre, made valuable by the
industry of the people on all sides of it—these
lands so long reserved from settlement, ought
to inure to the benefit of the whole people.
If these lands are regranted to this St. Croix
and Bayfield company, then lands to a cor-
responding amount, according to the state-
ment of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, will inure to the Northern Pacific
company elsewhere. So upon every side the
people suffer by the ingenious devices of these
monopolists. So that there can be no pre-
tence here that a failure to grant these lauds
to tms St. Croix and Lake Superior company
is a movement in favor of the North Pacific
lailroad. 1 hat company, if the Commissioner
of I ubhc Lands is correct, after all will get
either these or other equivalent lands. I can
scarcely believe that such a result is possible;
if so, the wickedness of the whole system is
still more apparent.
Mr. RUSK. Will the gentleman yield for
a question ?
pOkMAN. Not at this moment. I
would have been very glad, in the interest of
the people of this country, if the gentleman
irom Wisconsin [Mr. Rusk] on yesterday had
accepted the proposition then offered, and
before the subject was understood. But now
I trust we can secure these lands to the people,
and save them from any corporation; and,
above all, from this gigantic corporation, the
^Northern Pacific. I am happy to believe that
the defeat of this_ bill at this time will be the
termination of this whole corrupt and corrupt-
ing policy, and will finally and forever put an
end to the robbery of the people, a robbery so
fatal to every interest of the men of this age '
and still more fatal to their children. The fatal
effects of this policy is beginning to be seen.
I hold in my hand a copy of the St. Louis
Democrat, a leading organ of the Republican
party. Speaking of the recent investigations
by the Legislature of the State of Kansas into
the charges of corruption in the election of a
Senator of the United States in Kansas, a State
covered with enormous grants of land to cor-
porations, it shows that the president of a great
railroad corporation, a road built by one of your
giant land grants, had employed vast sums of
money in corrupting the Legislature and buy-
ing a seat in the Senate of the United States,
to secure power in the legislation of your Gov-
ernment.
Thus a corporation to which you give mil-
lions of acres of land seeks to use the vast
power you have given in corrupting your Gov-
ernment and controlling its affairs, literally
buying for its agent and emissary a seat in the
highest legislative body upon the face of the
globe. Here is a fearful commentary upon the
grant policy of the last ten years. You grant
the lands of the people to the extent of mil-
lions of acres to build up these giant corpor-
ations, you rob countless thousands of homes,
and then these corporations seize upon the very
agencies of Government, the legislative powers
of the nation, by corruption and fraud, and
trample upon the rights of the people. How
long will the people remain the masters of
their Government when your great corpora-
tions, invested with irresistible power by rob-
bery of the people, have filledyour law-making
departments with their own emissaries ?
_ Sir, the great point of objection to this pol-
icy is its corrupting and demoralizing influence.
Gentlemen talk about corruptions in public
affairs; they denounce the power of these cor-
porations ; yet year, after year you increase their
power and give them a mastery against which
the power of the people is palsied—a mastery
oy which affairs, State and national, legislative
and executive, are controlled, and agencies,
too, so corrupt and demoralizing as to imperil
the very foundations of republican government,
ifour policy increases the wealth of the nation,
but it poisons and corrupts the very fountains
of justice and of law.
Sir, my main argument against this whole
policy is that you are taking from the landless
people of this nation, the laboring men of this
nation, their rightful heritage, to build up
excessive fortunes for a few favorites, and you
invest them with vast corporate powers, and
the power thus corruptly given assails public
virtue wherever it is found, and remorseless in
its selfishness and cupidity, seeks to aggran-
dize to itself rights, even of Government, which
ought to belong to the whole people. Sir, it
requires no prophet to tell that your policy
must be changed and these corporations shorn
of then- power, or the free institutions of this
Republic will perish.
Mr. Speaker, before taking my seat I pro-
pose to make a motion which will present
squarely the question whether this demoraliz-
ing policy shall now cease, and cease forever,
m conformity with the clearly-expressed sen-
timent of the people; in conformity with the
expressions of the great political parties; in
conformity with the demands of the laboring
men of this country, who by thousands and
tens of thousands have presented here their
solemn protest against granting another acre
of the public lands to corporations, to be used
not only to the detriment of those who should
have these lands for settlement, but also to
the demoralization of every branch of the
public service. In order to test the sentiment
ot the House upon this question, to ascertain
whether Congress will meet the demands of
the people, I move that the bill be laid on the
table.
Mr. BiLDREDGE. I hope that the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Holmas,] after one
hour has been occupied in debate upon his
side, will not press to our lips the chalice of
which he so much complained yesterday.
Mr. COX. I call for the yeas and nays on
