1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3995
the convenience of trade, for the facility of
trade, and for the benefit of persons who can-
not afford the capital necessary to pay the
taxes or duties at once. The same reasons
that prevail in favor of bonded warehouses tor
imported goodsapply in reference to the trans-
portation of tobacco.
I hope that this amendment of the com-
mittee may not be adopted, but that the
warehouse system may be continued for an-
other year, and until there is a modification of
the law again. To break it up at this time, in
my opinion, would work great hardship and
great inconvenience. It is of particular ad-
vantage to the dealers in the city ot San
Francisco, and I apprehend if this modifica-
tion of the law is adopted it will result at once
in driving from the business a very large pro-
portion, so far as numbers are concerned, of
the dealers in tobacco at that place. I hope,
therefore, that the amendment of the Senator
from Oregon will be adopted.
Mr. VICKERS. Mr. President, I desire to
vote understanding^ on this subject, and 1
should like to have the views of the chairman
of the commiitee, first, the reason for the
change; and secondly, the effect it wou Id have,
especially upon the small dealers. 1 do not
particularly understand the effect of it, aud I
should like to know from him what effect it
will have either upon the finances of the Gov-
ernment or upon the dealers in tobacco.
Mr. SHEKMAN. 1 never like to approach
a question of this kind by skirmishing. I do
not care whether this amendment of the Sen-
ator from Oregon is adopted or not. The real
question here is whether the system of bonded
warehouses at ports of entry shall be continued
for tobacco exportation. Whether this par-
ticular amendment is adopted or not, does
not make any difference. The real questiou
is presented on page 71 of the bill. It grows
out of the seventy-third and seventy-fourth
sections of the internal revenue law. The
seventy-third section of the law as it now stands
provides :
"That the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
upon the execution ot such bonds as lie may pres-
cribe, may designate and earabhsh at any port of
entry in the United States bonded warehouses for
the storage of manufactured tobacco and snuff in
bond intended for exportation, selecting suitable
buildings for such purpose, to be recommended by
the collector in charge of exports at such port, to be
known as export bonded warehouses."
Provision is then made for the selection of
buildings and their designation.
Then section seventy-lour provides :
"That manufactured tobacco and snuff may be
removed in bond from the manufactory"—
The manufactory where it is made—
" without payment of the tax, to be transported di-
rectly to an export bonded warehouse for the stor-
age of manufactured tobacco or snuff established at
apoit of entry as hereinbefore provided."
Under the present law there are two classes
of tobacco warehouses, that at the manufactory
any manufacturer of tobacco may store
miSHobacco as long as he chooses without pay-
ing the taxes until he desires to remove it for
consumption or sale. There it remains. It
may then be removed under the existing law
to a bonded warehouse at a port of entry.
Under this law bonded warehouses have been
established in New York, Philadelphia, Balti-
more, New Orleans, and San Francisco, and
the system has been an experiment for two or
three years. After a practical trial of this
system, every manufacturer 111 tobacco, for
whose benefit this privilege was granted, now
demands its repeal, and {hat briDgs us to the
question.
This was originally intended to enable thetn
to export tobacco without payment of the tax,
but they have found that this mode of export-
ation put them at the mercy of men who have
charge of these warehouses, or of the wholesale
and retail dealers in these four or five ports
of entry who control the sale of all tobacco
manufactured in this country, and they levy a
commission ranging, I think, from one to five
per cent, upon all tobaoco, because no tobacco
can be exported unless it goes to one of these
warehouses in the large cities. The result is
that every tobacco manufacturer is to some
extent at the mercy of the dealers in tobacco
at these ports of entry.
To show the extent of this feeling of dis-
content, I may refer to what occurred before
the Committee on Finance.' We heard both
sides of the question. I may say that in Bal-
timore, where one of these establishments
exists, they are dissatisfied with it, wantitabol
ished, and the dealers, even in Baltimore, say
it is an injury to trade. So far as I know,
there is no desire to preserve this system ex-
cept by the dealers in New York, Philadel-
phia, New Orleans, and San Francisco. These
representations were made to us emphatic-
ally. Now, to show how far this opposition
has gone, i will refer—because it is in a con-
venient form—to a paper that was presented
by these people when both sides were heard.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue ayear
ago called attention to the failure of this sys-
tem of export bonded warehouses. In his
annual report he says :
" It is my own opinion, and, so far as I have been
able to ascertain, it is the opinion of manufacturers
of tobacco generally, that the present system of
export bonded warehouses c.tu be entirely abolished
to the interest both of the Government and of the
manufacturers."
There are proceedings here of meetings yi
Richmond, Virginia, in Lynchburg, Virginia,
Danville, Virginia. Here are the proceedings
of a convention of tobacco manufacturers in
St. Louis, Missouri, of the tobacco manufac-
turers in Detroit, Michigan, of the tobacco
manufacturers in Covington, Kentucky, of
the tobacco manufacturers m Toledo, Ohio,
of the tobacco manufacturers of Brooklyn,
New York; and other meetings have been
held, and not mere meetings, but regular
trade conventions. 1 may say that all the
manufacturers of tobacco in the United States
now demand the repeal of this provision
which was made for their benefit.
At the time this provision for bonded ware-
houses was adopted, it was accompanied by
a repeal of the provision for bonded ware-
houses for spirits because they had led to
fraud. I cannot say, from auy statements
which have been made to the committee, that
there has been any fraud in the system of
tobacco bonded warehouses; but the whole
trade for whose benefit it was made are dis-
satisfied with it and desire it abolished and
another system substituted. When I say ''the
trade" I do not speak of the dealers, but the
manufacturers. The interests of the men who
merely buy tobacco, I take it, are not to be so
much considered. This was a provision made
for the manufacturers and for the benefit of
exportation, and we get no tax by it.
Now let, us go a little further. The House
of Representatives have sent a bill here which
contains provisions for another mode of ex-
porting tobacco, and allows every tobacco
warehouse to be in the nature of an export
depository of tobacco, so that tobacco may be
shipped from any tobacco manufactory in the
United States directly to a port in Europe,
upon giving certain bonds, and going through
a certain process. That is to say, it can be
exported to Liverpool upon the same terms
precisely that it can be sent to New York
now, aud thus save the expense of one entry
and sale, and a commission of three to five
per cent. That is the whole of it.
The Government of the United States is
not interested in this question at all, because
the Government gets no revenue from tobacco
expoited. So far as the Government is con-
cerned it stands indifferent. This is a ques-
tion only of the trade, of the tobacco manu-
facturer versus the dealers in tobacco in three
or four cities.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor's time has expired.
Mr. VICKERS.  I move to strike out the
last word of the amendment, so that the Sen-
ator from Ohio may proceed. We are very
anxious to hear his views.
Mr. SHERMAN, i do not want to do that,
because I think 1 have said all that it is neces-
sary to state, unless it be in reply to some
other observations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator may proceed if there be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather not vio-
late the rule. I might objectto somebody else
doing it, and I do not want to do it myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon.
Mr. COItBETT. I modify my amendment
by striking out the words " bonded ware-
house," and upon that I will say a word. By
my amendment formerly offered, I desired to
give to the manufacturers the same advantages
that the present dealets haveuuder the export
system. My amendment provides for that, so
that the manufacturers can have no objection
to this as it now stands, atid I ask the Clerk
to read it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope we shall adopt
the course suggested by the Senator from New
York, and withhold those amendments until
we reach the main question.
Mr. CORBETT. This embraces a portion
of the amendment, that it is necessary to make.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment of the
Senator is not in order and cannot be made in
order, because it is in regard to a subsequent
part of this bill, and we cannot stop here to
go through another part of the bill. I am
willing to lay aside these informal matters until
we reach the substance of this controversy.
That is what I suggest.
Mr. CORBET1'. I am willing to do that.
I withdraw my amendment for the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the bill will be continued.
The reading was continued to the close of
the following clause:
That section seventy-three be amended by strik-
ing out all after the enacting clause and inserting in
lieu thereof the lollowmg, to wit: "that manu-
factured tobacco, snuff, and cigars intended for im-
mediate exportation,after being properly inspected,
marked, and branded, may be removed from the
manufactory in bond without having affixed thereto
internal revenue stamps indicating the payment of
tax thereon. The removal from tbe manufactory
of such tobacco, snulf, and cigars shall be made
under such rules and regulations, and after making
such entries and executing and filing, with the col-
lector of the district from which the removal is to_ be
made, such bonds and bills of lading, and giving
such other additional security as may be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue and ap-
proved by the Secretary ^ of the Treasury. All
tobacco, snuff, and cigars lutended for immediate
export as aforesaid, before being removed from tbe
manufactory, shall have affixed to each package an
engraved stamp, indicative of such intention, to he
provided and furnished to the several collectors, as
in the ease of other stamps, and to be charged to
them, and acco unted lor in the same manner; and
lor the expense attending the providing aud aliix-
ing of such stamps ten cents for each package so
stamped shall be paid to the collector un making
the entry for suoh transportation. When t he man-
ufacturer shall have made the proper entries, filed
the bonds, and otherwise complied wtth alt the re-
qitirements of the law and regulations as hciein
provided, the collector shall issue to hiui a permit
for the removal, said permit accurately describing
the tobacco, snuff, and cigars to be shipped, the
number and kind of packages, the number of
pounds, the amount of tax, the marks and brands,
the State and collection district from which tbe
same are shipped, and the number of the manufac-
tory, and the manulaeturer's na.mo, together with
the port from which the said tobacco, snuff, and
cigars are to be exported, and the route or routes
over which the same are to be sent to the port of
shipment, and the name of the vessel or line by
which they are to be conveyed to the foreign port.
The bonds required to be given for the exportation
of tabacco, snuif, ami cigars shall be canceled upon
the presentation of the proper certificate? that said
tobacco, snutf, and cigars have been landed at any
port without the jurisdiction ot the Cnited States,
or upon satisfactory proof that after shipment the
same were lost at sea."
Mr. SHERMAN. The section now read by
the Clerk is the section that is substituted for
the provision as to tobacco warehouses.
Mr. CONKLIN'G. And yet as I understand
it, nobody objects to the section as found on
