1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&59
42d Cong..,.2d Ssss.
Duty on Salt—Mr. Duett.
Ho. oi1 Eeps.
manna in the wilderness. But the fact is,
Mr. Speaker, that niuety-five per cent, of the
cost of salt is actual labor, and nothing else.
For instance, at the Onondaga salt-works, at
Syracuse, the wells are owned by the State of
New York; the State sinks the well, and
through its superintendent pumps the water
 nd distributes it to the different salt'blocks,
inspects the salt, and collects the revenue from
that source, which is simply one cent upon a
bushel of salt; so that the whole cost of the
salt in it3 original state is simply five cents
per barrel, and all the rest is labor. In other
words, ninety-five per cent of the cost of man-
ufacturing a barrel of salt is labor. I ask,
Mr. Speaker, whether that kind of labor is
not entitled to as much protection and as much
fostering care as the labor that is employed
in any industrial interest of the country ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I would like to ask
the gentleman a question on that point, if he
will permit m®.
Mr. DUELL. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. STEVENSON. I would ask the gentle-
man whether he thinks it is consistent in the
State of New York to levy a duty upon salt
greater than the expense of managing the busi-
ness, while at the same time the .Represent-
atives of that State ask us to protect that man-
ufacture by a duty upon salt; in other words,
whether it is not inconsistent in a State which
derives a revenue from a particular industry
by a special tax to ask us to give special pro-
tection to that same industry?
Mr. DUELL. In answer to the gentleman
from Ohio, I must admit that X cannot appre-
ciate the force of his question, nor see its
relevancy. The Stale of New York from the
outset lias been the owner of the lauds where
these salt-wells are situated, and has incurred
the expense of sinking the wells. It incurs
the expense of pumping the brine. It incurs
the expcuse of delivering that brine to the dif-
ferent manufacturers; and they charge for that
work simply one cent upou each bushel of salt
manufactured. Now, I do not regard that in
in the light of a tax. The State of New York
to-day owns all the canals. It charges a cer-
tain amount by way of toll for all goods trans-
ported through these canals; but it seems to
me that that is not a tax; they give an equiva-
lent. In the case of the salt-wells at Syracuse,
the State, in fact, simply sells the salt water to
the.mauufaqturers at a price barely sufficient
to pay expenses.
Mr. STEVENSON. The principle is the
same.
Mr. DUELL. They realize about eight
hundred and sixty thousand dollars a year as
revenue, which they pay out in repairs and
for other expenditures connected with the su-
perintendence of the wells.
I venture to say to the gentleman from
Ohio, that if we could arrive at the facts, it
would be fonnd that the State of New York
never realised any profits from this source.
But if the State did realize a profit, I cannot
see. how that iti any way detracts from the
claim made by the manufacturers of salt, that
their interest should be protected like any
other.
Mr. STEVENSON. I find it here in the
report of the auditor of New York, dated
January 7, 1872, that the receipts from the
salt duty were about eighty-five thousaud dol-
lars—I speak iu round numbers—while the
expenditures were $59,000, leaving a revenue
from this source of $26,000. The amount I
admit is small, but the principle is the same.
Here is a State asking us to aid an interest
which she taxes.
Mr. DUELL. It is not true that the State
is asking for it, I am sorry to say that my
colleague from New York [Mi*. Cox] made a
very able argument the other day to show that
sal.t should be placed on the free list, and X
believe in that view he is supported by all
the gentlemen who represent the city of New
York and some other parts of the State.
Now, it is said that the effect of this duty on
salt is to increase the price to the consumer.
That tftay be true in respect to certain markets
of the United States, but I deny that it is true
in respect to all the markets in the United
States. I have here a table made up from
information received by a sub-committee of
the Finance Committee of the Senate, to whom
the subject was submitted, and who made a
thorough examination of it. I will read from
the report of this sub-committee, consisting
of Messrs. Fenton and Whight, showing that
in various parts of the country salt was then
selling cheaper than it was previous to the
tariff of 1860. That table is as follows :
I860, foreign salt at Cleveland 40
181)0, foreign salt at Toledo 40
I860, foreign salt at Detroit   —41
1860, foreign salt at Chicago............. 42
1869, domestic salt at Cleveland   34
1869, domestic salt at Toledo   33
1869, domestic salt at Detroit.. 34
1869, domestic salt at Chicago   -54
1870, domestic salt at Cleveland   30
1870, doroestio salt at Toledo.,...., SO
1870, domestic salt at Detroit     30
1870, domsstie.aalt at Chicago   31
[These are prices for loososaltwithout the oask or
package.]
Now, I assert that, with the exception of the
city of New York and some other cities ou
the sea-board, salt is selling in all the markets
of the country at lower rates than it did ill 18GO.
Now, let me say a word in regard to the
present duty upon salt. It has generally been
supposed that the tariff enacted iu 1864 of
eighteen and twenty-four cents was far in ad-
vance of any duty ever levied upon this article.
Now, thia is not true. For many years pre-
vious to 1842 the duty upon a bushel of salt
was twenty cents, the statute bushel being fifiy-
six pounds, which amounted to over thirty-five
cents upon one hundred pounds. And you
will bear in mind that that duty continued for
many years. By the tariff act of 184.2 salt
was reduced to eight cents per bushel of fifty- j
six pounds, which amounted to fourteen cents
on the one hundred pounds; and in 1840,
when the low tariff was adopted, salt remained
on the same tariff of eight cents per bushel,
or fourteen cents per one hundred pounds.
That was under the low tariff of 1846, and
when in 1857 a still further reduction was made
on other articles, salt remained at eight cents
per bushel, where it had been placed in 1842.
Now, what does the Committee of Ways and
Means propose to do in regard to the duty
on salt? Do they propose to reduce the duty
on salt, gradually as they do on other articles ?
Certainly not, They propose to reduce the
duty on salt from fifty to sixty per cent, all at
once; and on other things they propose a re-
duction Of ten to twenty per cent. Now, at the
proper time, I shall move an amondment placing
salt precisely where it stood under the tariff
of 1842, 1840, and 1857, which is a reduction
of twenty per cent, from the present duty.
And I submit to every gentleman who listens
to me whether that is not a fair reduction under
the circumstances. The duty ought to be kept
where it is. Is it fair to place this article on
the free list? Is it fair to turn fifteen thousand
men out of employment at once ? Is it fair to
destroy an industry in which $20,000,000 have
been invested? I trust that the good sense of
the House will see the propriety of making this
reduction gradual, if any reduction is to be
made.
Now it is said that the present duties of
eighteen and twenty-four cents on salt is a
great burdeu on the people. I have here a
short article which I will read for the purpose
of showing what this great burdeu is upon the
American people:
" The average annual consumption of salt in the
United States isaboutforty-four pounds to each per-
son per capita. This includes all the salt used,
whether for household purposes or manufacturing.
The average price of a barrel of salt in the different
markets of the United States is two dollars, and as
a barrel of salt contains two hundred and eighty
pounds, it follows that the oostof salt to each person
yearly is thirty-one cents and four mills."
Now another calculation shows that each
porson in the United States actually consumes
not over eight pounds annually ; and the cost
to each person would therefore be only six
cents.
This article says further :
Now, conceding that the consumer pays the duty
upon salt, let us see what this burdensome tnx is.
Tlio amount of revenue dorived by the United
Sr.atoH for tho year 1870 upon foreign salt was $1,250,-
000 in round numbers. The population of the Uni-
ted States being about forty millions, it follows that
the tax imposed upon the consumers of salt by rea-
son of tho tariff on that article, according to the
freo-trode theorists, is three cents and ono mill to
each person annually 1 What an oppressive burden
to carry, to be sure! This, too, is the 'crimeagainst
civilization'we hearsomuch about. This is the
'odious,' 'infamous,' and 'pernioious' tax
which koeps the people from consuming as much
salt as they would do if salt wore admitted free of
duty."
Now, Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that in
view of the fact that salt is one of the prime
necessities of life, that it is important for us
as a nation that we should manufacture in the
United States at least a portion of the salt that
we use ; and when we take into consideration
the slight burden which it imposes, even ad-
mitting that the consumer pays the whole duty,
it does seem to me that the very necessity of
the case warrants me in saying the tariff on
salt ought not to be materially reduced, and
that the true policy of the country requires that
we should eucourage and foster this branch of
industry as we do the industrial interests of the
country generally.
Mr. Speaker all that i ask, all that my con-
stituents can or ever will ask, is that they
may be placed on a footing of perfect equal-
ity with other constituencies—they claim no
superiority over others, they acknowledge none;
we ask for no special legislation in our favor,
we will not tamely submit to any against us.
When the Government abandons the policy of
protecting home labor, we shall Iw prepared
to share the common fate ; but until then we
insist upon our right to claim a moderate pro-
tection for salt, one that will offer a sufficient
inducement for its production to the manufac-
turer and not at the same time operate as a
burden on the mass of the people.
I append to my remarks the affidavit of Mr.
J. YV. Barker, together with those of other
gentlemen, having reference to the manufacture
of salt in this country and its importation from
abroad.
EXHIBIT A.
John W. Barker, of the city of Syracuse and State
of New Yoik, being duly sworn and examined, says:
I am the secretary ot the salt company of Onon-
daga, and have been since its formation in 1860;
have been engaged in the business of manufacturing
salt for the past tbirty-five years, and am faiiiiliar>
with tho salt trade and statistics in the United
States. I proceed to state certain facts and statis-
tics relating to the manufacture of salt in Onondaga
county, in the State of Nuw York, and concerning
tho trade in that article.
Capital fnvestcd.
There are in and near Syracuse three hundred and
sixteen salt-blocks or manufacturing erections for
tho manutaeturo of common salt by boiling': these
erections would now oost, in oash, oetween six and
seven thousaud dollars each; tlio total cos! may be
moderately estimated at $2,000,«0u. Ihere are also
about torty-i'our thousand salt-vats and covers for
tho manufacture of salt by solar evaporation ; the/
size of these vats and covers is sixteen by eighteen*,
feet eacb, covering in all nearly one thousand acres v
of ground. Itwould now cost to erect the works,
including tho necessary storehouses, roads, &c., at
least fifty dollars for each vat and cover ; tho total
cost of these vais and covers would not be less than
$2,200,000. There arc also on tho same salt reserva-
tion tour salt-mills for themanufacturo of dairy and
table salt from tho common salt produced m the other
works. The capital invested in these mills is about
