2204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
Mr. COLE. I must object to that.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not know whether
it requires unanimous consent. I should like
to have a ruling on that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It does re-
quire unanimous consent when there is a bill
pending.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I move to lay the
appropriation bill on the table for the time
being, in order that I may make this motion.
Mr. COLE. Is that in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is in order. The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Ohio.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 26, noes 17.
Mr. HARLAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered ; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 28, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard. Blair, Casserly,
Clayton, Cooper. Davis of West Vnginia, Fen ton.
Ferry of Michigan, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill,
Hitchcock. Kelly, Lewis, Norwood, Osborn, Pratt,
liamsey, Robertson, Saulsbury. Sehurz Srevenson,
Stewart. Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Viekers, and
West—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Caldwell, Cole, Cor
betl, Edmunds,Freliagtiuyson,Gilbert, Harlan,Mor-
rill ot Maine, Pomeroy, Sawyer, Scott, Wilson, Win-
dow, arid Wright—15.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, lioreman,
Brownlow, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Cragin, Davis ot Xventucky, Ferry of Connecti-
cut, Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Hamlin, Howe, Johnston, Kellogg, Logan, Morrill
Of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Patterson, Fool, Rice,
Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Sumner, and Ti'um-
ball-30.
So the motion was agreed to.
adjournment to monday.
Mr. THURMAN. I now move that when
the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
Mr. COLE. Before the vote is taken on
that motion, I should like to have an under-
standing on the part of Senators that they will
sit this bill out this evening. I think we can
get through with it in a reasonable time; but
whether at a reasonable or an unreasonable
hour, I hope they will sit it out. That is the
proposition of several Senators around me,
and I hope all will acquiesce in it.
Mr. THURMAN. So far as I am concerned,
I am perfectly willing.
Mr. LOGAN, Allow me to make a sugges-
tion. 1 do not know what the Senator calls a
reasonable hour; but I have evidence enough
to satisfy me that we cannot pass the bill to-
night. There is one Senator who has got sev-
eral amendments to offer, and they are guing
to be discussed. I intend to discuss one of
them myself.
Mr. COLE. All the more necessity for
sitting it out.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not think the Senator
can get the bill through to-night. Besides, I
have strong internal evidence that it is time
to adjourn. [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. I ask for a vote on my
motion.
Mr. COLE. That is a debatable motion, I
believe.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is debatable.
Mr. COLE. I should like to ask the Sen-
ate to come to an agreement—the condition
of the appiopriation bills surely demands that
much—that this bill shall be disposed of to-
nigiii. If we are to adjourn over until Mon-
day, as a matter of course this bill ought to
be disposed of to-night. There are several
other appropriation bills pending; and I will
state to Senators that there is great pressure
to pass some ol the other appropriation bills.
1 do not know that Senators are aware of it,
but i will suite now, while quite a number are
listening, that the Department of J us'ice is
entirely without funds to carty on the business
of that Department. I have a letter honi the
Attorney General, which iias been in my hands
now for some time, dated March 20, last month,
stating that the courts were necessarily stopped
throughout the country. I have in addition
to that telegraphic dispatches from distant
States. I happen to have one of them in my
hands now from the marshal of Arkansas, who
states that he has borrowed money to carry on
the courts for the time being, and asks when
the appropriation bili will be passed.
Mr. POMEROY. That is not in the Indian
bill-
Mr. COLE. No; but it is in the bill to
come up immediately after this. I do not
expect to get it up until the'Indian bill is dis-
posed of. Other Senators have received ap-
peals of the same kind. The Senators from
South Carolina, the Senators from Louisiana,
and other Senators have received communica-
tions from the law officers in tlnjse States,
from the marshals, the district attorneys, or
the judges, stating that there is the strongest
possible necessity for speedy action upon a
biil which is now ready to be acted upon. If
now we neglect to finish the Indian appropri-
ation bill to night, and it is to run into next
week, and take all the week probably, you
will see in what embarrassmenttlie Department
of Justice will find itself before we can get
action upon the bill in which the appropria-
tion is contained.
I hope, in view of these facts, that Senators
will consent to sit this bill out to-night. I
will remind them of the fact that last Thursday
they adjourned for three days; thatis, Friday,
Saturday, and Sunday; and we have been
really, seriously, and grossly neglecting some
of the most pressing business of the session.
I do not wish to use any offensive terms ; but
it does strike me that that is the case. I am
aware that some Senators, many of them, prob-
ably, are not acquainted with the fact that
there is the strongest possible necessity that
the deficiency bill should be acted on speedily.
Mr. IHUliMAN. I will not occupy a mo-
ment's time, because, so far as I am person-
ally concerned. I want to giatify the chairman
of the Committee on Appropriations. So far,
therefore, as I am individually concerned, 1
will stay here just as long as he will. I will
let him sit the bill out to-night, so far as I am
concerned; I cannot answer for anybody but
myself, though. But it is very true that this
is the only bill on which you have any chance
to discuss Indian affairs, and if some time
were taken up with it, it perhaps would not be
lost on so great a subject. And, furthermore,
I believe none of these appropriations take
effect until after the end of the fiscal year, June
SO, so there is no great hurry for it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The deficiency hill is gen-
erally understood to take effect a little betore.
Mr. THURMAN. I know it is; but I do
not think any deficiency bill ought to be passed.
I am totally opposed to all deficiency bills.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I supposed my friend
would be, as it is to carry on the judicial
operations of the Government, and that might
put, him in trouble. [Laughter.]
Mr. TTIUIIMAN. If so, 1 have an addi-
tional reason for being opposed to a deficiency
bill. [Laughter.] But I do not wish to take
up time. 1 have only to say that so far as I
am concerned—and I have been referred to as
having made this motion—I will sit with the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
as long as he wishes to sit. I ask for the vote
on my motion.
Mr. WIN DOM. I think the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations has made a
strong argument in favor of a session to-mor-
row; but as he has asked unanimous consent
to sit this bill out to-night, I, for one, do not
wish to be precluded from voting to adjourn
as often as I can hear a motion made on that
subject. I think our experience a week ago
last Thursday night, sitting out a bill and then
adjourning over for two days afterward, is not
such as to make it quite prudent to repeat it.
Therefore, while I am perfectly willing to sit
to-morrow, I will not agree to sit out the bill
to-night.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I wish to make
one single observation, founded on my expe-
rience almost entirely in connection with this
class of business. This is an appropriation
bill, as I think we have some reasons to under-
stand by this time. [Laughter.] Now, I have
rarely or never known an appropriation bill
to have a quorum on Saturday. It involves,
therefore, this precise predicament. I think, if
this bill is to be finished this week, that it
ought to be finished to-night; and I really do
not see any good reasou why we should not
sit here an hour longer to finish this bill.
I shall vote to adjourn over until Monday
upon the idea that it is impracticable to legis-
late on this bill to-morrow, and I shall vote,
and I hope the Senate will also vote, to stay
here and finish this bill to-night. It seems to
me that is the proper course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion that when the Senate
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
The motion was agreed to, there being, on
a division—ayes 32, nays 13.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
again proceed to the consideration of the
Indian appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 21, noes 24.
Mr. WINDOM. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard. Blair, Caldwell,
Casserly, Clayton, Cooper, Edmunds, Frelinghuysen,
Hamilton of Maryland, Hill, Hitchcock, Lewis,
Logan, Osborn, Ramsey, Robertson, Saulsbury,
Scott, Stevenson, Stockton, Tipton, and Win-
dom—2-3.
KAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Cameron, Cole, Cor-
bett, Cragin, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan. Harlan,
Kellogg, Morrill of Maine, Norwood, Pomeroy,
Sawyer, Schurz, Stewart, Thurman, Trumbull, West,
Wilson, and Wright—20.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames. Anthony, Boreman,
Brownlow, Carpenter, Chandler, Conkliilg, Davis
of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Feiry ot Con-
necticut, Flanagan. Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton
of Texas, Hamlin, Howe, Johnston, Kelly, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, ffye, Patterson, Pool, Pratt,
Rice, Sherman, Spencer, Sprague, Sumner, and
V lekers—30.
So the motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and twenty minutes p. in.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 5, 1872.
The House met at, twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butlbr, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
richard b. crawford.
The SPEAKER announced the appoint-
ment of Mr. Bird in place of Mr. Speer, of
Pennsylvania, excused, as a member of the
committee of conference on the part of the
House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 622) granting
a pension to Richard B. Crawford.
statistics of immigration.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, re-
ported back, from the Committee on Com-
merce, a letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting the report of the chief
of the Bureau of Statistics, accompanied by
a German translation ofhis report on immigra-
tion, and moved the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the same,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAWYER also, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following concurrent resolution ;
which, under the law, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing :
liesohed, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed for the use of the Treasury Department ten
thousand copies of the report of the ebief of the
Bureau of Statistics on immigration, in German.
