412
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
Mr. SHERMAN. In that case, the indi-
vidual stockholder, in rendering his personal
income, had to return that income, and then
it was subject to a tax of two and half per
cent., because he is only entitled to deduct
from his personal return where the corpora-
tion has paid to the Government the income
tax. I think that is the answer to the ques-
tion the Senator from Vermont put, if I under-
stood it.
In regard to this whole controversy, it fell to
me to make a statement of what the intention
of (he law was, whetheror not the legal phrase-
ology carried outthat, intention. In July, 1870,
Congress determined to reduce the income tax
from five per cent, to two and a half per cent,
for the year 1870; but the trouble was that up
to July 1, 1870, the income tax at the rate of
five per cent, had been paid where it was
derived from corporations, and it was not the
purpose of Congress to authorize the return of
any portion of this income tax, but the purpose
of Congress was to suspend the collection of
income tax from corporations for the residue
of that year, 1870, oil the ground that they had
already paid two and a half per cent, income
tax for 1870, having paid at the rate of five per
cent, for six months.
Therefore, the intention was—and this was
done in express words—to repeal the residue
of the income tax collected from corporations
for that year, but to levy upon personal income
the income tax for 1870, as of old, so as to
equalize the tax upon incomes, whether derived
from corporations or from personal or other
sources. That was the whole object of the
law, whether the phraseology was ambiguous
or not. The officers of the law, however, and
especially a clerk, or some gentleman con-
nected with the Attorney General's office, con-
strued the income tax on corporations as still
continuing at the rate of two und a half per cent.,
although it seems to ine the language of the
law is plain that the tax should not be collected
at all after the 1st of August, 1870, until the
1st of January, 1871. But the construction
he put upon the law required him, and he
required the revenue officers to go ou and col-
lect the tax on corporations at the rate of two
and a half per cent, from the 1st of August,
18(0, to the 1st of January, 1871, although
they had already paid income tax at the rate
of five per cent, per annum from the 1st of
January preceding the 1st of August, 1870,
shortly after the passage of the law.
The object of this bill is to remove ambigu-
ity, and to require and authorize the collection
of the same income tax on personal income as
upon corporations, and the same upon corpor-
ations as upon personal income; but unfor-
tunately, as the tax on corporations was col-
lected for seven months of 1870, it follows
that the income derived from corporations will
have paid at best, even under the law as now
proposed by the Senator from Pennsylvania, a
little more income tax than personal income;
but this was an inequality so small that we did
not propose to correct it, and its correction
lias not been attempted by this bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not altogether sure
that it is right to pass this bill in any form. I
can see a pretty good reason in policy for tax-
ing the income of a corporation at a higher
rate than you tax the income of a private indi-
vidual ; and I should have been glad when we
remodeled the internal revenue laws (and I
tried to the extent of my little powers to ac-
compl'sh that result) to continue as against
corporations the tax upon gross receipts. We
did not, however, do that. I say, then, it does
not appear to me to bo altogether clear that
wc may not justly, and ought not rightly, to
impose a higher tax upon the income of a cor-
poration than upon that of a pr.vate person.
Why V Because a corporation enjoys a special
and peculiar privilege ia making money that a
private individual does not.
Every corporation is a monopoly, and I do
not speak of a monopoly in the out-door sense
of accusing a corporation of any wrong; but
it receives its money through the instrument-
ality of national or State authority, by a para-
mount power over and above that which a
private individual can exercise. It is protected
by law. It combines capital. It has avenues
and means of profit which the grace of the
people chooses to give it, which the private
person does not possess. There is therefore
no philosophic ground that I can understand
why all corporations should not be taxed in a
larger degree upon their profits than private
persons are without any injustice.
Now, thesimplepropositioninthis hill, taking
it as it is explained, is that corporations earn-
ing income through the favor of special priv-
ileges imparted by the United States as it re-
spects banks, and by the Sta'es as it respects
railroads, to gather into their coffers money
derived by a sort of taxation of thetr own on
the people, fixing their own rates of discount,
and exchange, and of traffic and of passenger
travel, it is proposed by this bill that they,
being now liable to pay for a few months the
old-fashioned five per cent, income tax. are to
be let down to two and a half, because the rest
of the people, the private citizens, have been.
I do not see the philosophy of that, I con-
fess. Of course it is an exceedingly fine thing
for the corporations,,for the banks in the Uni-
ted States; and, as a stockholder in one of
them, personally, I should be extremely glad
to take my share of the benefit of this per
formance ; but [ confess 1 do not like the prin-
ciple of it : and besides looking at the language
in which this proposition is proposed, I am a
little afraid, although my friend from Pennsyl-
vania I am sure thinks otherwise, that it might
have the effect to go somewhat beyond what
he himself would propose in respect to certain
uncollected taxes from corporations which do
not fall within what he wishes to accomplish.
I think it better that this bill should go over
until to-morrow, and I therefore call for the
regular order, and I should like to have the
additional amendments proposed printed for
the information of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The order
to print the amendments will be made, if there
be no objection.
Mr. LOGAN. I ask leave to submit an
amendment, which I shall propose at the
proper time, to the bill under consideration,
for the purpose of having it printed.
There being no objection, the proposed
amendment was received informally, and
ordered to be printed.
executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont demands the regular order, and
House bill No. 380, for the removal of polit-
ical disabilities, is now before the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] I understand, does
not desire to go on with the debate to-day.
Several Senators. Let us have an executive
session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of execntive
business. After twenty-seven minutesspentin
executive session, the doors were reopened,
and (at three o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday. January 10, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler. D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
correction of tub journal.
Mr. UPSON. I am informed that the
Journal does not show that my colleague, Mr.
Perry, voted on the passage of the amnesty
bill introduced by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] I ask that the Journal
be so coriected as to show that he voted in the
affirmative.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is aware that
the gentleman from Ohio did vote in the affirm-
ative, and the Journal will be so corrected.
louisiana difficulties.
The SPEAKER announced the following
as the select committee under the resolution
of the House passed yesterday to investigate
the condition of affairs in Louisiana: Mr.
Glexxi W. Scofield of Pennsylvania, Mr.
George W. McCrary of Iowa, Mr. £1. Board-
mast Smith of New York, Mr. Daniel W.
Voorhees of Indiana, and Mr. Samuel S.
Marshall of Illinois.
annual repout of attorney general.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Attor-
ney General, transmitting his annual repot t for
the year 1871 ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
ex-colonel j. v. d reeve,
The SPEAKERalso, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War in relation to the case of ox-Colon el
J. V. D. Reeve; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
beacons and bc0ys.
The SPEAKERalso, byunanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury in relation to the deficiency
in the appropriation for the current fiscal year
on account of expenses of beacons and buoys;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and ordered to be printed.
seminole indian reservation.
ThcSPEAKERalso, byunanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, asking an appropriation
of $20,000 for the erection of buildings on the
reservation of the Seminole Indians ; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
duxbury iiar30r, massachusetts.
The SPEAKER also, byunanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, ir, answer to a resolution of the
House of March 9, 1871, in relation to the im-
provement of the harbor of Dux bury., Massa-
chusetts; which wasreferred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
agricultural colleges, 3jtc.
The SPEAKER also, byunanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in answer to a resolution
of the House of January 8, 1872, in relation to
agricultural colleges and college land scrip;
which, on motion of Mr. wilsox, of Ohio, was
referred to the Committee ou Agriculture, and
ordered to be printed.
harbor of baltimore.
The SPEAKERalso, byunanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House of December 12, 1871, in relation to
channels kading to the hatbor of BaKiaiore ;
which was referred to the Committee ou Com-
merce, and ordered to be punted.
district jail.
The SPEAKER also, byunanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in answer to a resolution
ot the House of January 8, 1872, in relation
to the construction of a jail in the District
of Columbia; which was referred to tho
Committee for the District of Columbia, and
ordered to be printed.
winnebago indians.
The SPEAKERalso, byunanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
