3100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,f
gave notice on Saturday has not yet come in
from the Printer. 1 regard that amendment
as important, and unless it shall be added to
the bid I shall not vote for the measure ; but
with the amendment I would vote for the
measure. The amendment was ordered to be
printed on Saturday, but I suppose the pres-
sure of the office has prevented its getting in
as yet. I do not think it would be possible to
close the discussion of this measure this morn-
ing ,in the morning hour. I prefer to go on
with the business reported from the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. CAMERON. It seems to me that we
shall not get up the bill of the Senator from
Massachusetts to-day, and if we did we could
not finish it before the morning hour closed.
Therefore I appeal to the Senate now to allow
me to bring up a little bill which will require
no discussion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent to
take up a bill relative to the salary of the con-
sul at Tien-Tain, China, pending the motion
of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. KELLOGG. I object, for the reason
that I have made a similar request.
Mr. CAMERON. Renew yours, and I will
give way.
Mr. KELLOGG. Very well; I will. I ask
unanimous consent 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts,
the Senator from Louisiana asks unanimous
consent to consider the bill in regard to the
election in Louisiana.
Mr. VICKERS. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the other bill come up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to proceed to the consideration of the bill
(S. No. oG5) to secure equal rights in the pub-
lic schools of Washington and Georgetown.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and n,ays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Carpenter, Cole, Ferry
of Michigan, Howe, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Un-
born, Pomcroy, Ramsey, Sawyer, Scoff, Spencer,
Sumner. West. Wilson, and Windom—17.
N A VS—Mes.-i s. Bayard, lilair. Bore man, Bueking-
liam, Cassi rly, Cooper, Cragm, Davis ot West Vir-
ginia, Fen y of Connecticut. Gilbert, ilamltn, Hitch-
cock, .Johnston, lvclly, Norwood, Pratt, Sauls-
bury, Sherman, Stevenson, Trumbull, Vickers, and
W rniht—'J'j,
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony,
Brownlow, Caldwell, Chandler, Clayton, Conk-
Img, Corbelt, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Ken-
ton, Flanagan, Fi elingbuysen, Uoldthwaite, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, llarlan,
ii111, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Moiton, l\i.tleison, Pool, Ransom, Rice, Robert-
son, Sehur/,, Spragne, Stewart, Stockton, Tburman,
and Tipton—
So the motion was not agreed to.
AMENDMENTS TO BILLS.
Mr. BAYARD and Mr. CARPENTER sub-
mitted amendments intended to be proposed
by them to the bill (H. R. No. 220S) making
appropriations for the repair, preservation,
, and completion of certain pubhc works on
rivers and haibors, and for other purposes ;
which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POME ROY submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (S.
No. 028) authorizing terms of the United
States district court to be held at Fort Gibson
in the Indian teiritory; which was ordered to
be printed.
ELKCTtONS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. KELLOGG. Now, I move to take up
Senate bill No. 58. I wish to state to the Sen-
ate that I think there can be no objection to
this bill. It lias batn before the Senate for a
year, in f.ict 1 think more than a year. I know
of no good objection to the bill. It is to desig-
nale the day fixed in the constitution of Louis-
iana for the State election as the day on
which presidential electors shall be chosen,
thus obviating the necessity of an election
running through two days with all its attend-
ant expenses and inconveniences. I know of
no objection whatever to it, and when it is
understood I venture to say there is no Sen-
ator on the floor who will object to its consid-
eration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems impossible for
me to get the attention of the Senate to the
bill 1 have in charge. When the Senate shall
have voted it down, I shall feel that I have
discharged my duty. I have struggled for two
or three mornings for an opportunity to move
to take up the bill, but have been unfortunate
in getting the attention of the Chair, and there
is no way of getting it up but to antagonize it
with other measures. I antagonized the meas-
ure of the Senator from Massachusetts with
this measure, stating that I hoped the Senate
would vote down the motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts to allow me to call up the
bill to establish a court in the Indian country
where there is great confusion and disorder, and
where the Government thinks it necessary that
a court should be at once established. The Sen-
ate voted down the proposition of the Senator
from Massachusetts, but then I was unable to
get the attention of the Chair; and now another
proposition is made. I do not know what
motion I could make. If I knew of any mo-
tion to make that would enable me to test the
sense of the Senate, I would make it; but I
again call upon the Senate to vote down this
motion.
I opposed the other with the very view of
trying to get this bill up; but the moment this
is disposed of, then the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania has a bill that he proposes to call up,
and there are a dozen others. 1 do not pro-
pose to continue to try and sing out "Mr.
President " before the question is disposed of,
with a view of getting the floor. I think we
should transact our business decorously. I
addressed the Chair as soon as the vote was
announced, but not in time, however, to make
the motion which I desired to make. Now I
will ask the Senate not to take up the bill of
the Senator fiom Louisiana until we have an
oppoitunity to see whether the Senate will act
upon this public matter. I shall call for a
division on the motion of the Senator from
Louisiana.
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 wish to say, for the
benefit of my friend from Illinois, that I have
been for two or three weeks endeavoring to
get this bill before the Senate, and before my
friend came in with his judicial bill. Indeed,
I fear I have been trying the patience of the
Chair and the Senate in seeking to get it up.
If this bdl be taken up, I say again that I do
not think there can be any good objection
from any Senator against the bill; and I shall
be perfectly willing, if it is proper to do so,
to give way to the Senator from Illinois to
take up his bill if that bill will lead to no
debate. Now we have but twenty minutes
befoie the expiration of the morning hour,
and 1 should like to take up this bill which I
have so long struggled to get before the
Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. I am a member of
the committee which reported the bill alluded
to by the Senator from Louisiana, and also of
the committee reporting the bill alluded to by
the Senator from Illinois. We have already
consumed time enough this morning to pass
both bills. 1 shall therefore vote to take
up the first bill I can get a chance to take up,
which happens to be the Louisiana bill. I
shall vote to take that up.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to say one word
upon the question that is now before the Sen-
ate, and generally upon questions that thus
arise. My expei ience here, though very short,
has satisfied me that there is more time taken
up every morning upon questions of this kind
than would suffice to pass a dozen bills. Now,
I trust that the Senate, for the orderly dispo-
sition of business and for the protection of the
public business, will for itself determine that
all these questions shall be laid aside once and
forever, and that when we get through with
the morning business we will take up the pend-
ing measure coming over frona the day before,
and set aside some day or days to go to the
Calendar and take up the bills that are upon
the Calendar in their regular order. Not a
day passes here that we do not take up more
than half the morning hour in discussing the
question whether this bill or that bill shall
have precedence, when if we could go to the
disposition of the very bill that is before us
pending upon the adjournment and attend to
business in that way and assign some day for
the disposition of the bills on the Calendar,
we would dispose of them in a more orderly
manner, and satisfy ourselves and the country
better. I shall therefore vote against taking
np any bill. I have three or four bills here
of very great importance locally that I am sure
it would not take two minutes to pass any one
of them, because there is no objection to them.
I have refrained from asking that, they betaken
up, and yet every morning we pass the morn'
ing hour in this way.
Now, sir, I shall vote against taking up this
bill, or any other bill, and shall vote to go at
once to the bill that was the pending measure
on Saturday until we get through with that;
and if there is no way of disposing of business
otherwise, go to the Calendar and take up the
bills that are there, not in the manner in
which we are attempting to dispose of busi-
ness now.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Louisi-
ana, [Mr. Kellogg,] that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 58.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays. That will determine whether the Sen-
ate are disposed to act on an emergent matter
or not.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 15 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Boreman, Cameron, Carpenter,
Cole, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, Gilbert,
Hamlin, Hitchcock, Howe, Kefloeg, Kelly, Lewis,
Morrill of Mame, Morrill oi'Vermont, Morton, Nor-
wood, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, Sawyer, Seott,
Sherman, Stewart, Sumner. West, and Windom—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard. Blair, Buckingham, Cas-
serly, Clayton, Cooper, Davis of West Virginia,
Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Johnston, Sanlsbury,
Stevenson, Trumbull, Vickers, and Wright—15.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony,
Brownlow, Caldwell, Chandler, Conkling, Corbett,
Lavio of_ Kentucky, Edmunds, Frelinghuysen,
(xoldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan, ll'll, Logan, Patterson, Pool, Ram-
sey, Ransom, Rice, Robertson, Schurz, Spencer,
Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, and Wil-
son— 30.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 58) to prescribe the
time for holding the election for electors of
President and Vice President in the State of
Louisiana.
The Committee on Privileges and Elections
reported the bill with an amendment, to strike
out all after the enacting clause down to and
including the word " provided," in line ten of
the second section, in the following words:
That the Tuesday next after the first Monday in
November, in the year 16,2, is hereby fixed and es-
tablished as the day, m each of the States and Ter-
ritories of the United States, for the election of
Representatives and Delegates to the Forty-Third
Congress; and the Tuesday next after the first
Monday m November, m every second year there-
after, is hereby fixed and established as the day for
the election, in each of said States and Territories,
of Representatives and Delegates to the Congress
commencing on the 4th day of March next there-
after.
Sec. 2. That if, upon trial, there shall be a failure
to elect a Representative or Delegate m Congress m
any State, District, or Territory, upon the day here-
by fixed and established forsuch election, or if, after
any ^uch election, a vacancy shall occur in any such
State. Disfrict, or Territory, from death, resignation,
or otherwise, an election shall be held to fill any
vacancy caused by such failure, resignation, death,
or otherwise, at such time and in such maner as is or
