1308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question.
Mr. BECK. I do not refer to the gentleman
at all, and lie has quite as much as he can do
to attend to pig iron, without meddling with
railroad matters. [Laughter.]
I have this to say, that I have never voted
for an original land-grant appropriation accord-
ing to my present recollection; I have merely
voted for extensions, because it has been the
practice of Congress always to extend these
grants. I voted against the additional grant
to the Northern Pacific in 1870.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Allow me
to ask the gentleman, as I am the only Penn-
sylvania member who has spoken against the
bill, if he refers to me ?
Mr. BECK. No; I did not refer to any-
body in particular. I am talking of Pennsyl-
vania being under the' control of that great
railroad, as the gentleman knows it is.
I say that this talk about the soldier and his
pension and bounty, and about the homestead
rights of the people of the country, seems to me
to be very much of a humbug in this instance,
when it is simply a question whether an over-
grown monopoly Bhall crash out this feeble
concern and swallow up all the lauds, both
from it, from the people, and from those who
have bought along the lino of thisgrant. The
cry of "justice to the soldier" has been rung
in our ears till we all understand it. The truth
is the soldier is cheated out of one half that
we give him ; his land warrants aro stolen by
speculators ; his bounty lands pass into the
hands of other people; ho is defrauded by
harpies at every turn, or he is compelled to
make his home far away from railroads or the
means of reaching them, if he goes upon the
public lands at all, for he cannot get upou the
public domain in the neighborhood of rail-
roads unless these roads are built by aid fur-
nished by Government, and I know of no
way iu which the lands of this country can bo
put in a shape that either a soldier or any other
settler can make a living upon them, except by
the building of railroads through them, and
making the companies obtaining grants sell
them to actual settlers, with the alternate sec-
tions subject to entry for homesteads.
I assert, notwithstanding the cry that has
been raised by economical gentlemen, that if
this country wants to develop its resources,
(while I am against all railroad swindles and
great corporations,) if this country wants to
maintain its credit and to help great, legiti-
mate enterprises, it cannot do so as well in
any other way as hy encouraging them through
grants of land which they are compelled to
sell to actual settlers, and thus enable them to
build railroads everywhere through the public
domain. As long as these lands are unset-
tled—and they never can be settled profitably
and advantageously until railroads run through
them—as long as they are in a wild state,
they are not only of no value to the Gov-
ernment or the people, but the whole country
has to be taxed to raise money to pay officials
to take charge of, watch over, and protect
them. The annual tax now imposed for that
jjurpose does not fall much, if any, short of
seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars. If
the Government gives money to aid such en-
terprises, it has to be raised by taxation ; for
Government, as such, has nothing, and can
obtain nothing, except by taking it from the
pockets of the people. The money when given
is gone. It is not so when the aid is given in
public lands. They are useless, idle, surplus
property, which no individual can utilize, and
the gift or grant of which takes nothing from
the individual citizen. They cannot be re-
moved or taken beyond the power of taxation ;
their only value is in the usufruct, and the
moment they are parted with, for example, to
a railroad company, it becomes the interest
of the company to sell or use them to the
best advantage, and laws should always pro-
vide for quick sales at low prices to settlers.
Their product alone gives them value, and every
dollar which is added to their value, every
bushel of wheat, corn, or potatoes produced,
goes to feed our people and swell our com-
merce, and by bearing its portion of the bur-
dens of taxation, lightens the load from the
shoulders of every other citizen ; thus accom-
plishing three great objects, getting clear of
the cost of protecting useless, unproductive
property, making it contribute by its produc-
tion to the general welfare, and without tax-
ation furnishing the necessary aid for a great
highway for the military, commercial, and gen-
eral purposes of tbe country, which is itself
subject to taxation. Nations and individuals
accumulate wealth and achieve success by the
same process, and nothing is more obvious
than the fact that the nation that brings all its
dormant resources into play, cheapens its
transportation, furnishes facilities for the ac-
complishment of anything necessary to be
done, either in peace or war, at the leastpossi-
ble cost, and with the least possible delajjand
waste of energy, will be the most successful in
the great struggle for national supremacy.
I believe that while great frauds have been
committed in railroad grants—I say nothing in
regard to any particular road—the Pacific rail-
road alone i3 to-day worth all the wild land of
the United States. Men are looking from a
very narrow stand-point when they talk about
pensioners, soldiers, or actual settlers making
settlements hundreds of miles from civiliza-
tion without means of communication or trans-
portation. And they look from a still narrower
stand-point when they forget that these great
arteries of communication are building up
the commerce and increasing the wealth of
the country in a ratio proportionate to their
extension.
We have only to look at the condition of the
country as it has grown up and is growing
under our railroad system to realize the import-
ance of cheap railroad transportation. Wheat
cannot be transported two hundred miles by
any other mode of conveyance on land without
absorbing the value of it in the cost of trans-
portation. Of course the wheat of the West
could not bo taken to the sea-board but for the
railroads. I call attention to the following fig-
ures. From the first settlement of this country
till 1830, when the first railroad was opened, the
national wealth which had accumulated was
estimated at $2,653,000,000. Mr. Wells gives
the following as the increase of the number of
miles sincc constructed, increase of wealth,
and increase of wealth per mile of road:
   uu„. 1~
wealth.
I'rom 18:50 to 1840  li.81S 1(1,111,000,000 $390,000
From 1810 to 1830  6,203 3,371,780,000 540,000
From 1830 to IStSO 21,013 9,023,220,000 410,000
In his last report he says:
"The number of miles of now railway constructed
in the United States during the past year will, it is
bolieved, approximate to five thousand; making a
total construction since and including the year 1865,
the year of the termination of the war, of about thir-
teen thousand. If it is assumed that a lino of rail-
way gives access to fifteen square miles of country on
each side of it. or thirty square miles altogether, then
the thirteen thousand miles of railway, which it is
estimated have been constructed during the live years
from 1865 to 1870, will have opened up three hundred
and ninety thousand square miles of what, for the
purposes of general production, may be considered
now territory; a traot of country Jarger than the
whole aroa of France and noarly three and a half
times larger than the whole area of Great Britain."
In another table he shows our present and
prospective_ accumulation of wealth, and the
proportion it now bears and will hereafter bear
to our national debt. 1 give it:
Percentage
J National wealth. of debt to
property.
1860 $16,159,000,000
1870  32,318,000,000 7.84
1880  64,636,000,000 3.92
1890  129,272,000,000 1.96
1900  258,514,000,000 .98
These statements show that our wealth has
increased as our railroads have increased, and
our commerce has extended just as wo have
extended our facilities of communication.
Until we built a railroad across the continent
we were at the mercy of England, and com-
merce with China and Japan without her con-
sent was an impossibility. The'Struggleagainst
us by Great Britain for thirty years past has
been to keep us from getting across the conti-
nent to engage in the commerce and carrying
trade of Asia. Look over our history, and
you will find that every coaling station in
South and Central America on the Atlantic
and Pacific is controlled by England, the Isth-
mua or Panama railroad is run in partnership
with her, and by treaty cannot be used by us
in time of war, because of her pretended pro-
tectorate over the people of that region. Coal
could not be obtained by us upon the Pacific
ocean except as England saw fit to furnish it
before our railroad was built.
But the moment we got our great railroad
across the continent we were independent of
her and of the world. Then for the first time
we were enabled to reach out for the commerce
of four hundred million people on equal terms;
which commerce we will in ten years have in
our grasp if we have sense enough to seize it.
That railroad is worth more to us, commer-
cially and financially, than all our public
lands. Yet it is fashionable to denounoe rail-
roads, and much of the legislation in relation
to them ought to be denounced, but I do not
propose to join in a blind, indiscriminate cru-
sade against all such public works because
wrongs have been done. I propose always to
advocate and vote for all legitimate enterprises
which will develop the resources of the coun-
try.
Mr. DUNNELL. 1 now yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
Tho SPEAKER. For how long?
Mr. DUNNELL. For ten minutes,
Mr. KELLEY. I ask tho gentleman to
yield to me for a moment to correct a state-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck.]
Mr. DUNNELL. If it does not take long.
Mr. KELLEY. Only a minute. I want
simply to say to the gentleman from Kentucky
that he is in error when he says that the man-
aging man of the Pennsylvania railroad is here
in connection with or exercising any influence
upon this bill. I am glad of this privilege of
doing justice to Colonel Scott, who said to me
yesterday that he was really and absolutely
indifferent to this bill. I heard him remark
playfully upon the floor of this House, in the
presence of several gentlemen, that for once,
at any rate, there was a railroad discussion
going on here in which he felt no interest. It
is unjust to him and unjust to the measure
before the House to allege, as was done by the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] that
Colonel Scott was here to influence the fate
of this bill.
Mr. BECK. I said this: that the Pennsyl-
vania Central railroad controlled the Northern
Pacific railroad, and that the managing man
of that road was here. I did not say that he
had said a word to members in regard to this
bill. He was here; the road which he repre-
sents, the Northern Pacific, will get more than
half these lands, as the Commissioner says, if
the Wisconsin road does not get them. You
may put this and that together.
Mr.BANKS. My belief is—and I ask the
attention of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] to what 1 say—that the gentle-
man who has been referred to by the honor-
able gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] and
my honorable friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] has made personal appeals to mem-
bers of this House this morning to change
their votes upon this bill. That is my belief;
and I state it upon my honor as a member of
this House, and I have, I may say, the best
reason for it.
Mr. KELLEY. I state upon my veracity
that Colonel Scott both yesterday morning
