1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1300
and afternoon expressed his utter indiffer-
ence to this matter.
Mr. KILL1NGER. Will the gentleman allow
me one word?
Mr. BANKS. I do not want to enter into
anv controversy on this question.
Mr. KILLINGER. I wish to confirm what
my colleague [Mr. Kelley] has said. Colo-
nel Scott has said the same thing to me: that
he is utterly indifferent about this matter.
Mr. BANKS. I have no doubt of that; it
was a very natural thing that he should say
that yesterday morning before the vote of the
House, and quite possible that he should say
otherwise afterward.
Mr. NEGLEY. I desire to confirm the
statement which has been made by my col-
league, and to go still further. Within two
hours I had a conversation with Colonel
Scott.
Mr. BANKS. I state my belief upon the
question; and I have good reason for it. But
1 do not pursue that question; it is not a
material matter.
According to my best judgment the policy
of original land grants is not involved in this
question. If it were, I should not sustain
this bill. The question in my view is simply
whether these lands which were granted in
1856 to the people of Wisconsin for a neces-
sary and important local road shall be reserved
to the people of Wisconsin for the construc-
tion of the road, or whether they shall be given
to the Northern Pacific railroad, running its
line in a different direction and to a great ex-
tent outside of the populous and productive por-
tions of that State. This is the question pre-
sented ; and let me say to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson,] the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] and the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Cox,] who threaten us
with popular indignation and condemnation
if we support this bill, that no labor conven-
tion, no intelligent laboring man in this coun-
try, and no other man having the interests of
the people at heart would say that these lands
ought not to be reserved to the people of the
State of Wisconsin instead of being given to
the Northern Pacific railroad.
That is the point upon which we wish espe-
cially to be understood ; that it is no question
of original land grant against which public
feeling has been justly and strongly excited;
that it is a question between one railway in-
terest and another, in which the bill before the
House represents the people, workingmen, set-
tlers of land, purchasers of the lands of the Gov-
ernment at double the statute prices, on account
of the prospective railway accommodations with
their roads half built, their terminus yet in
the air, and seeking reasonable time only to
complete the line to the chain of great lakes of
the north, by which the products of their indus-
try can be carried to the markets of the outer
world, against a plethoric corporation, that has
more lands than were ever before granted to
any one corporation, which has no road built
and no line of road designated through the
country where these lands lie ; which has no
cause to seek the possession or control of the
lands in question except as a basis for the
issue of bonds, to increase the already dan-
gerous and corrupting speculative interests
of the country. That is the question. There
was never a more popular, just, and patriotic
proposition than this, and never one that
would quicker touch the instinctive sense of
justice on the part of the people. It is unneces-
sary for gentlemen on the other side to talk to
us of the indignation of the people. It will be
everywhere against those who justify the insa-
tiate and criminal clamor of a monster cor-
poration for lands which justly and by law as
well as justice belong to the hardy pioneers
and settlers of the country where they lie.
I know very well the prejudice that exists
against land grants, and I share it. But that
prejudice is not directed against the land-grant
system as it was originally established and as
it has been pursued for some time. The preju-
dice arises from the .fact that many of the rail-
road companies to which grants have been
made are monster corporations which, so far
from seeking to develop the interests of the
country and increasing the productive indus-
try of the people, are designed and used to
control and corrupt the Government. Upon
this ground I am against such measures myself,
as every laboring man, every man of intelli-
gence, every lover of his country, ought and
must be. That against which the people pro-
claim their opposition is not the policy of aid-
ing railways as originally supported by the
States and the General Government; but it is
against this other policy of concentration of
capital for speculation and corrupt political
purposes, which cripples the industries of the
country and increases the burdens of the peo-
ple, deprives labor of its just reward and
corrupts and destroys the foundations of
republican government. It is that of which
complaint is made, and we say to all gentlemen
on the other side of this question that so far
as they show fight against this new and dan-
gerous public enemy they may count here
and elsewhere, now and always, upon our
support.
But such considerations do not apply to this
question ; for if there ever was an act of jus-
tice to a people, an act deserving the support
of the Government, it is presented in this bill.
What does the measure propose ? To continue
a line of railway through the State of Wis-
consin so as to connect the'southern and cen-
tral portion of the State with the great lake
system of the North and the markets of the
Atlantic States, American and European.
Half of this line has already been constructed,
and work has been commenced upon the sec-
ond division.
People have bought and cultivated lands
upon the line even where the railroad has not
been completed. They have paid the Govern-
ment for those lands double the original stat-
ute prices, in the expectation that this railroad
would be built; and they explain in the most
satisfactory manner, by reasons conclusive
upon the judgment of every just man, why
they have not been able to perfect this enter-
prise, so important to them and to the part of
the country they occupy. In this debate there
has not been spoken one word of condemna-
tion, or question as to their good faith. Their
failure has been on account, of public events
which it was impossible for them to control
and for which they were in no wise and in no
degree responsible. There is not a labor con-
vention or a laboring man on this continent
who will not say that these honest people of
the State of Wisconsin having purchased and
cultivated these lands, having constructed
homesteads upon them in expectation that this
road would be built, the lands should now
inure to their benefit instead of going to this
monster corporation north and beyond them,
which can never contribute in the slightest
degree to their convenience, their strength,
or their prosperity; but which will, on the con-
trary, hour by hour and day by day, take from
them the fruits of their toil for the benefit of
other communities that share neither the bur-
dens nor the uncertainties of its production.
There is another fact, sir. There is a lim-
itation of price in the lands involved in this
bill. They cannot bo sold to the settlers, to
soldiers, or anybody else, at a price above
$2 50 an acre. The gentlemen who threaten
us as the priests of the people take no notice
of this fact. Every man knows that it is bet-
ter for a soldier and settler or a laborer to buy
lands for $2 50 on the line of a railway than
to pay $1 25 where there is and can be no
railway. But on the Northern Pacific Rail-
road Company, to which these lands revert,
there is no limitation whatever as to the price,
and they may charge five, ten, fifteen, twenty,
or even fifty dollars an acre fortheirland, if they
please. The gentlemen who so earnestly pro-
tect and defend the interests of thia corpora-
tion take no notice of this pregnant fact either.
But they count too lightly the intelligence of
labor conventions and laboring men, as well
as of those to whose intelligent patriotism we
are indebted for the preservation of the coun-
try, if they think this fact will be overlooked
or forgotten. Gentlemen say this land will
not all be taken by the Northern Pacific rail-
road. But it appears to me otherwise, and I
have considered it as carefully as I could. The
Northern Pacific company may run its lino
east and west through the State of Wisconsin
wherever it pleases, and gobble up its lands
eighty miles, it is said, north and south of the
line they designate, and they can make their
locations if they choose in such a manner as
to take the whole of the improved and culti-
vated lands which belong to the industrious
and confiding people of Wisconsin.
Now, let me say one word in regard to the
policy which has been pursued by the people
of this country for the benefit of the laboring
men, the soldiers, or any other class that ia
interested in just laws and just legislation in
connection with this subject. The people of
Massachusetts first initiated and established
the system of government aid to railways.
No important railway has been constructed
there without more or less aid from the treas-
ury of the State, or based upon the credit
of the Commonwealth. That policy was not
only initiated, but was sustained by the peo-
ple against the opposition of capitalists and
monopolists.
The same people who fought for the com-
mon-school system, for the introduction of
water into its cities and towns, who tunneled
its mountains, constructed parks and public
avenues at public expense for public uses, who
erected asylums for inebriates, hospitals for
the sick, industrial schools for the indigent,
houses of refuge for the erring and abandoned;
the same people, the common people, who
carried by their intelligence and force these
and many other public improvements, were
the men who sustained in popular and political
conventions and after great trial secured the
financial aid of the Commonwealth for the sys-
tem of railways which has done so much to
increase its wealth and power and to promote
its prosperity. It was in the interest and by
the power of the people that these things were
done. They understood then as now what
they were doing. They complain when these
corporations grow too large and too strong,
and assume to control the Government.
But when this occurs, as it possibly may,
the people who made these corporations, who
granted the aid of the Commonwealth to them,
will control them; they will regulate and limit
the prices of transportation, bothof passengers
and freight, as they have the right to do; and
if possible make the railway, the telegraph free,
as before they made turnpikes and other char-
tered monopolies of travel free to all persons.
This is their remedy; not that there shall be
no transportation upon the face of this broad
continent, nor to deny to others what they
enjoy themselves; but that the transportation
shall be controlled by the people in the inter-
est and for the benefit of the peoplo as against
monster transportation monopolies by land or
water. Other States, and afterward the Gen-
eral Government, wisely imitated the example
of Massachusetts. Now, what State has not
profited by it in one way or another? Is it
New York? Is it Illinois? When the honor-
able gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hat] spoke
so eloquently against railway aid, was it
because Illinois had not felt its advantages ?
Mr. HAY. No, sir.
Mr. BANKS. Of course not. Everybody
knows that it was by such grants that Illinois
as a State has been made what she is—the first
among the free States of the earth.
