1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3101
jnay be provided by law for filling vacancies in the
State or Territory in which the same may occur :
Provided.
So as to make the bill read :
That in the State of Louisiana the election of
Representatives to the Forty-Third Congress and
the appointment of electors of President and Vice
President for said State shall be on the first Monday
of November, in the year 1872; but thereafter such
elections and appointmentshall be on the day desig-
\ by law for the other States.
Mr. KELL0G&. The purport of the bill
is disclosed by the reading; but I desire to
state to the Senate that when the constitution
of Louisiana was framed, as [am informed 
Mr. CASSEliLY. I will ask the Senator
from Louisiana to speak louder. We cannot
hear a word he says.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to so state to the Senator, that he could
not be heard.
Mr. KELLOGG. It is said and popularly
believed I think among those who are best
situated to know in Louisiana that there was
a mistake made in the enrollment of the con-
stitution. It was intended to provide for the
election taking place on the first Tuesday in
November, as I am told by members of the
State convention, who supposed that that was
designated as the time for the holding of the
State election; but it appeared after enroll-
ment and promulgation of the constitution that
the day fixed for the choosing of State officers
and members of the Legislature was the first
Monday in November biennially; "and the
election shall be completed in one day."
Now, sir, the State constitution and law
providing for the election of Governor, mem-
bers of the Legislature, and all other officers of
the State on the first Monday of November,
and the law of Congress providing, as it does,
for the choosing of presidential electors on
the Tuesday following, the consequence is that
we shall have an election running through
two days. We want to avoid the inconven-
ience and expense attending the holding of
an election for two days in the State for this
year alone, for the reason that there is no way
of amending the constitution in this regard
until after the election next fall. Hence, the
bill provides only for this year. At its next
session the Legislature will, of course, submit
a joint resolution to the people looking to the
amendment of the constitution in this respect.
Before I sit down I desire to say one word
regarding this bill. My friend from Illinois
seemed to think that I had unjustly, perhaps,
antagonized this bill against his bill. _ I desire
to say that I have antagonized it against every
measure, and felt it my duty to do so, for the
last ten or fifteen days. I have regretted that
I felt compelled to do so. It is a very simple
measure, and I cannot see that there can be
any objection to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
what the law of Louisiana is in regard to the
election of electors of President and Vice
President. , .
Mr. KELLOGG. There is nothing in the
constitution of the State on that subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has not the law of
Louisiana provided for the election of
electors
Mr. KELLOGG. It has not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then there can be no
election of electors in Louisiana, if Louisiana
has not provided for electingthem. Congress
cannot provide for electing electors.
Mr. KELLOGG. There is a law that they
shall be chosen at the time fixed by Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would like to know
what the law of Louisiana is, if the Senator
can inform us, on the subject of choosing elec-
tors of President and Vice President. That
is a thing which must be regulated by the law
of each State. Congress has no jurisdiction
over it, and cannot provide for the election of
electors of President and Vice President. All
Congress can do is to fix the time when the
election may take place. I inquire for inform-.
ation. I think before we legislate we ought
to know what the law of Louisiana is in regard
to the election of electors of President and
Vice President.
Mr. KELLOGG. The law of Louisiana,
section fourteen hundred and ten, provides:
"In every year at which an election shall be
held of electors of President and Vice President,
sneh election shall be held on the Tuesday next
after the first Monday in the month of November,
in accordance with the act of the Congress of the
United States approved January 23,1845, entitled
'An act to establish a uniform time for holding
elections for electors of President and Vice Presi-
dent in all the States of the Union,' and such elec-
tion shall be conducted and held in the manner and
form provided by law for general State elections."
This State law provides upon that point
that the election shall be held in accordance
with the law of Congress and at the time des-
ignated in the law of Congress ; and upon the
other point, as to the mode and manner, that
"such election shall be conducted and held in
the manner and form provided by law for gen-
eral State elections." The Constitution of
the United States provides that Congress may
determine the time of choosing electors and
the day on which they shall cast their votes.
All we ask is that Congress will designate the
first Monday of November this year, when, of
course, this section fourteen hundred and ten
of the State law, that " such election shall be
held and conducted in the manner and form
provided by law for general State elections,"
will apply.
Mr. TRUMBULL. May I inquire when the
election of members of Congress takes place
by the law of Louisiana ?
Mr. KELLOGG. On the first Monday of
November—
"All general elections for members of Congress
shall be held at the same time and conducted in the
same manner as is provided for the election of llep-
resentatives to the General Assembly."
That is, on the first Monday of November.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, Mr. President,
we see what we are about to do. The Legis-
lature of Louisiana has provided by law for
choosing electors on the Tuesday after the
first Monday of November, the day fixed by
the act of Congress for the election throughout
the United States. Now, what is the matter?
Why, for some purpose or other, the Senator
from Louisiana is not willing that the election
should take place at the time the Legislature
of his State has fixed it. The Legislature of
the State, with a full knowledge of all their
elections, has provided by statute that the
electors shall be chosen on the very same day
in Louisiana that they are chosen throughout
the United States. And now it is asked that
we, by act of Congress, change the law of
Louisiana and fix the election for presidential
electors in that State on a different day.^ I dis-
like very much to do that. • I think it is very
bad policy to set such an example as fixing the
day for electing presidential electors at one
time in New York, and the next day in Penn-
sylvania, and the next day in Ohio. We have
heard of such things as colonizing voters—
not in Louisiana, of course. The Senator
from Louisiana will not understand me as
reflecting at all upon the purity of the ballot-
box in that State; bnt in other States we have
had intimations of illegal voting, and I sup-
pose one reason why a uniform time is fixed
for choosing electors of President and Vice
President throughout the United States is to
guard against anything of that kind in States
remote from Louisiana. _
We reverse the intention of the act of Con-
gress if we pass this bill; and I do not know
if we pass it but that we shall be called upon
to-morrow to pass a law that the election in
the State of New York shall take place on the
first Monday in November, or the same day as
in Louisiana; in Pennsylvania on the first
Tuesday after the first Monday of November,
or the first Wednesday. We set the example
that for political purposes one party or the
other that happens to_ be in power may fax
different days ia adjoining States.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator
allow me to make a suggestion to him?
When such a case as that is presented there
is no Senator in this body who would not con-
demn it instantly. This case is to bring both
elections on the same day, and not subject
the people of the State of Louisiana to the
expense of holding two elections on two
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is to bring the elec-
tion on a different day in Louisiana from what
it is in Mississippi and in Texas, and in all the
adjoining States to Louisiana. Ihat is what
this proposition does. The people of Louis-
iana have fixed a day for the election of
electors; the same day that election ^takes
place in the adjoining States and all the
States. But this is a proposition by act of
Congress to change the^ law of the State oi
Louisiana, and fix a different day for that
State.
Mr. WEST. I should like to ask the Senator
from Illinois a question. Could the people
of Louisiana have selected any other day than
the day they have on which to elect their
presidential electors, inasmuch as that is the
day fixed by act of Congress? They had to
do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They need not have
selected a day at all perhaps; but the only
authority Congress has over the subject ot
choosing electors is to fix the time. A ques-
tion may arise on the Constitution.^ The Con-
stitution in different portions of it uses the
words " time" and "times."^ In speaking of
the election of Representatives to Congress
the Constitution authorizes Congress to fix
"the times" of the election in the respective
States. But in speaking of the choice of
electors, the language is "Congress may de-
termine the time of choosing the electors.
That is all it can do.
Now, can it fix different times? Can it fix
the election on the first Monday of November
in Louisiana, and in October in Indiana?
Would it be competent for Congress to do that ?
I will not say that it could not do it; but I say
the language of the Constitution may well sug-
gest a doubt whether Congress could fix difrt-r
ent times in different States for the election of
electors; whether the word "time" is not
confined to a single time that must be unifm tn
throughout the United States. Congress
seemed so to regard it when they passed the
act of 1845 prescribing the time of choosing
electors in the respective States and made it
uniform. We know that the Legislature of
South Carolina was convened in extra session
for the purpose of choosing electors on the
very day fixed by the act of Congress, it being
supposed that they could not choose them at
any other time,' the electors in that State hav-
ing been ehosen previous to the war by the
Legislature and not by the people as in the
other States of this Union. This matter of
choosing electois, as we all know, was left en-
tirely to the Legislatures of the respective States
except in tire oiie pigment of appointing th.6
time when the election should take place.
Now, I understand the object of this bill to
be to relieve the people of Louisiana from
some little inconvenience. They think they
could vote more conveniently on Monday than
on Tuesday because they are holding an elec-
tion for other purposes on Monday, and that
it will incommode them somewhat if they have
to choose their presidential electors on lues-
day, inasmuch as they hold a Stale election
the day before. That is the only object of this
bill, I take it ; and if there was no public pol-
icy to be violated, if the example was not a
bad one to set, and it would add to the crn-
venience of the people of Louisiana, I should
be inclined to vote tor the bill. ^ e certainly
do not wish to incommode in any way the
people of that State, but I think it is a vicious
example to set to fix different days. _ _
The barne question, or one somewhat simi-
lar, arose ia regard to Texas, though it was
