362
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 4,
Ho. off Reps.
The Tariff—Mr. Griffith,
42d Coxg....2d Sjess.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. Twenty-one
miles.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Thank
you; twenty-one miiea that the St. Jo rail-
road does not own, that the Atchison and
Pike's Peak road does not own, the road now
called the Central Pacific, if I remember right.
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. Central branch
of the Pacific.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That the
central branch of the Pacific does not own,
over which the United States have no right to
run, over which the United States cannot com-
pel the carriage of a pound of freight or a man,
and upon which the United States have no
claim, which is a part of the road necessary to
carry out the intentions of the Government in
the grant. Therefore there is no continuous
road from the Missouri river in that direction
west, according to the provisions of thegrant.
Therefore, I hold as a lawyer, and I believe I
am right, and I wantt'batquestiondetermined—
not in a secret way in the Interior Depart-
ment—that question of fact and law I want
decided. Well, my friend says we will have it
decided. By whom? What law is there that
the United States can get into court upon on
that question after a decision by the Depart-
ment? The two railroads could get iu as against
each other, I grant. But they have made up
their little quarrel, and they have agreed to
divide the lands. They have put into the In-
terior Department the boundaries upon which
they have agreed on this division ; both are
satisfied, and. both are waiting to get rid of
the resolution now before us in order to com-
plete their champerty; that is exactly whatthey
are about. The question is now who shall
stand for the United States in this controversy
if the House of Representatives will not so do.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I would
like a little more time, by and by, and will
ask that the previous question be not sustained.
case, but that they are good citizens, distin-
guished for their intelligence, integrity, pub-
lic spirit, and all those qualities of head and
heart that make the man and patriot; that
they are devoted to their country and its institu-
tions, and are fully the equals, if not the supe-
riors, of those who on this floor constantly
malign and misrepresent them. In no proper
sense of that word are they monopolists who
are engaged in the various departments of
manufacturing industry, which ar.e free and
open alike to all their fellow-citizens, which
invite the capital and labor of all, and
offer the same return to the high and low.
To call them robbers and plunderers only
shows how reckless gentlemen are in the use
of words and reflects neither credit nor honor
on those who use the terms, and does no in-
jury to the objects of their attacks. I beg
leave, therefore, to remind honorable gentle-
men that such assertions and vile epithets are
not argument, will not influence the public
mind in their favor, nor make converts to
their free-trade theories. I present here for
the careful study and examination of these
gentlemen and the country, tables compiled
from the late census, that are a sure test of
national growth and development, the crucible
that separates the dross from the gold, from
which to test the soundness of their theory of
political economy. The first shows the popu-
lation and wealth of the State of Pennsylvania,
according to the returns of the United States
census of the years 1870, 1860, and 1850:
True value of
Population. real ctndper-
soiuil enlate.
$3,803,340,112
722,486,120
1,416,501,818
The Tariff.
SPEECH OP HON. SAMUEL GRIFFITH,
oe pennsylvania,
In the House of Representatives,
May 4, 1872.
Tho House having met for debate as iu Committee
of the Whole on the State of the Union—
Mr. GRIFFITH said:
Mr. Speaker: The question of national
finance—the public revenue—is one in which
all onr citizens do and ought to feel a very
deep and lively interest. The sources of that
revenue, the mode or manner of the assessment
and collection of the same, are questions of
deep import and consequence to any nation,
and the action of Congress on these subjects
must of necessity greatly affect the prosperity
and happiness of our people; therefore, we
should approach this discussion in the spirit
of candor, with a sincere desire to learn the
truth and follow its teachings whithersoever
they may lead us.
Ihe citizens of all the States of this Union
are equal, and are supposed to possess equal
intelligence, integrity, and patriotism—at least
such is the theory of our Government—and
although they are, and must from the neces-
sity of their situation, be moie or less influ-
enced and biased by their local interests, they
are, nevertheless, equally solicitous for and
devoted to the general progress and develop-
ment of their common country, and the per-
manent welfare and happiness of all the citi-
zens. It is, therefore, with deep regret I
have, during this discussion, heard honorable
gentlemen on this floor denounce citizens of
my own State as monopolists, robbers, and
plunderers, when I know that sack is not th^
1870 3,521,791
1X5!) 2 311,786
1860  2,906,215
The next table shows the population and
wealth of Crawford, Mercer, Venango, and
Clarion counties, (comprising the twentieth
congressional district of Pennsylvania,) ac-
cording to the returns of the United States
census of the years 1870 and 1860:
Population.
1860.
Crawford 48,755
Mcrccr   36,856
Venango 23,046
Clarion 24,988
1870.
63,832
49,977
47,925
26,537
True value of real and personal estate.
1860.
Crawford $20,547,975
Mercer  15,674,888
Venango  9,646,067
Clarion  8,435,651
1870 
1860 
Population.
 38,558,371
. ...31,143,322
Total .135,642 188,271
1870.
$17,772,070
32,767,560
30,004,430
12,786,020
Total $54,304,791 $123,330,980
These tables show such an unparalleled
increase of population, material wealth and
prosperity, that we may well be proud of our
old State; of her rich valleys, teeming with
agricultural products, her mountains of iron
and coal, and the energy, industry, and enter-
prise of her citizens, that have developed her
great and vast resources, and made her their
pride and boast, and I fear the envy of some
of her less enterprising and industrious neigh-
bors ; a Stale that has never failed in her
duty to the Union ; great in her past history,
in her present wealth and population, and far
greater still in her capabilities of future growth
and development.
That the House and country may see that
the prosperity of Pennsylvania is not excep-
tional, but that the same system of encour-
agement to home industry and national devel-
opment has had the same happy and won-
derful effect on the population, growth, and
development of the resources ot the entire
Republic, I here submit tables compiled from
the same source:
The following table shows the population
and wealth of the United States according to
the returns of the United States census of
the years 1870 and 1860 :
True valw- of
r. ai miff p'-r-
fif/ll ft I rotate.
lo,0b, 519,771
Including slaves estimated at uou.' ;00.
The following showa the exports to and im-
ports from foreign countries tor the fiusoal yeais
ending June 30, ISOi, and June 30, lbTl,
respectively:
E rpnrtx. Imports.
1861  8249.344,913 S3:;3,6".0,153
1871   590,978,550 541,493,70S
Thereturns of agriculture and manufactures,
not yet completed, are not given, but wiil show,
when out, a still greater growth and progress
These plain, simple, and uncontroverted
and uncontrovertible facts here exhibited, not-
withstanding our country suffered from a most,
fearful and devastating war during five years
of this period, are sufficient answer, and re-
fute all the books ever written 011 tree trade.
Here is no theory, no mere opinion, however
plausible, but great practical facts 011 which
a man, be he statesman, manufacturer, me-
chanic, farmer, or laborer, can rest safely, and
from which one conclusion only can be urawn—
a tariff for revenue and national development,
or including the encouragement and protec-
tion of national industry of every kind. But
the public revenues since the organization of
the Government under Washington have been
principally derived from a tariff or duties on
imports; and the legality and policy of this
mode cannot now be questioned, sanctioned as
they have been by all the statesmen of the
Republic. It is admitted that for brief periods
and under great exigencies recourse has been
had to a system of internal revenue, but only
for brief periods and under ;ery gieat exi-
gency have the American people ever tol-
erated it, and the return of public peace and
prosperity has always witnessed its abandon-
ment, and the return of the Government to the
old and time honored system. The assessors,
collectors, and supervisors of taxes, as well
as the spies and intormers, have never been
welcome visitors at the home of an American
citizen, and I sincerely hope that the day will
soon come when such are not known m our
land.
When the present system of internal reve-
nue was introduced, who denounced it as
infamous, unequal, unjust, and inquisitorial
so ably and so eloquently as the Democrats?
And now that its parents, the Republicans,
are becoming ashamed of it, and are expos-
ing its deformity, and almost willing to bury
it out of their sight, I sincerely hope no Dem-
ocrat will be found in this House willing to
defend it. Rather let our eloquent tiiend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] give it a
decent burial, and whatever of virtue or ex-
cellency it, may have possessed, commit all
that to the care and keeping of its legitimate
parents, but let 110 Democratic voice be heard
in its defense; let no Democratic vote be
given to perpetuate its infamies. The entire
system is foreign to our soil, alien to our free
people, and only tolerated from dire necessity.
For many years it was the proud boast of our
happy people that we had never known, had
never seen, the national tax-gatherer. May
that happy day soon return, never to leave us !
From the late annual message of the Presi-
dent, from the resolutions passed by this House
twice within a few months, from the resolu-
tions of the conventions of both parties, and
from the ott-repeated expressions of public
opinion, I take it to be the settled determina-
tion of our people that the entire internal reve-
nue system, with all its oppressions, infamies,
and injustice, must now be greatly modified
and reduced, and that its early and entire
