1310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
Mr. HAY. What I said was that the State
of Wisconsin has had more land grants than
her three sisters of the northwest territory—
Ohio, Indiana, aud Illinois.
Mr. SAWYER. You are mistaken in that.
. Mr. BANKS. I do not yield for this dis-
cussion. I do not suppose the gentleman from
Illinois [ Mr. Hay] is opposed to this bill be-
cause Wisconsin has got more land grants than
Illinois.
Mr HAY. No, sir; I oppose these grants
on principle. The Illinois land grants were
not given to any railroad corporation, but
were given to the State of Illinois by .the Fed-
eral Government, and if the State has squan-
dered them the fault lies with the State, and
not with this body.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. Now, Mr.
Speaker 
Mr. BANKS. I do not yield further to
this interruption. I want to know, when
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Hay] says
he is opposed to the principle and policy of
land grants, whether it is because Illinois has
never been largely benefited in this way?
Mr. HAY. No, sir. It is because it is a
robbery.
Mr. BANKS. I understand the gentleman.
I now wish to say a word to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania on the Democratic side of
the House, who threatens us with the con-
demnation of the people. Has Pennsylvania
never been touched by the beneficent spirit of
the ©eneral Government in aid of railways?
Does he remember when she drew out of the
Treasury of the United States the duties that
had been paid npon the railway iron—a deli-
cate subject I know—which she had used in
constructing her railways?
Mr. NEGLEY. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will confine his remarks to the
subject.
Mr. BANKS. 1 think I am following the
subject very closely. I want to say that there
Is no State, no portion of the country, that has
not been aided either by State or Federal legis-
lation in its endeavors to build up this system
of inland transportation whicli has made us
what we are, and without which, if we could
not establish it by other means, our harmoni-
ous system of States would lapse into the con-
dition of savage ttibes, and devote their time
and strength to lighting and destroying each
other.
Now, sir, when those corporations become
too great, we the people, the people that cre-
ated them, will regulate them. We can take
the telegraph system and the railway system
in our own hands and make this great neces-
sary right of transportation that which it
ought to be, a right in the interest, of the peo-
ple, instead of its being as it. is now, a system
of robbery and wrong, not only to private in-
dividuals but to the people's interests.
Let me say another word, and I commend
it to these Pennsylvania gentlemen, and I
think it appertains to this subject. This bill
makes no provision for the issue of bonds.
The people of Wisconsin will take these lands
to build this road; that is how it will be
appropriated; but if it goes to the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company, as it will go if we
do not pass this bill, it becomes ihe basis for
the issue of bonds which will be sold through
every part of the Republic, on the strength of
which the whole hard-saved earnings of men,
women, and children will bo swept up into the
treasury of the Northern Pacific Railroad
Company, and no road will be built. There
will be no redress by the Government and no
security to the people. Let me ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania if he thinks that
belongs to the consideration of this subject?
And that is the difference between this bill
and the corporation to which this land will
go if the House refuses to sustain the vote of
yesterday.
Mr, DUNNELL. I now yield for seven
minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Townsend.]
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, after what has been said by gentle-
men on both sides of this question, I shall
hardly want to occupy the time of this House
even for as long a time as has been allowed
me; but it appears to me that the speeches
of my friend from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson]
and of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. H.a,y]
have been unnecessarily inflammatory and
exciting. It would seem as if they have an
idea in their minds that we were about con-
summating a great land robbery. They appear
to be endeavoring to inculcate in the pub-
lic mind the apprehension that 'this House is
about perpetrating the greatest wrong, and
taking from the actual settlers of the western
country an opportunity of availing themselves
of the public lands under the present home-
stead policy. But I may say to the House
that in the present situation of things, with
the existing sentiment of the Committee on
the Public Lands, and the tone and temper
of this House, there is no danger of there being
any robbery of the public domain ; and that
the public mind may be assured that exor-
bitant land grants for any purpose have ceased
for the present. Before further movement in
that direction, we have paused to observe
whether wo have been wise or foolish in the
land-grant policy. Here we will stand for
the present, until we learn the result of our
former action.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson] has
told you that there are bills before the Com-
mittee on Public Lands that would grant
away two hundred million acres of the public
domaiu. If that be so, I do not know it; and,
as I have just said, I am well satisfied that
there is no present danger that a single acre
of the public territory is likely to be granted
away at this or any session of the present Con-
gress, unless it be for a mere right of way.
This is not a new question ; it is not a ques-
tion whether we will make a new grant of
public lands; it is only a question whether
we will extend to the State of Wisconsin the
same indulgence which we have extended to
the States of Minnesota, Iowa, Alabama, aud
half a dozen others of the laud States, of hav-
ing the time extended for the completion of
their railroads, when from unavoidable and
unforeseen circumstances, such as war or
financial disturbances, they have not been able
to carry out their design and avail themselves
of their grants.
Repeatedly have we granted to States an
extension of time, and the opportunity of
completing the roads for which the grants
were made. All that is asked by the State of
Wisconsin, when she comes here to-day with
the vote of three successive Legislatures solicit-
ing it, is to so extend the time as to give to
the company to which she has committed the
making of this road two or three years more
in which to carry out the law and complete the
road. Now if we refuse to do this, the people
will not bo benefited by their going back as
part of the public domain to bo sold hereafter.
The only and inevitable result will be that these
lands which may be refused to this road, which
is partly completed, will go to the Northern
Pacific railroad. That road will sweep down
along the lower end of Lake Superior with a
land grant something like eighty miles wide and
one hundred and twenty miles long across the
line of this road, and will take nearly all the
lands, or the equivalent of them, that it is pro-
posed by this bill to confirm to the road from
Lake St. Croix to Lake Superior.
I repeat it, there will be nothing saved to
the people by rejecting this bill. The only
result will be the taking them away from one
corporation having a small grant of two. or
three million acres and giving them to a giant
corporation that has already a land grant of
sixty million acres, worth, as it says in its cir-
culars, hundreds of millions of dollars. By the
defeat of this bill the people will not thereby
receive any further benefit from this land.
On the contrary, the men along the line of
this road, who have settled upon these lands
on the faith of the Government to allow this
road to be completed, will have a just claim
of reclamation against the Government. Two
hundred thousand acre.s of land have already
been located by actual settlers along the line
of the road. They have paid the maximum
price to the Government of S2 50 an acre.
If this land grant is not renewed, and the road
is not completed, they will have the equitable
right of reclamation which the Roclt River
Canal Company in 1848 claimed and obtained
from Congress, of having one half of the price
of that land, or $1 25 an acre, paid back tj
them. It will amount to taking from the
Treasury of the United States $250,000 in
money.
Again, the defeat of this bill will be an injury
to the actual settlers; it will take away from
them the opportunity to complete their im-
provements already begun; it will leave that
country still a wilderness; the settlements that
have already been commenced there, which
would be contributing to the wealth of Wis-
consin, will be retarded, and in all probability
will have to be abandoned for the want of an
opportunity of reaching a market, which would
be afforded if the road should be completed.
As this is not a new grant, but merely carry-
ing out the policy which has been so often
pursued by Congress, of extending grants
where unfavorable circumstances have inter-
fered and prevented roads from being com-
pleted, I think that the good faith of the coun-
try, the good faith of this Congress is pledged
that we should do to Wisconsin what we have
done to other States, and what we have done
for other railroads under similar circumstances.
Therefore it is that I hope the equity aud jus-
tice of the case, to which the honor of Con-
gress I consider is pledged, will be extended
to the State of Wisconsin, and that this bill
will pass.
Mr. DUNNELL. I now yield two minutes
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Nisuley] to make an explanation.
Mr. NEGLEY. I do not desire to make an
explanation. I desire two minutes to say a
few words. I do not want thf* time upon any
condition.
Mr. DUNNELL. Well, I yield to the gen-
tleman for two minutes, as he desires.
Mr. NEGLEY. The honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] for whom
I have the highest respect—and I yield to no
man upon this floor in acknowledgment of his
abilities, general fairness, and personal honor—
has taken occasion to travel far beyond the
limit of this debate and arraign the people of
Pennsylvania and the vice president of the
Pennsylvania railroad. Whether that will
benefit him or not, I question. But 1 desire
to say, having within the last few minutes had
a conversation with Mr. Scott, the vice presi-
dent of the Pennsylvania railroad, that I am
satisfied he is not antagonistic to this enter-
prise ; I am satisfied that he has not interfered
in regard to it. And when the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] makes an appeal
to this House in favor of the laboring classes
of t.his country, let me say to him that he could
not select a truer representative of their inter-
ests than Mr. Scott, who from a humble posi-
tion in life, a poor boy, has arisen until now
he stands befox'e the country honored among
men as an example of energy and skill, a
contributor to he wealth ot the country,
and a promoter of the public comfort and
convenience.
I am surprised that the gentleman should
resort, to such means to sustain this measure.
And as evidence that Colonel T. A. Scott has
not sought to influence me against this meas-
ures, and my convictiorf that he has not soughi
