3102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May flj
worse complicated there. Their election is
continued several days; and in the discussion
on the question as to the meaning of the word
"time" we came to the conclusion in the
Judiciary Committee that an election com-
mencing upon that day might be continued
until it was finished; that although the votes
ot' the electors must be cast on one day, the
Constitution, when it authorizes Congress to
fix tlie lime ot' choosing electors, does not
necessarily limit it to a dny; but it might be
extended over several days ; and we have
passed through the Senate—I do not know
whether the bill has passed the House or not—
a bill at this Sts-uon allowing the people ot'
Texas to continue until their election is fin-
ished, commencing, however, upon the day that
is umtorm throughout the United Slates, the
Tuesday after the first Monday in November.
It strikes me as questionable whether we
ou ht to pass this bill. I think the example
is a bad one ; and it seems to me the inconven-
ience m Louisiana would not be very great.
Members of Congress and State officers are
chosen on Monday, and therefore the neces-
sity of voting the next day will only apply to
electors, and it cannot be a very great incon-
venience.
Mr. CARPENTER. Ailow me to suggest
that the bin den of an election does not depend
upon how many men you are going to vote for,
but upon how many days you have to go to the
polls.
Mr. TEUMBULL. It might depend some-
what upon the number of officers to be elected.
The Senator knows it is veiy difficult to get
tlnougli with elections where many officers are
voted for.
Mr. CAUPESTEli. That is merely a mat-
ter as to the expense of piinting, because there
are so many tickets 10 be printed.
i he VICE PRESIDEN i\ The morning
hour hay expired and the Post Office appro-
priation bill is oetovu the Senate, on which
the Senator fiom Minnesota [Mr. Wikdom]
is with W to ilie floor.
Mr. CAM i:,IMIV I ask the Senator from
Minnesota to give way tor a moment until 1
liiak'1 a motion to lix the day forlukmg up the
hill 111 regard to the depot m this eity.
Mr. \\ i NI JO M. I wi 11 yield lor that purpose.
Mr. CAMLUON. 1 he Senator lrom Ver-
mont [Mr. Moitiuu/j and myself seem to be tn j
opposition on this subject and have agreed to !
ask the Senate to fix Wednesday for that pur-
pose. I make that motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
the Senator irom Vermont jus! left me and he
said he did not. wish to have this bill come on
until next week. There is a Senator absent
who desiics to take part in the diseus^ion.
Mi. CAMEUON. Ii the Senator from Ver-
mont has said so 
Mr. SUMNER. He said so to me not a
minute ago.
Mr. CAMERON. Then he has not said to
you what he said to me; and 1 ask the Senate
to take the vole on my motion.
The VtGE PRES1DEN 1'. The Post Office
appropriation bill is befoxe the Senate, and
tlm Senator lrom Minnesota is entkied lo the
tioor, but lie yielded to allow this prouosuion
to he propounded. '1 here appears to be ob-
jection. lho Post Office upprourintion bill is
m I he way of any other business being trans-
acted, iniles-i it m laid aside.
Mr. KELLOGG. I appeal to the Senator
from Minnesota to consent that the appropii-
ation bill be laid aside until a vote is had on
the Louisiana bill.
th ft> 1 have no r'sllt t0 consent
that it be laid aside.
Air. KELLOGG. I ask leave, then, to
make a motion thai tins bill be passed over
informally.
Mr. WINDOAI. If the Senator can obtain
a vote immediately on his bill, I will yield for
that purpose; but ii it is for discussion I must
insist on the regular order.
J Mr. KELLOGG. I do not think it will
i lead to discussion.
j _ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
trom Minnesota will state whether he yields
or not.
Mr. WIND Oil. I do not yield the floor
unless a vote can be taken on the measure
which has been under discussion. If that
can be done, I will yield ; otherwise, not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] was entitled to
the floor on the election hill when the morn-
ing honr expired. If he yields the floor, and no
other Senator rises, the Chair will submit the
question to the Senate. The amendment of
the Committee on Privileges and Elections will
be regarded as agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CASSERLY. Air. President, I wish to
say something about this bill 
Mr. WINDOAI. I do not yield for discus-
sion.
The VICE _ PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California has risen to debate the bill,
and the Senator from Minnesota withdraws
his consent.
Air. IvELLQG G. I move, then, to postpone
the Post Office appropriation bill.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
trom Minnesota is upon the floor upon the
Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. WINDOAI. I cannot yield for that
purpose.
Air. CARPENTER. Let me appeal to my
friend from Alinnesota to yield for the purpose
of taking the sense of the Senate on the ques-
tion. There cannot be any debate on the
piopositiou to lay the appiopiiation bill oil the
table. Let us vote on that. That will test
the question.
Mr. WINDOAI. I will yield to test the
sense of the Senate.
Air. KELLOGG. I move that the Post
Office appropriation bill be hud on the table.
The motion was not agreed to, there being,
on a division—ayes 17, noes 23.
Mr. KELL0GG._ I give nonce that as soon
as this appropriation bill is disposed of, I
shall call up the Louisiana election bill.
POST OFFICK APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust the Senator from
Alinnesota will give way for a momeut.
Air. W 1ND0AI. I will yield to a division
of the Senate on the motion of the Senator
lrom Pennsylvania, if the yeas and nays are
not to be asked for.
Air. CAAIERON. I shall not ask for the
yeas and nays. I will say to the Senate that
the Laltimore and Potomac railroad is now
nearly completed from Baltimore. It will be
finished within a week, but the company have
no depot here. This question has been betore
the Senate a long wnile, and we can just as
well decide H now as at any other time. I do
not want to debate it; but let us fix next
Wednesday to_ dispose of it, or if you like 1
will take Wednesday night. The company
have spent six or seven million dollars for
the benefit of this city ol Washington, and
must have a depot when the road is finished.
Everybody is interested in that question.
All. POMEROY. Say Wednesday ni ht.
Air. WINDOM. I do not yield to any dis-
cussion of the merits.
Air. AIORRIEL, of Vermont. I do not pro-
pose to ask anything for my personal conven-
ience.^ I am ready as £±r as I am concerned
that tno question should come up at any time.
1 shall object to any evening session for it,
because I desire that the Senate shall know
the Jacts in relation to this matter fully, and
it will take at least a day to have it understood
by the Senate. This road was incorporated
as long ago as 1867, and they have just got
along here, and they have had some four or
five different acts of Congress, and had a depot
once established and had the alternative of
two or three different places, and I desire to
have full time to show what was done. Bui
I expect that we shall melt down on this ques-
tion like pewter before a blow-pipe. | sup.
pose the bill is to pass, but I intend that the
Senate shall fully understand the questioa
before the vote is taken.
Air. DAVIS, of West Virginia, rose.
Air. WIND Oil. I do not yield for further
discussion.
Mr. SUAINER. Can this be considered
except by unanimous consent?
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly not,
in the present state of affairs; the Post Office
appropriation bill is still in the way, the Sea-
ate having refused to lay it on the table.
Mr. SUAINER. 1 feel that the Senate is
not in a condition to fix the time now.
Air. CAMERON. Now, Air. President, I
will make another motion, which I suppose I
have the right to make, and I do it with great
reluctance. It is that we postpone the Post
Office appropriation bill.
Air. W1ND0M. I believe I have the floor.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Alinnesota is entitled to the floor for five
miuutes under the rules if he insists on it.
Air. WINDOAI. I cannot yield for the
motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
No. 1070) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the
year ending June 30, 1873, is before the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment in regard
to the Brazil service.
Mr. STEWART. Now I want to ask a
good-natured thing of the Senator from Min-
nesota.
Mr. WINDOAI. I cannot do any more
good-natured things.
Mr. STEWART. Let him hear what ifc id.
I^want to have a vote on Senate bill No. 522.
Nobody here wants to debate it.
Mr. WINDOM. My good nature is suffi-
cient to authorize it, but the good nature of
the Senate would be exhausted if I should
yield any farther.
Mr. STEWART. I think we can risk the
good nature of the Senate to let it be voted oil.
Mr. WINDOM. The Senator can get the
floor after my five minutes have expired. If
in order, F desire to modify the substitute
which I offered on Saturday from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, by inserting after
the word uthereafter," and before the word
provided," what is written upon the paper
I send to the Secretary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, desires to modify the committee's
amendment. If there is no objection he will
be authorized to modify it as reported by the
committee, it still being pending, and will ba
read.
The Chief Clerk. After the word " there-
after," in line twenty-eight, it is proposed to
insert:
Provided, That the contract herein authorized
shall commence on tho 1st day of October, 1873, and
shall be awarded to the lowest responsible buldor
alter sixty days' public notice, and the Postmaster
ueneral is hereby authorized and directed, pending
the commencement of tho contract lor permanent
service, to arrange temporarily with the present
contractors for the additional monthly service at
the rate of s>3U0,0U0 per annum thereafter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair un-
derstands that the amendment submitted by
the Senator from Minnesota was offered by
hirn as a Senator, so that he has a right to
modify it. The question is on his amendment
as modified.
Mr. WINDOM. This bill has been before
the Senate several days, and I know that the
benate is very anxious to dispose of it. My
own anxiety to conclude it prevented my even
taking the five minutes allotted to me on Sat-
urday, and I do not now desire to occupy mora
than two or three minutes. I tried to answer
on Saturday evening the objection made to
