1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi.
363
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Griffith.
Ho. of Reps.
extinction is destined soon to arrive. I am aire
no good citizen will regret when that day
occurs. If I am correct in this opinion, then
we cannot look much longer to the internal
revenue to supply the national Treasury, and
we must rely on the tariff, customs duties on
imports; and to this I wish to call theattentiou
of the House and our people.
i shall not attempt to discuss the various
provisions of the bill reported from the com-
mittee nor the substitute of the minority. That
has been ably done already by gentlemen who
are familiar with the subject, and will receive
further attention when passed upon by the
House. My object is simply to declare my
own views, and give the rule that will govern
my vote on this subject; and I would here say
that the repeal of the duty on tea and coffee
meets my entire approbation, and that I shall
vote for the repeal of all duties on like articles
which are used by our people, and which do
not come in competition with home products,
because such a duty is a tax on the common
necessaries of our people, not on luxuries, with-
out any incidental advantage to any class of
the community, and ought not to have beeu
imposed.
Articles the growth and product of foreign
countries, which are not luxuries, and which
are consumed or used by our people in the
various branches of manufacturing industry,
and are not produced, should be admitted duty
free, and that for the express purpose of en-
coui aging native industry and the development
ot the exhaustless material resources of this
vast country, and thus securing to the people
such advantages m all the departments and
branches of manufacturing industry as would
enable them to compete successfully with all
for the markets of the world. This is now, and
has been for years, the policy of England, and
this policy has given her control of these mar-
kets and enabled her to expel her rivals,
while we have taxed heavily such articles, and
have suffered the consequences in a lack of
ability to compete with her. This is a very
important change in our present tariff, which
the wants of industry and public opinion
demand, and which the present condition of
the national Treasury wonld justify. Such an
increase ot the free list would, of course, tem-
porarily diminish the customs revenues, but
that would soon be more than made up from
the great impetus given to business, and cor-
responding increase thereof, and the increase
of duties lrom the same, and it would relieve
many persons and branches of active industry
from a burden that affords no corresponding
advantage or benefit, to any one. On all other
iiiiicles, whether the products of the soil or
manufactured fabrics ot any kind, which come
in competition with articles produced or made
here, I" would levy such duties as would secure
ample revenue for all the purposes of Govern-
ment honestly and economically administered.
This would secure all the encouragement and
protection our people require or desire, and
would insure such a degree of national growth
and mateiiai progress and development as
would soon make us the leading nation in
manufactures and commerce, as well as in
agriculture.
In regard to the mode of levying the tariff,
the percentage or rate of duty and other mat-
ters of detail, these I do not propose to discuss.
Oil the f-ubject of encouraging home manu-
factures I beg to quote from the able paper
of Alexander Hamilton on that subject, sent
to Congress, and found in the works of Ham-
ilton, volume three, pages 205 and 206.
The reasons there given are that they sccure
and piomote—
1. The division of labor.
2. An extension of the use of machinery.
3. Additional employment to classes of the
community not ordinarily engaged in the busi-
ness.
4. The promotion of emigration from foreign
countries.
5. The famishing greater seope for the
diversity of talents and dispositions which
discriminate men from each other.
6. The affording a more ample and various
field for enterprise.
7. The creating in some instances a new, and
securing in all a more certain and steady de-
mand for the surplus produce of the soil.
As evidence that the American people early
in their history adopted these views of Ham-
ilton, (then Secretary of the Treasury under
Washington,) and that our First Congress
acted on them, I would refer honorable gentle-
men and the country to the preamble of the first
tariff act, passed July 4, 1789. (Statutes-at-
Large, vol. 1, page 24.) It is in these words:
" Whereas it is necessary for the support of Gov-
ernment, for the discharge of the debts of the Uni-
ted States, and the encouragement and protection
of manufactures, that duties be laid on goods, wares,
and merchandises imported."
Here we have the principles and policy
adopted by Washington and the other good
and great men who organized and established
this Government, who certainly never have
been excelled in knowledge of government
and the true principles of economic science—
in wisdom in council, or patriotism and de-
votion to the general welfare; and now, after
more than eighty years of experience by our
people, and discussion of this subject by the
leading minds of this and other countries, who
has arisen to successfully controvert these
principles or policy? The preamble expresses
in clear and unequivocal terms the objects
desired, namely, the support of Government,
discharge of national debts, and the encourage-
ment and protection of manufactures, as well
as the means to be used to accomplish the
objects desired, namely, duties to be laid on
goods, wares, and merchandises imported into
the country ; and these are the objects that
now engage our deliberation and the public
mind, and we should adopt the samo means
for the accomplishment of the same ends; then
will our deliberations be of some practical
good to the public, otherwise not.
Mr. Speaker, I am aware that we have been
invited by honorable gentlemen, our free-
trade friends in this House, to examine and
imitate the fiscal system of Great Britain and
other European countries and adopt their free-
trade tariffs. We are told that Great Britain
levies all or most of her customs duties on a
few articles, such as tea, coffee, tobacco, but
none on iron, steel, cotton, and woolen goods,
and other manufactured fabrics; but they have
been very careful not to tell us or their con-
stituents that Great Britain imports none of
the latter articles, but is a large exporter of
them, supplying the world from her furnaces,
rolling-mills, cotton and woolen mills. Will
they inform this House what articles, products
of the soil or manufactured, that come in com-
petition with her own articles, and of which
she has or can produce a sufficient supply,
are or have been admitted dutyfree? Notone.
And why? Because they would come in com-
petition with home or native products. So also
of all other European countries. Then why pre-
sent Great Britain as an example of free trade
for America to imitate, where protection has
governed for more than three hundred years,
and where every concession made to freedom
of trade has been in the interest of protection
of her manufactures, and where protection
rules at present? In support of this opinion
I refer the House to an authority that my free
trade friends will recognize. The report of
Hon. David A. Wells, Special Commissioner of
the Revenue, for 1868, who, in his report made
to this House, January 5, 1869, on pages 23 and
24, uses the following language under the cap-
tion of " Recognition of the Protective System
in Europe:"
"Again, a careful study of the financial systems of
the various commercial nations of Europe has led
the Commissioner unhesitatingly to the conclusion
that whatever may bo the state of European publio
opinion in respect to free trade, and whatever may
bo the claims preferred foriton thebroad grounds of
liberality and humanitarianism, thefiscal legislation
of Great Britain,. Franoe, Germany, Belgium, Hol-
land, Austria, and Russia is now, antl always has
been, framed solely and exclusively with reference
to one object, namely, the promotion of supposed
national self-interest, and has never had the slightest
regard to tho interest of any other nation, or to any
arguments other than those based upon specifio
national wants and specific national experiences.
"Thus, the policy of Great Britain, which exempts
eapital employed in manufacturing and banking
from all diroct taxation under the exoise, and all
raw materials imported from foreign countries from
all taxation under tho customs, although not so
termed, is undoubtedly protection in its most sub-
tile and effective form, and as such has been recog-
nized and commented on by the French economists,
inasmuch as it permits the British manufacturer to
apply the largest amount of home labor tothesmall-
est value of raw material under such oonditions as
enable him to place his finished product in all for-
eign markets at the lowest possible cost. Any other
policy than free trade at present in Great Britain
would, by enhanoing the cost of food and raw mate-
rial, inevitably swoli tho cost of manufacturing ,^ind
thus result to the direct benefit of the foreign com-
petitor.
" rXhe above observation also holds true in respect
to the unquestionably inhuman policy of Belgium,
which refuses to restrict the labor of women and
children in its coal mines and iron-works, for the
openly admitted reason that such restriction, by
diminishing the supply and enhancing the cost of
labor, would expose too seriously its manufactures
to British and other competition.
" If we turn next to France, we shall find that
protection, besides being recognized as a principle
in tho determination of taxes on imports, manifests
itself even more conspicuously in other forms; as,
for oxample, in the regulation by Government of
railroad freights on coal and iron, and in the obsta-
cles which aro officially placed in the way of oper-
atives changing their employment without thecon-
sentof their employers.
" In tho new tariff of the Zollveroin, (June. 1868,)
although its rearrangement on a very low percent-
age of duties is claimed as a triumph of free trale,
it is to bo noted that especial care has been taken to
largely and progressively increase the rates on tho
importation of all articles the domestic manufacture
of which it is considered by Prussia as desirable to
promote and foster.
" Now, if these premises are correct, it is evident
that however much regard may be professed by tho
nations referred to for philosophio theory, their
fiscal legislation is essentially framed in accordance
with what seems to them to be the dictates of solf-
interest; and, in fact, it may well bo doubted
whether in modern times any financial legislation,
oven under its most favorable conditions, can or
ought to recognize any other principle than that of
enlightened selfishness. Such selfishness, however,
does not necessarily imply iiliberality ; for experi-
ence in both publio and private transactions suffi-
ciently proves that exchanges are likely to be tho
most extended and most profitable when a mutuality
of interest between the parties concerned is fairly
regarded."
These extracts from the great light of free
trade establish the fact beyond controversy
that "the fiscal legislation of Great Britain,
Francs, Germany, Belgium, Hollan'd, Austria,
andHussiaisnow, and always hasbeen, framed
solely, and exclusively with reference to one
object, namely, the promotion of supposed
national self-interest, and has never had the
slightest regard to the interest of any other
nations or to any arguments other than those
based upon specific national wants and spe-
cific national experiences," and that her appa-
rent concession to free trade "is undoubted-
ly protection in its most subtile and effective
form." Further this report declares "any
other policy than free trade at present in Great
Britain would, by enhancing the cost of food
and raw material, inevitably swell the cost of
manufacturing, arid thus result to the direct
benefit of the foreign competitor." And this
is the nation—where capital is had at three per
cent., where wages are low and machinery of
the best and most approved kind, where high
tariffs have existed till she can control the
markets of the world—to which we are invited
to open our ports and permit her fabrics to
