¥
1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8103
this amendment as it comes from the commit-
tee, which is that it provides treble pay for
double service ; but I do not know that I made
.myself understood; and I will try it again. I
„insist that it does not even give to this com-
pany double pay for double service. Under
the existing law, Brazil pays $150,000 a year
and the American Government $150,000, mak-
ing §300,000 per annum for monthly service.
If this amendment be adopted, we shall have
semi-monthly service, and during the exist-
ence of the present contract the company will
receive double pay or $600,000 per annum for
the double service; but at the end of the
existing contract Brazil will cease to pay
the $150,000, and for the next seven years
which it has to run the company will get but
$450,000 for double service. They now get
$300,000 for monthly service, and for seven
years provided for in this bill they will per-
form the double service for $450,000, or an
increase of only fifty per cent, of the present
pay which they receive, making only fifty per
cent, increase in pay for seven years for one
hundred per cent, increase in service.
Now, Mr. President, I should like, if my
time and the patience of the Senate would
permit, to answer some of the arguments pre-
sented on this subject. It has been stated by
several Senators that the vessels which we
provide for the construction of by this amend-
ment are not fit and never can be made fit for
the naval service of the country. Let me
refer to the report of the Secretary of the
Navy made in 1869 on that subject, in which
he uses this language:
" There is another element of defense against the
time of danger, perhaps as effective as any other,
available to wise and liberal statesmanship. Na-
tions, like men, hesitate to attack those who are
prepared to do them seiious injury, and in the
means of destruction aggression is otten found the
surest defense against all who have anything to
lose. Such means would be at hand, if we had lines
of ocean-going steamers established, running out
of our ports in the peaceful pursuit of commercial
enterprise, but carrying our own flag and available
to our Government in time of need.
" The attention of thoughtful men has been much
directed to this subject, and all are looking to the
national Government for encouragement."
" It will not become me to discuss in this report
the many arguments of national prosperity and
pride which press the subject upon us, but I may be
permitted to urge it as an important element of
national safety. In support ot this view, I call
attention to the fact that there are now running
from the ports of New York, Boston, and Baltimore
for those of Europe, over sixty powertul screw
steamers, averaging nearly tnree thousand tons
each. These steamers, carrying the English, and
French, and German tl.igs, are most ot them, the
results of wise liberality on the part of their respect-
ive Governments, and they now absorb a very large
proportion of the carrying trade across the Atlantic.
Tlicir average time m crossing to and fro, in all
weathers, is not more than eleven days. Anyone
ot them could be quickly converted into an efficient
and powertul ship-of-war, capable of carrying fall
sail power and keeping the sea for any length of
time. Here, then, is a heavy tonnage of possible
war vessels, larger than that of our whole Navy, on
the 1st of J anuury, 1868.
"Had our mercantile marine possessed such lines
at the breaking out of the latewar, we mightinstead
of permitting the rebels to introduce a vast amount
oi war material before we could collect the means to
prevent it, have quickly closed every southern port.
"A comparatively small lorce of this kind appro-
priately armed and let loose on the ocean, under the
command of bold and intelligent ollicers, would bo
a dangerous toe to the commerce of any country.
Our own was substantially driven from the seas by
two or three rough'y equipped vessels, much inferior
in power to those of which I luve spoken. Thus it
will be seen that, in giving up this tield to the occu-
pation of other nations, and yielding to them the
commercial advantages which natuially belong to
our own position and resources, we at the same time
relinquish our own weapons, and arm our possible
enemies.
"We are looking with confidence for a large increase
in the commerce of the East, which will require a
corresponding increase m tne present means ol rapid
transportation on both oceans; and, in the interest
simply of the naval establishment, and of so much
of the national defense as depends upon it, I earn-
estly urge that measures betaken at this juncture
to induce our own merchants and ship-builders to
enter into this field of enterprise.
Inducements should beheld out to those who are
willing to undertake it to build steamers on plans
approved by the Kavy Department, subject, in case
of necessity, to be taken by the Government at an
appraised value.
'' ^°,8e on the routebetween California and Japan
should be able at all times to protect themselves
against pirates and privateers, and all should be of
a class available m war.
" I do not, oi course, suggest any particular plan
on this subject, and I speak of it only to show how
much the naval establishment, in common with
every other national interest, will be affected by its
proper solution."
I call the attention of the Senate again to
the sworn statement of the highest naval offi-
cer of this Government. I think the Senator
from Iowa, [ Mr. Harlan,] the Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Bccetncham,] and the Sen-
ator from New Jersey [Mr. Fmlikgiiuysen]
also, although I am not certain as to the lat-
ter, have all asserted their opinion that these
vessels are worthless for the Navy. On the
investigation of this subject by the committee
of the House, to which I referred a few days
since, the chairman asked this question of
Admiral Porter:
" I understand you to say that if we had, at the
commencement ot our late war, thirty such vessels
as you speak of—the best European steamers—they
would have been as efficient as was our entire Navy?
"Admiral Porter. Twice as efficient; I say that
without any hesitation."
Again;
"Mr. Jcdd. If the Government should enter upon
this system of subsidies, how would it affect naval
estimates ?
"Admiral Porter. It would save the Govern-
ment millions of dollars in case of war, because I
do not want better ships than those steamships are;
and then they are kept in order all the time."
Again, in the same examination, the chair-
man inquires:
" How much would the Government have saved
directly, in cost, if it had had thirty or forty of the
class ot vessels that you speak of, and could have
brought them into use at once ?
"Admiral Porter. The Government would have
saved thirty or forty millions right off, because we
run into agood many wild schemes in building ves-
sels."
Now, Mr. President, here is the testimony
of the Secretary of the Navy and the highest
naval officer of this Government, that these
vessels are more efficient for naval purposes
than are our present naval vessels. I present
the sworn testimony of the Secretary of the
Navy and Admiral Porter as an offset to the
statements of those who have given their
opinion that these vessels are worthless.
But, sir, I have been somewhat surprised in
the discussion of this question at the position
taken by certain gentlemen to whom I always
look with a great deal of reverence for in-
struction upon great national questions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
five minutes have expired.
Mr. NYE and others. Let him go on.
Mr. WINDOM. No ; I do not desire, if
nobody else will, to transgress the rule.
Mr. CAMERON. I rose to make a motion
in regard to the depot bill, but will give way
to the Senator.
Mr. WINDOM. I will not myself trangress
the rule.
Mr. CAMERON. I make the motion again
that the Senate fix Wednesday next for the
consideration of the depot bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless by unani-
mous consent, that motion cannot be enter-
tained. The Post Office appropriation bill
may be laid on the table for the purpose of
taking up the railroad bill with the view of
having a day fixed for its consideration.
Mr. CAMERON. I make that motion for
that purpose only.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to lay the appro-
priation bill on the table for the purpose indi-
cated by him.
Mr. SHERMAN. Have the Senator from
Vermont and the Senator from Pennsylvania
agreed as to the time when that bill shall be
considered ?
Mr. CAMERON. We made an agreement
on Friday that there should be a day fixed
to-day, and this morning one agreed that it
should be Wednesday, I believe he has changed
his opinion since.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator ,
is mistaken in supposing that I agreed upon
Wednesday. I have no objection to it myself,
but there are certain Senators who are absent
who desire to be present, when this debate shall
come off'. The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thur-
man] particularly desires to be here when the
bill is to be considered. Any flay will be
agreeable to me that will be agreeable to the
Senate. I had supposed that we might have
some business more important than this bill
that would occupy the Senate for two or three
days to come. Still I do not object to any
time that the Senate may fix.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This colloquy
is by unanimous consent, as the motion to lay
upon the table is not debatable.
Mr. BOREMAN. Does not this motion
require unanimous consent?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
to lay the Post Office appropriation bill upon
the table, the Senator from Pennsylvania
having given notice that if it is laid upon the
table he will then move to take up the Balti-
more and Potomac railroad bill for the pur-
pose of fixing a time for its consideration.
The question now is on laying the Post Office
appropriation bill upon the table to allow him
to make the subsequent motion of which he
has given notice.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope it will not be laid
upon the table.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes eleven.
Several Senators. Give it up.
Mr. CAMERON. I give it up for the pres-
ent; but I give notice that I shall make the
motion on all fitting occasions.
Mr. STEWART. Now I ask that there
may be a vote taken on Senate bill No. 522.
It will take no time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will re-
quire unanimous consent.
Mr. STEWART. If there is debate or
delay upon it I will not press it. I think it
can be disposed of in less than five minutes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada asks unanimous consent to take
the vote now on the bill in regard to the sale
of coal lands, which has been several times
debated in the Senate. Is there objection to
that proposition?
Mr. NORWOOD. I object. The Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Robertson] has
some amendments to offer to that bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are now
pending.
Mr. NORWOOD. He is not here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ments offered by the Senator from South Car-
olina are now pending. This proposition is
to vote.
Mr. NORWOOD. I object, as he is absent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Georgia objects in consequence of the
absence of the Senator from South Carolina.
The question now recurs on the amendment
of the Senator from Minnesota as modified,
which he has just explained, to the Post. Ofliee
appropriation bill.
Sir. WEST. Perhaps that may not bo
clearly understood by the Senate, and I
merely desire to say that the principal objec-
tion which was urged to this contract, when ll
was debated on Saturday was that the sum
proposed to be paid was too much. This pro-
vision is the same provision that was incor-
porated in regard to the line to China and
Japan, that it shall be left open to public bid-
ding, that the Postmaster General shall adver-
tise for contracts. That is the question upon
which the Senate is now to vote; so that if'
the business can be done for less it will be.
Mr. CHANDLER. Let .the amendment
again be reported.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the whole amendment as modified.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to
amend the amendment on page 7, section
four, hue twenty six, by striking out "four
