4000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
Finance was to strike out section twenty-one,
in the following words :
Sec. 21. That section one of the act of April 10,
1869, be amended by striking oat the last clause of
said section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out sec-
tion [twenty-three] twenty-one, from line one
to line thirty-eight, inclusive, in the following
words:
Sk,c. [23] 21. That schedule B of section one hun-
dred and seventy of the act of June 30,1864, and
all acts and parts of acts amendatory thereof, be
amended by striking out the following words:
" Agreement or contract, other than domestic and
inland bills of lading, and those specified in this
schedule; any appraisement of value or damage,
or for any other purpose; for every sheet or piece
of paper upon which either of the same shall be
written, five cents: Provided, That if more than one
appraisement, agreement, or contract shall be writ-
ten upon one sheet or piece of paper, five cents for
each and every additional appraisement, agreement,
or contract:" .
"Bank check, draft, or order for the payment of
any sum of money whatsoever, drawn upon any
bank, banker, or trust company, or for any sum
exceeding ten dollars drawn upon any other person
or persons, companies or corporations, at sight or on
demand, two cents.'*
Also by strikingout the following words:
" Lease, agreement, memorandum, or contract for
the hire, use, or rent of any land, tenement, or por-
tion thereof, where the rent or rental value is $300
per annum, or less, fifty cents; "
" Where the rent or rental value exceeds the sum
of $300 per annum, for each additional $200, or frac-
tional part thereof in excess of $300, fifty cents."
And inserting in lieu thereof the words:
" Lease, agreement, memorandum, or contract for
the hire, use, or rent of any land, tenement, or por-
tion thereof, where the rent or rental does not
exceed $500, fifty cents; "
""Where the lent or rental exceeds $500, and does
not exceed $1,000, one dollar;''
" And for every Additional S500 or fractional part
thereof in excess of $1,000, titty cents."
And schedule C, in said section, bo amended by
striking out so much thereof as levies a tux on and
provides tor the stamping ot Iriction matches.
And to i.isert in lieu thereof the following;
That on and after the 1st day of October, A. I).
1872, all the taxes imposed by stamps under and by
virtue of schedules "B"and " C." of section one
hundred and seventy of the act of June 30,1864, and
all acts and parts of acts amendatory thereof be,
and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I have an
amendment which I desire to offer before Ihe
question is taken on striking out and insert-
ing. I propose to amend the matter proposed
to be inserted by preceding ifrwith the follow
ing words:
That so much of schedule C as levies a tax and
provides for the stamping of friction matches is
hereby repealed, to take effeot July 1,1872; and.
My object is to provide for the repeal of the
stamp tax upon matches on the 1st of July,
instead of, as is provided in the amendment, the
1st of October. I believe the idea has gone
out that this repeal would be made, and the
dealers in matches in anticipation of the re-
peal of this tax have been reducing the amount
of their stocks on hand. Now, if the provision
proposed by the committee is adopted by the
Senate, it compels them to reduce the amount
of their business in anlicipation of this repeal,
thus lengthening the time. I think itwould be
injustice to those dealing in this article.
In support of this amendment I will state
that I have received dispatches frotn dealers in
Chicago and other places recommending that
this amendment be made, that the repeal take
effect on l he 1st of July instead of next Octo-
ber. I hope tlie amendment will prevail.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think this amendment
is an evidence of the selfishness of human na-
'ture. We have provided for the repeal of the
stamp tax on everything to take effect on the
1st of October; but for the special benefit of
the mannfaeturers of matches we have pro-
vided that if they have any stamps on hand on
the 1st of October, or any articles upon which
they have attached stamps, we will redeem the
stamp and refund to them what they have lost by
attaching the stamps on the article. These
stamps are scattered all over the country, not
only m the hands of wholesale dealers but, of
retail dealers.
Now, if we make the act take effect on the
1st of .Tuly, we tax some poor fellow on a
gross or two of matches who has paid $1 44
a gross, and he "will lose that, and he will feel
that he has been injured by it. While we
provide for refunding to the manufacturer the
value of the'stamps he has on hand unused,
we cannot provide for the multitude of deal-
ers all over this country. It is de minimis.
Therefore we have postponed the taking effect
of this part of the act until the 1st of October,
so that all the dealers will have a chance to
sell their matches and have an opportnuity to
buy a new supply at the cheapest rates. It
seems to me this is rather a selfish move on
the part of the manufacturers and wholesale
dealers in matches, because, if this amend-
ment prevails, on the 1st of July every man
who has a single box of matches, or from one
box up to fifty gross, will suffer the loss of the
amount he has paid for stamps on the matches
on hand. They will be brought in competi
tion directly with the matches that have paid
no tax. The committee examined the matter
and postponed the taking effect of the stamp
portion of the act until the 1st of October, so
as to allow the stamps on hand to be absorbed.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from Ohio
quoted half the maxim, but he wishes to apply
it to a wrong. It is de minimis non curat lex.
He wants the law to take care of these very
small things, which is not the spirit of the
maxim. These little fellows in the country
have taken very good care of themselves. An-
ticipating the removal by Congress of the
stamp taxes, the stocks of the retailers through
the country have been reduced to the slender-
est proportions. They have been awaiting
this action which has been anticipated, and I
am informed by the manufacturers that the
stocks which they have been compelled to
keep on hand have been swollen to an enorm-
ous extent, enough to distress them exceed-
ingly and to make some action by Congress
either in favor of the immediate abolition or
the absolute retention of the tax essential for
their existence almost.
The amendment of the committee provides
for the repayment by the Government of the
money paid for unused stamps aud stamped
paper in sums of ten dollars. Where there
shall be stamps unused in the very diminutive
amounts mentioned by the Senator from Ohio
they can be clubbed together by the parties
and returned to the manufacturer, who then
can cause the redemption to himself. There
will be in reality no comparative hardship in
making this law take effect on the 1st of July;
nothing that will compare to what will result
from extending it to the 1st of October. The
extension will produce constant embarrass-
ment, because the stocks of the manufacturers
will be kept up and the stocks of the retail deal-
ers will be kept small and the trade will be
paralyzed until the 1st of October by the ex-
tension. The sooner the repeal takes effect
the better. The stocks now out, as I am as-
sured, are so small that they will all be con-
sumed by the 1st of July, or very nearly all,
whereas if it is postponed until October you
have the paralysis of. constant doubt resting
upon the trade until that time shall come.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Dela-
ware has stated this case so fully, as it is ex-
plained to me, that I have nothing to add to
what he says, with perhaps one very minute
exception. The Senator stated that the stamps
on the matches now stamped could be lumped
and returned to the manufacturer, and then
the manufacturer, under the provisions of the
bill, would receive compensation for his
stamps. 1 wish to amplify that for one mo-
ment by reminding the Senate that there is no
mode of identifying matches. Match men,
like the rest of us, take care of their own in-
terest. Their- stocks, as the Senator says, are
very slender ; hut the large dealers have large
stocks in hand. How are we going to know
whether they are there upon actual purchase
from the manufacturer, or upon such terms as
that they can be taken back to the manufac-
turer, so that under the bill he will reeeive
ten dollars at one time compensation for all
his stamps ?
Therefore I submit that the Senator from
Delaware is warranted in all that he has said,
and that in view of the argument made by the
Senator from Ohio there can be no objection
to fixing this repeal to take effect on the 1st
of July. I cannot see how the Government is
to lose anything at all; but I do see inevitable
inconvenience to be inflicted upon match
manufacturers, .match venders, and match con-
sumers by letting it stand until the 1st of Octo-
ber. Therefore I shall vote for the amendment
of my honorable friend from Michigau.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I do not deny
the fact stated by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance that this is a selfish inter-
est. That verifies the declaration made by
the chairman in the progress of this bill, that
a tariff measure is a struggle for private inter-
ests. I believe the object of the committee,
at least the object of the Senate, is to pro-
tect all these interests so far as may not con-
flict wi'th the interest of the Government.
Just exactly as my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] said on the question of tobacco, we
endeavor to consult those interested, both the
manufacturer and the consumer, and so in the
case of maiches.
Now, I will restate that in view of the con-
templated removal of the tax the dealers as
well as the consumers, the large dealers advis-
ing the smaller dealers to purchase lightly,
have largely reduced their stocks with the ex-
pectation that the tax would be removed on
the 1st of July. Now, it will be seen that if
the manufacturers of matches have, in antici-
pation of this, reduced their quantity on hand,
they have left a vacuum in the market which
will be supplied by foreign manufacturers.
Now, it is well known that in Canada matches
are largely manufactured. If, therefore, we
take off this tax at an earlier period, we do
not give them the opportunity of filling up the
market, but reserve it to our own manufac-
turers and protect our own interests.
It seems as though the question was so plain
that I need not weary the patience of the Sen-
ate by saying anything more upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out the
whole proviso for the purpose of adding a
few words. Senators seem to regard this as a
small matter.
In the first place the chimera that my friend
from Michigan raises, that foreigners will sup-
ply us with matches, is absurd. Foreigners
cannot bring maiches into this country while
the stamp law exists, because, in addition to
the high duty on matehes, we require them to
put on these very-stamps. Consequently there
are no foreign matches brought here unless
it be some fancy matches, probably a few wax
matches or something of that kind, and I do
not know that they even are brought here.
This is a question that involves, in the first
place, $625,000 of revenue, which is no small
matter when we are throwing off such a large
mass of taxes.
Then this proposal is a discrimination in
favor of match manufacturers, who have been
very well cared for during the whole exislence
of the internal revenue system. We do not
propose to relieve other people from the tax
on stamps until- October. We now collect
from them $2,500,000 a year. This anticipates
the taking effect of this act in three months,
which is a loss to the Government of $625,000.
That is something.
Mr. CONKLING. But how is that?
Mr. SHERMAN. Simply because we shall
have the tax up to the 1st of October if the
amendment of the committee is adopted, and
if we repeal this tax on the 1st of July we lose
one quarter's revenue.
