1312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 29,
called upon to refund to those settlers ten
shillings per acre of. the amount paid for their
lands, the amount they paid being double
price, as every member knows, and put, I
suppose, upon the reserved or alternate sec-
tions of the land because of the grant to the
railroad. I do not see why those settlers who
have purchased these lands in this faith may
not come to Congress and ask for the refund-
ing of the money which they have paid in ex-
cess of the amounts paid by other men who
have purchased the public lands where there
was no railroad grant.
For these reasons, together with the other
reason which has been so often referred to on
the floor, that there seems to be a competition
between this little road and that great monop-
oly the Northern Pacific road, for a large por-
tion of these lands, and upon general princi-
ples, I should be in favor of the smaller road,
the local road, the road which is to be built
for the benefit of the settlers there. I am in
favor of that as against a large road. For
these reasons I shall vote as I have heretofore
voted, for the extension of time in which this
road may be constructed.
Mr. DUNNELL. There are some points
which I desire to make in favor of this bill. I
was interested in its report as a member of
the Committee on the Public Lauds, and have
certainly watched with great care and anxiety
the discussion which has been had here in op-
position to it. If I had had charge of the bill
myself, I should not have feared discussion
yesterday, nor have I feared discussion to-day.
I believe that there are arguments in favor of
this bill that are entirely unanswerable, and
arguments which ought to prevail here in this
House. There are questions of equity that
enter into this case that no just legislation can
for a moment disregard. Some one has asked
why this road was not built years and years ago.
Gentlemen of this House are informed that
at once upon the passage of the act making
the original grant the State of Wisconsin en-
tered on the construction of the road con-
templated by the grant, and built with unusual
promptness and dispatch the first section of
the road. She then took hold of and com-
pleted the second branch of the road. They
know the difficulty there was to get capital at
that time. Everybody knows that the war in-
tervened since the grant came into existence,
and that the war, so far as its financial effect
was concerned, continued beyond four years,
yea, even to seven or eight. Now, when the
second extension was granted, the war still
continuing, capital could not be induced to
take hold of this enterprise. When capital
could be found after the war there was not
sufficient confidence that the extension would
be granted to justify prudent men and capital-
ists in entering upon the building of the third
branch of the road.
There are gentlemen here who talk with a
great deal of looseness. The gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson,] who has talked with
earnestness, and, as the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldredge] has said, with a great
deal of noise and bluster, has made use of
figures here that he had no right to make use
of, and which condemned his speech from
beginning to end. No man ought to stand
up here and say that this bill grants three mil-
lion acres when the records and the evidence
before the House is that it will take only one
million four hundred and eighty thousand
acres.
Mr. STEVENSON. Allow me to say that
I did not say any such thing.
Mr. DUNNELL. Then I beg the gentle-
man's pardon; it has been said probably by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Hay.]
Mr. HAT. I beg to contradict the gentle-
man.
Mr. DUNNELL. I'cannot yield for inter-
ruption.
Mr. HAY. Then do not misrepresent me.
I did not say what you say I did.
Mr. DUNNELL. Somebody, speaking in
opposition to this bill, has said that the bill
will take three million acres. I insist that
that declaration has been made here. I gave
it as my impression that the gentleman from
Illinois made that statement, although, of
course, I accept the explanation now made.
The gentleman from Illinois declaims against
railroad grants, and yet he should not forget
the significant fact in the history of his State
that its bonds sold in the market for seventeen
cents on the dollar before the great land grant
policy was inaugurated, but when that policy
was inaugurated what is true? Her bonds sold
for $1 17 in the market. The gentleman can-
not well gainsay the policy that has more than
quadrupled the population of that State, and
has made the territory of Iowa to-day a State
of twelve hundred thousand people. This
same policy has added in six States an in-
crease of taxable property of $3,000,000,000.
These are facts and figures, and yet there
are gentleman in this House who talk against
this policy, a policy which struck into the very
fiber of American history, that was indeed the
best passage in its history. These gentlemen
are satisfied and want no more such growth ;
they do not want it to go on, and even deny its
beneficence to the outlying territories.
Sometimes, sir, I fear that there are States
in this Union that are envious of the rising
glories of these western States; there are
those who talk about these actual settlers not
desiring railroads. The Delegate from Dakota
presented to the House a petition signed by
one thousand actual settlers asking of this
Congress a grant of lands for the construction
of a road in the Territory of Dakota. We
paid into the Treasury of the United States in
our little State, in duties on iron, over a mil-
lion dollars ; and yet there are gentlemen on
this floor from Pennsylvania to whom, when you
pronounce the word "iron,'' it has a wonder-
ful charm ; but when we ask them to give aid
in a struggle like this, and in which they should
see their own interest, they strangely stand
back or oppose.
Now, I have always been mindful of the men
alluded to by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Hays.] And wherever I maylive, what-
ever may be the people among whom my lot
may hereafter be cast, I shall vote for this
grant because of its clear justice to the men
who went on these lands and settled there on
the faith of this great Republic. For every
acre of the land they have taken they have paid
into the Treasury of the United States $2 50.
We have now to-day in our Treasury half a
million dollars; it was paid in when the na-
tional Treasury needed every dollar that could
be obtained to meet our most pressing neces-
sities. We have that money now, received
from the pioneers and preemptors who went
upon this land.
And yet gentlemen here who are so much
in the habit of talking in behalf of the actual
settlers would say to these men, "You shallnot
have this railroad; it is true you went on this
land twelve years ago relying upon the faith
of this nation that this road should be built ;
it is true, you settled a hundred miles from any
road, and paid $2 50 an acre for your land ; it
is true, you have been praying and waiting for
twelve years for this road, but you shall not
have it." How will that sound to these set-
tlers ? If the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holmau,] should ever be a candidate for Con-
gress up in the St. Croix region, how many
votes do you think he would get? Why, sir,
he could count them all upon the fingers of
one hand.
The men in that section of country know
what frontier life is. They know what they
waut, and they ask it of Congress. These men
who went in there have rights which we ought
to grant them. Let me state a little incident.
Last fall capital was secured to build twenty
miles of the third section of this road. And
so eager were these old twelve-year settlers.
so anxious were they that the road should be
built that they left their fall plowing and volun-
teered their services along the line of that road
to help grade it. Money from without paid for
the iron for the road, and these very men turned
out and helped build it. And in the closing
days of last year, in December, with the ther-
mometer at thirty degrees below zero, they
came out, men and women, for forty miles
above, to celebrate the completion of these
twenty miles of railroad. These old pioneers
of twelve years came there with streaming
eyes to celebrate the building of that section,
for they believed it an earnest that the road
would be completed. So completely over-
come was one old man that he cried out, in
the words of Scripture, " Now lettest thou thy
servant depart in peace;" so completely over-
joyed was he at the prospect that this road
would be built.
I care not where these men came from ; I
care not how they may vote; I have never
seen one of them that I know ; but they are
American citizens, and twelve years ago thoy
went in and settled upon this land, relying
upon the plighted faith of this nation. Now
let us not deny that faith. In the name of
justice let us give this road to the men who
will build it in the interest of the people. If
we do not renew this grant the North Pacific
railroad, will get this land and that, too, with-
out any limitation in favor of actual settlers.
My Qwn State needs a second outlet to the
great lakes ; it needs this second line. If this
grant is renewed, with one branch to Superior
and another 'to Bayfield and the Chippewa
region, not forgotten by Wisconsin, when this
grant is turned over to the companies to go
on with tho work, northern Wisconsin, Min-
nesota, and Iowa will be vastly aided. Their
development will add to the general prosperity
of the country. Along this route, in compe-
tition with the now existing road, will flow an
immensely augmented commerce. The lakes
will then be connected by rail with the Union
Pacific and by a double line between the lakes
and St. Paul.
My time has expired, though a vast field of
argument remains untouched. I now call for
the previous question.
The SPEAKER. Should the previous
question be seconded and the main question
ordered, the first question will then be upon
the motion of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Holman,] to refer this bill with instruc-
tions to the Committee on Public Lands.
Should that motion be negatived, the previous
question will not be exhausted until the House
shall have voted upon the third reading of the
bill. The Clerk will report the instruction?
proposed.
The Clerk read as follows:
Commit the pending bill to the Committee on
Public Lands, with instructions to so amend the bill
as that it shall grant to the State of Wisconsin all
the lands specified in the bill which would inure to
the North Pacific Railroad Company under existing
laws, by any location of said North Pacific road au-
thorized by existing laws, if this grant or extension
was not made to said State of Wisconsin; and to
limit the grant to the lands which, in the absence
of such legislation, would, by fair interpretation of
existing laws, inure to the benefit of the North
Pacific road.
Mr. HOLMAN. Have I the right now to
modify those instructions ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the
right to modify his motion before the previous
question shall have been seconded.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to add the follow-
ing to the instructions I have already offered :
And to further amend the bill so that it shall not
be construed to enlarge the grant of land to the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company, or to authorize
tne Northern Pacific Railroad Company to select
lands elsewhere in liou of any lands specified in the
ponding bill.
_ Mr. BANKS. They have that right by pre-
vious law; this subsequent provision cannot
have any effect.
Mr. DICKEY. It will repeal it.
Mr. BANKS. No, sir; it will not repeal it<
