18T2.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
365
42d Gong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Crocker.
Ho. of Reps.
tible of mathematical demonstration that a
tariff for protection is bat a means to collect
money from the laboring and farming interests
of the country to pay bounties to the manu-
facturers and monopolists.
I want no better argument to prove what I
assert than the statement of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] who has
just left the floor. He says that (he reason
why Mr. Webster turned protectionist was
because he found the topography and soil of
Massachusetts unsuitable for agricultural pur-
poses, and was compelled to ask for protective
tariff to enable the people of Massachusetts to
inaugurate manufacturing establishments and
aid manufacturing interests.
If, Mr. Speaker, it be true that a protective
tariff was necessary to aid the gentleman's
State to embark in a system of manufacturing,
then it follows that his people could not have
established and carried on manufacturing in-
terests and enterprises without protection;
and if it could not have been done, and cannot
now be done without protection, it is clear
that a protective tariff puts money into the
treasuries of those establishments in some
form or other that they would not receive were
it not for the taiiff. Now, sir, I hold that
that money thus received by, through, and
under a tariff—call it what you may—is no
less than a bounty or "subsidy" paid indi-
rectly by the farmers, laborers, and consum-
ers to the manufacturers and monopolists.
Again. The very fact that the advocates of
protection oppose a tariff' for revenue solely
also proves that there must of necessity some-
thing be gained thereby for the manufacturing
interests of the country. The Government
wants no more money than will pay its debts
and expenditures. A tariff for revenue solely
raises that sum. Why, then, Mr. Speaker, are
not protectionists satisfied with it? If they
want, a tariff to raise revenue for, and only for
the Government, why do they insist upon a
tariff that will raise more? Why lax the farm-
ers and laborers to raise more money than the
Government needs? This again is proof that
protection means " bounty."
Then, sir, a tariff for protection, and which
does protect against foreign importations,
necessarily causes the farmer, laborer, and
consumer to pay something that they would
not have to pay were it not for it. What shall
we call it, and where does it go? If it does
not go into the pockets of the manufacturers,
why do they ask and insist upon it? If it sim-
ply goes into the Treasury of the United States,
why are the manufacturing interests so strongly
represented on this fioor? No, sir; deny
it as they may, try to conceal it as they may,
it means the taking of money out of the pockets
of the farmers and hard earnings of the poor
man and putting it into the pockets of the
aristocrats and monopolists of the eastern
States.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has the
candor to admit that a protective tariff was
and is indispensable to the welfare and develop-
ment of his own State; and what protection is
to his State it is to all others. It is taxing the
West to support the East. It is taxing the
farmer and laborer to pay the manufacturer.
It is taxing the poor man to give bounties and
subsidies to the rich man. Its benefits are not
national, but local and selfish. As evidence
of this fact we find every protectionist voting
to put tea and coffee on the free list in order
that the amount raised on those two articles
may be put on iron and other articles and
classes in the interest of manufacturers.
This selfishness is not alone confined to
protectionists. The wealth of our nation lies
in the East, and our income tax is mostly de-
rived from the eastern States ; and hence you
have the aristocrats and monopolists of those
States crying for a repeal of that tax, the
easiest of all taxes to pay; for if a man makes
nothing he pays nothing; if he makes money,
he only pays upon what he makes ; yet we find
free-trade representatives from those States
appealing in the interest of the aristocrats,
bondholders, and monopolists for the repeal of
that tax, knowing when they do so it will
relieve the rich from taxation and impose
greater burdens upon the poor men of the
country. Remove the income tax, and all
raised by it will have to be put upon import-
ations and fiually paid by the consumer and
poor man.
Thus, Mr. Speaker, the farming and agricul-
tural interests in the West and South are not
only compelled to pay tribute and bounties to
the aristocrats, monopolists, and bondholders
of the Bast, but after they have been robbed
of their hard earnings through the oppres-
sive working of protective tariffs, and their
money put into the coffers of those aristocrats,
monopolists, and bondholders, they have the
impudence to come into this House aud ask to
be relieved from paying an income tax there-
on, thus refusing to pay taxes on a gift, a
bounty. These gentlemen, who are for self
and locality, would remove the tax from tea
and coffee and place the same npon iron and
other articles manufactured in the United
States for the benefit of the manufacturers and
capitalists. They would remove the income tax
to benefit the rich aud wealthy, thus relieving
the rich and oppressing the poor, and making
the rich richer, and the poor poorer.
Now, then, Mr. Speaker, permit me to say
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks,] of whom and after whom I have read
for many years, and whose voice I would like
to hear in the Mississippi valley, that if he
and his people cannot make a living upon those
bald knobs and sterile, sandy hills m Massa-
chusetts of which he has so eloquently just
been speaking, I would cordially extend an
invitation to them to move to and settle in
the great valley of the Mississippi, where
they can live and make a living without the aid
of bounties raised by protective tariffs off the
industry and frugality of the farmers and hard
earnings of the poor men of the country.
Mr. Speaker, I rose not to make a speech
upon this subject. Ithasbeeu thoroughly dis-
cussed by others much abler than myself.
To add anything to what they have said would
not only be a work of supererogation, but an
unnecessary consumption of time, asmyobject
was simply to notice the question of bounty
as connected with the subject of tariff, and
having done that, I close.
The Tariff.
REMARKS OP HON. ALVAH CROCKER,
of massachusetts,
In this House oj? Rispreskntatives,
May 16,1872.
The House. being in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and having under considera-
tion the bill (II. Pn. No. 2322) to reduce the duties on
imports, and to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes—
Mr. CROCKER said:
Mr. Chairman: I commence with the asser-
tion of this principle: that when we prop-
erly protect American labor in any manufac-
tured article until capita], skill, and American
enterprise come fairly to its production, the
article will become cheapened until it reaches
a minimum level, lower than can be attained
if the country is solely dependent for its sup-
ply upon the monopolies of Europe, even with
its starved and beggared operatives ; because
so soon as the foreign producers can break
down the manufacture in this country of any
article, the price of that article will rise to the
last mill of the dollar that they can wring out
of us. Encouragement of domestic produc-
tion is, therefore, no less for the interest of
American consumers than of American labor
and capital employed in production.
But the great consuming class of this country
are laborers also, and the interest of labor is
the most important element in the protective
question.^ Can the labor of this country con-
tend unaided against the degraded labor of
Europe? I speak of the degradation of labor
in Europe, not from books, but from my own
personal observation. I have seen, Mr.
Chairman, two hundred women in a gang cart-
ing, or rather, carrying dirt in baskets strapped
to their backs, to make railway embankments,
the engineer saying to me he preferred them
to men; " they were more enduring." When
stepping out from one of the largest factories
in Europe with the superintendent at night
I have met half nude girls literally kneeling
on the ground and praying " in the name of
the blessed Virgin" to have employment the
next day at twelve sous daily. In England,
where labor is better paid than on the conti-
nent, I have seen fifty girls in a stifled room,
half naked, doing labor too revolting to name.
At one establishment, where the female opera-
tives were apparently well treated, one of
them said to me, "We are too poor to marry.
I have had four children out of wedlock.
Thank God they are all dead."
Prostitution, the child of poverty, is brazen
and rampant, while thepoor rates are increas-
ing every year. Even the noble bequest of
our honored countryman, Mr. Peabody, who
had a heart, and who for thirty years had seen
the misery of the poor in England, is taxed,
or rather the tenement buildings which he con-
structed are heavily taxed for poor rates—a
shame and disgrace to England—while the esti-
mable friend of this noble man, Mr. Somerby,
of Boston, acting treasurer of this bequest,
assisted by such men as Lord Derby, has
assured me that they had been unable as
yet to purchase land for further tenements to
shelter the poor—toa bsorb the whole fund, a
balance remaining of some fifty thousand
pounds—because of the unmitigated curse of
entail in England.
This is the country which some of us have
been lauding on this floor, the country which
destroyed our commerce by registered pirates,
or compelled us to sell at its prices the proud-
est merchant marine that ever floated. We
hear it asserted that the decay of our com-
merce is due to the protective policy, and that
free trade will restore it. I dissent from this
view. This decline is mainly the result of the
transition from the old system of sailing ves-
sels to sle-tmships, through which latter, built
up by mail appropriations and subsidies, the
English are able almost to monopolize the
carrying trade of the world. If you will pur-
sue the same course before it is too late, and
by that means place our merchants on a par
with the English merchants, and let American
energy and skill feel that on the ocean as well
as on the land their Government will stand by
them, then our commerce will resume its
ancient channels.
An intelligent manufacturer said to me in
England :
" We arecorapelled to adopt free trade because we
are dependent for so large a portion of our raw ma-
terial upon other countries: but we control theseas,
and have the Bast Indies with a population of two
hundred millions, and suzerainty over some fifty
millions more. We have Australia, tho West India
Islands, tho Canada®, and by our quick steamers con-
trol their trade. We get our best sales at home;
next, in the countries which we control; then m
South America; and the balance uf the ssoods which
you do not buy here, sometimes twenty to thirty per
cent, annually, we send to New York and ord«r
them sold under tho hammer."
But, Mr. Chairman, I must hasten to the
manufacture which we have immediately under
discuasiou. Sixty-two years ago this coming
