1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1313
Mr. DUNNELL. I yield for a moment to
my colleague, [Mr. Donn'an. J
Mr.DONNAN. I desire to offer atl amend-
ment to the bill.
The SPEAKER. That would not be in
order pending the motion tb refer, except by
Unanimous consent.
Mr. DONNAN. I ask consent to offer the
amendment now.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
read.
The Clerk read as Follows:
Add to the bill the following:
Provided further, That all lands heffeby granted,
which may remain unsold at the expiration of five
years after the completion of said road, shall be sub-
ject to settlement and preemption like other public
lands, at a price to be paid to suoh railroad com-
pany not exceeding $2 50 per acre.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
this will bo considered pending as an amend-
ment to the bill.
There was no objection.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it now in order to move
to lay the bill and pending amendments upon
the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is, as the bill is not
now in the same stage as when the previous
motion to lay upon the table was negatived.
Mr. HOLMAN. There having now been
full discussion, I make that motion.
Mr. COX. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 87, nays 91, not voting 02;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Barnum, Beatty, Bell, Biggs, Bingham,
Bird, Bra.xton, Buffinton, Burehard, Roderick It.
Butler. Coburn, Coghlan, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Crit-
cher, Crossland, Ely, Finkelnburg, Forker, Charles
Foster, Henry I). Foster, Get/,, llaldeinan, Handlcy,
Hanks, Harmor, Haw ley, Hay, Hays, Hereford, llib-
bard, Hill, Holman, Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr.Ivetcham,
Killinger, King, Lainison, Lewis, Manson, McClel-
land, McGrew, McKinney, McNeely, Mercut', Benja-
min If. Meyers, Monroe, Moore. Niblack, Packard,
Packer, Prindlo,Read( John M. Rice, Ellis H. Rob-
erts, William It. Roberts, Robinson, Shanks, Shoe-
maker, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, R. Mil-
ton Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens, Steven-
son, Strong, Torry, Turner, Tyner, Van Trump,
Vaughan, Voorhees, Whiteloy,Williams of Indiana,
.Teremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
and Wood—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Averiil, Banks, Barber,
Barry, Beck, Beveridge, Bigby, Austin Blair, James
G. Blair, Boies, Bright, George M.Brooks, Buckley,
Caldwell, Cotmngo, Conger, Cotton, Crocker.Diirrall,
Dawes, Donnan, Du Bose, Duell, Duke, Dunnoll,
Karnes, Eldredge, Farnsworth, Farwell, Frye, Go 1 -
laday, Goodrich. Hale, Hancock, Harper, George E.
Harris, John T. Harris, Havens, Gerry W. Hazelton,
Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, La.mpori, Lowe, Lynch,
Maynard, McCormick, Merriam, Mitchell, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Orr, Palmer, IsaacC. Parker,Pendle-
ton, Peree, Eli Perry, Peters, Piatt, Price, Rainey,
Rusk, Sargent, Sawyor, Scoiield, Seeley, Sessions,
Sherwood, Shobcr, Slater, Sloss, Snapp, Snyder,
Thomas J. Speer, Stoughton, Sutherland, Taife,
Washington Townseml, Tuthill, Twichell, Waddell,
Wakeinan,. Waldou, Waldron, Wallace, AVarren,
Wheeler, Willard, Williams of New York, and
Young—91.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James Brooks, Burdett,
Benjamin F. Butler, Campbell, Carroll, Freeman
Clark, William T. Clarke, Cobb, Creely, Davis. Be
Large, Dickey, Dox, Elliott, Wilder D.Foster, Gar-
field, Garrett, Griffith, Halsev, llambleton, John W.
Hnzelton, Horndon, Kendall, Kinsella, Lansing,
Leach, Marshall, McCrary,McHenry,Mdntyre,Mc~
.1 unkin. McKee, Merriek, Morey, Morgan, Morphis,
Ilosea W. Parker, Peck, Aaron F. Perry, Poland,
Porter, Potter, Randall, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie,
Rogers, Roosevelt, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Slocum,
"Worthington 0. Smith, Storm, Stowell, St. John,
Swann, Sypher, Thomas, DwightTownsend, Upson,
Walls, Wolls, and Whitthorne—62.
So the House refused to lay the bill and
amendments on the table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DUKE said: I desire to state that Mr.
Whitthokne, of Tennessee, has been called
away on account of the death of his father.
He is paired with Mr. Morphis, of Missis-
sippi. I do not know how he would vote on
this bill.
Mr. PECK. I am paired with Mr. Upson,
of Ohio. If I had been allowed to vote I
should have voted "no."
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 83.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
The SPEAKER, .The question recurs,
will the House order the main question ?
The main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The main question having
been ordered, the question is first on referring
this bill to the Committee on the Public Lauds,
with the instructions moved by the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Holmak.]
Mr. HOLMAN. On that question I call for
tellers.
Mr. PETERS. I call for the yeas and nays.
We may as well have them at once.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 78, not voting
61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Barnum, Beatty, Bell, Biggs, Bingham,
Bird, Bright, Buffinton, Burchard, Burdott, Benja-
min F. Butler, Carroll, Coburn, Coghlan, Conner,
Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Dickey, Duke. Dan-
nell, Ely, Finkelnburg, Forker, Charles Foster,
Henry D. Foster, tietz, Golla,day, llaldeinan, Hand-
ley, Hanks, Harmer, George E. Harris, John T. Har-
ris, Hawlev, ITay, Hays, Hereford, ilibbard, Hill,
llolinan, Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Killin-
ger, King, Lamison, Lamport. Lewis, Lowe, Man-
son, Marshall, MoClelland, McGrow, McKinney,
McNeely. Mercuv, Monroe, Niblaek, Packard,
Packer, Prindle. Read, JohnM. Rice, Ellis H. Rob-
erts,William R. Roberts,Robinson, Sessions, Shanks,
Shoemaker, Slocum. II. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, R. Milton Speer, Sprague, Starkweather,
Stevens, Stevenson, Strong, Terry, Dwiglit Town-
send, Turner, Tyner. Upson, Van Trump, Vaughan,
Voorhees, Walden, Whitcley, Williams of Indiana,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
and Wood—101.
NA^S—Messrs. Ames, Averiil, Banks, Barber,
Beck, Beveridge, Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Boles,
George M. Brooks, Buckley, Caldwell, Cominso,
Conger, Cotton, Crocker, Dawes, Donnan, Dullose,
Duel), Eames, Eldredge, Farnsworth, Farwell, Frye,
Garlield, Goodrich, Hancock, Harper, Havens, Gerry
W. Hazelton, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Lynch, May-
nurd, McCormick, Mitchell, Leonard Myers, Neg-
ley, Orr, Palmer, Imuic C. Parker, Peek, Pendleton,
Eli Perry, Peters, Piatt, Pricc, Itainey, Rusk, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Scoiield, Soeiey, Sheldon, Sherwood,
Kliober, Slater, Sloss, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J.
Speer, Stoughton. Sutherland, 'L'affe, Washington
Townsend, Tuthill, Twichell. Waddell, Wakeman,
Waldron, Wallace, Warren, Wheeler, Willard,Wil-
liams of New York, and Young—78.
NOT VOTING— Messrs. Barry, Bigby, Braxton,
J"ames Brooks, Roderick R. Butler, Campbell, Free-
man Clarke, William T. Clark, Cobb, Creely, Dar-
rall, Davis, De Large, Dox, Elliott, Wilder D.
Foster, Garrett, Griffith, Ilaie, Ilalsey, Hamblo-
ton, John W. Hazelton, Herndon, Kendall, Kin-
sella, Lansing. Leach, McCrary, McHenry, Mc-
lntyre, McJunkin, McKee, Merriam, Merrick, Ben-
jamin F. Moyers, Moore, Morey, Morgan, Morphis,
Ilosea W.Parker, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Poland,
Porter, Potter, Randall, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie,
Rogers, Roosevelt, Shellabargei, Worthington C.
Smith, Storm, Stowell, St. John, Swann. Sypher,
Thomas, Walls, Wells, and Whitthorne—Gl.
So the motion to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lauds with instructions
was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken ; and also move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. SHANKS. 1 desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Does the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Donnan]
go with the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I ask
unanimous consent to make a suggestion. It
is this: the Legislature of Wisconsin adjourns
in about two weeks. If anything is to be done
with this bill 
Mr. COX. I object to debate.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I will
not occupy more than a single minute. 1 sim-
ply want to have the committee authorized to
report the bill at any time.
Mr. COX and Mr. HOLMAN objected.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
on the motion of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill and
amendments were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands with instructions.
Mr. ELDttEDGE. Some members have
voted for the proposition to refer this bill to
the committee in the belief that it could be ]
reported back at any time. If the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holmas] persists in the
motion to lay on the table the motion to recon-
sider, I shall call the yeas and nays ou it.
The question being taken on Mr. Holman's
motion, there were—ayes 84, noes 71.
Mr, ELDREDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I now mo?6 that the
House adjourn.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 105, noes 52.
Pending the announcement of the result of
the vote,
ENROLLED BILLS STONED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 415) to defray the expenses
of district judges from other districts while
holding district or circuit courts in the south-
ern district of New York ;
An act (8. No. 644) amending the act ap-
proved July 27,1868, entitled "An act relating
to pensions
An act (S. No. 615) to reimburse certain
soldiers for loss of clothing by fire at Chicago;
An act (S. No. 570) transferring certain
powers and duties to the Department of Jus-
tice, and providing a seal therefor; and'
An act (S. No. 533) for the relief of Lucas,
O'Brien, Dickinson, and other counties in the
State of Iowa.
LEAVE 00 ABSENCE.
Mi\ SHELLABARGER, by unanimous con-
sent, obtained indefinite leave of absence.
Mr. WHITTHORNE, by unanimous con-
sent, obtained leave of absence for two weeks,
on account, of sickness in his family.
The result of the vote on the motion to
adjourn was then announced as above record-
ed ; and accordingly (at four o'clock and forty
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMBLER: The petition of James
Pollock and 29 others, Union soldiers and
citizens of Ohio, praying the equalization of
bounties a,t $8 38j per month for time of ser-
vice, and bounty land without requirement of
settlement, to Union soldiers ana sailors and
marines in the war of the rebellion.
By Mr. BRAXTON: Thepetitions of George
L. Nicoison and Robert L. Montague, of Mid-
dlesex county, Virginia, asking a removal of
their political disabilities.
By Mr. BUFF1NGTON: The memorial of
Jonathari Bourne, jr., and 63 other merchants,
citizens of New Bedford, Massachusetts, en-
gaged in the whale fisheries, praying that a
law be enacted forbidding the killing of wal-
rus during the mouths of July and August.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of J. L. Hib-
bard and 18 others, dairymen of Jefferson
county, New York, protesting against any
reduction upon foreign salt, and setting forth
that the domestic manufacturers of salt during
the last ten years have furnished an article
equal to the best in the world, and at more
reasonable prices than would have ruled had
we been dependent upon foreigners.
By Mr. EAMES: The remonstrance of
Amasa Sprague and 36 others, manufacturers
of cotton in Rhode Island, against the reduc-
tion of the tariff on manufactured cottons.
By Mr. HALE: The petition of G. L. B.iker
and others, of Steuben, Maine, for a light-
house at Gouldsborough harbor.
By Mi?. KERR: The petition of Mrs. Mary
C. Griffin, embracing the affidavits of General
B. F. Scribner, Lieutenant W. C. Shaw, and
