1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3105
expand your commerce in any particular or
build up your ship-building interest in any
respect; but if you will remit the duties, les-
sen your tariff to a revenue standard, and not
antagonize against the ship-building interest
the other interests which are now sharing the
favor and protection of the Government by hav-
ing oppressive taxation or duties, then I say
you will build up that interest more effectually
. than in any other way. Certainly you will
not do it by taking money out of the Treasury
and giving it to particular lines or particular
capitalists who are engaged in carrying on
particular lines of commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
'time has expired. The question is on the first
branch of the amendment of the committee
raising the sum from $400,000 to $450,000, on
which the Senator from Michigan demanded
the yeas and nays.
. Mr. CHANDLER. I withdraw the demand
for the yeas and nays, and my colleague will
offer an amendment after that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Senator from Michigan with-
draws the demand for the yeas and nays. If
there be no further objection, the amendment
of the committee will be regarded as modified
as theydesire, so thatitshall read "$450,000,"
with the conditions which have been read in
■full by the Secretary. The Chair hears no
objection, and the Senator from Michigan now
moves to reduce the amount.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I now move
to reduce the amount to $300,000.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the amendment so that the Senate will
have a clear statement of the condition of the
bill that is before them. As it came from the
House of Representatives, the bill in this sec-
tion provided an appropriation of $150,000 for
steamship service between the United States
and Brazil, without any conditions whatever.
The Committee on Appropriations have now
amended this clause so as to insert $450,000
instead of $150,000, with various conditions
which have been read in full. The Senator
•from Michigan now moves to amend by strik-
ing out "$450,000" and inserting "$300,000,"
and the question now is on that amendment.
. Mr. CORBETT. I should like to ask a
question. Does that leave the conditions the
same as with regard to the $450,000?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It does.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. As I under-
stand the question, this Government is now
paying $150,000 a year to this company and
the Brazilian Government a similar amount,
making $300,000 for a monthly service. The
theory of the committee's amendment, as I
understand it, is for double service not only
to pay double price, $300,000, but to make
up the $150,000 now paid by the Brazilian
Government, and which will expire in a short
time; in other words, for a double service to
pay treble price. My proposition is for double
service to pay double price, to pay $300,000
instead of $150,000, as is now paid.
Mr. SAWYER. One word with reference
to the amendment offered by the Senator from
Michigan. In the first place, it is known to
be a fact that the Brazilian Government will
pay no part of this increased subsidy, so that
it must be looked at simply as a proposition
which concerns the United States. In the
next place, it is quite certain that the present
contractors will not, with all the advantages
of being in possession of the line, make any
contract for a semi-monthly service on these
terms. They have made no dividends what-
ever on their business during the existence of
the present contract, and they cannot make
any dividends upon it at the present rates.
The Brazilian Government have no special in-
ducements to subsidize this line, because they
have half a dozen lines that accommodate
them just as well from Europe, and the com-
merce of Great Britain and other European
nations with Brazil is much greater than ours.
42b Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 195.
Therefore a vote in favor of this amendment
now offered is equivalent to a vote to leave the
servicejust as it now stands.
Mr. iERRY, of Michigan. In reply to the
Senator from South Carolina I will say that
as I understand this amendment the proposi-
tion is to extend the time ten years. The
present contract expires in three years. This
will extend the time seven years longer. Now,
if, with a similar pay to that of the combined
"Governments made up for the extension of
time by this Government to $300,000, the sum
now paid, and with an extension of seven
years, this company cannot contend with op-
position or maintain their line, they ought to
fall.
Mr. SAWYER. But I say it must be ac-
cepted as a fact that the Brazilian Govern-
ment will not pay any part of the pay for the
new contract.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I understand
the Senator, and I think the Senate under-
stand well that at the expiration of this con-
tract the Brazilian Government will withdraw
its subsidy. Now it is proposed by this
amendment, as I understand, to make up that
$150,000, and virtually to_pay treble price for
double service, to wit, semi-monthly service
between the two countries. I think if the
Government maintains the present prices, add-
ing thereto $150,000 for additional service, we
are doing our part, and certainly doing justice
to this line.
Mr. CRAGIN. As I understand the pres-
ent condition of this contract, this company is
now receiving $300,000 for monthly service,
$150,000 from theUnited States and $150,000
from Brazil ; but Brazil does not propose to
pay anything more, and we require by the
committee's amendment a semi-monthly ser-
vice, and by the amendment of the Senator
from Michigan it is proposed that the company
shall receive no more for semi-monthly service
than it now receives for monthly service, in-
cluding what the United States and Brazil pay.
In other words, as I understand it, we require
this company to perform semi-monthly service
for $450,000; theyare nowreceiving $300,000
for monthly service ; so that it is not trebling
the pay at all ; it is only adding one third
more for semi-monthly service ; one half of
what they they now receive for monthly service
being added for semi-monthly service.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. The Senate
will pardon me for replying to the view of the
Senator from New Hampshire, as I offered the
amendment. I understand in the aggregate
the result he states may be correct; but I am
talking about the charge on the Treasury of
the United States which we are attempting to
guard. So far as this Government is con-
cerned, for the double service we are to pay
treble price after the expiration of this con-
tract. Now, in answer to the Senator, I say
that the extension of time is a full compensa-
tion in my judgment moving me to this
amendment that on the part of the United
States we are dealing generously by extending
this time seven years longer, and paying for
the additional service upon the same basis
that we are now paying for the monthly ser-
vice, thus giving these parties as much as they
are getting now, although requiring additional
service.
Mr. UONKLING. Mr. President, this mat-
ter of subsidies involves difficulties enough,
so many that we shall not be likely to vote too
wisely if we vote upon an exact understanding
of the facts. Now, I think either that my
honorable friend from Michigan is somewhat
mistaken in the facts, or is somewhat violent
in the conclusion he draws.
We have now a monthly mail service with
Brazil for which the parties affording it receive
$300,000 a year, the United States pays
$150,000 and Brazil $150,000; which it is not
denied is a fair and reasonable compensation
for that monthly service, not extravagant, not
excessive. Now, the Senator says that Bra-
zil withdrawing her portion of the subsidy,
namely, $150,000, and we replacing that and
leaving the compensation exactly where it is
we can require the company to double the
trips and make them once a fortnight in place
ofonce a month, and that theyare abundantly
compensated by the fact that we require them
to do it for seven years longer.
I should say that if the Government or an
individual were paying another a stipulated
sura, which was a fair value for services ren-
dered, and they proposed to require just
double the service for the same sum, it would
be rather a hardship than an amelioration t,o
require it for a long term of years in place of
for ashort time. So I think the question made
by the Senator from Michigan is simply this :
whether $300,000 per annum is an excessive
and unnecessary sum to pay for the present
service. If it is, then we should reduce the
$300,000 by just so much as the service will
permit, assuming that it is to be a monthly
service, as it is; or we should continue that
excess with so much as it may be necessary to
add in order to double the service; and my
friend from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] reminds me
and teaches me, too—because it was a little
out of my mind, and I did not understand that
the fact was quite so strong—that it is in
evidence, it is matter of history, that making
monthly trips with a subsidy of $300,000 paid
by the two Governments, they have made
nothing. We had better discontinue the ser-
vice ; we had better confine ourselves to
monthly trips; we had better do anything
which will result in what we mean, than
ostensibly to vote a subsidy of $300,000, and
then require semi-monthly trips, knowing, as
we must in the light of the facts, either that
the amount voted is excessive for what we
have, if that be the argument, or, at all events,
that it is entirely inadequate to the double ser-
vice which we expect; so that it certainly will
result one way or the other in doing that
which is not contemplated upon the face of
the amendment.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I have a word
to say in response to the Senator from New
York. If I were to allow the Senator from
New York to add to the words I have spoken,
certainly they would carry a different meaning
from what I intended. I did not use the words
" abundant compensation," but I stated the
fact that the extension of the time was a com-
pensation on the part of this Government to
this company. It is an admitted fact, I think,
with everybody who makes contracts, that the
longer the time the better the contract, pro-
vided 
Mr. WINDOM. It depends on the pay.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I was going to
remark provided they get a pay that is satis-
factory to them. My amendment is based on
the compensation which this Government gives
this company at this time for the monthly ser-
vice. Now, it is not to be supposed that the
Brazilian Government will give nothing at the
expiration of this time. This is the assertion
of those who are pressing this additional pay.
I am not clear but what the Brazilian Govern-
ment will give at the expiration of this con-
tract for the residue of the ten years the same
$150,000 per annum as before, and thereby
add to what we pay this line.
My defense of the amendment which I have
proposed is the protection of our Treasury. I
propose for the additional service, so far as the
United States is concerned, to pay the com-
pany that pro rata, and I am not disposed, so
far as my vote goes, to make up for the defi-
ciency of a foreign Government. They will,
with this additional pay and the support given
by this Government by the extension ot this
contract, go with a stronger assurance to a
foreign company for additional pay than they
do now. I repeat that the extension of this time
seven years is a compensation to this company,
and would be so considered by any company.
Mr. SAWYER. The present contract, as
