1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
417
of Englishmen to build ships, both hulls and
upper works, with a vast deal more of strength
than we build them. The ship-carpenters and
builders of England have no conception ot that
serial light ship-building and joiner-work, so
well known upon our eastern rivers, upon our
northern rivers, and throughout all the great
rivers of the West. The navigation of the rivers
of China is like that of the Mississippi, the
Ohio, and the Missouri rivers.
The great river of China, which perhaps
runs thousands of miles into the interior, of
which we know nothing, and which is navi-
gable by our ships to Hankow, six or seven
hundred miles, is navigated by American
steamers, or rather steamers under the Amer-
ican flag, one half built either in Connecticut
or Massachusetts, and the other half more
recently in Glasgow. The climate ot China,
the intense heats, require American ship-
building and American joiner-work, and the
only species of ship-building for that hot cli-
mate, where air is necessaiy, and where it is
necessary to live above, the hull of the ship, in
order to live at all, and which is best suited to
the purposes, is the American ship built upon
the Mystic river, in Connecticut, or in Maine,
and which ships have gone out to China under
Maine ship-masters. 1 might say I have seen
those ship-masters out there in China from
Maine navigating American steamers. Those
ships are built now as they are built to run on
the North river, and npon the Ohio, and the
Mississippi, and the Missouri, and the other
great rivers of the West. When ship-building
became too expensive in the United States to
build ships here for great rivers, Glasgow was
resorted to.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman let me
ask him a question? You say when it became
too expensive in the United States to build
ships here, Glasgow was resorted to. Did they
ever build iron ships in this country for the
China waters?
'Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Wc build
them now : that is, for the coastwise trade.
Mr. KELLEY. Did we ever build them
for the China waters? Yousay "when," &c.,
as though we had been compelled to abandon
an established industry. We have never been
able to build iron steamers for export, and
the implication is calculated to mislead the
public.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Our coast-
wise iron ships are now built in the United
States because .he monopoly of coastwise ship-
building is exclusively in American hands. No
British ship built in Glasgow can go from
Charleston to New York, or from New York to
New Orleans, because the monopoly of that
navigation is in American hands.
Mr. KELLEY. Let me ask another ques-
tion.
Mr. BROOKS, of New lork._ I he gentle-
man knows that iron ships are built in America
for this coastwise trade because no one can
interfere with it. Iron ships cannot be built
in America for the China trade, because Glas-
gow and all the nations of Europe interfere
with it; for there we have no monopoly of
trade.
Mr. KELLEY. The_gentleman evades my
question, and 1 now desire to ask whether it is
possible to build iron ships or steamboats in
this country and depend upon ti'ausatlantic
rolling-mills for the plates to build them with?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Remove the
duties on iron, remove the duties on copper,
remove the duties on cordage, remove the taxes
which are imposed on almost everything enter-
ing into the construction of ships, and forth-
with the American flag upon ships built in
New England will ngam be floating all over
the earth. But such is not the case now.
Mr. KELLEY I desire to say to the gen-
tleman, in answer to his suggestions, that the
letter of William Cramp & Sons will be an
effective answer to what he has been saying.
These experienced ship-builders say that roll-
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 21.
ing-mills must be near to the ship-yards, inas-
much as the plates are modified by each mod-
ification of model of vessels, and that to admit
foreign iron duty free would not benefit but
would effectually extirpate iron ship-building
from the coastwise trade. Their letter I ask
to be printed as part of my remarks in the
Globe.
There was no objection. The letter is as
follows:
Philadelphia, January 13,1872.
Dear Sir: Inasmuch as strenuous efforts are to
be made during the present Congress "to repeal the
duties on ship-building materials, on the plea that
it will aid American ship-builders and assist in
building up our mercantile marine, and knowing
that false impressions are prevalent in regard to
this department of industry, we beg leave to call
your attention to a few important facts, and to show
that such action would not be beneficial, but detri-
mental to ouf interests.
If any benefits could bo derived from the repeal
of duties on material, it would be chiefly in the con-
struction of wooden ships. But steam is rapidly and
permanently supplanting sails, and this in turn ne-
cessitates the change from wood to iron ; lor steam-
ships, to be profitable and safe, must be constructed
of iron.
Few persons are aware of the fact that it is absurd
to talk of building iron ships in this country of im-
ported iron, for this cannot be done. One reason is,
that nearly every piece of iron entering into their
construction must be made to special ordei'; and this
fact, together with the necessity of rapid delivery,
demands that the iron-mills should be near the ship-
yards; and it is plain to every practical siiip-buiMer
that it ships are to be constructed of foreign mate-
rials, they will also bo constructed in foreign lands.
We now have in our own yards live first-class iron
steam ships in process of construction, with an ag-
gregate tonnage of thirteen thousand tons, which
will require ior their construction sixteen million
pounds of iron, and the ships when completed will
cost $2,500,000; and yet the repeal of all the duties
would not benefit us to the amount of &10.000.
While the repeal of duties would scarcely afford
even a temporary gain, it would, on the contrary,
indict upon us a permanent lose, by probably closing
all the furnaces and mills to which we must look for
our supplies.
The efforts of free-traders to secure tree materials
are evidently only preliminary to tho more danger-
ous purpose of securing free foreign ships, of which
England has a surplus of hundreds, ot both wood and
iron, which t-he would gladly sell at any price to get
possession of our country trade.
The idle ship-yards in this country are those
devoted to building wooden ships. There are six
yaidsfor building iron vessels in Philadelphia and
vicinity, all of which are full of work. I think there
is in process of construction sixteen iron steamers,
seven of which range from twenty-five hundred to
three thousand tons each.
Having been engaged for thirty-five years in tho
construction of ships of every class, wefeel competent
to speak as to our own needs; and we aro sure that
we speak the sentiments ofall engaged in ship-build-
ing when we ask that Congress shall not disturb
tho moderate protection afforded our iron manufac-
turers, but will rather let well enough alone, and
adhere to the policy which, by multiplying furnaces
and rolling-mills, will furnish us a constant supply
of materials cheap and abundant.
YoUrS' &a' W. CRAMP & SONS,
Iron and Wood Ship-Builders.
Hon. W. D. Kellby.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. How unjust
is the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] to his own State. Iron is there in
the greatest abundance, coal is there in the
greatest abundance ; Chester and other places
in Pennsylvania, and Wilmington, in Dela-
ware, are in as close proximity 10 the iron and
coai of the great central States as Glasgow to
the coal and iron of Great Britain. Remove
the tariff, and ships will be built in Pennsyl-
vania and Delaware, and in many other places
where iron and coal are in close contiguity.
Mr. KELLEY. The ship-builders ol Chester
and Wilmington, as well as the Cramps and
others in Philadelphia, and the house of
Woods, at Gloucester, New Jersey, with the
exception of one partner in one ol the firms,
agree in saying that to remove the duty on
iron would close American furnaces and roll-
ing-mills and destroy the ship-yards of Dela-
ware, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey ; and I
think they ought to know their own business.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What an
humble confession that is of the inferiority of
American mechanism and of American genius.
Mr. IiELLBY. Not at all. But Araeii-
can rolling-mills are essential to American
ship-building, and American workmen cannot
live on the inadequate wages paid to British
mechanics.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. What an
acknowledgment! that the American lacks
brain and skill to compete with the English-
man.
Mr. KELLEY. The American _ rolling-
mill will make the plate and deliver it on the
same day. If ship-builders have to depend on
Scotch or English rolling-mills, the order and
pattern must cross the Atlantic and the plates
be brought therefrom. In the one case the
work goes cn simultaneously; in the other,
thirty days intervene between the origination
of the job and the procuring of facilities for
its execution. This difficully may be reme-
died in but one way; that is, by your ship-
builders being endowed with such enormous
capital that they can keep piled up, as dead
capital, plates for ships of every model and
size. But inasmuch as this is an industry just
coming into existence in this country, none
engaged in it have sufficient -capital for this.
Therefore, those engaged in it pray us to pro-
tect rolling-mills, that they may be put into
operation at Chester, at Wilmington, at Glou-
cester, and at the upper and lower extremity
of Philadelphia, so that iron ship-building
may come to take rank among our permanent
and profitable industries.
Mr. L. MYERS. Let me ask the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Brooks] whether he
would have American mechanics and ship-
builders paid no better than the rates upon
the Clyde ?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. It is not
necessary to the discussion of this subject to
answer the gentleman's question.
Mr. L. MYERS. The question is as ger-
mane to the remarks of the gentleman from
New York as were his remarks to the subject
before the House.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Let me say
that, prior to the high tariff of 1860, American
ships were built in Maine, in Massachusetts,
in Connecticut, and in New York, carrying the
trade of our country all over the earth.
Mr. KELLOGG. They were wooden ships.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Certainly;
and it is a fact that, in competition with Eng-
lish labor and skill, the genius and industry
of New England men were found to be far
superior to those of any other people in the
world in the building of wooden ships. There
was really 110 competition with them the world
over. And do not tell me that the skill of
our countrymen has failed—of those who were
among the first to introduce monitors and iron
ships of war, and who as workers in iron
have never been inferior to any people 011 the
face of the earth. Do not tell me that with
the raw material of iron, and copper, and cord-
age, and everything connected with the con-
struction of ships at a cheap price, our own
mechanics, our own countrymen, with an edu-
cation far superior to that ol'mechanics in all
other parts of the world—who in two thirds of
a day can do more work than even a Scotch-
man can do in a whole day in the construc-
tion of ships—do not I ell me that though the
material is changed from wood to iron our
American mechanics are inferior to Europe-
ans in the industry of ship building. All that
is desired is 
Mr. BANKS. I must really resume the floor,
though I am very reluctant to do it and to in
terrnpt Ibis very interesting discussion.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. 1 want, sim-
ply to go on with the cxpla>a ion 1 was mak-
ing for a few moments longer. I should have
finished what I had to say by this time if I had
not been interrupted.
Mr. BANKS. How much longer lim* doet
the gentleman desire?
Mr. BROOKS, of New lrork. About three
minutes I think I can conclude in that time.
Mr. BANKS. There are but t'-n minutes
remaining of the morning hour, and we shall
lose the bill if I yield for further discussion.
