1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2209
take part in the memorial services to be observed
on Tuesday evening, the 16th instant, in honor of
the memory ot Professor Samuel H. B. Morse, under
the auspiees of the National Morse Monument Asso-
ciation ; and for that pm pose the members ot this
House will assemble on that evening 111 this Hall,
and the Speaker will preside on the occasion.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
b}' which the resolution*was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A. message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsox,
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate
had passed, without amendment, bills of the
House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 590) for the relief of
certain settlers on the public lands in Iowa
under the homestead laws ; and
A bill (II. R. No. 2124) granting the right
of way through the public lands for the con-
struction of a railroad from Great Salt Lake
to Portland, Oregon.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, and requested the concur-
rence of the House in a bill of the following
title:
A bill (S. No. 691) giving the assent of
Congress lo the subscription of the District
of Columbia to ihe stock of the Piedmont and
Potomac Railroad Company.
OFFICERS AND CREW OF KEARSARGE.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins at twenty-five minutes past one o'clock.
Tins being Friday, the business during the
morning hour is the call of committees, begin-
ning with the Committee on Naval Affairs, for
reports of a private nature.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported a bill (H.
R. No. 2205) for the relief of the officers and
crew of the United Slates steamer Kearsarge ;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Navy to pay out of any money keie-
after to be appropriated, to Rear Admiral
John A. Win slow and the officeis and crew
belonging to the United Slates steamer Kear-
sarge, wlule engaged in the capture and de-
struction of the vessel called the Alabama, on
the 19th of June, 18G4,_the sum of $190,000,
that sum being the estimated value thereof,
to he distributed to the officers and crew
attached to the Kearsarge at the date above
named, in the same manner as prize money,
and to be in lieu of the bounty authorized by
the eleventh section of-the act ot June 30,
18G4, entitled "An act to regulate prize pro-
ceedings," &c.; provided that no money shall
be paid to the assignee of any of said officers
or crew entitled to receive the same, but only
to himself in person, or to his wife, or his
heirs, or their legal representatives, excluding
any such assignee; and provided further that
if any of the officers or crew of said United
States steamer Kearsarge shall have received
the bounty provided by section eleven of the
act of June 30, 1864, the same shall be de
ducted from the amount to be paid to such
officer or seaman under this act.
Mr. HOAR. I desire to move to amend
this bill by substituting the term "personal
representatives" for the phrase "heirs or
legal representatives."
Mr. S i'ARK WEATHER. That part of the
bill was very carefully considered, and! think
it is in a very good shape to protect the inter-
ests of those benefited by this bill.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman allow me
a moment?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Certainly.
Mr. HOAR. Suppose that before this dis-
tribution is made a sailor dies, leaving ten
children and a widow. The person making
the distribution must distribute the share ot
that sailor to each of these ten children, who
420 Cosa. 2d Sess.—No. 189.
are the heirs of that sailor, and also to his
widow. The true way is to give it to the ex-
ecutor or administrator of the personal repre-
sentatives, who will distribute it according to
law. If I recollect aright, the House adopted
this precise change in a similar bill which was
up last session. -
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I am inclined to
think that there may be some force in the sug-
gestion of the gentleman, and therefore I will
not oppose his amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. A bill similar to
this, appropriating the same amount of prize
money, $190,000, passed the House of Repre-
sentatives in the'fhirty-Ninth, the Fortieth, and
the Forty-First Congresses. The measure was
in each case delayed in the Senate, where there
has never been, perhaps, an unembarrassed
vote upon the question. It will be remembered
that at the last session of Congress the bill was
coupled with an appropriation of the money
from the Japanese indemnity fund, which sug-
gested objections here as well as in the Seftate.
It was for this reason, I think, that the measure
never reached a final vote in the Senate. But
the bill has three times passed this House with
very little opposition except upon the ground
I have suggested, and I hope it will meet with
no opposition now.
The bill, as now perfected, is in accordance
with the recommendation of Secretary Welles
soon al'ter the time this great exploit came off
He suggested an appropriation of §190,000,
which, according to an appraisement which
was had, was the value of the vessel destroyed.
Mr. Speaker, we have never had in all the
annals of our naval service anything more
brilliant than this achievement. Of course
the circumstances connected with the destruc-
tion ot the Alabama, as well as her fitting out,
are familiar to every one here. This was the
most important naval battle of the war. It
was a square stand-up fight, a contest not. so
much between Union and confederate sailois,
but between Union sailors and picked and
trained Englishmen, onavessel built, equipped,
and manned by England. 'The Alabama or
" The 290" was constructed expressly for the
confederates, by Laird, a Liverpool ship-
builder, who was also a member of the House
of Commons, and against the urgent remon-
strance of the American minister was permit
ted by the British Government to escape J uly
29, 1862. She went to Terceira in command
of an English captain, and thei'c was joined by
another English vessel from which she received
her armament. Another English vessel brought
her Semines and a crew, soon after. She
went to sea on the 20th of August, 1802,
hauled down the British flag, and hoisted the
confederate. She made her first capture on
the 5th of September, burned the vessel, and
put the crew in irons. She generally ap-
proached unarmed American vessels under the
British flag. 'Thus she continued until an
end was put to her career. In this time, as
the principal piratical cruiser, she burned
and destroyed sixty-five American ve^els, and
property exceeding ten million dollars. The
indirect damages to our commerce and in
keeping alive the hopes of the rebellion are
beyond computation. The conduct of Captain
Winslow and the crew of the Kearsarge is be-
yond all praise. Nothing in our naval history,
replete with acts of daring and gallantry, is
more brilliant. It equals the exploits of the
Perrys and Rodgerses, who, on the lakes and
the occan, half a century ago, humbled the
pride of England and added renown to our
flag. _
The capture of this rebel cruiser filled our
whole land with rejoicing. There had been
nothing like it in our naval history ; and it
was the more impressive because it was ac-
complished within sight of the English coast,
and under the eyes of the English people.
When the Alabama struck her colors and
went down in the presence of England, who
had from the first encouraged our enemies,
the event gave to us new courage, imparted
to our cause a new impulse, and revived the
flagging hopes of the nation.
1 do not wish to enlarge upon this subject.
I merely call the attention of the House to the
significance of the act which this bill proposes
to compensate. The history of our naval war-
fare presents no achievement more brilliant.
It has been customary to make appropriations
of precisely this class. Two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars was voted to Commo-
dore Perry and his men for their achieve-
ments on Lake Erie, and an additional
$10,000 to himself personally. The whole
estimated value of the vessels destroyed was
voted at that time. For the British vessels
captured on Lake Champlain $400,000, the
full amount of the vessels destroyed, was voted.
For the Algeriue vessels captured by our Navy
$100,000, their full value, was voted by Con-
gress, although the vessels were afterward re-
turned to the Dey of Algiers. In at least
twenty instances in our naval history appro-
priations of this kind have been made, and lor
exploits nothing like as serviceable to the
country as this. In all those cases the full
value of the vessels destroyed has been voted.
I submit a statement of the precedents bearing
upon this case:
1. (Juerrierre by Constitution; amount allowed,
§oU,0(i0; March 3,1813. U Siaiules, 818.)
2 Java bv (Jonstiiution : amount, allowed, $50,000.
3. Peacock by Hornet; amount allowed. ^25,000.
4. firig Detroit  ; amount allowed, yliOUO.
5. Uumdecr .mil Avon by W.isn; amount allowed,
5,50,000, (and twelve months wages.)
The (orcgoing amounts were given without refer-
ence to tlio amount allowed by the existum law.
At the tune of the destruction of the foregoing
vessels there was a prize law existing which gave
" twenty dollars lor each person on board any ship
of an enemy <it the commencement ot an engage-
ment, which shall bo sunk or destroyed by any ship
or vessel belonging to the United States ot equal
or interior force, toe same to be divided among the
oifieers and crew in the same manner as prize
money." t2Statutes-at-Large, page 52; aetofApril
23. 1800.)
'l'iie above grants scern to have hnd no relation to
the law in any respect: for not only were they in
every case largely in excess of its provisions; buttho
American vessels weie, in some cases, ut Mipenor
force, and therelore entitled to nothing, under tho
then existing |n I7,c law.
1. The Frolic by the Wasp; amount allowed,
$25,000; March M, 1S13. (2 Statutes, SIS.)
2. Le lhic lilontrbcllo, Le Petit Chance, and L Intrep-
iie, by Captain Porter; Ihe whole value of the cap-
tured vessels; April 13, 1811. (0 Statutes, 131.)
The abovo vessel* were condemned " lor violation
of the laws of the United States," and the act gives
up the portion of the proceeds that accrued to the
United States, and the reason assigned is "zeal and
activity in eupturing tho same." ...
3 British vessels captured on Lako .brie; April
11,1814. (3 Statutes. 130.)
In this ease i255,000, tho value of trie vessels, Wits
given to bo distributed as prize-money.^ In addi-
uon, ^5,0Q0 wan given to Perry, besides his snare ot
the above pii/.e-money.
4. JintWi vessels captured on Lake Chataplain,
March 3,1815; value ot vessels, fc4u0,000. (3Statutes,
224.229.) . t „
5.Lev«nt by Constitution; amount allowed,
$2j.00U; A pi il 2(5, 1810. (3 Statutes, oUl.)
() Akenno vcnseU oapture'l by Decatur ; amount
allowed, H'XUJOD; April 27, 1S10. Statute*. 31d.)
These vessels were afterward given up to the Dey
of Algiers. , . no.
Tiie existing statute regulating cases ot capture,
like the ioiegoing, ^ems not to have been regarded
anv more than ni the other cases of _ destruction.
It is found in 2 Statutes, page 52,1 April 23,
provides that when the captured vessel snail ot
equal or superior force the captors shall have the
whole; when ot interior, one half.
Judging from tho amounts given, (and without
being able to get any estimates,) it seems a iair pre-
sumption that in all the abo\e cases Congress meant
to give in all cases land without regal d to^superior-
ity or inferiority of force, and with no '?
the statute) about the value ol the vessels destroyed
or captured. ,
This matter having now been brought to the
attention of the House lor the fourth time, the
bill will, I hope; be promptly passed. It is
only an appropriate acknowledgment ot a
most significant victory in a conflict not so
much between Union sailors and confederates,
as between an American vessel commanded
and manned by Americans, and a vessel built
in England, equipped in England, sailing from.
English ports, and under the English flag, and
manned by trained Englishmen. In spite ot
