400,2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
unnecessarily interfered with by tlie prolonga-
tion of this time from July to October. I have
received numerous dispatches and other com-
munications upon this subject, and the effect
of the section as it now stands must unques-
tionably be to embarrass and diminish the
business which is done by those who are en-
gaged in the manufacture of this article in any
and ail parts of the country.
Mr. CHANDLER. Since the 1st day of
January, or about that time, the dealers in
matches have been notified that probably this
tax would be removed. The consequence has
been that all the retail dealers have purchased
very sparingly, and that the manufacturers
have been piling up stock in their factories to
an enormous extent. You will find that all
over the United States the manufacturers hold
very large amounts of stock. They now de-
sire to relieve themselves from this large sur-
plus which has been accumulating ; and they
must either do that or diminish the force now
employed in the production of matches. I was
told the other day by a very large manufac-
turer that he would be compelled to discharge
three or four hundred of his hands if he was
compelled to submit to this further delay.
Then, again, the fall trade commences about
the 1st of July ; orders come from a great
distance; and if this tax is removed on the
1st of July it will enable the dealers all over
the United States to send in their orders at
an early day aud get ready supplies for the
coming winter.
I hope that this amendment of my colleague
will be agreed to, and that the tax will be re-
moved on the 1st day of July.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Ferry.]
Mr. SHE R J1 AN. I call for th e yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. • Before this is done I
again ask the attention of the Senate. I am
afraid the Senate will do an act of meanness
and injustice that I should dislike to have the
Senate of the United States do.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Did the Sen-
ator say that I proposed an act of meanness?
Mr. SHERMAN. I say if the Senate dees
this, it will be an act of injustice, an act of
meanness, in my opinion.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I see the Sen-
ator has qualified his rematk.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not intend to reflect
upon the Senator personally; he knows how
kindly I feel toward him ; but I say this, that
if the Senate of the United States proposes
now to snap up one hundred thousand small
dealprs who would lose by the operation of this
amendment one, five, or six dollars each—
we collect $2,500,000 from the people of the
United States—and to pick them up and
make them lose the tax they have paid on all
the matches on hand, is an act of meanness.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator al-
low me to correct him in one thing? I am
told, and I believe, that the dealers have not
thirty days' supply on hand to-day, perhaps
not twenty days' supply.
Mr. SHERMAN. I represent as many
match manufactories as my friend from Mich-
igan, and 1 know that there is one man here
who is largely interested in going around
and getting this done. How can he tell how
many storekeepers, families, and persons all
over this broad country have matches on hand
that have paid the tax? He knows to whom
he sells, wholesale dealers. So of the great
establishment in Detroit, the owner of which
is here; he sells a great number to large deal-
ers on commission, and they are protected by
this section ; but what about the innumerable
hundreds of thousands of people all over the
country who will be snapped up merely to
give the manufacturers the benefit of a market
for three mouths between July and October?
It would be wrong. The House of Repre-
sentatives, therefore, in considering this mat'
ter, put off the general repeal of the stamp
tax for one year, in order to allow the stamps
in the bands of the people to get out of the
way. We do it with bankers and every other
class of citizens. I would not do injustice to
any individual to the extent of a dollar; but
if we must to some only, I woruld rather do an
injustice to the manufacturers who are large
property-holders. Here we provide for these
manufacturers and provide for refunding to
nobody else. I am satisfied it is wrong, and
1 hope the Senate will not do it.
We sacrifice $625,000 of revenue for six or
seven or a dozen or twenty manufacturers, and
merely hurry forward their market from the 1st
of July to the 1st of October. I hope the
Senate will not do it on the supposition that it
is a small matter, but will let this repeal take
effect with the repeal of all the other stamp
taxes on the 1st of October. These men are
able to hold their stocks on hand until then,
and all the small dealers through the country
will get rid of the supply they hold on which
they have paid to these manufacturers the tax.
When the field is thus clear the manufacturers
will have the broad field of the United States.
The idea of the importers of matches is ab-
surd. These men have the benefit of thirty-
five percent, ad valorem on their matches, and
the stamp tax of one cent which the foreigners
have to put on without abatement.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I desire to ask
a question of the Senator. I ask if that would
not apply at any time? if the law is passed
to take effect on the 1st of October, would not
that condition of circumstances occur as be-
tween the manufacturer and the consumer?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; the manufacturers
know tbat this tax is proposed to be repealed,
and so do the dealers, but 1 ask if all the peo-
ple of the United States know that we have
been debating here and are going to repeal
the tax on matches? There is not one in a
hundred of those who hold small quantities
who have followed the proceedings in Con-
gress and know it. The first they will know
of the repeal of the tax on matches will be
when it is repealed. Probably not till this
law is passed will they know that the tax on
matches is repealed ; and between the passage
of the act and the 1st of October they can get
rid of their stock on hand, and will only buy
enough to get along until the 1st of October.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I do not think
the consumers will do without matches be-
tween this and the 1st of October in order
to be without them when the law takes effect.
They will have matches in the house at that
time, and therefore the objection applies then
as well as now. When the tax is remitted—
and the earlier the better—the consumer gets
the benefit, for the manufacturers add to the
price of matches the amount of tax, and there-
fore the earlier the tax is removed the earlier
will the benefit be derived by the consumer,
and it is on that basis that I am arguing the
question.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Bayard, Blair, Buckingham, Cald-
well, Cameron, Chandler, Clayton. Conkling, Cor-
bett, lorry of Connecticut, Furry of Michigan, Flan-
agan, Brelinghuysen, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock, Norwood,
Saulsbury, Schurz, Spencer. Stewart, Stockton,
and Vickers—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony. Boreman, Car-
penter, Cooper, Fenton, Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Mor-
rill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, .Rob-
ertson, Scott, Sherman. Sumner, Tipton, and
Wright—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn. Brownlow, Casserly,
Cole, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis ot West
Virginia, Edmunds, Gilbert, Hamlin,Harlan, Howe,
Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Nye, Osborn, Patterson,
Pomeroy, FoolfPratt, Ramsey, Ransom, Rice, Saw-
yer, Sprugue, Stevenson, Tburinaa, Trumbull,
West, Wilson, and Windom—32.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Finance, as amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be read now as it
stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The portion
proposed to be inserted will be read.
The Chief Clerk. The part proposed to
be inserted, as amended, reads:
That so much of schedule C as levies a tax and
provides for the stamping of friction matches is
hereby repealed, to take effect July 1,1872; and that
on and after the 1st day of October A. D., 1872, all
the tax imposed by stamps under and by virtue of
schedules B and C, of section ono hundred and
seventy of the act of June 30. 1864, and all acts or
part of acts amendatory thereof, be and are hereby
repealed.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ha~ve an amendment
prepared to offer to that section, but I feel
very indifferent now about the whole stamp
section. At the end of line forty-three, after
the words "acts amendatory thereof," I pro-
pose to insert " except the stamp tax on bro-
kers levied by section ninety-nine of said act."
It is not the purpose of this section to affect
the tax on brokers and bankers.
Mr. CONKLING. What is section ninety-
nine tbat is referred to?
Mr. SHERMAN. Section ninety-nine levies
a tax on brokers on sales and contracts for the
sale of gold, stocks, bullion, and promissory
notes at the rate of one cent on the $100. The
tax on brokers and bankers is not intended to
be disturbed in this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. But that is a stamp tax,
I understand ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is. I feel indifferent
myself whether it is ripealed or not.
Mr. CONKLING. Then do not let us adopt
it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply move to insert
the exception here in deference to the com-
mittee. «
Mr. CONKLING. I hope the Senator will
not press that amendment. I thought one of
the things we were agreed upon was to get
rid of the stamp tax. If we are going to get
rid of it, I think we had better make a clean
sweep of the whole matter. I do not want at
this moment to anticipate any question about
the tax on banters ; but I hope when we reach
it we shall pay some attention to it. It is
called a tax on bankers, but it is a tax on the
people, and I think a very obnoxious tax.
This, however, is a separate matter ; this is to
repeal the stamp tax. If we are going to have
an end of the stamp tax, I submit we ought to
do it, and not compel brokers and bankers to
put a one-cent stamp on each $100 on certain
contracts. The effect of the section now is to
dismiss stamps, except as to this class of con-
tracts and this class of persons as to which we
retain stamps. I think it is high time to make
an end of the stamp tax, and I wish to vote
to abolish it in the broadest sense.
Mr. SHERMAN. Having called the atten-
tion of the Senate to this fact, the stamp tax
on brokers being levied by a different section
from that named here, I simply feel that my
duty is done. J do not desire to continue the
stamp tax on brokers any longer than other
Senators desire to do so. Perhaps many Sen-
ators may suppose it is not repealed when it
will be repealed by the effect of this language.
I have done my duty in calling attention to
the fact.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I desire
to offer an amendment to this section. In
line forty-four, page 75, after the word "re-
pealed," I propose this amendment:
And provided. That in the meantime—
That is before the 1st of Oetober—
the holder of any instrument of writing of whatover
