418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
There is another bill which, we shall report to
which the debate which has been indulged in
by the gentleman from New York and the gen-
tlemen from Pennsylvania will be more appro-
priate, and that is in relation to a ship-canal
across the Isthmus. [Laughter.]
message from the president.
Mr. Horace Porter, Private Secretary to
the President, announced to the House that
the President had approved and signed a bill
and joint resolution of tiie following titles:
An act (R. R. No. 484) making an appro-
priation to supply a deficiency in the appro-
priation for expenses of the join't select Com-
mittee on Alleged Outrages in the Southern
States; and
Joint resolution (H. E. No. 56) donating
certain condemned cannon for a soldiers' monu-
ment.
consul at tien-tsin.
Mr. DAWES. Will my colleague yield to
me for a few moments ?
Mr. BANKS. I will yield to my colleague,
who, I understand, desires to discuss the bill
itself.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say a word, not
in reference to the debate which hasjustsprung
up between the gentleman from New York
and the gentlemen from Pennsylvania, but in
regard to the bill which is before the House.
I was a good deal impressed by the remarks of
the gentleman from Ohio, [ Mr. Siiellabarger,]
who seemed to think that, the great and crying
evil of our civil service is a lack of adequate
compensation. I agree with him that there
are instances of consuls who are inadequately
paid, and that there are lamentable instances
of poor appointments and bad services in that
class of offices. I agree, also, to the bill that
is reported, and that the bill might judiciously
be extended so as to apply to other consuls,
but I desire to enter my protest against the idea
that the cure for all these evils is in an increase
of compensation.
Sir, there are instances of great and large
and ample compensationthathave not brought
about this result. I have before me a state-
ment that illustrates that fact; and if we had
succeeded in the effort here made, some light
upon the service, in connection with this very
bill, would have been here now for the in-
formation of the House. In July, 1870, the
Committee on Appropriations provided for the
appointment of agents to visit all these con-
suls and report upon their actual condition
and compensation and services, and in order
that we might secure for this purpose just that
kind of services which the gentleman from
Ohio has so eloquently pressed en the House
as a necessity, we provided that the agents
should have a compensation of $5,000 a year
and nee'essary expenses, being at the Treasury
Department ten cents a mile for traveling.
Now, see the result of all this. Au agent was
sent out, commissioned to visit the consuls in
China and Japan and to proceed thence to
South America, and what- was the resultY He
spent thhteen months in that operation, and
he has brought back nothing that the Depart-
ment has deemed worthy of being submitted
to the public eye.
But what has he done? He went over to
Japan at ten cents a mile, and a compensation
of $5,000 a year. He then went down the
eoast of China, and I doubt not visited tnis
very consulate, the most important in China.
Then, instead of going thence to the coast
of South America, he came back to England,
either around the world or across by San
Iraneisco and New York. Then he went to
Rio Janeiro, and so on around Cape Horn,
along the coast of South America, and back
to the United States, and in going to China
he traveled, according to the report of expenses
from the Treasury Department, 54,441^ miles.
He is now at home resting on hia laurels and
on his salary.
Mr. BANKS. Let me ask my colleague
[Mr. Dawes] if he believes this man could
have traveled any more, if he had done his
best? [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. No; I do not think he could.
That is a specimen of the men who are amply
paid. 1 submit that he should be entitled '-the
great American traveler." He is now under
pay, and resting on his salary and his laurels.
I took up a paper the same day that I got. this
return of the fruits of all this proceeding, and
I saw that while this great traveler is resting
here on this salary a now and fresh agent is
sent out to examine into the accounts of Consul
General Butler, at Alexandria; and the paper
announced, with some satisfaction and some
relief, that he had arrived there. [Laughter.]
Sir, something beyond ample compensa-
tion is necessary to secure reform in the civil
service, and efficiency in that service, as well
abroad as at home. I only submit this to
show that thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shel-
labarger,] while he speaks well and forcibly,
does not reach the evil. It is in the charac-
ter of the appointment and in the efficiency
of the administration ; and, more than that, it
is not the allowance of compensation, which
every man knows.
Mr. BOTLEH, of Massachusetts. Does not
my colleague [Mr. Dawes] think that gen-
tleman could have passed an examination?
Mr. DAWES. I think he could. My col-
league [Mr. Botler] will not turn me from
my argument with any idea, that any rule pre-
scribed and laid down by three men as to the
mode of examination is going to effect a cure
of this evil. Jtis in the efficiency of admin-
istration, and there alone, that the evil is to be
remedied. Until those who make appoint-
ments and are responsible for the perform-
ance of the duties by those they pnt in place
have either the instinct or the desire to select
the right men for the right place, and make
those men discharge their duty, and do so faith-
fully—until then, and not until then, will there
be a reform in the civil service.
Mr. BANKS. I do not think I can yield
further.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman yield to
me 1
Mr. BANKS. If it has nothing at all to do
with the subject under consideration, I suppose
I must yield to be consistent. [Laughter. J
Mr. HOAR. I desire to ask my colleague
[Mr. Dawes] if he thinks these improper ap-
pointments have not been very largely due to
the importunities upon the appointing power
of members of this House and of the other?
Mr. DAWES. With the permission of my
other colleague, [Mr. Bakks,] I will suggest
to him, in order that he may be relieved, that
the expiration of the hour does not necessarily
cut him off.
Mr. BANKS. Very good.
Mr. DAWES. 1 believe, to answer my col-
league near me, [Mr. Hoar,] that a single rule
adopted by the Executive, that no man who
brings a recommendation from a member of
Co ngress unasked shall receive any appoint-
ment whatever at the hands of the Executive,
would do more to reform the civil service of
this country than any elaborate system the
result of any commission whatever.
Mr. BAN KS. The gentleman must remem-
ber thattne Committee on Foreign Affairs have
something to do. We have witnessed this ex-
hibition of rhetorical fire-works, and I think
I must resume the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman yield
to me ?
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise only for the pur-
pose of answering the inquiry of my honorable
colleague [Mr. Siiellabarger] why this bill
is reported in this particular instance for the
consul at lien-Tsin. The House will notice
that the State Department in its annual report
notified the House that by reason of the judi-
cial functions imposed upon the oriental con-
suls of the United Statesit was deemed highly
improper that any of them should depend upon
fees for their services; for it is certainly
altogether unfit, and I may add altogether in-
decent, that an official who is charged with
judicial functions over the properly and the
liberty of citizens of the United States should
in any manner whatever be dependent upon
his fees for the judgments he gives.
Tien-Tsin, by reason of some inadvertence,
is an exception to the general rule of consul-
ates in the empire of China. Your consular
general at Shanghai receives a salary. Your
consul at Canton receives a salary of $4,000;
your consul at Fow-Chow a salary of $3,500 ;
your consul at Amoy, §3,500. Y'et at Tien-
Tsin, where the vessels arriving during six
months exceeded by nine the entire number
of vessels arriving at these other ports, (which
indicates, of course, the extent of the business,)
the consul is dependent upon fees. Tien-Tsin
is, as has been said by the chairman of the
committee, [Mr. Banks,] the largest importer
in China of cotton fabrics from America. It
is the port of entry to the capital of the em-
pire. Yet, by mere inadvertence, the consulate
at this port remains a feed officer.
In prosperous times, when there is nothing
to interrupt the transaction of affairs, I have
no doubt the fees would be twofold the amount
of the salary. But that is not the question.
The Government of the United States cannot
afford to impose judicial functions upon its
officials in important ports abroad, and allow
them to depend for their support upon fees.
As justifying the report of the committee I
read from the report made by the Secretary
of State to the last Congress :
"The oriental consulates have all been placed
upon the footing of schedule B, and it is proposed
not to permit these consuls to engage in business.
The Department thinks there is manifest propriety
in this, since those consuls possess judicial Junc-
tions, and are often called upon to decide questions
between citizens of the United States engaged in
trade."
Tien-Tsin is the only considerable port in
the Chinese empire that has not a salaried
official as consul.
Mr. BANKS. I call the previous question
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to read, in reply to
my colleague, the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Dawes,] an extract
from the report of the commissioner who was
sent out to examine the consulates at China,
and who stopped just long enough at Tien-
Tsin to recommend the passage of this bill.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. What is his name?
Mr. BANKS. His name is De B. Randolph
Keim. He says:
"The existence of a powerful element, still un-
weaned from the prejudices of exclusion and super-
stition, and the growing interests covered by the
flag of the United States, demand, in my opinion, a
speedy establishment here of a full consulate, the
omcial head to oe a citizen of the United Stare?, with
a competent salary. This officer sh:.uld be one of
experience in consular affairs as well a-s of familiar-
ity with Chinese character, customs, and govern-
mental concerns."
And the Secretary of State, in a letter on
this subject to the committee, last year, says:
oriental consulates have all been nlaccd
upon the footing of schedule B, and it is proposed
"pf these eonsuls to engage in business,
lhe .Department thinks there is manifest propriety
m this, since those consuls possess judicial func-
tions, and are often culled upon to decidc Questions
ti^de^/1 citizens of the United States engaged in
I have nothing further to say on the bill.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 ask my
colleague to yield to me for a moment.
at ^ yield to the gentleman.
Mr. BL1LER, of Massachusetts. I do not
know, Mr. Speaker, whether or not Mr. Keim,
the consular agent of whom my colleague [Mr.
Dawes] has spoken, has done his duty ; but I
think it is a little harsh upon him to arraign
