1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1315
not be reduced; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Maine, late soldiers in the United States
Army, asking Congress to pass an act giving
to all soldiers, sailors, and marines, and to
the heirs of those who are deceased, $8 33^
per month for the entire time served, deduct-
ing therefrom all Government bounties here-
tofore received by them : which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial num-
erously signed by citizens of the United
States, protesting against any amendment to
the Constitution of the United States intro-
ducing the name of God or' of the Saviour;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also presented a memorial of colored
citizens of California, protesting against pro-
scription on account of race, color, or previous
condition of servitude, and praying for the
passage of the supplementary civil rights bill;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the memorial of C. E. Will-
son, son and heir, and for the coheirs of George
Willson, deceased, of Cheyenne, Wyoming
Territory, praying to be indemnified for spoli-
ations committed by the French prior to the
year 1801; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Ohio, late soldier's of the United States Army,
praying the equalization of bounties at $8 33j
per month for time of service, and bounty land
without requirement of settlement, to Union
soldiers and sailors and marines in the war of
the rebellion ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
lie also presented a petition of merchants
of Boston, dealers in tea and coffee, praying
that if the law abolishing or reducing duties
on lea and coffee shall pass, at least six months'
time be granted before the same shall take
effect, so that all may be prepared alike to
meet the change; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of merchants
of Boston, Massachusetts, dealers in tea and
coffee, praying that if the law abolishing or
reducing duties on tea and coffee shall pass,
at least ninety days' time be granted before
the same shall take effect, so that all may be
prepared alike to meet the change ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Worcester, Massachusetts, asking Congress to
pass a law prohibiting the sale of intoxicating
liquors throughout the District of Columbia;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Boston, praying that the manufacture and
sale of all intoxicating liquors to be used as a
beverage be prohibited ; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the memo-
rial of Charles Francis and others, citizens of
Connecticut, praying indemnification for spoli-
ations committed by the French prior to the
year 1801; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented the memorial of Gurdon
Bobbins, of Hartford, Connecticut, praying
remuneration for losses sustained by armed
French vessels prior to 1800; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of citizens
of Wallingford, Connecticut, requesting the
Government of the United States to use its
influence with other nations to secure an
adjustment of all international difficulties by
arbitration; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
He also presented a memorial of citizens of
Meriden, Connecticut, signed by the mayor of
the city, requesting the Government of the
United States to use its influence with other
nations to secure an adjustment of all inter-
national difficulties by arbitration; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
He also presented the memorial of Charles
W. Dennison, asking for the pay of a chaplain
after his resignation but while engaged in other
public service for the Government at the re-
quest of the President; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of to-
bacco manufacturers of the city of St. Louis,
Missouri, praying the enactment of a law affix-
ing a revenue stamp to each plug of tobacco;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
He also presented the petition of Charles G.
Easterbrook, publisher of the Weymouth Ga-
zette, Norfolk county, Massachusetts, praying
that section one hundred and sixty-two of the
codified postal laws, now pending in Congress,
may be so amended that persons known as
regular publishers and dealers in newspapers
and periodicals may receive by mail such quan-
tities of either as they may require, in bulk,
whether wholly or in part printed, and pay the
postage thereon, as received, at the same rates
pro rata as regular subscribers to publications
weighing four ounces, who pay quarterly in
advance; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Koads.
He also presented the memorial of J. H.
Hero, M. D., W. J. Baton, S. M. Griggs, and
other citizens of Westboro, Worcester county,
Massachusetts, asking that no candidate shall
hereafter be deemed eligible to any Federal
office who is addicted to the use of intox-
icating liquors as a beverage; which was
referred to the Committee on the J udiciary.
He also presented the petition of J. Hero,
M. D., W. J. Eaton, S. M. Griggs, and others,
citizens of Westboro, Worcester county, Massa-
chusetts, asking for the prohibition of the
manufacture, sale, and importation of all in-
toxicating liquors to be used as a beverage ;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. CARPENTER. I present the me-
morial of Cramer, Aikens & Cramer, one of
the most enterprising publishing firms in the
country, who are engaged in a business which
I believe they originated—publishing one side
of a newspaper, and carrying on their business
in various States of the Union. They ask a
modification of the postal law. The petition
is the same in tenor as those I have heretofore
presented on the same subject. I move its
reference to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, presented the
memorial of Henry D. Didier, grandson and
heir of the late Thomas Levant, of Balti-
more, Maryland, and of Mrs. Antoinette M.
Shepard, heir of the late Captain John Marsh,
of Wethersfield, Rocky Hill, Hartford, Con-
necticut, praying indemnification for spolia-'
tions committed by France between the years
1700 and 1801; which was ordered to lie on
the tabic.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
citizens of the State of Ohio, late soldiers of
the United States Army, asking Congress to
pass an act giving to all soldiers, sailors, and
marines, and to the heirs of those who are
deceased, $8 33^ per month for the entire time
served, deducting therefrom all Government
bounties heretofore received by them : which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of citi-
zens of Iowa, soldiers in the late war to sup-
press the rebellion, praying the speedy enact-
ment by Congress of' a law giving $8 33J per
month for the entire time served, deductingall
Government bounty heretofore paid, and also
of a law to grant bounty lands to soldiers who
served in said war, and to the widows and chil-
dren of such as have died ; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented the petition of
Warner T. Jones, of Gloucester county. Vir-
ginia, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. STEVENSON presented the petition
of Major Alexander Montgomery, quarter-
master United States Army, praying the enact-
ment of a law promoting officers in the Army
according to seniority; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. POOL presented the memorial of Julia
G. Cameron, widow of James Cameron, who
was the heir, and for the coheirs, of George
Cameron, deceased, praying indemnification
for spoliations committed by the French prior
to the year 1801; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
1USP0RTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 724) suplementary to an act en-
titled "An act to incorporate the Texas Pacific
Railroad Company and to aid in the con-
struction of its road, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3, 1871, reported it with
amendments.
Mr. COLE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations to report back the bill
(Ii. R. No. 1191) making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June
30, 1873, and for other purposes, with sundry
amendments. I give notice that I will try to
call it up immediately after the disposal of the
Indian appropriation bill, which is the next
one to follow the legislative, executive, and
judicial bill.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont. Iamdirected
by the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds to report back the bill (H. R. No.
1543) to provide for the erection of a public
building at Quiney, Illinois, for the accomo-
dation of a post office, custom-house, and
other public offices, adversely; and at the
request of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] I ask that it go upon the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar, with the adverse report-
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 512) to
provide for the erection of a building suitable
for the use of the United States courts, post
office, and other necessary offices, at Charles-
town, West Virginia, reported adversely
thereon.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will bo
indefinitely postponed unless some Senator
desires that it be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Let it go on
the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar, with the adverse report.
Mr. MORRILL, ofVermont, also, from the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom was referred the petition of citizens of
Mississippi, for the erection of acustom-honse
and post office at Shieldsborough, Mississippi,
asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration ; which was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was recommitted
the bill (H. R. No. G55) for the relief of suf-
ferers by fire at Chicago, to report it back with
an amendment striking out all after the enact-
ing clause and inserting a substitute. I will
state that the bill as now reported back is sub-
stantially the bill as it first passed the Senate.
The bill as it now stands reported from the
committee, I may state, omits all specifications
of articles, and allows a drawback on all arti-
cles that may enter into the construction of
buildings erected on the burnt district, with
this additional amendment: "to be used in
buildings erected on the site occupied hereto-
fore by buildings," instead of "in buildings
erected within the burnt district." With that
exception the bill stands as reported originally,
