1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3107
'I appropriation is one which more or less affects
the credit of the Government. The wild state-
5, merit that there are $165,000,000 paid annu-
ally out of the Treasury of the United States
Vwithout undergoing the supervision of Con-
egress, is all bosh. They consist of appro-
priations affecting the public debt: interest,
l $125,000,000 ; -sinking fund, $50,000,000 ;
$4,500,000 for collecting customs ; $2,500,000
'• to pay for printing and other expenses of car-
I; sying on the operations of the loan depart-
; ment; and the others are small matters re-
■ lating to the arming of the militia $200,000 a
year, and $700,000 for the Post Office Depart-
• ment, and matters of that kind,
v Mr. WINDOM. I ask the Senator whether
he thinks the repeal of the $700,000 appro-
priation to the Post Office Department would
affect the credit of our Government?
- Mr. SHERMAN. Notatail. The amend-
ment is right enough. I know that my hon-
. orable friend, when he got up here and stated
that $165,000,000 were annually taken out of
, the Treasury without appropriation by Con-
gress, in the nature of permanent appropri-
. ations, and that the people did not see what
•this $165,000,000 was being paid for, under-
stood the matter perfectly; but I was afraid
_ that his remark would be seized upon in its
general ter-ms and perverted.
.. Mr. WINDOM. Is it not strictly true?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is strictly true; but
if he had added that the whole of this
$165,000,000 was paid out in pursuance of
law for interest on the public debt and for
other items of a permanent character like
those he names, $700,000 for the Post Office
Department and other things, the whole of
which is fixed b.y laws of a permanent char-
acter, and not paid for objects that might pos-
sibly be perverted to any other purpose, he
would have prevented his remarks being mis-
construed. I only make this statement to pre-
vent the general observation made by him
being misunderstood by the people at large.
The whole of this fund of $165,000,000 con-
sists of items for interest on the public debt
or some other permanent provision, which for
many years has been the subject of permanent
appropriation by Congress.
Mr. WINDOM. I am not convinced yet
that we should repeal the standing appropria-
tion to pay the interest on the public debt;
but the only repeal which we now propose to
make is of that which does not affect the
interest on the public debt, and I think it would
be good policy to cut down these permanent
appropriations as low as we can. I am not
prepared to say that I should not vote for
the other; but in stating the amount at
$163,000,000 I did not mean to say that the
money had been wasted or that any extra
amount was appropriated, but only that so far
as we could go, we thought it was true policy
to bring it under the supervision of Congress.
Mr. MORTON. Is it in order now to move
an amendment as a substitute for the amend-
ment we are considering?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ment under consideration is simply to change
the amount from $4,749,001 to $5,449,001.
Mr. MORTON. We have not got to the
other proposition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not yet. The
question is on the amendment changing the
amount of the appropriation in line three of
section five.
Mr. CASSERLY. Does this amendment
involve the question which was discussed be-
tween the Senator from Ohio and the Senator
from Minnesota a few moments ago?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that comes up on the next amendment. This
indirectly relates to that, not directly.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to say a few
words on the general question spoken of by
those two Senators. The Senator from Ohio
considered it necessary to reply to the Senator
from Minnesota in order to repel any infer-
ences that might be drawn from his statement.
There was no question between them as to the
matter of fact. The Senator from Ohio con-
ceded what the Senator from Minnesota had
stated, that $165,000,000 were paid out annu-
ally without passing through the forms of
legislation.
Mr. SHERMAN. The permanent appro-
priations.
Mr. CASSERLY. Now, sir, I think that
many will, like myself, be astonished to hear
that. The Senator from Ohio rested his de-
fense of such principle upon the general state-
ment that those appropriations were of a class
with respect to the public credit. Whether
that be a sufficient reason or not, I must ques-
tion the accuracy of that Senator's statement
as to all the appropriations of which he spoke.
The Senator, whose great knowledge on the
subject makes it proper for me at least to
listen to everything he says with attention and
respect, has just informed us that four and a
half millions are paid out annually without an
appropriation by Congress made from year to
year for the expenses of collecting the cus-
toms. In what way does that subject concern
the public credit? Is there any sanctity in
regard to the customs service as distinguished
from any other branch of the service of this
country ? I should be very glad to see that
whole system changed from first to last. Con-
gress, I think, may be trusted to take care of
the public credit, and it is a very wholesome
practice to bring under the observation and
actual legislation of both Houses of Congress
all the appropriations from year to year.
Mr SHERMAN. I will state that the whole
of the permanent appropriations, except, about
ten millions, is covered by what is called the
original loan act of February, 1862. That, con-
tains a specific pledge of the customs to secure
the payment of the interest on the public debt
and a sinking fund of one per cent, per annum,
and it is under that law, passed during the war
by the unanimous consent of every member
of the Senate, that the customs receipts are
pledged specifically to the payment of tbe
interest and principal of the public debt. A
permanent appropriation is made of that fund
to the extent of the amount of the interest of
the public debt and one per cent, of the prin-
cipal as a sinking fund. That is the only per-
manent appropriation of any character that I
know of which it is absolutely necessary to
keep up as a permanent appiopriation, because
that is part of the stipulation on which our
bonds were issued.
I agree myself, so far as the other items of
appropriation of a permanent character are
concerned, that it would bo just as well to have
them made annually like the appropriations
to pay the salaries of judges and members of
Congress; but it has been a matter of con-
venience to allow these funds to remain as
permanent appropriations. For instance, the
appropriation of $200,000 for arming the
militia has, ever since the foundation of the
Government, been of a permanent character,
and arms annually distributed under it. The
appropriation for the Post Office Department
has been in force ever since the first authority
to frank documents was conferred, and was
given in lieu of the privilege conferred upon
members of Congress to frank documents. 1
think the amount is $700,000. The perma-
nent appropriation for the expense of collect-
ing customs was first made I think in 1855, at
any rate while I was a member of the House
of Representatives, and attention was called
to it, and it was then made as a permanent
appropriation.
There is no special reason why these appro-
priations might not be carried in our annual
appropriations. It would make no difference
to the public service, because the expenditure
of that money comes under the same supervis-
ion, under the same scrutiny, goes through
the same Auditors and Comptrollers as if it.
was in the annual appropriation bills. The
appropriations of a permanent character are
less than the amount needed, because there
are in addition to the permanent appropria-
tions of money, annual appropriations for the
same purposes. So that the result would be,
if we should repeal the permanent appropria-
tions, we should only have to increase our
annual appropriations.
But what 1 rose to say was that the per-"
manent appropriation relative to the public
debt enters into our loan law and therefore
must be maintained. To secure pledge the
customs receipts are specifically set apart in
the Treasury every year. Year by year, every
dollar that is received is set apart to the ex-
tent of the interest on the public debt and the
sinking fund. That is the reason it is neces-
sary to maintain that permanent appropria-
tion. It is a reason that applies only to that.
I have the law here now and I will read it to
the Senate. I read from the act of February
25, 1862:
"That all duties on imported goods shall be paid
in coin, or in notes payable on demand heretofore
authorized to be issued and by law receivable in pay-
ment of public dues, and the coin so paid shall be
set apart as a special fund, and shall be applied as
follows:
" First, to the payment in coin of the interest oa
the bonds and notes of the United States.
" Second, to the purchase or payment of one por
cent, of tho entire debt of the United States, to be
made within each fiscal year after the 1st day of
July, 1862. which is to be set apart as a sinking fund,
and the interest of which shall in like manner be
applied to the purchase or payment of the public
debt as the Secretary of the Treasury shall from time
to time direct.
" Third, the residue thereof to be paid into the
Treasury of the United States."
So that the Senate will see that the public
faith is pledged ever since the act of February
25, 1862, that so much of this fund as is neces-
sary for the interest and the sinking fund shall
be irredeemably pledged. That pledge, as a
matter of course, the Senator from California
would be as anxious to fulfill as any member
of the Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio one question, and that is
whether a statement of what are called per-
manent appropriations does not annually ap-
pear in the statement of the Treasury Depart-
ment?
Mr. SHERMAN. The law requires them to
be printed, and they are printed with the an-
nual estimates, together with the laws which
authorize them.
Mr. CASSERLY. My idea is that it is
most conducive to wholesome and intelligent
legislation that all the appropriations should
pass at regular short periods through the legis-
lation of Congress, so that they shall pass
under the eyes of members of Congress. The
saying, " out of sight out of mind," is pecu-
liarly applicable to expenditures of money.
Any system which withdraws from the con-
stant supervision and the regular responsibility
of both Houses of Congress the expenditures
of the Government, is to that extent, in. my
judgment, a mischievous one. I agree to
what the Senator has said in regard to the
pledge of certain funds or certain means of
the Government to the public debt. How is
that pledge made? Made by a law. Is there
any reason to believe that the Congresses
which have succeeded the Congress which
made that law are any the less reliable, any
the less to be trusted in that respect?
Why should those appropriations be with-
drawn from the legislation of Congress year
after year? I present that as a question of
wholesome and wise legislation. There is at
least, accordingto my impression, one Govern-
ment in Europe in which it is required as a
matter of immemorial usage that all appro-
priations should go through its Legislature
every year. That is what I say should be the
case here. It is very little to observe that this
information may be found in Treasury state-
ments. How many read them ? What we
read and what we know about is the biils that
pass through the body. It does seem to me
