1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2211
opposition to that proposition came mainly from
the gentleman's friends, and although I do not
go for that, 1 do say that as an offset 111 the way
of compensation to the Army, this great peo
pie can and will and are to-day doing for the
soldiers something; they ought to do more.
But that is not a reason yhy we should not do
justice here in accordance with the principles
of the law of prizes. The law recognizes the
very principles of this bill, and it has been acted
on in scores of cases in this country.
I yield a moment, to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, permit me to
say that there is no foundation in principle
for the distinction which the honorable gen-
tleman from Connecticut makes between I he
men of the Navy and the men of the Army
in regard to prize law. I know that the statutes
make a distinction. The sailor gets all the
advantages of the legislation which we have
adopted for the benefit of soldiers, and they
have prize money in addition. Soldiers have
no claim to prize money in any case, and yet
their captures are not limited to property on
land, of cities, or other tangible property of
that nature, but most of the soldiers ot the
Army know very well that many siiips have
been captured and many ships destroyed by
the Army in the same way thaUthe Alabama
was destroyed by the officers and crew of the
Kearsarge, and there is no foundation in prin-
ciple whatever for the distinction which gives
sailors prize money in these cases and denies
it to soldiers. I do not claim it for soldiers,
nor do 1 deny it to the sailors of the Kearsarge,
but I say that the soldiers of the Army are
entitled, "in equity and justice, upon the same
principles, 1 recall one instance when nearly
the enlire active navy of the river Mississippi
was saved by the men ot the Army, and if
there is any justice in the principle on which
prize law is founded, the soldiers of the de-
partment of the Gulf, who saved to the Gov-
ernment the Mississippi fleet on Red river,
would be entitled to millions of dollars for the
property thus saved by them.
•Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have no de-
a'tre to discriminate against them. 1 now call
the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the gentleman
does tlia't 1 hope he will allow me to say a
word.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. No, sir; lean-
not.
Mr. COX. I would like to make a motion
to lefer this bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Dawes
in the chair.) That is not in order pending
the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
The question recurred upon ordering the
main question to be now put; and being put,
there were—ayes 50, noes 42; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stark-
weather and Slocum were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 71, noes 56.
So the main question was ordered.
The first, question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Hale; and being put. the amendment
was agreed to.
The question recurred upon ordering the
bill, as amended, to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being put, there were—ayes
62, noes 51: no quorum voting.
Mr. STARKWEATHER called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 58, not voting
92; as follows:
YTIAS —Messrs. Archer, Averill, Banks Barber,
Barry, Beveridge, (jporgo M. Brooks, buckley, But-
finton, Benjamin F.Butler, Uobb, Coghlan, Oonger,
Cotton. Crocker, Dawes, Bunnell, Eanies, iunkem-
burg, Fryc, Hale, George E. Harris, U&vena, Haw-
Icy, Hay, Hays, John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar,
Hooper, Ivolluy, Kendall, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe,
Maynard, McClelland, MoCrary, MoGrew, Mc-
Junkin.Mercur, Merriam.Mitchell, MonroeJSloore,
Morey, Leonard Myers, Packard, Packer, .Palmer,
Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry,
Peters, Piatt, Poland, Prindle, Rainey, Ellis II.
Roberts, Rogers, Sargent, Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shoemaker, H. Boaidman Smith, John A.
Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague,
Starkweather. Stevenson, Stowell, Strong, Sypher,
Taffe, Thomas, Washington Townsend, Turner,
Twichell, Tyner, Upson, "Wakeman, Waldron, Wal-
lace. Williams of Indiana, and John T. Wilson—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Arthur, Bird, Braxton,
Burchard, Caldwell, Conner, Cox, Critcher, Dairall,
De Large, l)onnan. Dox, Du Bo«e, Duke, flarrett,
(*etz, Golladay, Haldeman, Hancock, Handley,
Hank5!, Harmer, John T. Harris, Gerry W. llazel-
ton, Hereford, Ilerndon, Hibbard, Holman, King,
Leach, Lewis, Manson, McCormick, Mcllenry, Me-
Intyre, Benjamin F. Meyers, Morgan, Ilosea W.
Parker, Potter, Read, Ritchie, Sherwood, Shober,
Slater, Sloeuin, Stovens, Storm, Swann, Terry,
Tuthill, Vftn Trump, Vausrhan, Walden, Warren,
Wells, Wood, and Young—58.
NOT VOTING- — Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Ames,
Barnum, Bentty, Beck, Bell, Bigby, Biggs, Bing-
ham, Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Boles. Bright,
James Brooks, Burdett, Roderick R. Butler, Camp-
bell, Carroll, William T. Cl.n k. Freeman Clarke,
Goburn, Comingo, Crebs, Crecly, Crossland, Davis,
Dickey, Duel!, Eldrcdge, Elliott, Ely, Farnsvyurth,
Farweli, Forker, Charles Fohtcr, Henry 1). Foster,
Wilder 1). Foster, Garfield, (-ioodrich, Griffith. Hal-
sey. Hambleton, Harper. Houghton, Kellogg, Kerr,
Ketcham, Killinger, Kiusolla, Lnmi&on, Lynch,
Marshall, McKee, McKiuney, MoNeely, Merrick,
Morphis, Negley, Niblack. Urr, Perce, £ii Ferry,
Porter, Price, Randall, Edward Y. Rice. John M.
Rice, William R. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt,
Rusk, Scofield, Seeley, Shellabarger, Sio^s, Worth-
ingtoji C. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Stoughton, ot.
John. Sutherland. Dwight Townsend, Voorhees,
Waddell, Walls, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitthorne,
Willard, Williams of Now York, Jeremiah M. Wil-
son, and Winchester—92.
So the main question was ordered.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HENRY HOOVER.
Mr. HAYS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported adversely upon the bill of the
House No. 54, to restore Henry Hoover, late
a naval constructor, to the place from which
he was dismissed, and moved that the com-
mittee be discharged from the farther consid-
eration of the bill, and that the same be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
It. H. GREEN.
Mr. COGHLAN, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill (H. ii. No.
220G) for payment to K. M. Green for the
use of his patent by the Government; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Navy to pay out of any surplus
from appropriations or other moneys belong-
ing to the Government and at his disposal tho
sum of $10,000 to K. M. Gieen, in full for the
use by the Government of his patent machine
for bending chain cable links, connecting,
shackle, and tackle-books.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does not this
bill contain an appropriation ; and if so, must,
it nut receive its first consideration in Com-
mittee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. The bill provides for the
payment of the sum " out of any surplus from
appropriations or other moneys belonging to
the Government and at iiis [the Secretary of
the Navy] disposal.'1 The Chair rules that
the bill do-s not make an appropriation.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third lime; and being engrossed, it was
i accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COGHLAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on (he table.
l The litter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES W. WHITNEY.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported, with amendment, a bill
(H. R. No. 445} for the relief of Charles W.
Whitney.
The bill, which was read, appropriates the
sum of $61,000, out of any moneys in theTreas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to pay Charles
W. Whitney for the enlargement of the iron-
clad battery Keokuk, upon the execution and
delivery by said Whitney of a receipt in full
for all demands against the United States on
account of the construction of said vessel.
The amendment reported from the commit-
tee was to strike out the words " and the same
pay, auu tu i-ut. wuiuo pa.i\* ^
also to add to the bill the words " the said
sum to be paid out of any amount hereafter to
be appropriated;" so that the bill will read:
That the sum of $61,000 be paid to Charles W.
Whitney for the enlargement of the iron-clad bat-
teiy Keokuk, upon tho execution and delivery by
said Whitney ot a receipt in full for all demands
against the United States on account of the con*
struction of said vessel, the said sum to be paid out
of any amount hereafter to be appropriated.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does not this
bill cintain an appropriation ? '
Mr. A RCHBR. It will not when amended.
The SPEAKER. Suppose the House should
not concur in the amendment?
Mr. ARCHER. I ask that the sense of the
House be taken upon it.
The SPEAKER. Non constat _ that the
House will agree to it. The Chair cannot
rule upon possibilities of the future action of
the House, but must rule upon the bo'dy of the
bill, which contains an appropriation.
Mr. ARCHElt. Will it be m order to move
to go into tlie Committee of the Whole on the
Piivate Caleudar, for the purpose of consider-
ing this bill?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order, but if agreed to, the billson the Private
Calendar must, be considered in their order.
Mr. ARCHER. 1 ask, then, that the bill be
recommitted to the Committee on Naval Affairs
with leave to report a substitute as an original
bilU ■ , • 4 ,
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly. .
DISTRICT RBFORM SCHOOL.
Mr. POLAND. I-ask leave to report back
from the Committee for the District of Columbia
the bill (II. 11. No. 1083) leluting to the Reform
School of the District of Columbia. Tho com-
mittee have diiected mc to submit a favorable
report upon the subject in writing, and to ask
that the bill and accompanying report he re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
that order wiil be made.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
mary m. dodd.
Mr. PLATT. The Committee on Naval
Affairs have directed me to move that they be
discharged from the further consideration ot
the case of Mary M. Dodd? widow of Matthew
M. Dodd, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions. This is in accord-
ance with the action of the House m a pre-
vious case. , .
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the Committee on Naval Affairs wi e is
charged from the consideration of this case,
and the papers will be referred to the Com-
' mitree on Invalid Pensions. a a
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr DICKEY". Mr. Speaker, as the rnorn-
i.,o hour has expired, I rise for the purpose of
moving that the House resolve itself into the
Commntee of the Whole, to resume he con-
sideration of the Army appropriation bill.
