3108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
that there can be 110 injury possible to result
to the public credit, and much good mustfiow
to the economical and efficient administration
of the Government, if all these appropriations
were to pass through Congress annually.
Mr. SPRA.GUE. Mr. President, I have
but a word to say, and it arises from the re-
marks made by the Senator from Ohio. This
is an old subjeetwith me—the fortifying of the
public debt and making its influence para-
mount beyond any other interest in this coun-
try. The permanent appropriation for the
payment of interest on the public debt is per-
nicious, inasmuch as it is made in the interest
of consolidated wealth. I would make that
item of our political economy so anxious as
to the condition of the country that they would
study the acts of Congress, the acts of parties,
and see to it that our legislation was made in
the interest of economy and common honesty.
There is no patriotism at the present time like
that which emanates from the pocket-book.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The question is
on the amendment as to the amount appro-
priated in the fifth section, line three.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations was to add at the end of sec-
tion five the following:
And section twelve of the act approved March 3,
1847, entitled "An act to establish certain post
routes, and for other purposes;" and section eight
of the act approved March 3.1851, entitled "An act
to reduce and modify the rates of postage in the
United States, and forother purposes," so far as said
sections provide fur specific permanent appropria-
tions tor carrying free matter in the mails tor the
several Departments and for members of Congress,
be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. MORTON. Before the vote is taken
on that I wish to offer an amendment in the
nature of a substitute; and I will state that if
this should be adopted the standing appropri-
ation of $700,000 will be adequate for the
purpose. The Senator from Minnesota says
it is not now.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not hear what the
Senator says.
Mr. MORTON. I say if my amendment
should be adopted the standing appropriation
of $700,000 will be adequate for the purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; we appropriate
$4,000,000 in addition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana will he read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to strike
out the clause moved to be inserted by the
committee at the end of section five, and in
lieu of the words proposed to be stricken out
to insert:
That theright to send matter through the mails
tree by members of Congress, commonly called the
franking privilege, is hereby abolished, to take
ettect on the 1st day of January, 1873.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is that amendment
in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state that the amendment offered by the
committee pertains to free matter going
through the mails, and the Chair would rule
it to be in order. The question is on the
amendmentof the Senator from Indiana to the
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I make the point of
order. The rule applies not to what may be
germane to some amendment, but what may
be germane to the bill. This thing may be
germane to some amendment that may be
pending, but not to the bill itself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from ivansas has made a new point of onder
on this question. _ The Chair will not assume
to settle it, but will submit the question to the
Senate.
Mr. ^ POMEROY. I do not care enough
about it to have it submitted to the Senate.
I withdraw my point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The rule is
a little ambiguous, and the Chair would prefer
its submission to the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. I think I will renew
the point of order if I understand what it is.
What is the amendment?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be read by the Secretary, and then
the Senatorfrom New York will understand it.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment of the
Committee on Appropriations, and also the
amendmentof Mr. Morton to the amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. I withdraw the point
of order. I thought it was a different amend-
ment relating to a subsidy.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not know that I have
any particular objection to the abolition of
what is termed the franking privilege, by some
strange perversion of terms, the privilege so
called being popularly by what may be known
as a vulgar error supposed to be a privilege
in favor of members of Congress; but I think
the people of this country would further well
understand the fact that the law which allows
communications between members of Congress
and their constituents, the law which allows
the distribution of public documents, of seeds
from the Patent Office, and other matters
provided by law for gratuitous and public dis-
tribution, cannot be practically made efficient
without the power given to members of Con-
gress under their frank to distribute them. If
any gentleman in the Senate who has looked
at this matter practically can say to us that
any method so cheap to the public, so eco-
nomical for the distribution of public docu-
ments and other matters of general and gra-
tuitous distribution, to which I have referred,
can be presented as that which permits them
to pass under the franks of members of Con-
gress, I wish he would rise in his place and
state it. It is perfectly well known that the
cost of mail routes and of mail carriage is not
increased by this transmission of public doc-
uments and the amount of other postal mat-
ter franked by members of Congress. The
country pays as much for the transportation
of a mail-bag^ empty or half full as it does
for it totally full. I have seen a good many
ot the largest mail routes in this country ; I
have now and then been in mail cars, and I
never yet saw one filled ; and yet the cost to
the Government would be no greater to send
them filled than to send them half full or less
than that, as they now run.
I know that a year or two ago the Post-
master General of the United States under-
took to get up a little cheap glory for himself
and his Department by sending at public ex-
pense, without authority of law, a great num-
ber of petitions, the signatures to whicu were
procured by the post office officials throughout
the country, for the abolition of this privilege
so called. It was considered by Congress,
reported upon by committee, and the time of
the Senate for many days, and perhaps in the
aggregate for many weeks, was devoted to the
consideration of this question; but for one
reason or another the measure failed to receive
its approval.
I think, without meaning to reflect upon the
honorable Senator who offered this amend-
ment, that there is something not very com-
plimentary to the people in supposing that
these cheap bids for popularity will in the end
receive public approval. I doubt it. I shall
vote against the proposition to abolish the
franking privilege so called until some com-
mittee shall elaborate a plan that shall be sub-
mitted to the Senate to show that public doc-
uments can be distributed and the real interests
of the people of the country can be subserved
by adopting some other system to take the place
of the present system. I think it is rather a
cheap bid for popularity. For that reason I
move that this amendment of the honorable
Senatorfrom Indiana be laid on the table
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware moves that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana be laid nn
the table. n
Mr. MORTON called for the yeas and nays-
and they were ordered. '
Mr. BOREMAN. I rise to ask a question
of the Chair in regard to this amendment
whether it is in order to propose this amend-
ment to this bill under the rule we have
adopted ? It is to repeal a permanent law. I
simply ask the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
ruled that it was in order.
Mr. BOREMAN. I was not in. I beg
pardon of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to lay the amendment on the
table.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yetis 28, nays 22 ; as follows: '
YEAS—Messrs.Bayard, Blair, Buckingham, Cald-
well, Carpenter. Clayton, Cooper, Corbett, Cragin
Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds, Gilbert, Gold-
thwaite, Hitchcock, Johnston, Kelly, Logan Nor-
wood. Nye, Pomeroy, Rice, Sawyer, Spencer, Steven-
son, Stewart, Vickers West, and Windom—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Cameron Cas-
serly, Chandler, Cole, Conkling, Fenton, Ferry of
Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan, Hamilton ofTexas
Hamlin, Harlan. Morton, Pratt, Ramsev, Schurz'
Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Wilson, and Wright—22!
ABSE.NX — Messrs. Auies, Anthonv, J3rownJow*
Davis of Kentucky, Flanagan, FrelingUuysen, Ham-
ilton of Maryland. Hill, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis
Morrill of Maine, JVIornll of Vermont, Osborn, Pat-
terson, Pool, Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury, Stock-
ton, Sumner. Thurman, Tipton, and Trumbuil—24.
So the motion to lay on the table was
agreed to.
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations to section five.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Chief Clerk concluded the reading of
the bill, the last section, section six, being in
the following words:
t Sec. 6. Thatjf any person who has held an office
m any executive Department of the Government,
to which he was appointed, shall act as attorney,
solicitor, or agent, m the prosecution of any claim
against the United States in such Department, within
two years after the date at which he ceased to be
such omcer, he shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and on conviction in any court of the Uni-
ted btates having jurisdiction thereof, shall pay a
nne not exceeding &5,00G, or be imprisoned in the
penitentiary not exceeding one year, or both, at the
uiauretion of the court.
^Mr. CARPENTER. I move to amend the
bill by striking out the sixth section. I make
this motion upon two grounds; in the first
place, on account of the palpable injustice of
such a provision and in the second place,
because of the glaring unconstitutionality of
it. I should have more confidence in the
unconstitutionality of it j but it is on the other
ground that I hope to prevail here. [Laughter.]
I he Supreme Court of the United States
has decided that you cannot disfranchise a
traitor by retroactive provision ; that the Legis-
lature or the constitution-makers of a State
cannot do it, because that is imposing a pun-
ishment which is ex post facto under the Con-
stitutionof the United States. This section
of the bill proposes to visit punishment upon
a man who has had the misfortune to be a
clerk in a Department, and who eerved in that
capacity when the law pronounced no penalty
upon him. ^ It proposes now by retroaction to
visitupon him disfranchisementforthis service
and to make it a penitentiary offense, or at ail
events a misdemeanor, to exercise the right of
a_citizen which he would be entitled to exer-
cise but for haying held an office as clerk, a
thing entirely in the past, punishing it with
consequences never hinted at when the thing
was done.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am a little surprised at
the degree ot zeal with which the Senate seems
to take the striking out of this section. I do
not know of any abuse in the Government
(and we have heard of a great many, some of
which were rather moon-shiny, though others
