2212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
navy-yard at new york.
Mr. HAYS. I ask unanimous consent that a
memorial which I now present relative to the
bill (H. R. No. 1436) to provide for the re-
claiming and improving the swamp and over-
flowed lands connected with the United States
navy yard at New York be referred to the
Committee oa Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the memorial pre-
sented by the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Hays] was referred; and also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
diplomatic and consular systems.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill (S. No. 472) to amend an act
entitled "An act to regulate the diplomatic
and consular systems of the United States,"
passed August 18, 1856, and for other pur-
poses, be taken from the Speaker's table,
deferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion wa3 agreed to.
session of saturday.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unanimous
consent that the session of to-morrow be for
debate otily as in Committee of the Whole,
no business whatever to be transacted.
There wss no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the order with regard
to business for to-morrow has been made;
and also move that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
admission of utah as a state.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House an abstract of the returns
of an election held m Utah on Monday, March
18, 1872, for the purpose of voting for or
against the constitution of the proposed State
of Deseret; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
land claims in new mexico.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Interior, transmitting
reports of the surveyor general of New Mexico
on private land claims in that Territory;
which was referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
survey of colorado river.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the secretary of the Smithsonian Institution,
transmitting a preliminary report of a survey
made in compliance with the act of March 3,
1871, for continuing the survey of the Colorado
of (he West and its tributaries, by Professor
Powell; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
mrs dr. mary e. walker.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication fiom
the Secretary of War, in relation to services
of Mrs. I>r. Mary E. Walker, rendered to the
United States during the rebellion ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
green bay and mississippi canal company.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of War, iu relation to the ex-
penses incurred iu the arbitration had between
the United States and the Green Bay and Mis-
sissippi Canal Company ; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
land grants.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Massachusetts, in
relation to the transfer of the public lands of
the United States to corporations ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
niagara falls ship-canal.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a joint resolution of the
Legislature of the State of Iowa, ip relation
to the Niagara falls ship-canal; which wa.s
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
black river, ohio.
TheSPBAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House of March 2o, 1872, in relation to the
need of further improvements in the harbor
of Black River, Ohio; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
he printed.
chesapeake and delaware canal.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House of March 11, 1872, in relation to the
construction of a ship-canal from the waters
of the Chesapeake to the waters of Delaware
bay ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
captain ciiaiiles b. wilder.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in compliance with a request
of the Committee on Military Affairs, in rela-
tion to the claim of Captain Charles B. Wilder ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
light-house, southwest ledge.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution of
the ITouso of March 20, 1872, in relation to
removing the light-house at New Haven har-
bor, Connecticut, to the Southwest Ledge ;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
seizure op steamers at ciudad bolivar.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of State, in relation to the seizure of
the steamers Nutrias and San Fernando, at
Ciudad Bolivar, Venezuela, by Commander E.
E. Potter of the United States steamer Shaw-
mut, and Mr. John Dalton, United States con-
sul at that place; which was referred to the
Committee on Foieign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
pilot commissioners, new york.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the hy-
draulic inspector of the Coast Survey Office, in
answer to a resolution of the House in relation
to the board of pilot commissioners of New
York; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, anil ordered to be printed.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles ; when the Speaker signed the
same :
An act (S. No. 494) placing the name of
Theodore S. Comparet on the pension-roll ;
An act (S. No. 805) granting a pension to
Abigail Ryan, widow of Thomas A. Ryan; and
An act (S. No. 804) giauting a pension to
Mai'garetta Becker.
leave of absence.
Mr. CAMPBELL, by unanimous consent,
was granted a leave of absence on account of
important business to the 22d instant.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, by unanimous
consent, was granted a leave of absence for
ten days, dating from.yesterday.
Mr. McKlNNEY, by unanimous consent,
was granted a leave of absence for ten days,
on account of sickness in his family.
Mr. PERCE, by unanimous consent, was
granted a leave of absence for five days.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, was granted a leave of absence
for one week.
bridge across tiie mississippi.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will allow me to make a report
from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DICKEY. I will if it will give rise to
no debate
Mr. -HOLMAN. It is a well-considered
measure.
Mr. DICKEY. With that understanding I
do not object.
Mr. HOLMAN, by unanitnous,consent, from
the Committee on Commeice, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 2207) to authorize the construction
of a bridge, and to establish the same as a
post road, which was read a first and second
time.
The first section of the bill provides that it
shall be lawful for any person or persons, com-
pany or corporation, having authority from
the States of Iowa aud Illinois for such pur-
pose, to build a bridge across the Mississippi
iiver at Fort Madison, Iowa, and to lay on or
over said bridge railway tracks for the mote
perfect connection of any railroads that are or
shall be constructed to the said river at or
opposite said point, under the limitations and
conditions hereinafter provided; provided that
said bridge shall not interfere with the free
navigation of said river beyond what is neces-
sary in order to carry into effect the rights and
privileges hereby granted. And iu case of
any litigation arising from any obstruction or
alleged obstruction to the free navigation of
said river, the cause may be tried before the
district court of ihe United States of any State
iu which any portion of said obstruction or
bridge touches.
The second section provides that any bridge
built under the provisions of this act may, at
the option of the company building the same,
be built as a draw-bridge, with a pivot or other
form of draw, or with unbroken or continuous
spans, provided that if the said bridge shall
be made with unbroken and continuous spans,
it shall not be of less elevation in any case
than fifty feet above extreme high-water mark,
as understood at the point of location, to the
bottom chord of the bridge ; nor shall the
spaus of said bridge be less than two hundred
and filty feet iu length ; and the piers of said
bridge shall be parallel with the current of the
river, and the main span shall be over the main
channel of the river, aud not less than three
hundred feet in length ; aud provided also,
that if any bridge built under this'act shall be
constructed as a draw-bridge, the same shall
be constructed as a pivot draw-bridge, with a
draw over the mam channel of the rivecat an
accessible and navigable point, and with spans
of not less than one hundred and sixty feet iu
length in the clear on each side of the central
or pivot pier of the draw, and the next adjoin-
ing spans to the draw shall not be less than
two hundred and fifty feet, and said spans
shall not be less than thirty feet above low-
water mark and not less than ten above extreme
high-water mark, measuring to the bottom
chord of the bridge ; and the piers of said
bridge shall be parallel with the current of the
river where said bridge may ba erccted ; and
provided also, that said draw shall be opened
promptly, upon reasonable signal, for the
passage of boats.
