4004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
■was the 1st of October as to a certain purpose,
and as to that purpose the majority of the Senate
substituted the 1st of July. Now, my honor-
able friend, in face of the recommendation of
the committee proposes an amendment to strike
out the whole proviso altogether. I suggest to
him that this is no time to do it, and there will
be no time when that will be a good motion or
when the Senate should vote for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point of order of the Senator from
New York. _ The amendment of the Senator
from Michigan was an amendment to an
amendment of the committee, and therefore
was in order while the amendment of the com-
mittee was under consideration. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio is to amend
the text.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will take care to have a
full vote of the Senate on the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The read-
ing of the bill will proceed.
The next amendment of the committee was
in section [twenty-four] twenty-two, after the
word " section," in line sixteen, to insert the
sentence "and the words capital employed, in
said section, shall not include money bor-
rowed or received in the usual course of busi-
ness from any person not a partner of or inter-
ested in the said bank, association, or firms
so that the section wdl read:
Sec. [24] 22. That the taxes imposed by section
one hundred and ten of the act entitled " An act to
provide internal revenue to support the Govern-
ment, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30,1861. as amended
by section nine of the act of July 13, I860, to reduce
internal taxation and to amend the act aforesaid
and acts amendatory thereol, upon the deposits,
capital, and circulation of banks, or persons, asso-
ciations, companies, or corporations engaged in the
business of banking, shall hereafter be paid semi-
annually, on the 1st day of J'auuary and the 1st
day of July: but the same shall be calculated at the
rate per month as prescribed by said section, so that
the tax for six months shall not be less than the ag-
gregate would be if the said taxes were collected
monthly, as prescribed by said section. And the
words " capital employed," in said section, shall not
include money borrowed or received in the usual
course of business from any person not a partner of
or interested in the said bank, association, or firm.
And tho exemption from tax, authorized by the said
section, of deposits of loss than $500 made in the
name of one person, in associations or companies
known as provident institutions, savings banks,
savings funds, or savings institutions, is hereby ex-
tended to deposits so made of not exceeding $2,000.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I move the follow-
ing amendment:
Strike out tho words from the nineteenth linedown
to tho twenty-fifth line, on page 76.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will observe to the Senator that that is an
amendment to the text of the bill. The Sen-
ate is now considering amendments reported
by the Committee on Finance.
Air. BUCKINGHAM. Is it not in order to
move that now ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is hardly
in order at this time.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I will reserve it, then.
Mr. SHERMAN. The word "religious''
ought to be inserted after the word " benevo-
lent" in line six of section [twenty-five]
twenty-three, so as to conform to the act of
which this is an amendment. At the inter-
nal revenue office they hold that a religious
object is not,a charitable object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection that amendment will be made to
the text. "It is ordered to be made.
Mr. CONKLING. Before we pass from the
bank section I want to ask the Senator from
Ohio a question, and, if he will allow me, his
permission to modify the phrase in the bill.
On page 75 it provides for the repeal of the tax
imposed by stamps by virtue of schedules B
and C, and so on. I think there is some doubt
whether that does, as the Senate intends it to
do, embrace the stamp tax on brokers and
bankers. The Senator offered an amendment
which would have made it clear that that was
excepted, and the Senate by a large majority
rejected the amendment, the Senator not press-
ing it. I think there may still be some doubt,
because, although this bill refers to a section,
which section refers to section ninety-nine of
the act of 1864, it does not refer expressly to
section ninety-nine. There should not be any
doubt about that, and I ask the Senator's con-
sent to add a word, which may be done in line!
forty-three, so as to embrace unmistakably the
stamp tax imposed by section ninety-nine of
the act of June 30, 1864.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is not the slightest
necessity for that, because I find on turning to
the law itself that the item referred to is in-
cluded in the stamp act, under schedule B. I
thought it was in the subsequent section, but
I find that it is there.
Mr. CONKLING. Will not the Senator be
kind enough to read that, because my atten-
tion has been called to the matter by other per-
sons, and I should like to know myself how
the subject really stands.
Mr. 'SHERMAN. All the stamp duties
imposed by schedule B are expressly repealed,
and in schedule B is this clause :
"Broker's note, or memorandum, of sale of any
goods or merchandise, real estate, or property of any
kind or description, issued by brokers or persons
acting as such, for each note or memorandum of sale,
ten cents."
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator sees no
objection to it, I would like, in line forty-two,
after "1864," to insert the words "includ-
ing section ninety-nine of said act." I think,
as the Senator thinks, that this is covered
by the law as it now stands ; but we ought not
to leave an open question. My attention has
been called to it by those who know much
more about it than I do. They fear that there
is doubt about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not care whether it
is inserted or not, because it is expressly de-
scribed in schedule B. If the Senator wants
to amplify it he had better do it in a separate
section.
Mr. CONKLING. _ No; I simply propose
to insert the words " including section ninety-
nine of said act." There can be no possible
objection to that, and then the conference
committee can put it in such phraseology as
they want. That will leave it without any
doubt.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will put the question on the amendment of
the Senator from New York, if there be no
objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not the act the Sen-
ator refers to, but an act amendatory of that
act, which is here specified, and that act ex-
pressly in schedule B contains the clause I
have read. The Senator, by putting in these
words, makes it more obscure. The act re-
ferred to here by title is the act passed in
1861, and the several acts amendatory thereof,
relative to the stamp tax. Section ninety-nine
imposes a tax on brokers' sales; but in sched-
ule B, reenacted in that act, is the brokers'
tax. I do not care how it is put in.
Mr. CONKLING. Now 1 see the force of
the Senator's suggestion, and I will bring in
an amendmentto meet that, so as to read "all
acts and parts of acts amendatory thereof,
including section ninety-nine of said act of
June 30, 1864." Then there can be no pos-
sible doubt about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That covers it.
Mr. CONKLING. That covers it undoubt-
edly, and there can be no mistake about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the modified amendment of the Sen-
ator from New York.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON. Before we pass entirely
from the bank section, I wish to suggest some
language which will make a little more explicit
and clear the meaning of the committee.
In line twenty-four, page 76, I wish to strike
out "made of not exceeding $2,000," and
insert 
Mr. SHERMAN. That is in the text, and
it is not amendable now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
sustains the point, of order at present. The
amendments of the committee are not yet con-
cluded.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move that
the Senate take a recess to-day from five
o'clock until half-past seven.
The motion was agreed to.
The reading of the bill was continued. The
next amendment was to add as an additional
section the following:
Sec. 24. That so much of section one hundred and
seventy-nine of the act of July 13, I860, as piovides
for moieties to informers be, and the same is hereby,
repealed; and the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue, with the approval of the Secretary of tho
Treasury, is hereby authorized to pay such sums,
not exceeding in the aggregate the amount appro-
priated therefor, as may m his judgment be deemed
necessary for detecting and bringing to trial and
punishment persons guilty of violating the internal
revenue laws, or conniving at the same, in eases
where such expenses are not otherwise provided for
by law ; and for this purpose there is hereby appro-
priated $100,000, or so much, thereof as may be neces-
sary, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. CONKLING. I promised to call the
attention of my friend from Ohio to the fact
that at my .request he passed over an amend-
ment which he wanted to consider in con-
nection with this. It is on the top of page 55.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know, but this is a
separate section.
Mr. CONKLING. I only call attention to
it. I should like to hear some explanation of
the reasons for doing this.
Mr. SHERMAN. I supposed every Sen-
ator has heard so much about the complaints
made against moieties to informers and the
urgent demand for their repeal, twice sanc-
tioned by the House of Representatives, that
it was scarcely necessary for me to explain to
the Senate that under the internal revenue
laws in certain classes of cases informers are
rewarded by moieties not to exceed in any
case $5,000, but equal to one half the prop-
erty or money secured to the Government. It
isurged, and I have no doubt truly urged, that
under this bad men have held the rod over
persons who have violated the laws, and have
threatened to disclose on them and levied
black-mail upon them, and committed all sorts
of frauds and wrongs on citizens who have
been guilty, innocently or willfully, or even
ignorantly, of non-compliance with the rev-
enue laws. A great many complaints have been
made that have reached the ear of the House
of Representatives, and they have twice sent
us, I (jiiink by a, unanimous vote, a proposition
to repeal all moieties. That is all there is in
the first part of the section.
The last clause is but a continuation of the old
law. Asamatter of course the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue cannot collect $100,000,000
tax on whisky, tobacco, and beer, witnout hav-
ing some means in his hands beyond the mere
regular officers. He must sometimes offerre-
wards ; he must sometimes hold out induce-
ments for extra services ; he must have some
limited sum at his command to apply to detect-
ives, to employ men or get peculiar service, to
chase down or hunt up testimony. It is clear
that we cannot expect the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue to collect $100,000,000 with-
out having some means of this kind of an in-
discriminate character that cannot be desig-
nated and provided by law. Therefore it is
that upon the suggestion of the former Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, Mr. Delano,
now Secretary of the Interior, who recom-
mended the abolition of the moieties, we did
two or three years ago place in his power
$100;000 for the purpose of doing this. It can
only be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury. This is but a con-
tinuation of that same fund for that service.
After the $100,000 is^exhausted, as a matter of
course they* will have to come to Congress for
