368
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 2,
Ho. of Reps.
The Tariff—Reduction of Taxes—Mr. Upson.
42d Cong....2d;Sess.
Of which he says that Ohio is able to ob-
tain $2,717,000. In regard to this theory of
the enhanced price to consumers I have spoken
in another part of my argument. I now call
attention to the statements of my colleague
and the gentleman from Illinois for the pur-
pose of giving them an opportunity to recon-
cile them if they can.
Mr. BURCHARD. I premised my remarks
on wool by saying that the wool tariff of 1867
was intended to give twenty cents per pound
protection. If it secured the intended effect
it would confer a benefit upon Ohio of
$2,700,000, while it taxed Illinois $1,900,000.
But I did not intend to say that it conferred
that benefit.
Mr. UPSON. The language I have used
is that of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Btochard,] for i quoted the exact language
from his printed speech, and gave it what i
understood to be his meaning. Of course i
accept the explanation he gives. I can only
say in regard to it, that whether the farmers
of Ohio received that amount or not, they
believe that they received the benefits intended
to be given them by this law. And while i
have received numerous communications from
them protesting against the repeal or the mod-
ification of the tariff on wool in any respect,
I have received no communication saying that
it was an injury to them.
Mr. BURCHARD. I left the question as
to whether the wool-growers received a ben-
efit or not to be discussed when the details of
the bill came up for consideration.
Mr. UPSON. I can only repeat that my
constituents believe they received it, and have
no desire that the law should be changed.
Only a few days since I presented to the
House of Representatives the following pre-
amble and resolution adopted by the Legis-
lature of Ohio:
" Whereas astrong effort is being made by the man-
ufacturing interest of the United States to influence
Congress to greatly reduce the duty on foreign wools;
and whereas the State of Ohio is largely engaged in
the raising of sheep and wool: Therefore,
" Resolved by the General Assembly of the Strife of
Ohio, That our Senators and Representatives in the
Congress of the United States be requested to use
their influence to defeat said proposed reduction, or
any reduction whatever of duty on foreign wools.
" Revolved, That the Governor be requested to for-
ward a copy of the above preamble and resolution
to each of oar Senators and Representatives in
Congress,"
I have no doubt that the members of the
Legislature in adoptingthese resolutions faith-
fully represented the people of Ohio.
The gentleman fiom Missouri [Mr. Finkeln-
bitog] says that " woolen goods are one of the
great necessities of life; next to food, peihaps,
the greatest," and it is for this reason that he
would take away at least a part of the protec-
tion which the existing law .gives to wool-
growers. It is because woolen clothing is so
necessary to the comfort of all the people that
I would encourage the production and manu-
facture of wool to snch an extent that we may
not be dependent upon other nations for our
supplies, either in time of peace or war. The
extent to which our farmers have reason to
apprehend foreign competition is shown by the
fact that even under the present tariff, which is
so bitterly denounced, we imported in 1871
wool of the value of $15,535,572, and woolen
goods of the value of $48,789,564, making in
the aggregate $64,325,136. It is evident that
any considerable reduction of the duty on wool
must result in the depression of this great ag-
ricultural interest, atid I trust that Congress
will not aid in striking down a branch of indus-
try so important to the whole country.
value op a home market.
In estimating the advantages of a home mar-
ket, a few facts and figures will be of more
value than any amount of mere theory, and I
have made some calculations to show the ex-
tent of the market for agriculturral produc-
tions which is furnished by those who are
engaged in the production and manufacture of
iron in all of its branches. The last annual
report of the National Association of Bar Iron
Manufacturers furnishes the following statis-
tics, as stated in the Commercial Statistical
Annual :
The number of operatives employed in the pro-
duction of raw and manufactured iron is given as
follows:
Preparing ore and fuel  42,000
Preparing fuel in rolling-mills  25,000
Working at blast-furnaces 12,500
Working in rolling-mills  58,000
Working at forges and bloomeries  2,500
Total directly engaged in producing iron .140,000
Engaged in manufacturing articles of iron 800.000
Total .940,000
" This is without taking into consideration the
large numbers engaged in transporting ores and fin-
ished iron. The value of this labor if put at only
two dollars per day, which would certainly be far
below the average, when such an amount of skilled
labor is required, would be 81,880.000 per day, or
nearly six hundredmillion dollars for the threehun-
dred days of the working year."
The value of the product is placed at $900,-
000,000. Thus:
Product of pig iron  S75,000,000
Product, of rolling mills and forges  138,000,000
Valueof articles manufactured of iron... 687,000,000
Total value of iron for the year   $900,000,000
If the usual rule is adopted in calculating
the number of persons dependent for subsist-
ence upon these nine hundred and forty thou-
sand workmen, the whole number thus de-
pendent would be four million seven hundred
thousand. In my calculation, however, I have
placed the number at only three million seven
hundred and sixty thousand, which, I am
assured by those best able to judge, is not an
over-estimate. I now call your special atten-
tion to the value of agricultural productions
purchased and consumed every week by each
workman's family of four persons :
Bread and flour go 85
Meat, of all kinds  X 75
Lard  83
Butter  82
Cheese  14
Milk  44
Eggs  21
Potatoes, and other vegetables  61
Fruits, fresh and dried  33
Fuel  74
Total..
. $6 22
These figures are taken from the official re-
port of the chief of the Bureau of Statistics,
for 1869, and are contained in the " table show-
ing the average weekly expenditures of work-
men's families in some of the manufacturing
towns of the United States in 1869." The
cost of woolen clothing and many other
articles is not included in this statement. It
will be seen that those who are engaged in the
iron business, in all of its various forms, and
their families buy and use every week the
above enumerated agricultural products of the
value of $5,846,800, and in each year of the
aggregate value of $304,033,600. Bread and
breadstuff's were exported from the United
States in 1871 as follows:
Barley of the value of  $200,625
Bread and biscuit  760,637
Indian corn  7,458,997
Indian corn-meal  951,830
Oats  83,080
Rye  44,678
Rye flour  34,135
Wheat  45,143,424
Wheat flour  24,093,184
Other small grain and pulse  357,893
Maizena, farina, and all other prepara-
tions from breadstuffs used as food  252,704
Total  $79,381,187
The workers in iron and their families buy
of the farmers agricultural productions of
more than three times the value of all the bread-
stuffs and grain which they can sell in foreign
markets. When we have such facts before us
do we need any argument to prove that in
every respect the home market is the best? It
is true, as has been stated in this debate, that
if our manufacturing interests should be
crashed the operatives could not dispense with
food, but it is equally true that they would
then have no means of buying, and would
compete with the farmers as producers.
INFLUENCE OP PROTECTION ON LABOB.
The question of greatest importance, how-
ever, which arises out of this tariff controversy
is, and always must be, what is the effect of
protection upon labor ? That government best
answers the purpose of all good government
which most certainly secures to the laborer
the just rewards of his labor, and that country
is most prosperous in which the wages of labor
will procure most of the necessaries and com-
forts of life, and in which the laborer can by
industry and economy become the owner of a
pleasant home, provide for the various wants
of his family, give to his children all the ad-
vantages of a good education, and acquire a
reasonable competence.
It is only in such a country that the laborer
can be completely independent of his employer
and can occupy that position in the commun-
ity to which he is entitled. In those coun-
tries in which the working man can by hard
labor earn only enough to keep himself and
his family from starvation, and cannot own
the house in which he lives, his condition is
one of absolute dependence, with no hope of
its being improved either for himelf or for his
children. The position which we maintain is
that the great object of the protective policy is
to save American labor from ruinous competi-
tion with the poorly-paid labor of Europe, and
we claim that in no other way can that object
be so well secured.
The arguments in favor of protection to labor
have been met in two different modes in this
discussion. The gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Finkelnburg] says:
" There is nothing more delusive than this theory
of compensation for difference in cost of labor, for
the simple reason that the price of labor is by no
means a true test of the cost of production. Raw
material forms the bulk of the cost of production,
and this is often cheapest when labor is dearest, and
such is the case with many factories and industries
in this country. Many persons take it for granted
that the labor account is the great item in the manu-
facture of our protected goods, and we often hear
manufacturers argue in this way: 'I pay my laborers
twice as much as is paid to laborers in the same line
of business in Europe, therefore I should have twice
the price for my goods.' This argument, plausible as
it may seem at the first glance, is utterly fallacious
and a flimsy pretext for monopoly duties.
"I have paid some attention to the proportion of
the cost of labor to the whole cost of manufactured
products, and I have found, somewhat to my own
surprise, that it rarely exceeds twenty-five percent.
For instance, labor represents only fifteen to twenty
per cent, in the cost of making pig iron, only fifteen
per cent, in woolen goods, twenty-five per cent, in
cotton goods, eighteen per cent, in paper, and in
some articles, as, for instance, in soap, it sinks down
to only six per cent."
The fallacy of this argument has already
been ably exposed by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. E. H. Roberts.] and I shall
speak of it very briefly.
The conclusion to which the gentleman
from Missouri comes is of no value because
he leaves out of view a large share of the
items which should enter into the calculation.
In making pig iron the labor at the furnace
may not be more than fifteen or twenty per
cent, of the value of the product, but when
we have taken into account the labor required
m mining the ore and the coal, in transporting
them to the furnace, in building the furnaces,
and in making tools and machinery, we find
that instead of labor representing only from
fifteen to twenty per cent, in the cost of mak-
i'jg pig iron, it really represents from eighty
