1316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
alld it is reported with a favorable recommend-
ation. It was first intended to ask this morn-
ing that the bill be put on its passage, but 1 am
now directed otherwise. I give notice, how-
ever, that to-morrow morning I shall call up
the bill during the morning hour and ask that
it be put on its passage.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. WEIGHT. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back the bill (H.
II. No. 1664) to change the 1; cation of the
First National Bank ot Seneca. State of Illi-
nois. to the city of Morris, Illinois. This
report is made after correspondence with the
Comptroller of the Currency, in which he states
that, there is no objection to the passage of
the bill, and indeed it is necesary to be passed ;
and as it is a mere local matter, I trust the
bill will be put on its passage now.
Mr. POMEEOY. I have morning business
to present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 719) to expedite the transaction of
business in the General Land Office and bring
up the arrearages of work, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (LI. It. No. 1761) ex-
tending the time for the completion of the
Portage lake and Lake Superior ship-canal,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred the bill (II. It.
No. 1030) to regulate elections m Washington
and Idaho Territories, reported it without
amendment.
SENATOUl'ROM NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am directed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
  resolution to print extra copies of the report
of the Committee on Privileges and Elections
on the claim of Joseph C. Abbott to a seat in
the Senate, to report it back and recommend
its passage.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous eotiscut and agreed to, as follows :
lletiohtd, Thai three thousand extra copies of tho
report ol' tile Committee on Privileges and Elections
on the memorial of Joseph 0. Abbott, claiming a
seat, ill tlio Senato from tlio Stato of North Carolina,
with the views of the minority, bo printed tor tho
use of the Senate.
DK1SATKS 01? CONGRESS.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same, committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 681) to
provide for the reporting and printing of tho
debates in Congress, have instructed me to
report it back without amendment, and I wish
to say in regard to it that this is almost, in the
nature of a privileged question, that it relat.es
to the daily business of Congress, and that
tee matter has been delayed owing to circum-
stances for which the contractors certainly are
not, to blame, and I do not know that anybody
has been to blame. A majority of the mem-
bers of the Committee on Printing have been
away all the session, until recently,on public
business, and now one of them is confined to
his house by illness, I am sorry to know. It
will be a year next Monday smee the pub-
lisher have been going on printing the Globe
without, any contract, upon an informal un-
derstanding whicli was communicated to the
Senate by the Senate Committee on Printing
at tho beginning of this Congress. There was
no Committee on Printing in the House at
that time. I tliink it is due to the publish-
ers, and due to fairness and justiee that we
should take up this bill and dispose of it now,
especially if it does not lead to any debate,
file proposition is to renew the existing con-
tract for the new Congress, wit h some modifica-
tions which will make a saving of about thirty
thousand dollars a year; in ail other respects
to renew the existing contract, with the ex-
pectation that in the interval between now and
the close of the present Congress, the com-
mittee will be able to report to Congress a
new contract, and we hope one that will make
some reduction in the volume of the Globe,
which is getting to be very large._ I ask for
the present consideration of the bill.
Several Senators rose with morning busi-
ness.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the bill shall be taken
up I will give way to morning business.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I should like
to make a report; butl find that a modest man
has very little chance here. [Laughter.]
Mr. HAMLIN. I have a resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understood it was agreed
that this bill should be taken up, and that then
I would give way to morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine states that he has a Senate resolu-
tion to offer.
Mr. HAMLIN. T. do not object to the bill
being taken up, and then let us go through
with the morning business.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to taking up the bill, subject to allowing
the morning business to be concluded after
tho bill shall be taken up ? The Chair hears
no objection, and the bill is before the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole; but its consid-
eration is laid aside temporarily for morning
business. Reports of committees are still in
order.
ADDITIONAL IMPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr, RAMSEY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 631) to authorize the
construction of a bridge across the Missouri
river at Brownville, Nebraska, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, from the Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
bill (II. 11. No. 021) granting a pension to
Belinda Craig, reported adversely thereon and
moved its indefinite postponement; which was
agreed to.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Jacob B. Power, praying to be placed upon
the pension-roll, submitted an adverse report
thereon.
The report was ordered to be printed, and
the committee was discharged from tho further
consideration of the petition.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred a petition
of citizens of Massachusetts, praying the enact-
ment of a law for tho protection of the walrus
in the Arctic seas, reported a bill (8. No. 735)
to amend an act entitled " An act to extend
the laws of the United States relating to cus-
toms, commerce, and navigation over the ter-
ritory ceded to the United States by Russia,
to establish a collection district therein, and
for other purposes," passed July 27, 1868;
which was read, and passed to a second
reading.
SKW ORLEANS BRANCH MINT.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 577) to reestablish the branch mint at
New Orleans or restore the same to the city
of New Orleans, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. IvELLOGG. This is the bill which two
or three days since was arrested midway in its
passage by an objection, and upon the motion
of my friend from Vermont [Mr. Morrill]
was subsequently referred to the Committee
on Finance. It is a bill of a local nature, of
considerable importance, and as it is very
short indeed, 1 ask unanimous consent of the
Senate to take it up. It will take but a moment
to pass it. It has been recommitted twice,
and two committees have passed upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. H is difficult, to
have two bills up by unanimous consent at the
same time.
Mr. ANTHONY. This will lead to discus-
sion, and I really think the bill I reported
ought to be acted upon.
Mr. KELLOGG. Does it require unani-
mous consent to take up the bill reported by
the Senator from Rhode Island ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It did, and it
was taken up subject to consent that the morn-
ing business should be disposed of.
Mr. KELLOGG. This bill will not be dis-
cussed to any extent, I am sure, and it will
take but a few moments to dispose of it.
Mr. ANTHONY. If no Senator rises to
discuss it I will not object.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I believe it
my duty to state a fact. I think the Senate
ought to know exactly what the bill is. I have
no objection to its consideration.
Mr. KELLOGG. It will take but an instant
to state the facts.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think the
Senate ought to be duly informed in regard to
this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be ho
objection the bill will be considered, subject to
objection.
The bill (S. No. 577) to reestablish the branch
mint at New Orleans or to restore the same to
the city of New Orleans was read, as follows:
Be it enacted, lie., That tho Secretary of the Treas-
ury be dwccted, within six months after the passage
of this act, to surrender to the authorities of the city
of Now Orleans tho building a,nd grounds now occu-
pied by tho United States as a, branch mint, situate in
said city of New Orleans. and bounded by Esplanade
street, Barracks street, Levee street, a,nd the public
road; and which was conveyed to tho United States
by said city, June 10, 183-5, upon the condition ex-
pressed in said errant that said building and grounds
should bo usedasabranch mint of the United States;
and that should it hereafter bo deemed necessary
by the Government of tho United States to re-
move the mint contemplated to be established
as atoresaid, or to coaso to occupy it for such pur-
pose, then tho said act to bo null and void: Pro-
vided. That tho Secretary of tho Treasury may, within
six months after the passage of this act, cause the
branch mint at Now Orleans to be reestablished for
tlio coinage of gold, silver, or nickel, in which case
this act shall bo void.
The amendment of the Committee on Finance
was read, being to strike out all alter the enact-
ing clause of the bill, and in lieu thereof to
insert the following:
That tho Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, directed within six months aftor the passage
of this act to remove and sell at his discretion the
machinery and all the movable property belong-
ing to tho United States, now in the building and
grounds heretofore occupied by tho United States as
a branch mint, situate in the city of Now Orleans,
and bounded by Esplanado street, Barracks street.
Levee street, and tho publio road, and to surrender
to the authorities of said city of New Orleans the
building and grounds abovo described.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely rise
to say that 1 do not think a bill of this kind
ought to pass the Senate without the Senate
understanding precisely what is accomplished
by it. In 1835 the United States took a lease
of the ground upon which this mint was estab-
lished. The original cost of the building was
about three hundred thousand dollars. The
Government has expended upon it since about
as much more. The building now is in good
repair, so that the supervising architect of the
Treasury says that $10,000 would enable the
Government to have the mint again in oper-
ation; but the Government have no need of
the mint, and do not propose to reoccupy it,
and have practically abandoned it since 1861;
that is, no coin lias been coined at that branch
mint since then. Unquestionably, the land
upon which the mint stands is worth about as
much as the building itself. Therefore it is a
very handsome donation to the city of New
Orleans. The only question that arose iu re-
gard to it was, whether the Government, being
disposed to abandon the building, should
abandon it outright, gracefully give up the
whole, or require the city of New Orleans
to pay for the raw materials what might be
received by selling them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe the Senate
