1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
an additional appropriation. The money can
only be expended on the order of the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, with the sanction
of the Secretary of the Treasury, and only to
detect and punish offenses against the inter-
nal revenue laws. I suppose there will be no
objection to it, because we must trust them
with some discretionary power of that kind if
we expect them to collect the revenue.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have very serious
doubts whether it is for the interest of the
Treasury to abolish moieties. With your moie-
ties you have a very large number of voluntary
detectives, which you would not have without
it, each man looking out for his own particular
share.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can inform the Senator
that with this amendment undoubtedly proper
service could be paid for. It might be in some
cases live dollars, in some ten dollars, in some
$100. At any rate, the feeling of the House
of Representatives is very strong against this
moiety system, and they are the direct repre-
sentatives of the people; and, on a question
of thig kind, even if there were doubt about
it—and I have some doubt—we had better
■waive it and provide another mode of getting
this kind of information now derived by
moieties.
Mr. CHANDLER. The proposition has
been made to abolish all moieties to detect-
ives for preventing frauds on the customs. I
have had very serious doubts myself whether
it, was good policy on the part of the Govern-
ment to abolish those moieties; and! havevery
serious doubts whether it is the policy of the
Government to abolish these moieties. In
cases of the detection of smugglers I suppose
nine times out of ten the information comes
perhaps from a clerk in an importing house,
who is aware that smuggling is going on. Such
men furnish the information on a pledge tliat
their names shall not be disclosed. It is the
same in regard to these internal revenue mat-
ters. The great majority, -I think, of inform-
ers are those who are in the employ or inti-
mately connected with parties perpetrating
frauds on the Government.
I think this subject should be approached
■with great care and with very caref ul consid-
eration. So far as I am concerned, I certainly
doubt very much the propriety of abolishing
moieties in this connection or in the other.
Mr. CONKLING. It is not my purpose to
argue this question now, nor do I mean to ex-
press an opinion upon it; but I agree with the
Senator from Michigan that it is a thing to be
done, if at all, with great caution. Pew things
are older in the law than what are known as qui
iam actions; actions offering to all mankind
an inducement to be informers. By means
of such actions Governments have always
called to their aid a universal principle of
humau nature, that principle written down in
the Good Book in the words: " Whereaman's
treasure is, there is his heart also." And if
all men have an interest in the detection of a
certain class of frauds, you have there a stand-
ing offer of rewards as broad as it can be
made, and you summon to your aid the inter-
est of mankind, and that is an immense power
110 matter upon what you concentrate it. It
is proposed now, as to internal revenue, to do
away at once with all inducements and all pro
ceedings of this kind. If that proposition
stood by itself, I think we ought to hesitate,
as the Senator from Michigan says, but there
are two incidents of this which attract my at-
tention, and I would like to bring them to the
notice of the Senator from Ohio and the com-
mittee. In the first place, no provision is made
here as to existing actions or existing eases.
Mr. SHERMAI^. That is provided for fully
in another place.
Mr. CONKLING. Where is that?
Mr. SHERMAN. In next to the last-sec-
tion.
Mr. CONICLING. I will read:
Provided, That all the provisions of said acts shall
be in force for levying and collecting all taxes prop-
erly assessed, or liable to be assessed, or accruing
under the provisions of former acts, the right to
which has already accrued, or which may hereafter
accrue, under said acts, and for maintaining, con-
tinuing, and enforcing liens, fines, penalties, and
forfeitures incurred under and by virtue thereof.
Does that cover it?
Mr. SHERMAN. That and the next clause.
Mr. CONKLING. I think that does not.
And this act shall not be construed to affect any
act done, right accrued, or penalty incurred under
former acts, but every suchright is hereby saved.
Does that cover it?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 think not.
Mr. SHERMAN. Read on.
Mr. CONKLING. It proceeds:
And all suits and prosecutions for acts already
done in violation of any former act or acts of Con-
gress relating to the subjects embraced in this act
may be commenced or proceeded with in like man-
ner as if this act had not been passed: Provided,
That whenever the duty imposed by any existing law
shall cease in consequence ot any limitation therein
contained before the respective provisions of this
act shall take effect the same duty or tax shall be,
and is hereby, continued until such provisions of
this act shall take effect; and where any act is
hereby repealed, no duty or tax imposed thereby
shall be held to cease, in consequence of such re-
peal, until the respective corresponding provisions
of this act shall take effect.
That covers every case where the rights are
fixed now. Iteovers, no doubt, every suit com-
menced ; it covers every act which you can
lay your hand upon and say thatit, is described
here. It does not cover the innumerable cases
not brought into court, where, acting under
present provisions, men have been seeking in-
formation as informers; to use a phrase which
I believe applies to that kind of business,
" working up the.cases."
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. May I ask
the Senator from New York if he will look at
line ten and say if he does not think that
moieties will be covered by the words-t' right
accrued?''
Mr. CONKLING. "And this act shall not
be construed to affect any act done, right ac
crued, or penalty incurred under former acts."
I do not, and I am not making my observations
to champion any theory on this question. I say
to the Senator that in myview, if his purpose is
as he indicates, he ought in the section now
under consideration to make it future in its
application. That is the obvious way of doing
it. Just say that hereafter no such thing shall
occur. _ That is one thing; but I did not mean
to consume so much of my time, for I want to
call attention to another point.
This same section, which proposes to repeal
moieties, proposes also to perpetuate, if I
understand it, the objectionable principle
which inheres in the doctrine of moieties, be-
cause it lodges with an officer (and I have no
objection to the officer selected, very far from
it) the right to offer rewards, to pay a douceur
to this man, that man, and the other man, upon
his discretion, for doing what? For giving the
very kind of information for which moieties
are now the inducement. It seems to me that
preserves the same principle, while you take it
out of the general operation of the domaiit
seen and known of all men and commit it to
the discretion of a single officer, who, no mat-
ter how able or how wise he may be, cannot
in the nature of things escape gross imposition
by the men to whom the Senator from Ohio
has referred, and who are in some instances so
improperly sharp in looking out for their own
rights. I do not intend to resist it; I simply
call attention to it, and say that it seems to me
the principle is preserved here at which the
committee strike, and that the whole business
is one which, if approached at all', should be
very carefully approached.
One other remark and I have done. The
Senator from Michigan knows as well as 1 do
that, beginning at the northern frontier- in
Maine and going all the way accoss our
uppermost extremity, if this system of induce-
ments to informers should be swept away and
application made of the repeal to the smug-
gling laws, pretty much everything which- is
relied upon now as a safeguard would be gone.
You cannot expect any man to go out with
the mercury below zero and watch all night to
see whether somebody is bringing a barrel of
brandy in, even if you pay him a salary of
$1,000 a- year or any other sum. That, I
know, does not belong to this section; I
refer to it only as a part of the subject. I am
not going myself to resist the recommenda-
tion of the committee; I think I have dis-
charged my duty in calling the attention of the
Senate to the subject.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I doubt
very much the propriety of repealing the law
authorizing moieties. There are great tempt-
ations to fraud under our internal revenue
laws, not only in regard to whisky and tobacco
but perhaps some other matters. This amend-
ment authorizes the Commissioner oMnternal
Revenue to pay out $100,000 at his discretion
for procuring information and bringing about
the discovery of frauds. That is a small sum
when compared with the whole amount of
revenue to be collected. The Senator from
Ohio says be might pay five dollars to one
man, and fifty dollars to another, and $100 to
another. The sums to be paid, and that will
be paid under a provision of that kind, will be
comparatively small, and the man who has
committed or proposes to commit a fraud can
outbid the Government all the time. Under
the moiety system there is such a temptation
presented to informers and to prosecutions
that the person tobe informed againstor pros-
ecuted cannot well outbid the Government.
It is an inducement too strong to be overcome.
It has its influence.
It has secured the collection of the revenue
to a great extent. When that is withdrawn,
and the police officer gets only his ordinary
fee, a mere trifle, with such addition as he may
prevail on the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue to give, the criminal, the violator of the
law can outbid the Government all the time.
He can offer to pay more than the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue can afford to pay
under that provision, because the Commis-
sioner has only got $100,000 to go on.
We know the enormous frauds that have
been committed in regard to the whisky tax
and the tobacco tax, and these two taxes still
remain. In some cases the man who hgs vio-
lated the law can afford to pay five or tern* thou-
sand dollars to avoid detection, and save money
by it. Therefore the trifle that the Commis-
sioner is authorized to pay would amount to
very little in the way of bringing about the
detection of these frauds. A man may be
offered $500 to hunt down a violation of the
law, and when he has hunted it down the
criminal can afford to pay him $10,000 to hush
it up ; but if he gets one half, it is hard for the
violator of the law to overcome that, bp.canse
he must give three quarters or the whole to
do so.
It seems to me the law should be left as
it is. I know it is sometimes abused ; and
ordinary police powers are sometimes abused ;
but the abuse that sometimes happens and the
black-mail that sometimes is levied do not
in my opinion form an argument as strong as
that which exists in favor of allowing moieties.
There are such enormous temptations to fraud
in regard to the whisky and tobacco tax that
you cannot successfully protect the revenue
unless you present, extraordinary temptations
for information and prosecutions, and you can
only do that by the moiety system. The Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue would not find
himself authorized to pay such fees as would
secure the efficient exposure and punishment
of criminals in cases where there are great
frauds, amounting to fifty or one hundred or
two hundred thousand dollars, and some of
them have been much larger than that. Where
the informer has a prospect of making leu,
twenty, forty, or fifty thousand dollars, he
will leave no stone unturned to bring about the
