1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
421
The measure came up and was promptly passed
by this House, owing to the urgency of the
application on the part of the Government,
that this northwestern boundary question might
be settled pending the negotiations then going
on with Great Britain.
There were complications growing up which
might have embroiled this country with Great
Britain at any moment.. It was found that the
Hudson Bay Company had a post located a
mile within the territory of the United States.
Our custom-house officers were at fault; they
did not know what territory belonged to the
United States and what to Great Britain.
They were therefore anxious and urgent, as
were all the officers of the Government, that
we should settle this question upon some fair
and just basis, in order that this cause of
irritation might be removed.
Now, sir, I examined very carefully at the
time the estimates submitted by General Hum-
phreys, chief engineer of the Army, who had
had the matter under consideration. He re-
ported the estimates which have been read
from the Clerk's desk, and I will say, from my
knowledge of such estimates, (I do not profess
to be a professional engineer, but I have been
connected with extensive operations where
engineers have been employed, and I know
the rate of compensation that has been allowed
to such persons in somewhat similar cases,)
that although the amount here called for may
appear large, still, when you come to consider
the delicacy of this duty, requiring the nicest
calculations and the greatest accuracy of de-
tail ; when you come to consider the country
through which these engineers will have to
pass and the climate that they will have to
encounter; when you consider the estimate
that is placed upon skilled engineers, upon
scientific men, who are required to be con-
nected with this commission, 1 think it will be
admitted that the aggregate of this estimate
of General Humphreys is not extravagant for
running this important line of nearly eight
hundred miles through a territory where, if
we went into civil life to procure assistance,
it would be necessary to offer a premium to
obtain proper men who would risk their lives
upon such a survey.
I therefore concur with the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, who have examined this bill
very carefully, iu the belief that General Hum-
phreys has not made a mistake in the estimate
which he has submitted to the committee and
to this House. It was an estimate based upon
what was proper and practicable to be done,
if we desire to run this line and put a stop to
this cause of irritation between Great Britain
and our own country. It is necessary to make
an appropriation sufficient to accomplish the
object which we have in view.
Now, sir, my friend, who has just taken his
seat. [Mr. Hot.max,] and who, 1 confess, is a
faithful guardian of the Treasury, does not
appear to attach a proper estimate to the labor
and skill of the engineers whom it is proposed
to employ upon this survey. You require
astronomers; you require men who are ac-
quainted with that line of duty. And where
you employ men of that description, where
you employ men to undertake so difficult, so
arduous, and so perilous a duty, you must pay
for their services. And I venture to say that
if my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] who
has spoken upon this subject, were to under-
take to go into the country to detail a body of
skilled engineers who would be competent to
run this line, he would find that he would not
be able to make a report more favorable than
that upon the Clerk's desk, prepared by Gen-
eral Humphreys.
Take, for instance, the astronomer. You
want one of the first class ; a man who will
make no mistake in his calculations, his sur-
veys, and his observations. You want engin-
eers of the same high class—engineers who
would not be objected to by Great Britain in case
a dispute should spring up hereafter. In order
to accomplish this object, in order to obtain
the services of such men, it is necessary that
the expenses of this survey should be gradu-
ated accordingly. We therefore thought when
I had charge of this bill in the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, that the estimate submitted
by General Humphreys was not extravagant,
in view of the importance of settling this line
upon a basis that could not be objected to by
Great Britain in case she should think proper
to raise a question about the manner in which
the survey had been made.
As to the amount of the appropriation, it is,
after all, but a mere bagatelle, considering the
importance of the object to be accomplished.
What is an expenditure of 5300,000, scattered
over three years, to settle a great question of
this sort—a question involving, it might be,
the peace of two great nations; for, as my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Morgan] very justly
remarked, there is nothing calculated to pro-
duce more irritation than questions of disputed
boundary between two nations, where each
believes itself right in maintaining the ground
upon which it stands. I look upon this, there-
fore, as a question of national importance;
and the House so considered it at the time
when the question was before acted on here,
and but for an inadvertence in the Senate, but
for the fact that the measure was accidentally
overlooked in the committee to which it was
referred, the bill would be a law to-day. When
the measure came back to this House it failed
upon some ground that I was never able to
understand.
Now. after we have concluded a treaty with
Great Britain, leaving this question I believe
as the only outstanding difficulty that is likely
to spring up under any circumstances here-
after—when the settling of this question is all
that remains to be accomplished in order to
place our relations with Great- Bi itain on a last-
ing basis—I do not think that this House ought
to hesitate one moment in voting the appropri-
ation as reported from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs. It is right and it is just. With
due deference to my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Holman] I say that these estimates are not
extravagant. From my experience with rail-
road men and engineers—to say nothing about
skilled astronomers and men of science who
are to be connected with this survey—I say,
sir, that the work could not be accomplished
at more reasonable iates or upon a better basis
thau that which has been recommended by the
chief engineer nf the United States.
1 hope, therefore, that this bill will be passed,
and riassed without amendment, so that this
last cause of irritation between these two great
nations will be settled, and settled finally. I
hope that now, when we are trying to adjust
all outstanding causes of difference, we shall
not longer keep alive these causes of disagree-
ment which at any moment may produce a
war between these nations, but that we shall
go forth in unison, as two great Powers ought
to do, to advance the cause of civilization by
their influence and their power. I trust that
this last stumbling-block may thus be removed
satisfactorily, not only to this Government, but
to the Government of Great Britain, arid I
may add, to all who may be interested in it,
in view of a lasting peace between two such
Powers, and the claims of a progressive civil-
ization.
Mr. HEREFORD. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question. Our Government is
constantly at great expense educating engin-
eers at West Point, who receive salaries from
the Government all the time; and why is it
that when they are sent out upon any extra
service we must make additional appropria-
tions for them ?
Mr. SWANN. I will state to my friend from
West Virginia [Mr. Hereford] that while this
bill was pending before the House, I made in-
quiry at the War Department, and the other I
Departments, to ascertain whether there was 1
any engineer force that could be detailed for this
purpose. I was informed that the engineers
were all employed upon public duty all over the
country, and that none of them could be with-
drawn without detriment to the public service.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I desire to say a
few words on this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before the gentleman be-
gins his remarks I desire to ask this question,
whether during the last two years, whenever a.
proposition has been made to survey a river
anywhere in the United States, the argument
has not been made, it will cost nothing, as the
survey would be made by our own engineers,
who were then unemployed? Were not all
these surveys allowed to be made because there
would be nothing lost, as they would be made
by our own engineers already in the service of
the Government? Has not that been the argu-
ment for over two years, and almost ever since
the close of the war?
Mr. bWANN. J will state, in reply to the
gentleman from Indiana, that he is to some
extent correct. 1 have already stated that I
called upon the proper officers of the Govern-
ment to know whether or not engineers could
be detailed, and the reply was that they were
fully employed on State and other duty in every
part of the country—that they were all detailed
for the purpose of making surveys necessary
to carry out the appropriations made, or ex-
pected to be, by Congress.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Much as it pains
me to differ with the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Morgan,] I am constrained on this occa-
sion. from a high sense of duty, to do so. I
think, sir, we owe it to the people who sentus
here to exercise a wise and strict economy in
the expenditures of this Government. We are
carrying to-day a load of taxation such as few
people upon the face of the earth now suffer
iiorn, and one of the grand problems that occupy
the minds of all thinking men, and which
should engage the time of our legislators to the
exclusion almost of every other, is how we can,
with a due regard to the interests of the coun-
try, remove this load from the shoulders of
the people, and relieve our mercantile, mechan-
ical, and manufacturing interests from the heavy
taxation which so injuriously affects all. We
are so accustomed to hear of expenditures and
to vote money in this way, that an appropria-
tion of $100,000, like that which is now asked
for, is considered as a mere bagatelle. Hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars of the people's
money are voted away under one pretext or
another, and instead of this House, or the
party who are responsible before the country,
lightening our burdens, we are only adding to
them day after day.
We are told, Mr. Chairman, that this appro-
priation of $100,000 is required. We are told
that it is a wise appropriation on several
grounds, and that it is necessary in order to
maintain the friendship which is supposed to
exist to-day between the people of the United
States and the people of Great Britain. I
should willingly vote for an appropriation of
$100,000 to perpetuate friendship and good
feeling and a spirit of brotherhood among the
people of all nations. No man will go further
in that direction than myself. But if we vote
for this money under the idea that we are pro-
moting feelings of friendship, or binding the
people of America and the people of England
in bonds of amity and brotherhood, we are
then voting for it under a gross delusion and
misapprehension, because in that country lives
a spirit of hate, of rancor, and of enmity to-
ward this Republic; and there never has been
an opportunity where they could evince it
that they have not done so. If we have claims
not recognized by Great Bi itain in relation to
this boundary, why do we not come forward,
as this great nation should, and say, " Here
we plant our flag upon the soil that belongs to
us, and here we will remain." No, sir ; but
we are yielding, and have been yielding, time
and again, soil and rights which belong to this
country for the purpose of conciliating a nation
