1318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
from Delaware, for I make no objection to the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. BAYARD. One word in reply to my
honorable friend from Connecticut. It has
not been suggested that I have apologized for
the breach of law, or that I desire to see any
man acquitted who has violated the law. That
is not the question. But here is a practical fact
before the Senate and the country. A com-
mittee is now in session investigating alleged
abuses. Those abuses constitute violations
of law. To discover those abuses is very diffi-
cult, because of course it requires two par-
ties to commit them. By dint of the stringent
statutes of the United States, by the compul-
sion of the law in relation to the examination
of witnesses before committees, these mer-
chants are compelled to come there and answer
under oath as to the share they have taken in
these violations of law. It is true there is a
statute which protects them from having their
statements used against them as the basis of
criminal prosecution, and perhaps that has
not been fully adverted to ; but nevertheless at
this time it is plain to the country, and I here
charge it to the Senate and to my honorable
friend from Connecticut, if we expect to know
the truth in regard to these exactions, embar-
rassments, and outrages upon the commerce
of New York and upon the laws of the country,
we must get it chiefly from the merchants,
those who conduct the commerce of the coun-
try, and I do say that they are not 011 trial at
this time before the country. We have no
control over them except through general laws,
but we have control over the administration
by our own otlicials of the laws ; and therefore
it will be a very plain case, which no sophistry
can get rid of, that if you by terrorism shut up
the chief channel of information respecting
these abuses, then frankly bid good by to your
investigation and say you do not intend to
prosecute it.
I ask further, why should not the President
uf the United States and his Cabinet officers
have awaited the result of this investigation?
Why not await the end of it, until all the testi-
mony is before them, prior to taking this quick
ami summary action, selecting out from amid
the myriad abuses discovered by that commit-
tee one class of individuals, and they the vic-
tims, as I have said, for prosecution and pun-
ishment?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut, is recognized ; but the
morning hour lias expired, and the appro-
pi iation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. [ ask consent to say
a few words.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the unfinished business being inform-
ally passed over to enable tho Senator from
Connecticut to reply?
 lr. COLE. I do not wish it passed over
for any length of time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the unfinished business will be in-
formally passed over, subjcct to a demand for
the regular order.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I suppose it is well
known to the President and to the country that
there are abuses in connection with the collec-
tion of customs in the city of New York, that
there is wrong-doing to some extent, which
has been made to appear by the investigations
which have thus far proceeded, which impli-
cate officeholders and merchants. So long
as lhat is clearly before the committee, it
appears to me that the President could have
been charged, and perhaps justly, with failing
in the performance of his duty if he had not
taken early measures to enforce the law. He
does not propose, as I understand it, to set
aside any particular class of citizens and to
designate them as criminals above all others,
but to have the law enforced against all. I
doubt exceedingly whether it would have been
wise in him, indeed 1 do not believe it would
have been, to direct the district attorney in
the city of New York to prosecute a particular
class of our fellow-citizens for violation of law
and leave out another class who are participa-
tors in the same crime, if it be a crime, and I
believe it is. Here are two parties, the one who
gives in violation of law, and the one who re-
ceives in violation of law. Are you to designate
one of these parties and say that he is a sinner
above all men in the city of New York? I
think not. I think the President is right,
judging him from the letters I have seen which
have passed between tho Attorney General
and the district attorney for the southern dis-
trict of New York. Inasmuch as tho com-
mittee have not made a report, inasmuch as
they have not yet completed their investiga-
tion, and inasmuch as there is no probability
of completing it within some weeks to say the
least, I think it quite right for the President to
have proceeded precisely in the manner in
which it appears he has proceeded, according
to this correspondence.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not hold the Attorney
General bound by the copy of his letter in the
newspapers. 1 think the probabilities arc
that it is correct, but the matter is grave
enough in my view to call for authentic infor-
mation on the subject.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I do not object to
the resolution.
Mr. BAYARD. The letter of the Attorney
General is in the following words—at least it
purports to be ; the correctness of it I ask to
have verified by the resolution, which I trust
will be adopted 
Mr. COLE. I must call for the regular
order.
Mr. BAYARD. But one moment further.
I hope wo shall bo allowed to go on and dis-
pose of this matter.
Mr. CONKLING. Some of the rest of us
may desire to say something.
Mr. BAYARD. Of course I cannot con-
trol others. I trust tho Senator from Califor-
nia will allow this matter to be gone through
with, and allow the resolution to be adopted.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Dela-
ware has occupied the floor three times ; 1
have not occupied it at all, but I think I shall
want to occupy it once on this resolution, not
that I mean to object to it. Therefore the
Senator from California neod not expect that
this subject is to be disposed of in a minute or
two.
Tho VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California demands tho regular order,
and that brings up the appropriation bill, which
is now before the Senate.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I can answer the
question——
The VICE PRESIDENT. Debate on the
resolution has gone over with the resolution
itself. The Senator from California insists on
his demand for tho regular order.
tapers withdrawn.
On motion of Mr. HOWE, it was
Ordered, That Lorenzo J. and Henry C. Thomas
have toavo to withdraw from the files ot the Senate
their petition and papers.
debates ok congress.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think the proceedings
this morning have illustrated the truth of what
my friend from Texas [Mr. Hamilton] said,
that a modest man has no chance here. I
gave way for three minutes to my friend from
Delaware half an hour ago, and the debate on
his resolution, I suppose, will last three hours
if it goes on. I think the matter which I
brought up about the Globe is in the nature
of a privileged question. If the Senator from
California will allow that bill to be taken up
now I shall be very glad to have it disposed
of. Other Senators have as much interest in
ic as I have.
Mr. COLE. I am informed that it will take
but a few minutes, and if it is a privileged
question of course 1 cannot resist that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is of such
privilege that by a motion to postpone tho
appropriation bill and consider this bill it will
be reached. [Laughter.]
Mr. ANTHONY. I will not attempt that.
Mr. COLE. I think it might go over until
to-morrow morning.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
California will allow this bill to be disposed
of. It relates to our own proceedings, and it
will-take no more time now than at any other
period. The Senator from Rhode Island has
all the papers here.
Mr. COLE. I am very apprehensive that
it will lead to debate, and perhaps consume a
good portion of the day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It can be checked
at any time, if the Senator from California
yields, subject to a demand for the regular
order.
Mr. COLE. I will do that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California yields in that way, and the
Secretary will now report the bill. It is taken
up subject to a demand for the regular order.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 681) to
provide for the reporting and printing of the
debates in Congress. The bill proposes to
direct the Congressional Printer to enter into
a contract, in behalf of the General Govern-
ment, with Franklin Rives, Jefferson Rives,
and George A. Bailey, for the reporting and
printing of the debates in Congress fur the
term of two years from and after the 4th day
of March, 1871, in accordance with a proposed
form of contract from Rives & Bailey, sub-
mitted to and approved by the joint Com-
mittee on Public Printing on the part of the
Senate. The bill appropriates $400,000, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, the ac-
counts having been approved, as in previous
years, by the Secretary of the Senate and by the
Clerk of the House, or their representatives.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, the con-
tract for publishing the debates of Congress
expired on the 4th day of March, 1871. The
contractors, the publishers of the Globe, ad-
dressed a note to Congress before the expira-
tion of the contract, urging them to take some
measures for the publication of the Globe, if
it was intended that it should be continued.
This was late in February last year. The
Committees on Printing of tho two Houses
were utterly unable to consider the subject at
that time. There was not a quorum of the
committee of the House, and we all know
how fully occupied every Senator was at that
time. On the 4th of March, 1871, when the
present Congress began, there was no Com-
mittee on Printing on the part of the House,
and I think the House Committee on Printing
was not appointed until the day before the
resolution passed the Senate that no business
except of a certain specified character, which
did not include any matter as to the Globe,
should be transacted at that session. Under
these circumstances, the Committee on Print-
ing suggested to the contractors that they
should go on, not doubting that Congress,
which they had long and so faithfully served,
would do what would be right in the matter,
and I, by direction of the committee, made a
statement to that effect on the 7th of March
last in the Senate. 1 then said :
" In an informal interview which I had with ono
of tho publishers of tho Congressional Globe, I
stated to him that I thought if he went on contin-
uing the publication of the debates until there was
time for tho consideration of the subject and for a
report to be nutate by the Committee on Printing,
wiipn it should be appointed, to the Senato and to
the liou.-'e, I presumed the two Houses of Congress
would do him justice and see bun paid ; and I told
him I would make this statement to the Senate. Of
course I had no authority to make any arrangement,
because I had ceased to ben, member of the com-
mittee by the expiration of the Congress, and he
understands that if lie soes on. he soes on relying
upon tho justice of Congress, which 1 think will not
fail him. I therefore submit this statement that
Senators may know the condition m which the pub-
lication now is."
