1872.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
3111
very heavy penalty for such attempted action.
The great cure for the dishonesty and undue
and improper influences which this section
seeks to correct after all will be found in the
integrity and intelligence of the officers of the
Departments. It seems to me it is quite
enough for Congress to indicate to these offi-
cials by a law of this kind that persons who
hold office in Executive Departments shall
not, for two years after the expiration of their
term, be permitted to act as solicitors, attor-
neys, or agents in those Departments. If
Congress declares, as it will if this amend-
ment be adopted, that such person shall not
hereafter act as attorney, agent, or solicitor
in any Department, that is sufficient to pre-
vent it being done. I deprecate this con-
tinual addition of crimes and penalties to our
laws. It is quite enough, it seems to me, to
indicate to our officials that a certain class of
people are, from high motives of public policy,
to be excluded from using their personal in-
fluence and using the information which they
have gained while in the employ of the Gov-
ernment for the purpose of furthering their pri-
vate interests. If that fact be made known to
the officers of our Departments, surely it will
be sufficient to accomplish the exclusion of
the class of persons who are here referred to
without having this repetition of fines and
penalties for attempting to act. They cannot
act if this substitute is adopted, and it is not
prospective in its character, which meets the
objection, which I think is a sound one, of
my friend from Wisconsin.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend
from Delaware a question ?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He says they cannot act
if they are told they ought not to. Suppose
they should happen to act; what then? Does
he propose to let them act as violators of the
law without punishment?
Mr. BAYARD. Well, Mr. President, I do
not think violations of a law of this kind are
to be presumed or expected. It would be
well known that an official who permitted
one of this proscribed class of persons to act
as attorney, agent, or solicitor in his Depart-
ment would be very apt to lose his official
head. That would be perfectly well under-
stood, and I cannot imagine either that the
person would attempt to actor that the official
would permit him to act in the face of a law
of this kind, and I had rather, I confess, see
the law obeyed in that way than to have this
eternal reliance upon penalties and punish-
ments as the only means of securing obedi-
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a very millennial
argument.
Mr. STOCKTON. I regret very much to
differ with gentlemen for whom I have so
high a regard as the gentlemen who sit on
my right, [Mr. Bayard and Mr. Casserly,]
and I have not risen to discuss this ques-
tion, but I deem it my duty to express on
this occasion my utter and entire dissent to
the whole of this section. Why the Govern-
ment of the United States finds it necessary
to put pains and penalties upon any man
who seeks to make a living by practicing
his business or profession, and cannot make
it any other way, I do not understand ; and
it is a very bad principle to admit that that
can be done or may. be done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I was about to ask ray
honorable friend a question with his permis-
sion in reference to what he says about the
honor of the Government; whether he would
be willing to repeal the existing laws which
prohibit a member of Congress from prac-
ticing before the Departments?
Mr. STOCKTON. Certainly not as long
as he is a member of Congress. That ex-
clusion is founded upon public policy. Every
member of Congress and every Senator is a
natuial guardian of the Treasury. It is his
business to defend it, to protect it, and he
certainly could not go in and assail it. That
is perfectly plain.
Mr. EDM UNDS. But my friend will see it
interferes with the private operations of that
member of Congress in the meantime, and his
argument went to the point that it was very
improper to interfere with the right of a citi-
zen to do what he had a mind to, and a man
ought not to be deprived of his rights as a citi-
zen because, as the best citizen in a particular
district or State, he has been elected to office.
Mr. STOCKTON. I differ with the honor-
able Senator from Vermont as to how far my
argument went. It went to this extent: that
you had no right to put pains and penalties
upon a man because he had been a member
of Congress. You have a right to see that he
behaves himself under the Constitution as a
member of Congress while he is in Congress;
but you cannot disqualify him, you cannot put
disabilities on him because he is a member
of Congress. There is nothing degrading in
being a member of Congress. It is not so
degrading that a man should be all the rest
of his life, or for two years, or any other time
supposed incapable of doing the business that
his fellow-citizens do. Suppose we were to
pass a law that any man who had ever been a
member of Congress should not for two years
thereafter be allowed to practice his profes-
sion in any court of the United States; sup-
pose, in other words, without wearying my
imagination to seek for further suppositions,
you would put any other disability 011 him,
would that be right? You may say it is con-
stitutional. I do not want to go into as close
an argument as that; and yet when the Con-
stitution says that members of Congress shall
be chosen in such and such a way and under
such and such circumstances, I doubt very
much whether it is not running the line very
close to pass a law saying that a man has got
to suffer any disability for being so chosen.
I rose, Mr. President, simply to suggest this
idea. I have no wish to argue it. I regret
very much to differ with gentlemen so learned
in the law; and if they have thought over the
subject carefully, I have no doubt I must be
in error, but 1 recollect distinctly when I was
upon the Committee on Appropriations, this
question came up and I saw the evil of it. I
admitted the evil; I would gladly seek a
remedy; but the remedy is in the Department
itself. There ought to be no secret in a
Department, the publication of which or the
knowledge of which can endanger, under any
proper and fair system, the public Treasury.
It must be protected by the virtue, the hon-
esty, and the character of the men who are
placed at the heads of the Departments. I do
not mean to say that they are not so now; but
place such men there, and one after the other,
step after step, you will find gradually all the
men under them will become just as pure. It
is a matter of imitation. The example of pub
lie virtue in the heads of Departments, from
the highest office in our Government to the
lowest, will always be followed by the employes
as well as by the people of the country. It is
a matter of tone ; it is a matter of character;
it is a matter of honor. There is nothing else
in the world that can protect your Treasury.
To pass a provision of this kind, it seems to
me, is an admission of the impossibility of
having proper integrity in our Departments,
which I do not believe. In addition to that,
I say if it is not unconstitutional, it is a con-
tinuation of that long-continued system of
unnecessary police interference with the indi-
vidual liberty of the citizens, which is always
more or less tyrannous. Its only justification
is that it is necessary for the preservation of
the public good and the public Treasury.
Mr. SPRAGUE. There is 110 credit in any
man who repudiates his debts. That is a self-
evident proposition. He does so_ whence in
any way conceals an error or mistake in his
credit accounts. The measure before us is
one of the latter kind. If the Government
owes, let the Government pay, and let all the
facts favorable to the claimant be open to his
agent and to the public. It is a question of
national repudiation or common honesty. I
favor the latter, and shall vote for expunging
the sixth section. A clerkship in Washington
under the Government is the most dwarfing to
the clerk of any in the United States. I
would vote for any proposition that would
tempt him from such employment. If he can
gain a more independent livelihood by the use
of the knowledge which he acquired in Gov-
ernment employ that would tempt him out of
it, one person at least would be saved from its
pernicious influences.
Mr. STEWART. There may be evils that
are aimed at by this section, but this section
does not reach the main evil in the Depart-
ments. There ought to be a system of prac-
tice there by which both sides can be heard.
You ought to stop ex parte applications and
hearings affecting private rights, or affecting
the rights of the Government, require notice
to be given, and have both parties repre-
sented ; have the Government represented
when there is only one antagonist, and when
several are interested have them all present.
If you would provide that there should be no
more ex parte practice in any Department in
any case, then there would be no need of this
provision. Then if the attorneys should pos-
sess information obtained in this way, if the
Government were represented it would make
no difference. We have now a Department of
Justice, with a good many officers, and when-
ever there is a controversy in a matter involv-
ing certainly over five hundred dollars, or
involving title to land, or involving franchises
that ought to be heard in the Department,
both sides should be present. I think it would
be much better if the committee would direct
their attention to having trials in such cases,
not ex parte hearings when-e damages are done,
where wrongs are committed; and then I do
not think an ex-clerk of a Department would
have any advantage over an able lawyer who
took up the case. I do not think he would
have any advantage over the Attorney Gen-
eral or his representative. In every case of
importance there ought to be some rule by
which the claim may be properly scrutinized
and publicity given to the transaction. That
would save millions, and save private rights.
The great trouble in the Departments is the
want of publicity in these transactions. Every
question affecting private interests or affect-
ing the rights of the United States should be
heard publicly, and everybody should be
heard in open court, so to speak; anybody
should be allowed to come in and hear the
case ; a day should be fixed for the hearing 111
all these controverted matters. Outside of
that there is no business for any attorney or
any agents about the Departments. Ihat
being secured, the ex-clerks would not beany
more potent than anybody else. 1 suggust to
Senators to make it an offense for an officer
to communicate with them ex parte at all.
That ought to be done. That is the grand
evil which should be stopped. I do not think
this section amounts to much striking at a par-
ticular class. I do not think we are touching
the real evil. The real evil is ex parte prac-
tice in the Departments. It is not the use of
information obtained while he was in the
Department by an ex-clerk, who has been
turned out of office and has got no friends,
but the ex parte practice of the Departments.
We ought to require something like the prac-
tice in the courts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Delaware as a substitute for the
section.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment offered by the
Senator from. Wisconsin to strike out section
