1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Condition of the South—Mr. Harper,
Ho. of Reps.
course of the law and of that action under it
■which must inevitably follow its adoption.
The whole machinery of our common school
system will be broken up, and the schools will
be discontinued, for no white man will suffer
his children to attend a school taught by a
colored man, or by a white man with a black
conscience. Education for the whites, at the
public charge, will become an impossibility.
The torch of learning, just relighted since the
war, will be extinguished, and our people
must maintain private tutors at home, or send
their children to distant and expensive private
establishments, neither of which is within the
means of my people.
But, sir, this is only the beginning of the
evils to be entailed by this bill. The negro
will soon discover that he can drive a good
business by enforcing his rights to social
equality; by receiving a fee of $500, and
it will be proclaimed far and near in the
dwellings of Ham that any black man whose
sensitiveness on the score of social equal-
ity is touched by the refusal of a white man
to recognize it may have his wounded feel-
ings healed by the soothing application of
that sum. Then will the barber, the hostler,
and house servant go about seeking for some
white man rich enough to lacerate their sensi-
bilities profitably. Some smart hotel waiter
discharges himself, and well aware that there
is a spare bed or two in the house, goes to the
landlord and demands that a private room be
forthwith given him and his dusky wife. He
is refused, and likely enough kicked out of the
hotel. The machinery of this bill is then
started, the mill proceeds to grind, and the
hotel-keeper comes out, if he comes out at all,
bankrupt and out of business.
The same experiment will be tried on the
great lines of public conveyance, and the
same results will follow. The conductors who
order and the brakemen who execute the
ejectment of an insolent, presuming colored
man from a first-class Pulman sleeping-car;
the superintendent who sustains this action,
and the president and directors who uphold
the superintendent, will all be indicted and
suffer the penalty of the law.
This all may seem like trifling; but I pro-
test that I am only imagining what may well
be the result of an attempt to enforce acqui-
escence on the part of the white citizens in
this doctrine of social equality thinly vailed
in the bill under consideration by the name
of civil rights. I do not desire or intend to
trifle with so serious a subject; but I do wish
the gentlemen ou the other side of the House
to see for themselves, as we of the South are
likely to see, the palpable and inevitable con-
sequences of the passage of this or auy similar
law.
The bills under consideration in the House
are not as complete in their provisions as the
similar measure pending in the Senate, inas-
much as the latter extends the scope so as to
include churches. And, looking at the history
of the legislation here for the past few years,
it is but fair to presume that the crusade will
go on until our churches even will not be
permitted to interpose even a cherished de
nominational restriction to prevent the acces-
sion of unworthy members. The people of my
district are emphatically a religious people. A
grown man or woman in our mountains who
is not a regular member of some church, or
who does not attend church with his or her
family, is as rare as one who has no visible
means of support. We love our churches,
sir; we cherish and stand by them as stoutly as
■we do by anything left us by the war. We
have always, in other days as well as now,
allowed the colored population free access to
every place of worship. They have every
facility there that we can have, except that ot
sitting in the pews or seats intended exclusively
for the whites; a,nd now it is intended to pull
down this restraint, the last barrier between
the social relations of the two races, created by
the Almighty with such evident marks of dis-
tinction as will render it impossible for them
ever to mingle as one.
Grant that we give up our schools ; that we
travel and lodge, eat and drink with the col-
ored race; that our places of amusement are
closed to respectable and fashionable life; that
the Masonic Lodges and other benevolent in-
stitutions are disbanded, there is yet one thing
we never will give up as long as the spirit of
our fathers is in us ; and that is, the right to
worship God in our own dear old way. Our
churches maybe shut up and deserted, as they
will be whenever a United States marshal
shall try to thrust his negro proiggi into posi-
tions where our customs forbid him to go;
but we will stick to our observances in spite
of that. As long as we can find in our high-
lands a covert from the storm, we will follow
the glorious example of the Waldenses and
the Covenanters, conducting the worship and
celebrating the rites of our churches under
the shadow of the groves and behind the
shelter of the everlasting hills.
I have thus confined myself to the effects
which may be expected to be produced in my
own district and State. But the operations of
this kind of legislation will extend throughout
the entire South; and in every community
where the negro element is at all prevalent, we
may expect to see the same dreadful spectacle
of schools destroyed, churches deserted, and
one race arrayed against the other.
Nor will the northern States be exempt from
similar afflictions. When the negroes there see
the means of plundering the whites ready made
to their hands, and observe how at the South
the whole power of the Federal Government
is exerted to enforce the social as well as the
civil equality of their kindred, they will begin
to think that white men have no rights which
they cannot share, and will attempt to force
themselves into the schools, the colleges, the
sleeping-cars, the hotels, the fashionable thea-
ters, Masonicandotherlodges, and the churches
heretofore kept exclusively for their white
race.
I am much mistaken if the zeal and charity
shown by gentlemen on this floor from the
great commercial and manufacturing centers
of the North will go quite so far as to be will-
ing to receive the objects of their good will
to the enjoyment of the same privileges which
they seem determined that we of the South
shall afford them. White blood up there is
not much different from that which runs in
our veins. The Caucasian will not mix with
the African any sooner in Massachusetts than
in North Carolina; and although the feeble-
ness of the latter element at the North may
not compel New England to participate in all
the direful consequences of the kind of legis
lation which I am opposing, enough will cer-
tainly transpire there to open the eyes of the
people, and force them to see something of
the wretchedness and affliction which the
policy of their representatives is causing
their brethren of the southern States.
J11 all my public life, hitherto, I have been
the warm and earnest advocate of popular
education. Whenever a measure has come
before those Legislatures of North Carolina
of which 1 have had the honor to be a mem-
ber, intended to extend the inestimable ben-
efits of free schools to any of her children,
rich or poor, white or black, it has always
found iu me a zealous supporter. The records
of those sessions which 1 attended will show
that f never failed to vote in <avor of every
law by the operation of which instruction
could be given to any class of society. Such
has been my interest on this floor in this
question of education, that on the adoption
of the amendment offered by the gentleman
from West Virginia [Mr. Hereford] to the
act to establish an educational fund, and to
apply the proceeds of the public lauds to the
education of the people, whereby the pro-
visions of the act were not to be withheld from
any State by reason of her refusal to establish
mixed schools, I cordially cast my vote in
favor of the bill, although I was well aware
that the policy of the bill was opposed by a
majority of the Conservative members here.
I so voted purely in the interest of free educa-
tion, as I would vote for any measure not vitally
obnoxious, which would enable two children
to be educated where only one was educated
before. The free schools of my State are very
dear to me, and I cannot sit here in silence
and see a bill pushed to its passage which I
honestly believe will cause the destruction of
that noblest of our charities, which will take
the means of education from our people and
compel them to bring up their children in
ignorance.
Education is, next to religion, the patron of
every virtue and the foe of every vioe. Take it
away from us, and you compel us to bring our
children up candidates for crime, and destitute
of those safeguards which are so essentially
necessary to them in their passage through life.
Besides all these objections to this bill, sir,
I confess I am totally unable to sec a single
reason in its favor. The negroes have all they
want. They do not desire such privileges as
this law would give them. That they would
claim them, if given, after being taught so to
do by adventurers from other States who have,
for political considerations, infested our bor-
ders, does not by any means prove that they
wish them, or that they would be benefited
by them. They are an imitative race, and fol-
low blindly the example of any self-made
leader. But they do not ask the. passage of
this bill, and on reflection would, 1 am per-
suaded, be unwilling that it should pass. We
have given them schools to which they greatly
prefer to send their children, and other accom
modations which, from the practice of many
years, we and they are convinced are most
suitable to them and their habits.
I atn convinced that the adherence o^ the
white Republicans of my district and the State
at large to their party is not caused by any
belief in such a doctrine as this bill teaches.
They are as far from being willing to send
their children to mixed schools as the Con-
servatives are; and I do not know one of
them with whom white men commonly asso
ciate who would not scorn the imputation th:*t.
he was an advocate of the social equality of
the rares, If this hill passes [ believe my
Kepnblican fellow citizens will make common
cause with the Conservatives ; their differences
will be forgotten at the ballot-box, and every
white man will protest against this wicked
attempt to compel him to acknowledge as nil
equal and associate any one whom his reason,
his education, his habits, and every tradition
of his kindred have caused him to look upon
as his moral and social inferior. The bill pro-
poses to confer on the blacks nothing which
can do them good ; and it will inevitably tear
open old sores now healing, and widen differ-
i ences now almost obliterated between them
j and the whites. Instead of joining the races
! as one, a thing which eternal wisdom and
| power has rendered impossible, it will coun-
1 teract the cfFects which years of peace have
had in harmonizing those races, and array the
stronger against the weaker, until, perhaps,
the extinction of the latter will become a ques-
tion merely of time.
There are instincts in our bosoms which He
deeper than laws; feelings which elude, and
passions which defy, the ministers of justice.
Every such act of oppression as this will only
serve to arouse these instincts, stimulate these
