1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4007
Mr. CHANDLER. It is the dread of de-
tection that prevents it. Remove that incen-
tive to watchfulness, and there is no estimat-
ing the amount; it might be fifty millions or
it might, be a hundred millions.
Mr. FENTON. I agree with you in the
principle of retaining the system.
Mr. CHANDLER. Hence, I very much
doubt the propriety of abolishing the moiety
system. It is very true, as the honorable Sen-
ator from Delaware remarked, that it has its
abuses. So has every good thing its abuses.
Undoubtedly there are mean men engaged in
it; but there are some very honest men, who,
seeing their employers making thousands and
tens of thousands of dollars in violation of
law, say, '* I may as well mate my hundreds
or thousands in bringing them to justice," and
in that way, under a pledge of secrecy, they
communicate to a detective of'the Govern-
ment, the fact that the Government is being
defrauded. I am very clear myself in the
opinion that the moiety system should not be
abolished so far as the internal revenue is con-
cerned.
Mr. SCOTT. There is no parallel between
the violations of the customs service and the
violations of the internal reveuue laws. There
is hardly ever any attempt made to violate the
customs duties except in cases where the
attempt is a willful one, where there is an
intention to smuggle ; but the difficulty in the
internal revenue system arises out of the fact
that there are many technical violations of the
internal revenue laws, and where you offer
moieties to informers you offer an inducement
to lead persons into these technical violations
of the law. For instance, there are many in-
stances in which small manufacturers of cigars
have been induced by these professional in-
formers—not the Government detectives, but
by professional informers, to violate the rev-
enue laws for the very purpose of making an
information against tkein.
I know, and I have conversed on this sub-
ject frequently with both supervisors of inter-
nal revenue and collectors, that there are
many instances in which intentional violations
of the reveuue laws could only be detected
and the perpetrators brought to justice through
the information of parties who were unwilling
to give their names, and after the process had
been carried through, the penalty was ad judged
to one of the informers, and that penalty di-
vided with the party who had actually given
the information. Such has been the practice
in some cases. Now, if we can so discriminate
as that the courts, or the courts with the aid
of t.he Secretary of the Treasury and the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, could adjust
these moieties only in cases where there were
intentional violations of the internal revenue
laws, and still preserve the system of informers,
it would be well enough; but in the absence
of ability to discriminate between the two
eases, I feel satisfied that so much odium has
been brought upon the internal revenue sys-
tem by information given of the character to
which I first adverted, of technical violations
of the law, that we shall be better subserving
the public interest if we abolish these moieties
altogether for the present, and in the system
which we are now introducing, simplifying the
administration of the internal revenue laws,
confide to the head of the department a fund
which he may use for the purpose of bringing
to justice those persons who do commit actual
and willful violations of the internal revenue
laws.
There has been a great deal of complaint
in many portions of the country of the hard-
ships that have been imposed upon persons
who were really innocent, and were not will-
fully guilty of any violation of the internal
revenue laws. The fact that such cases may
be compromised is no answer, because the
man is brought into court; he is subjected to
the cost and inconvenience, and even to the
odium of being brought there, and has to set-
tle his case; and that is no assurance that the
next day he may not, perhaps, for an uninten-
tional violation of the same law, be subjected
to the same difficulties. So I think we had
better get rid, if we can, of the odium attached
to the system in consequence of so many
unfounded prosecutions having been made.
Mr. HOWE. I have given some considera-
tion to this general question of moieties. Just
how far there should be a difference made in
the two branches of the revenue, internal and
external, I do not know. My own judgment,
is that moieties should not be given to officers
connected with either branch of the service. I
am quite confident they should not be given to
officers connected with the customs service. I
am as confident that it would not do to take
the moieties away from the rest of the world.
I believe when you employ a man in either
branch of the service you should pay him a
salary which will induce him to be faithful, a
salary which will reward a competent man,
and it is the duty of such men to protect your
revenues against these frauds. They cannot
always do it. In spite of them frauds will
sometimes be committed. Butit seems to me,
when you offer that very man one half of these
frauds for detecting them, although I do not
believe it induces to direct fraud very much on
the part of the officers themselves, it would
be a little strange if it did not induce careless-
ness. The Government offers him really a
bribe to be defrauded, because the moment he
is defrauded he is furnished with the oppot-
tunity to make a large sum by exposing the
fraud.
But I agree with the Senator from New
York, who spoke just now, [Mr. Fexton,]
that you ought not to legislate upon that matter
m this bill and in this way. I have looked at,
some time during the session, a bill which
I believe was reported by the Senator himself
which proposes two things, if I remember:
one is to take these moieties from the customs
officers, and another is to raise the salaries of
those officers, and I think those two measures
should go together. I do not believe you ought
to leave those officers upon the pay now ac-
corded to them and take the moieties from
them. If, however, you give them adequate
pay and then take moieties from them, if they
are defrauded, I do not see how the Government
suffers, or good morals suffer, or anything but
rascality suffers, if you say to all t.he rest of
the world, " Jf you come on that rascality and
expose ityou shall have one half of the netpro-
ceeds." The money is gone from the Treasury
the moment the goods are run through the
custom-house or the moment the whiskies or
tobaccos are put upon the market without pay-
ing the proper tax or the proper duty. The
Government is helpless. What anybody else
by any honesty or any vigilance rescues from
that is so much gained. If you just take your
tax or your duty and put that into the. Treasury
and let the informer have all the rest, the
Government is entirely whole, and good morals
are preserved by that very arrangement, be-
cause the rascal understands that there is a
direct money inducement held out to every-
body to watch him and expose him.
It seems to me if we agree to the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Jersey and
strike out the first four lines of this section, it
would still be quite as incumbent upon us to
strike out the residue of the section. You do
not want this $100,000. I do not believe that
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue or the
Secretary of the Treasury or the collector of
customs in New York, Philadelphia, or Bal-
timore could make any practical use of that
$100,000. Anybody who is disposed to follow
up these frauds will do it for a share of the
money he recovers. If a man undertakes to
do it upon a salary, he is no better than the
customs officers themselves. He will take his
salary ; he will take his special compensation ;
and if he does not do the work, if he does not
get the money how are you going to help your-
self? You are no better off. I should be
opposed, therefore, to this whole section. I
would agree to a part of it in the proper place.
Whenever the Senator from New York shall
bring up the bill to which I have just referred,
and t_o which he referred himself, I think I
shall agree to that proposition which takes
away moieties from those officers, but only
after you have increased their salaries.
Mr. CORBETT obtained the floor.
Mr. CAMERON. I wish the Senator from
Oregon would give' way for a motion for an
executive session for some business that ought
to be transacted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I want to get this bill
out of committee now so as to have it in the
Senate when we meet this evening. The re-
cess is ordered at five o'clock. Let us get the
bill out of committee. I think debate is about
exhausted on this matter.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we can finish the
reading of the bill and get it out of committee
before the recess.
Mr. CAMERON. If a vote can be taken I
will agree to that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it very probable
if we get a vote now on this subject we shall
get through without any trouble before five
o'clock.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senator from Ohio,
who occupied something like thirty-five or
forty minutes this morning 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Corbett] is entitled to the
floor, unless heyieldsto the Senatorfrom New
Jersey.
Mr. CORBETT. I yield.
Mr. STOCKTON. The Senator from Ohio
having come into the match question got
much more time than the rule permitted this
morning, and I, not having opened my lips, on
the bill except to sustain the suggestion of my
colleague the other night, wish now to make
a suggestion about this paragraph.
I think my views, if I heard him correctly,
agree entirely with those of the Senator from
Wisconsin. I think this whole system is de-
moralizing. I have witnessed its effects my-
self in the United States courts. I have seen
persons guilty of no crime whatevex-, who had
no intention of doing anything that was pro-
hibited by law, caught in the meshes of your
law and punished severely and imprisoned,
and the officers of the law, who in some cases
had absolutely induced them to commit the
offense, without whom no offense would ever
have been committed, rewarded for it. My
suggestion is, and I will move it as an amend-
ment if it be in order, that the whole of the
section after the word "repealed" in line
four be stricken out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is
an amendment to an amendment now pend-
ing.
Mr. STOCKTON. Then I shall move at
the proper time to strike out all the rest of
the section after the word "repealed," in line
four, page 77.
Mr. CORBETT. The question of repealing
this system of moieties has come before the
Committee on Commerce quite often, and I
believe it was the unanimous opinion of that
committee, on an examination of that ques-
tion, that it was unadvisable to repeal that law.
The system of moieties establishes a system of
offices, you might say, throughout every por-
tion ot the country, extending to every part,
wherever there is a still or a tobacco manu-
factory, or any manufacturing going on where
the law may he violated.
The proposition now before the Senate, of
giving to the Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue $100,000 to use in his discretion in the
detection of persons guilty of violating the
internal revenue laws, may be a very proper
one in addition to the present system, as pro-
posed by the amendment of the Senator from
New Jersey, which I would vote for; but I
am not willing to do away with the present
