2216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April o,
they admit. All of these make in the aggre-
gate $138,000,000 spent by these various
bureaus of the War Department in excess of
the appropriations made by Congress. And
in a note under date of March 12 the Secre-
tary of War states that the Freedmen's Bureau
reported to the War Department that the pro-
ceeds of the sales of Freedmen's Bureau prop-
erty were never covered into the Treasury,
hut " accounted for" to the Treasury, and
expended as other funds belonging to the
Bureau and whenever we learn the truth as
to the property sold by the Freedmen's Bureau
they will not fall short of 525,000,000. The
War Department, even according to the vague
statement furnished, has spent in excess of
the appropriations from one hundred and fifty
to one hundred and seventy-five million dollars,
and used it as a corruption fund to buy ad-
herents and secure fealty to the Republican
party. I am satisfied tlmt is where the money
has gone in great part; and yet they Rome here
year after year to demand appropriations, and
almost insult the people's Representatives
when they are asked what they have done with
the people's money.
Mr. Chairman, we have become so accus-
tomed to talk about millions and hundreds of
millions of dollars lately, that even the vast
sum squandered by the Quartermaster's Bureau
is treated as a small matter, just as the $250,-
000,000 out of which the impoverished South
has been plundered by the carpet-bag emis-
saries of Congress is looked upon as a mere
bagatelle which their efforts on behalf of the
Radical party fairly entitled them to. Yet
$105,000,000 is a very considerable sum. All
the members of this House could not count it
in two weeks in gold dollars if they worked
from sunrise to sunset every day; it weighs,
in gold, over two hundred and thirty-six tons,
being about two and a quarter tons to the mil-
lion dollars; if loaded in wagons containing a
ton of gold each, the teams could not stand on
Pennsylvania avenue, in double row between
the Capitol and the White House. Yet a quar-
termaster in the War Department can divide
it out, and the Seretary of War become indig-
nant if Congress ventures to ask him what has
been done wiih it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. DA WES rose.
Mr. BECK. 1 wish to occupy only five
minutes further. If the House will give me
five minutes further I will quit on this bill.
Mr. DAWES. I will give the gentleman
from Kentucky my live minutes, if it be agreed
I shall have ten minutes when he has con-
cluded.
Mr. BECK. Yes, and I will say nothing
more about it.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objection?
Mr. COBURN. Yes, I object.
Mr. DAWES. I desire merely to say 
Mr. BEGK. Five minutes' time is all I
want, and then [ have done.
Mr. DICKEY. I hope the gentleman will
be allowed to make his remarks continuously.
Mr. COBURN. i object to it.
Mr. DICKEY. He can get the floor again.
Mf. BECK. It does not make any differ-
ence to the gentleman from ludiana, for I can
get the floor soon again.
Mr. COBURN. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
the motion of the gentleman to strike out the
paragraph.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to say, Mr. Chair-
man, that the gentleman, when this bill was
before the House before, complained that the
Secretary of War hud neglected to answer his
resolution, when the answer to his resolution
at tiiatvery-moment was lying on the Speaker's
table, sent the day before. Ot' course the gen-
tleman ought to know it. It is due to the Secre-
tary of War that the fact should be known that
immediately upon the presentation by him of'
his second resolution it was answered instantly
with all the dispatch possible.
Ihave always understood the gentleman him-
self to have admitted that his first resolution
was of so broad a character that it was impos-
sible for the Secretary of War to answer it.
Afterward he made out a new resolution, which
was less particular and required less labor,
and with which he expressed himself entirely
satisfied. The answer to that was upon the
Speaker's, table the day before he made this
attack upon the Secretary, but it had not been
opened until that day. It was opened and pre-
sented to the House when the gentleman made
this attack.
I do not exactly know what the gentleman's
complaint is, but it seems to be this : he speaks
of the enormous sums expended in the War
Department. No doubt enormous sums have
been expended. The war itself, ont, of which
that expenditure grew, was the most gigantic
war in the annals of the world, and the ex-
penditures consequent upon it were equally
gigantic. But if the gentleman knows that a
dollar expended in the quartermaster's de-
partment was not properly expended, then
he has ground for an accusation against the
officer under whose administration that dollar
was expended. None of these expenditures
were made under the administration of the
present Secretary of War at all. They were
made under the administration of former Sec-
retaries of War. But whoever administered
the Government, the administration of the
War Department, whether in the hands of
friend or foe, should be held accountable for
any dollar expended fraudulently or improp-
erly.
The trouble with the gentleman is that he
wants instantly, without allowing any time or
any appropriation of money, all the accounts
of the War Department since 1865 to be
brought here and laid on the table, and at the
same time somebody to stand by them and
explain them to him. The accounts of the
War Department during the time covered by
the gentleman's inquiry could not be drawn in
here by a span of horses and a truck cart.
The gentleman has no conception o-f the
amount of'them. The answer to the inquiry
contained in his first resolution, about which
he complains, would have taken all the clerks
in all of the Departments three months' time
to_ have transcribed and put in a form to be
laid before this House. And what would they
have been to the gentleman from Kentucky?
Nothing hut Greek. He could not understand
them any more than he understands the plain-
est thing brought to his sight here in these
discussions. He cannot understand the fig-
ures presented to him -here, and much less
could he understand all the complicated ac-
counts of the War Department.
For instance, the gentleman asked the Secre-
tary of War, instantly upon a resolution which
he got passed here, to tell us what had become
of every article that had ever been sold by the
War Department since 1865 at any place
throughout the whole territory of the United
States, who had sold it, to whom he sold it,
and what the seller did with the money. Now,
when a man in the quartermaster's department
purchases a horse or a barrel of flour, he some-
times sells that horse or the barrel of flour,
and with the proceeds purchases another horse
or another barrel of flour, or some other pro-
visions for some other place. And then in the
course of the necessities or the exigencies of
the department he sells it again at that place,
and makes another purchase. And my friend
from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] gets up here with
a great show of indignation, because the Sec-
retary of War did not find it in his power in
three days' time to come back here with all
the accounts of the quartermaster's department
to tell him where a man in Arizona sold a
mule and what he did with the money ; when
he purchased a barrel of flour, the name of the
man of whom he purchased it,' and the name
of the man to whom he sold it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the last word.
The CHAIRMAN. That has been the
amendment pending, and debate on it has
been exhausted.
Mr. DICKEY. Let us go on to the next
paragraph.
Mr. BECK. Yery well. I withdraw the
motion to strike out.
The Clerk read as follows:
]?or expenses of recruiting and transportation of
recruits, 8120,580.
Mr. BECK. I move to strikeout that para-
graph. I do so for the purpose of continuing
my former remarks. But first I desire to say,
in answer to the gentleman rom Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes,] that no part of the reso-
lution which I introduced, if fairly construed,
would have required the Secretary of War to
state what he had done with mules or horses
sold in Arizona or anywhere else if he had
merely sold them to buy other like property
with the proceeds. My resolution applied to
moneys arising from the proceeds of sales of
property which the Secretary held as a public
trustee. The $105,000,000 arising from the
sales by the quartermaster's department which
have been disposed of in addition to all the
appropriations made from year to year since
the war closed is a sum worth inquiring about
and its expenditure is not to be either laughed
or sneered out of Congress. It is a mere dodge
on the part of the Secretary of War to pretend
that he cannot answer the resolution, and it is
equally a dodge on the part of gentlemen on
the other side of the House who say so. The
answer sent in gives us no sort of information
except the general admission of what it was
known we could prove.
Now, sir, they have received and spent
$105,000,000 in one bureau alone from sales
of property since the close of the war; that is
conceded. I have taken .some pains to put the
figures down, because the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] told me I was
complaining improperly. I have examined
all the expenditures of the War Department
from 1791 up to the present time, and I am
free to say that, in my opinion, the fathers of the
Republic would be amazed if they could learn
how things are managed now. The total ex-
penditures of the whole War Department from
1791 to 1812, and from 1816 to 1833, a period of
thirty-seven years, amounted to only $104,925,-
646. The total expenditures of the Govern-
ment in all its departments, from 1791 to 1812,
a period of twenty-one years, amounted only to
about $100,784,000, or $5,000,000 less than the
quartermaster's department alone has squan-
dered in the last six years, in addition to all
the vast sums Congress has annually appropri-
ated to support it. Look at it from another
stand point. The total appropriations for,
and the total expenditures-by the War Depart-
ment from the foundation of the Government
up to and including 1861 amounted to $508,-
856,225. This embraced all expenditures in
our Indian wars, in the war of 1812, and the
Mexican war. The appropriation for the War
Department alone for the year 1863 amounted
to $003,314,411 82; for the year 1864, $690,-
391,048 66 ; and for the year 1865, .$1,030,-
690,400 OS. It will thus be seen that while
the appropriations for 1803 exceeded all
the expenditures from 1791 to 1862 over
$34,000,000, and those of 1804 exceeded them
over $121,000,000, the appropriations for 1865
alone were nearly double all the expenditures
in the seventy-one years of our national exist-
ence preceding 1862, being $101,734,174 57
more than all combined. 1 am not complain-
ing now of the frightful amounts stolen an'd
squandered during that war, but I am trying to
show that many hundreds of millions of dollars'
