372
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Senate.
Extension of the Ku Mux Act—Mr. Blair.
42d Cong....'2d buss.
feelings, and excite these passions, until there
is developed that might and majesty of public
opinion all over the land which will not only
render the execution of such laws impossible,
but will overwhelm in a common ruin their
authors and the race for whose pretended good
they were contrived.
1 have refrained from saying anything about
the unconstitutionality of this bill. I am no
lawyer, and could not put my opinions on that
question into legal and orderly phrase: but
looking atit simplyasapracticalman, I confess
itseemsto methatif the founders of our institu-
tions had foreseen that any such legislation as
this would ever have been attempted, they
would have hesitated long before they would
have given us, under the name and form of
republican Government, that which enables a
minority of the whites with the aid of the blacks
to crush and torture the majority of the white
men of the country. If Congress has the power
to pass this bill and make it a law it has the power
to enact laws to regulate the minutest social
observances of domestic or fashionable life.
If it has the right to say to my neighbor, ''You
must ride in the same car, eat al the same
table, and lodge in the same room with a
negro," it can also say that you must not inter-
pose an objection on account of his color to
any advances he may make toward your
children or family.
Finally, sir, I appeal to the majority here,
on behalf of my good old State, one of the
oiiginal thirteen—a State known and honored
for the steady habits of her people, the law-
abiding character of her citizens, and for the
dignity which her son3 have imparted to our
natioual councils; a State where, no matter
what trumped up stories calculated to defame
her have been circulated by men careless of
reputation and greedy of gain ; where, I say,
the laws are reverenced and held to be supreme,
in whose wildest mountains a stranger would
be safer at midnight than in the city of New
York at noon ; a State which, haa been stripped
of wealth, whose great public works are yet
incomplete by reason of her poverty, and
whose public chaiities are barely maintained
by the self sacrifice of her citizens; a State
which, prosperous and advancing ten years ago,
is now destitute of everything but her soil,
her schools, and her charitable institutions,
and whose children have lost almost every-
thing but their self-respect: in behalf of this
State, this old North Carolina, sir, I appeal
to the members here to pause and well con-
sider before they commit themselves to meas-
ures which will deprive us of what little we
have left, which will ruin our schools and col-
leges, perhaps shut up our churches, and leave
us to the mercies of an inferior, unprogressive
race.
Extension of the Ku Klux Act.
SPEECH OP HON. F. P. BLAIR,
os missouri,
In the United States Senate,
May 20, 1872.
The Senate, as in Committee of the "Whole
having under consideration the bill (S. No. 656) to
extend the provisions of the fourth section of the
act approved April 20,1871—
Mr. BLAIR said:
Mr. President : I ask the Secretary to read
the bill under consideration.
The Chief Clerk read the bill, as follows :
Be it enacted, &e„ That the provisions of the
fourth section of the act approved April 20, 1871,
entitled " An act to enforce the provisions of the
fourteenth amendment to the Constitution of tne
United States, and tor other purposes," shall con-
tinue in torce until the end ol the next regular
sessioQ of Congress.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President, as this bill
proposes to continue in force until the end of
the next regular session of Congress the pro-
visions of the fourth section ot the act of April
20, 1871, I ask the Secretary to read that sec-
tion which it is proposed to continue.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
" Sec. 4. That whenever in any State or part of a
State the unlawful combinations named in the pre-
ceding section of this act shall be organized and
armed, and so numerous and powerful as to be able,
by violence, to either overthrow or set at defiance
the constituted authorities of such State, and of the
United States within such State,-or when the consti-
tuted authorities are in complicity with, or shall
connive at the unlawful purposes of, such powerful
and armed combinations; and whenever, by reason
of either or all of the causes aforesaid, the convic-
tion of such offenders and the preservation ol the
public safety shall become in such district impracti-
cable, in every such case such combinations shall be
deemed a rebellion against the Government of the
United States, and during the continuance of such
rebellion, and within thelimits of the district which
shall be so under the sway thereof, such limits to be
prescribed by proclamation, it shall be lawful for the
President of the United States, wheu in his judgment
the public safety shall require it, to suspend the
privileges of the writ of habeas corpus, to the end
that such rebellion may be overthrown: Provided,
That all the provisions of the second section of an
act entitled ' An act relating to habeas corpus, and
regulating judicial proceedings m certain cases,'
approved March 3,1863. which l elate to the discharge
ot prisoners other than prisoners ol war. and to the
penalty for refusing to obey the order ol the court,
shall be in full force so far as the same are applica-
ble to the provisions of this section : Provided further,
Tnat the President shall first have made proclama-
tion, as now provided by law, commanding such in-
surgents to disperse: And provided also, That the
provisions of this section shall not be in force after
the end of the next regular session of Congress."
Mr. BLAIR. Practically this bill proposes
to give the President of the United States the
power of electing himself by force. It puts
at his disposal the military power of the Gov-
ernment to be used during the period of the
presidential election at his own discretion,
and in my judgment for no other purpose than
to secure his reelection as President. It is
one of a series of acts by which the elections
in this country have been placed under the
supervision and control of the Government of
the United States. The act which it is now
proposed to continue in force was passed about
a year ago, limited to cease at the close of this
session of Congress. This was intended to
feel the temper of the people of this country'
to ascertain if they would consent to the over-
throw of the great writ of right, the habeas
corpus, under circumstances defined in the
bill, circumstances which were then shown to
be such as did not authorize the Congress or
the President to suspend the privileges of the
writ of habeas corpus, because there was not
such a case as that which had been defined in
the Constitution.
I do not intend at this time to go over the
argument which was then made, ai.d which was
to my mind conclusive; but I desire to call
the attention of the countiy now to this at-
tempt to continue this act in force during the
period of the presidential elections, which was
anticipated at the time by those who opposed
it, in which their anticipations have not been
at fault, because the attempt is now being made
to force it through before the adjournment for
the purpose of giving the control of the mil-
itary authority of the Government to the Pres-
ident of the United States to reelect himself.
I have said that it was one of a series of
acts looking to this object. An act pas
some time ago, in 1870, giving the Federal
Government supervision of the elections within
the States, which in the original act was lim
ited to cities of over twenty thousand in popu
lation. That has also been extended within
the last few days, by a bill which has passed
the Senate, to every precinct in the country,
authorizing the judges appointed by the Presi-
dent, upon the application of a certain num-
ber of citizens, to appoint supervisors in any
preci net and in all the precincts where elections
are held in this country.
So solicitous were the dominant party in
this country to make these laws supervising
and controlling the elections applicable to
every portion of our country, that within the
last few days they have changed the time of
election in the State of Louisiana to bring
that State in the presidential election under
the direct supervision of the Government.
The other portions of the act, the fourth
section of which you now propose to continue,
give jurisdiction to the courts of the United
States of all crimes which can, by any possi-
bility, occur within the States. That does not
require an act to continue it in force. It re-
mains in force by its own terms, clearly demon-
strated upon this floor by the Senators oppos-
ing its passage to be unconstitutional, subver-
sive ol the jurisdiction of the State courts,
drawing to the Federal officials complete,
absolute, and universal control over questions
which never before, under any circumstances,
were deemed cognizable in the courts of the
United States. Hence I assert that the plain
object of this bill (and it can have no other
object) is to give the President power to
reelect himself by the bayonet. Martial law
is not an unusual device under Radical rule
for carrying elections in this country. It is
not now for the first time attempted and put
in force for that purpose. It has been made
use of elsewhere, and with the approval of the
Administration, and we have come to this:
that the party in power are endeavoring to
prop themselves and to maintain their power
by the use of the Army of the United States
in controlling the elections of the people.
That is the point to which this misnamed
Republican party has at length brought us.
The President of the United States has
already exercised the authority vested in him
by this act, and a resolution was passed by the
other House of the Congress which had clothed
him with the authoiity to exercise this power,
asking him to inform the country the precise
circumstances under which he felt himself
authorized to exercise this power in nine coun-
ties of the State of South Carolina last fall.
After long delay we have the President's re-
sponse, and I propose briefly to call attention
to that response giving the justification of the
President for declaring martial law in South
Carolina last autumn. The President says in
House Executive Document No. 268, of the
present session, the message being addressed
to the House oi Kepresentaiives :
" Representations having been made to me that in
certain portions ol South Carolina a condition of
lawlessness and terror existed, I requested the then
Attorney General, Akerman, to visit that State, and
after a personal examination to report to me the
facts in relation to the subject. On the 16th ot Octo-
ber last he addressed me a communication from
South Carolina, in which he stated that in the coun-
ties of Spartanburg, Yoik, Chester, Union, Lau-
rens, Newberry, Fairfield, Lancaster, and Chester-
field there were combinations lor the purposes of
preventing the free political action of citizens who
were friendly to the Constitution and Government
of the United States, and ol depriving the emanci-
pated class of the equal protection of the bvvs
'These combinations embrace at least wo thirds
of the active white men ot those counties, ami nave
u sympathy anf^ countenance of a in.ijoriiy of the
other third. They are connected with similar com-
binations in other counties and States, and 110 doubt
arc part of a giand system of criminal associations
pervading most of the southern States. The mom-
bers are bound to obedience and secrecy by oaths
which they are taught to regard as of higher obi iga-
tion than the lawful oaths taken befoie civil magis-
trates. They are organized and armeil. They ofteu
their objects by personal violence, olten extending
to murder. They teriily witnesses. They control
juries in the State courts and sometimes in the
courts of the United States. Systematic perjury is
one oi the means by which prosecutions ot the
members are defeated. From information given by
officers of the State and of the United JStates,
and by creditable private citizens, I am justified in
affirming that the instances of criminal violence
perpetrated by these combinations within the last
twelvemonths in the above-named counties could be
reckoned by thousands/
"I received information of a similar import from
various other sources, among which were the joint
, select Committee of Congress upon Southern Out-
