4QQ8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
system, which extends all over the country.
No matter how many officers you might ap-
point throughout the country, you could not
inaugurate any other system as efficient as
this system of moieties. You may employ
men and pay them high salaries, and we know
very well that men who are employed and paid
high salaries are the very men who will not
do this thing. They are the very men who
will not inform, although they will prosecute
offenses whenever they are brought to their
knowledge, and will see that the law is faith-
fully executed as far as it is in their power to
do so. But under such a system you have no
means of discovering frauds. If you want to
ascertain where frauds are committed, you
must offer some inducements to those who are
employed in the pursuits in which the frauds
are committed to come forward and expose
them. By so doing you have a system wliich
will detect those frauds and prevent them. |
The whole system is a preventive one, as has
been said.
You will never prevent or detect these frauds
by appointing high-salaried officers to carry
out the law. I do not believe any such system
can work efficiently. They will take their
salaries and they_ will stay at home, and they
will perform their duties wherever they are
compelled to; but, there is no incentive to
them to examine into the frauds of their neigh-
bors and make themselves obnoxious to their
neighbors by informing upon them, if you sim-
ply give them a salary. If, however, you offer
moieties to the persons who are employed by
the people engaged m this manufacture, you
will succeed in finding out and bringing to
justice those who are engaged in frauds.
Many of the objectionable features of this
system have been brought about by the law
extending to so many little things, such as
placing stamps upon canned goods, upon
matches, and upon other little things of lhat
kind. We are doing away with all these stamp
duties now, and our internal taxes hereafter
will be principally conlined to tobacco and
whisky. Those two interests can afford to pay
more than the Goverumeut of the United
States, and if you do away with this system of
moieties, they will outbid you.
Mr. MORTON. Before the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue can offer a reward under
this bill for hunting up fraud and prosecuting
it he must have some information on the sub-
ject. There is the precise difficulty. How
shall he get his information? Nobody has
any interest in giving it to him. Suppose a
distiller in Indiana commits a fraud. It is
important to hunt it down and bring the
offender to justice. How is the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue to get the information,
in the first place, that will enable him to offer
the reward? But if the moiety system exists,
then there is a standing offer to every man
knowing anything about that distiller to come
forward and inform and have the offender
brought to justice.
There may have been cases where the in-
former has induced the party to commit the
crime, but I think they are very rare. The
inducement to commit the crime is the money
to be made by it. not that he has been seduced
by some informer. There may be technical
cases of violation ; I think that is very likely;
but the Department has the power to compro-
mise all cases of that kind, and I have no
doubt does do it wherever it is made apparent
that it is a case of technical violation without
criminal intention. That power is lodged in
the Department now, and the informer is out
out of his moieties in that ease.
Mr. President, the abolition of moieties in
my opinion is offering a premium for violating
the internal revenue laws. Who are these
men? They are not ignorant men; they are
business men; the/ are generally men of in-
telligence ; and frauds against the revenue are
of all frauds most difficult to discover, because
they are generally committed by men having
some intelligence and some knowledge of busi-
ness. They do not crop out and are not found
out in the ordinary way. They must be hunted
up by men of equal skill, men who labor to
bring it about, and they must be paid- for it.
The occasional abuse of the system is no
argument against it. 1 have heard of cases
of abuse, and some have no doubt occurred;
but they are not very common. Wherever
there is an abuse, and it is made apparent
that a distiller or a manufacturer is the victim
of a scheme, it is always in the power of the
Department—and it acts liberally and we know
it does—to relieve such a man from the con-
sequences of the violation of the law. But I
say the frauds against the revenue are gener-
ally committed by intelligent men; they are
deep-laid ; they are not found out in the ordin-
ary way, and you cannot successfully hunt
them down and punish them unless you pre-
sent a reward sufficient to induce men of equal
intelligence to go upon the track and engage
in the labor of hunliug them down. I think
myself it would be a disaster to adopt this
section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is upon theamendment of the Senator Irom
New Jersey [Mr. Frelinghuysen] to the
amendment of the committee.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to know
what the amendment is and to have it read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to
strike outin page 77, section twenty-four, the
following words, commencing in line one:
So much of section one hundred and seventy-
nine of the act of July 13, 1866, as provides for moie-
ties to informers be, and thesame is hereby, repealed;
and.
Mr. CASSERLY. I still do not understand
whether it is proposed to strike out just the
part read by the Clerk.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is all.
That is an amendment to the amendment of
the committee. The amendment of the com-
mittee is to insert the whole section.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am opposed to that
amendment. There is hardly any better thing
in the whole of this bill than that part of it
proposed to be stricken out. The race of
informers are justly a most detestable race
all the world over. Their stock in trade is
deception in almost every form. The false-
hood which is most dishonored among men is
precisely what they pride themselves upon,
especially when it is most successful. I wish
I had at my hand the charge of one of the
United States district judges in the State of
New York in a case in which a considerable
part of the testimony, perhaps all of the most
material testimony, was given by Government
informers. He charged the jury that those
men were suspicious witnesses from their very
calling; that by reason of the peculiar arts to
which they systematically resort for success
they come upon the stand a3 suspicious wit-
nesses before court and jury. He charged
them also that they must not receive the
testimony of such characters except with the
greatest caution, and even then not without
corroboration from unsuspected witnesses.
The Senator from Indiana has declared that
the number of cases is small in which inform-
ers have contributed, either before or during
the fact, to the commission of the very crime
in question. If the Senator from Indiana had
had the good fortune or tile misfortune of the
information which 1 was able to derive from the
investigation in New York, I know he would
not have made that statement. I believe I
shall be warranted in saying that one of the
things upon which your professional informer
prides himself is the skill with which he
"works up" a case. The meaning of that
terrible slang phrase is but too well known. It
means, among other thing, this: that the un-
happy wretch, who perhaps hardly knows how
to commit the crime that he is disposed to
commit, is led along ; he receives instructions,
not from the informer, but from his accom-
plices, that enables him to consummate the
offense. Perhaps the most innocent form of
it is where the informerj being perfectly well
aware of what is meditated by the offender,
permits him to go on day after day, under his
constant supervision, until he has committed
the over| act which makes him amenable to
the criminal jurisprudence of the United
States.
I have met no man in office or out of office
with whom I have had the opportunity of a
candid and full conversation upon this subject
who does not agree that the evils of the whole
system are enormous, that it is demoralizing
in the last degree. The worst of it is that your
own officers, th.ough bound by their oaths to
do their duty to the United States in all those
cases, are too often tempted, in addition to
their lawful and honorable wages of service,
to accept a share of the informer's fee. Can
anything be imagined much worse than that?
In one case we had a witness on the stand
for several days ; I will not name him ; I do
not wish to do him any injustice by bringing
him in ex parte into this discussion ; but I will
say of him, he was one of the most intelligent
witnesses 1 ever saw upon the stand. He was
an official in responsible and high position,
and yet that witness was himself to a consid-
erable extent in the practice of sharing in the
fees of informers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired. The question is on
the amendment of the Senator from New Jer-
sey [Ijlr. Frelinghdysen] to the amendment
of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. STOCKTON. Would it be in order
now to offer the amendment t suggested ?
The PRESI DING OFFICER. It would be.
Mr. STOCKTON. Then I move to amend
the section by striking out all after the word
" repealed" in the fourth line, in the following
words:
And the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, with
the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, is
hereby authorized to pay such sums, not exceeding
in the aggregate the amount appropriated therefor,
as may. in his judgment, be de&ined necessary for
detecting and bringing to trial and punishment per-
sons guilty of violating the internal revenue laws,
or conniving at the same, in eases where such ex-
penses are not otherwise provided for by law; and for
this purpose there is hereby appropriated 5100,000,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
As I said before, and as the Senator from
California has so much better said, I know
that this is not only wrong in theory, but I
know in practice it works badly. It is an
absolute temptation to men to commit crime
by officers that you employ for the purpose of
making them criminals. I have seen many
and many such a case, not merely technical
cases, as my friend from Indiana said, but cases
where young and innocent people were led on
step by step and made to commit crime, and
the officers had the face to go into court and
tell their story and see those young people
convicted and sent to prison.
These cases usually occur in passing coun-
terfeit money. Situated as we are so near
New York, the counterfeiters in New York,
after they get the counterfeit money in their
hands and escape the detectives in New York,
come over on our shore and try to pass their
money there; and I have known a case of the
sort which I will relate. The Government
detectives will get in with some young men;
will tell them they know a way of making
money easily; will tell them that with so much
good money they can get so much bad money
which will easily circulate. They will go on
a spree with them, and when they get them
half drunk make them a bet which they will
lose, and then they will in some way put a
little counterfeit money in their hands, and
