r 1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2217
■worth of property purchased with the vast
sums which I have shown were wrung by tax-
ation from a suffering people and placed in t,he
custody of the War Department, remained in
possession of the officials after the war closed;
§2,334.38,5860 54, a sum larger than our ac-
knowledged national debt, had in the three
years preceding the fiscal year 1866 been co-
erced out of the people and handed over to
Mr. Stanton, the then Secretary of War, and
his subordinates.
The war virtually closed early in April, 1865,
by the fall of Richmond arid the surrender of
the confederate armies. The enormous appro-
priation of $1,030,090,400 for that year was
of course unnecessary in great part. Sherman
had subsisted his army on the confederacy
nearly all the previous winter. Large con-
tacts for supplies after April were counter-
manded, and the War Department held untold
millions of the people's money or its proceeds,
which has never been accounted for, and when
a Representative in this JElall demands inform-
ation on the subject, as I have done repeat-
edly, he is resisted, opposed, and harassed
with objections as though he was an officious
intermeddler; and when at last, by dint of
threats to resist and stop appropriations if
the inquiry was not allowed, which the Demo-
cratic party, on this floor authorized me to
make, and pledged their support to make good,
I at last got the resolutions passed, Congress,
whose act the resolution became, is snubbed
by a Secretary of War, and a second resolu-
tion only brings a general statement of the
amounts received, without deigning to tell us
either what has been sold or what has been
done with the money, except that it is all
spent.
The day of reckoning is at hand, lhe peo-
ple begin to understand that the wholead'atn-
lstration of the Government is reeking with
corruption. The investigations recently insti-
tuted hardly penetrate the bark. 1 h e core
will be reached if we ever get a majority on
this floor and can demand a thorough investi-
gation of the books of the various Executive
Departments of this Government. We will
the- know what and how much property was
sold in order to produce the $107,959,416 62
which the Quartermaster General says he has
received and spent in excess ot all appropria-
tions. We will learn what it took to produce
the $17,132,027 73 which the chief of ord_
nance says he has obtained from the^ sales ot
the property ot our constituents. V\q will 11y
and learn what has been dope with the pro-
ceeds of the three hundred and sixty-three
ships which we know officially have been sold
by the Navy Department, as well as ot the
other untold millions which have gone to en-
rich the political parasites who, trout paupers
and bankrupts, have become millionaires on
beggarly salaries. _ .
it is slowly but surely penetrating the brain
of a confiding and long-suffering people that
all the robberies perpetrated under the guise
of reconstruction were only part of a scheme
of purchasing party fealty and subservience;
that the proceeds of public property which the
Secretary of War justly says has been sold
in immense quantities at public and private
sale," have been paid out tor the same pur-
poses; that the tenure of office bill was
passed to prevent President Johnson from
removing partisan and corrupt officials, and
from, placing men in power who would expose
the frauds and corruption rampant in every de-
paitment; that the startling statement made on
this floor by General Schenck, when chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, that over
$100,000,000 had been stolen in a single year
in the collection of the single item of taxes on
distilled spirits, by or with the connivance ot
the revenue officials, as well as all the other
outrageous acts of the Executive, and Congress,
and their official minions, are but parts ot a
system to purchase loyalty (so called) and to
maintain the dominant party in power and
place. Corruption is rampant everywhere.
Congress and the Departments are alike scan-
dalized by corrupt rings, organized everywhere
to control legislation and decisions, which, un-
less stopped, will bring disgrace on all the
members of Congress, however honest they
maybe.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The time of the gentle-
man has expired.
Mr. BECK. I have prepared some figures
for the purpose of calling attention to a bill to
stop this corruption, and 1 ask that they be
printed in the Globe.
Mr. DAWES. 1 object.
Mr. BECK. Does the gentleman object to
my having the figures printed?
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman ought not to
ask leave to have printed an attack upon the
Government.
Mr. BECK. Then I give notice again, as I
have done heretofore, that I-will object to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
or any other gentleman on the other side
obtaining unanimous consent to have printed
in the Globe what they do not actually speak
in the House. I have introduced a bill and had
it referred to the Committee of Claims, to try
and stop the corruption of lobbyists here, and
these are the figures upon it.
Mr. STEVENSON. For my part I want to
hear the gentleman's figures.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman understands
why I object.
Mr. BECK. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts shall never hereafter have a chance
to have printed what he does not say.
Mr. DAWES. I have not asked it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I do not
see any occasion at all for this commotion on
the one side or on the other of this House.
I am willing to agree to some of the points
made by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Buck.] In the first place, he insists that there
were $1,000,000,000 spent in 1865. Admit it.
In 1865 we disbanded an army of fourteen
hundred thousand men, paid them off, and paid
all the expenses of sending them home.
The gentleman also says that since then we
have expended various sums, amounting, I
think he said, to §100,000,000 a year, to keep
men loyal. Admit that, also, for the sake ot
argument. For the three years before 1865
we had to expend over two thousand million
dollars a year to keep men loyal. Now, if we
have in the last five years reduced the ex-
penditures from $2,000,000,000 a year to
§100,000,000 a year, that is a great and eco-
nomical reduction. We have dohe very well,
indeed, if by any means we can buy the men
of the South and keep them loyal, instead of
whipping tliem to make them loyal, and not
doing it with some of them even then. I think
it was a' good expenditure. But I deny the
premises.
It, is easy to say that there are wrong ex-
penditures. I call the attention of the Com
mittee of the Whole and of the country to the
fact that with ten committees of investigation,
ay, twelve  
A Member. There are fourteen.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Four-
teen, some one says. Let it be a score, it
you please; yet nobody has been able to
show where a single dollar has been spent
against the provisions of law. If I am wrong,
let me ask some gentleman to tell where is
the evidence to that effect? That great ex-
penditures are now being made and are now
necessary is true.
Mr. SLOCUM. I would like to know what
the gentleman says with regard to the testimony
of Mr. A. T. Stewart ill reference to the cnarges
that General Gram's .staff officer, Mr. Leet,
exacted double the amount which he was au-
thorized to do by law. Did not Mr, A. 1.
Stewart, who was first chosen by President
Grant as his Secretary of the Treasuiy, testify
| bei'oie the committee of investigation mat
George Leet, General Grant's staff officer,
charged double the rates for storing goods m
New York that he was authorized to do ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That did
not come out of the Treasury. I am talking
about expenditures of money from the Treas-
ury.
Mr. SLOCUM. Nobody alleges that they
steal right directly from the Treasury, but they
do it indirectly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask,
where is there any evidence that one dollar
has been taken out of the Treasury by any
officer of the Government and spent contrary
to law? I should like to know, even, whether
anybody says that Leet spent any Government
money contrary to law ?
Mr. MORGAN. What does the gentleman
say 
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield.
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman asked a
Question, and I want to answer it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Well,
answer the question.
Mr. MORGAN. I will mention one single
item out of the thousands that could be named.
What does the gentleman say to the $400,000
stolen by Paymaster Hodge, and gambled
away in Wall street?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Oh, yea ;
when I asked if anything has been spent
wrongfully out of the lreasury, I am told about
a defaulter who came down to us from a former
Administration, and who after being appointed
by a Democratic Administration carried oil his
career of crime until a Republican Adminis-
tration caught him.
Mr. L. MYERS. And a Republican Admin-
istration punished him.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BECK. I withdraw the motion to stake
out the pending paragraph.
The Clerk read the succeeding paragraph.
Mr. BECK. I move to amend by striking
out the paragraph just read. I make this
motion for the purpose of submitting a few
additional remarks, after which I shall be
done with the subject.
Mr. Chairman, t have made no statements
which are not verified by official figures. I
have affirmed that at least $138,000,000 has
been spent by the War Department alone
during the last five years, besides all the appro-
priations made for that Department; that^ it
has been spent without the order or authority
of Congress, in ways of which we know not—
spent in great part, as I can prove whenever
an investigation shall be had, for purposes ot
corruption and securing party feality. I am
not going into details. I do not know how
much it takes to keep men loyal. I do not
know what amount was required to keep the
gentleman from Masschusetts [Mr. BtTLEu]
loyal. I know that in 1800, when he and 1
were Democrats together, it was more trouble-
some to keep him loyal than it was to keep me
loyal. If he can ascertain what he was worth
then and what he is worth now perhaps he can
answer the question. [Laughter.] Gentle-
men on the othei side can speak each for them-
selves and tell what it takes to keep them loyal.
All 1 say is that this money has gone in ways
that Congress knows not of. I say further, that
to-day no measure, however just, can pass Con-
gress, no claim however honest can be settled
and paid by any Department of the Govern-
ment until the claimant has subsidized and
paid tiibute to the swarm of vamp.res who
hang around and pollute every approach to
nower. Rings and lobbies, almost exclusively
of the extra loyal persuasion, have their emis-
saries everywhere, magnifying their influence
over the authorities here, demanding and ob-
taining from one half to three fourths of every
claim generally on the scandalous pretense that
they have to subsidize, or, in plain English,
bribe and buy members of Congress and heads
of Departments and bureaus betore any claim
