1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3113
. claims to those Departments as though they
r were not out of office, on the ground that they
; were illegally dismissed. They are to claim
' their pay for five, six, or eight years that they
> have been out of office, and suppose that they
J had no claim. Claim agents are trying to in-
; duce them to put the3e claims into their hands
in order to go before the Departments and
' argue the question of law whether they are
: still in office or not, in order that they may
- draw their back pay. It is sought to get this
; information not only from those who have
; gone out of office, but from men who are now
in office in the Departments, and I fear that
tjiere have been some in the Departments who
might give this information, who might give
to those claim agents the names of those
officers who were thus dismissed, and have not
been in the service -for five or six years, and
now come and wish to draw their pay, claim-
ing that they were illegally dismissed. I hope
this section may be so amended that the Sen-
ate can agree to it.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I differ with my dis-
tinguished friend from New Hampshire. I
hope the section may not be so amended as
to make it acceptable to the Senate. I think
it ought to be st'-icken out. I think it is pro-
scriptive and objectionable in many respects.
Is merit to be visited with such harshness?
It seems to me it is improper. It is, to say
the least of it, an indirect charge of dishon-
esty against all members of Congress, and the
officers of the different departments of the
Government as contemplated iu the section.
That certainly is not correct. Surely it is at
war with our institutions. Why proscribe A,
B, or C because he has been elected to Con-
gress by any portion of the citizens of the
United States in accordance with the laws of
the land ? It is true at this day there can be
many found outside of Congress who will read-
ily charge that no man who has been a mem-
ber of Congress .ought to be trusted: but for
my part I do not propose to indorse those
wrong accusations. I make an issue with
them. The presumption is that a man is hon-
est until the contrary is proven.
Now, suppose an officer of one of these
Departments that this section is calculated to
operate directly against resigns or retires, as
the case may be; there is no charge against
him, but everything tending to compliment
him and to show that his action had been
meritorious ; then there ought to be no pro-
hibition aganist him, but he should be left free
to be chosen by his fellow-citizens for any
office or business, just as in the case of Presi-
dent Tyler. President Tyler had his proud
position at the head of this nation, as the
Chief Magistrate residing in the White House.
After his time of service expired he returned
to Virginia, and I believe the good citizens
there elected him a justice of the peace. There
Was no great objection to that; perhaps a
greater one would have been that he had better
have been in that position at first. But, sir, I
desire that there shall be no such proscription,
and for my part 1 think it would be very
improper for us to adopt such a section as
this.
Mr. LOGAN. I take a somewhat different
view of this subject from the positions which
I have heard expressed in this debate. I look
at this proposition as an attempt on the part
of the legislative body of this country to sup-
press information to which parties are enti-
tled by declaring that persons who have left
the Departments shall not practice therein for
two_ years. I state this as a proposition honest
in itself. If any Department of the United
States Government is indebted to an individual,
it is, its duty to pay the amount, and it makes
no difference to me whether that information
is given by a clerk in the Depaitment or out
of the Department. It is honest for them to
pay that which they owe. They are not re-
quired to pay that which they do not owe.
So far as having attorneys or solicitors to
see that the rights of the Government are pro-
tected in the Departments is concerned, every
Department of the Government has a solicitor,
save the Post Office Department. Why do
they not have one? Because the accounts of
the Post Office are settled by the Sixth Auditor,
who belongs to the Treasury Department, and
the Solicitor of the Treasury can always be
called upon in reference to anything that re-
quires legal information. Here it is proposed
to say that a man who has been a poor clerk,
struggling ill one of these Departments for
existence, if he should be removed, shall be
turned upon the cold charities of the world
without a right to say that the Department
owes a certain man $100, and without a right
to prosecute that claim as well as anybody
else. That is not the way for the Government
to act. The Government should not cover up
anything so far as its debts are concerned, but
should pay them.
I was amused somewhat when I heard my
friend from New Hampshire disclose certain
facts in reference to a postmaster who held a
small office in his State, aud who had written
to him that a certain clerkhad been dismissed,
and that clerk had made a memoranda of num-
erous charges against the Post Office De-
partment, that were honestly due to postmas-
ters who had gone out of the service and had
never been paid. Well, sir, if they had
never been paid, the Government owed them,
and ought to have paid them, and it was not
the business of the Post Office Department or
the Treasury Department to retain it from
them. That is about the same principle pre-
cisely as if 1 were to owe a Senator to-day
$500, borrowed money, and if he forgets it, 1
will never disclose the fact and will keep die
$500. That is considered an honest transac-
tion on the part of the Government!
Now, let me tell a little story that will prob-
ably balance the one told by the Senator from
New Hampshire. During the war a quarter-
master from my State served faithfully. In
fact, he was the quartermaster of the old regi-
ment I first commanded. After the war was
over, after he was mustered out of service, the
Government owed him some nine hundred
dollars of salary. He could not receive that
sum until he could procure a certificate from
the different accounting officers that his ac-
counts were settled in the quartermaster's
department. He could not procure that certifi-
cate, and that $900 remained unpaid until
about one year ago. Why? Because an ac-
count of his, charging him with two balls of
candlewick and a set of tent poles, the whole
of which I could purchase for a dollar and a
quarter, was suspended, and he could not ac-
count for them, and so he was kept out of
$900 for nearly seven years. He offered to
pay the money ; he offered to do anything; but
they said he must swear as to what he had
done with those things. He said he could not
swear what had become of the balls of caudle-
wick or the tent poles, and being an honest
man he would not do it, and they kept him
out of his money.
Do you consider that the way to deal with the
constituents and citizens of this Government
that your Departments must cover up all the
indebtedness they owe to them? If you cheat
aud defraud them out of their due, what right
have you to complain if citissens undertake to
cheat and defraud the Government? You are
complaining every day that people perpetrate
frauds upon the Government. Perhaps they
do; but will the fact that you deprive a poor
clerk of the right of prosecuting a claim in the
Post Office Department prevent scoundrels
from defrauding the Government? Notatall.
The honest men who are turned out of the
Departments and became claim agents will not
try to defraud the Government. The dis-
honest men will evade your law, and procure
some other men to act for them. So you take
nothing by your bill, it amounts to nothing;
and it is a very small piece of business for the
Congress ofthe United States, at least one third
of whom, if not more, are lawyers, who have
made their living by their profession, to pass
a law that a poor c'lerk, with one leg or one
arm, shall not have the right for two years
after leaving the Department to present a
claim for ten dollars for some old postmaster
to whom it is due. Why? Because he had
knowledge of the fact while in the Depart-
ment, and was honest enough to tell it. I do
think it is about as small a thing as we could
attempt in the. Senate of the United States,
and I shall vote for striking the whole thing
out, amendments and all, and have no restric-
tion, so far as that is concerned, upon any-
body. One man has as much right to make a
living in this way as another, and we have no
right to restrict him.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to waive my five
minutes speech and ask the Senate to vote on
this proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scott. J
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the motion to strike out the sixth
section of the bill as amended.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I move to amend the bill on
page 8, line forty-five of section four, by add-
ing after the clause "for steamship service
between San Francisco and the Sandwich
Islands, $75,000," the following:
To extend the service now existing for the trans-
portation of the mail's between San Francisco aud
the Sandwich Islands to New Zealand and Australia
for the period of ten years from the commencement
of the extended service at an additional compensa-
tion not exceeding $425,000 per annum: Provided,
That the entire service between San Franeihuo and
New Zealand and Australia shall consist of thir-
teen round trips in each year, to pe performed in
first-class American-built steamships ot not less
than two thousand tons registered burden, which
shall be so constructed as to be readily adapted to
the armed naval service of the United States
in time of war, and before acceptance the
officers by whom they are inspected shall report
to the Secretary of the Navy and the Postmaster
General whether this condition has been complied
with, and shall be officered by citizens of the United
States or persons who have declared their intention
to become citizens. And a sufficient sum is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to pay for the extended
service that may bo performed under such exten-
sion prior to July 1,1873.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President 
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the Senator from
California to withdraw that amendment at this
moment to allow me to offer an amendment
agreed on in committee about purely Post
Office matters.
Mr. WRIGHT. If the Senator from Cal-
ifornia sees proper to withdraw his amend-
ment to accommodate the Senator from South
Carolina, I will not insist on the motion I was
about to make.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to be absent from
the Chamber, and I wish to offer this amend-
ment now, because I am obliged to go out.
If the Senator will oblige me by withdrawing
his amendment for the present, it will not take
two minutes to dispose of this one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California withdraw his amend-
ment?
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to amend the bill
by inserting the following items :
For construction of coal-vaults, $6,422 35.
For altering windows to doors in court-yard, $850.
For altering sky-lights, and ventilation, .$1,^75.
For doors on book-cases and other repairs thereon,
$3,187 80.
This is agreed upon by the committee and
there is no objection to it, I believe. I have
the recommendation of it from the Postmaster
General here on my desk.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I now renew my amendment.
Mr. WRIGHT. The amendment offered by
the Senator from California is now pending, I
believe?
