1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
42d Cong....2d
Extension of the Ku Klux Act—Mr. Blair.
Senate.
rages, the officers of the State, the military officers
of the United States on duty in South Carolina, the
United States attorney and marshal and other civil
officers of the Government, repentant and abjuring
members of those unlawful organizations, persons
specially employed by the Department of Justice to
detect crimes against the United States, and from
other credible persons.
" Host, if not all, of this information, except what
X derived from the Attorney General, came to me
orally, and was to the effect that said counties were
under the sway of powerful combinations popularly
known as Ku Klux Klans, the objects of which
were, by force and terror, to prevent all political
action not in accord with the views of the members,
to deprive colored citizens of t.hf. right to bear arms
and of the right to a free ballot, to suppress sohools
in which colored children were taught, and to reduce
the colored people to a condition oloseiyakin to that
of slavery; that these combinations were organized
and armed, and had rendered the local law inef-
fectual to protect tho classes whom they desired to
oppress; that they had perpetrated many murders
and hundreds of crimes of minor degree, all of which
were unpunished; and that witnesses could not
safely testify against them unless the more active
members were placed under restraint."
Mr. President, a similar resolution to that
to which this message was responsive was in-
troduced into this House by myself and objected
to by members on the other side. It was,
however, introduced into the House of Repre-
sentatives, and went to the joint select com-
mittee on the condition of affairs in the South,
and was by them reported back to the House
with amendments, some of the amendments
cutting out much matter which we desired the
President to respond to. But there was one
jioint retained in the resolution to which I ask
the attention of the Senate, and to which lam
very sorry to say the President has not re-
sponded. It was this : among other things
the resolution asked "the number and charac
ter of the offenses forbidden by said actor the
act of May 31, 1870, which are shown by
such combinations or other parties to have
been committed in the respective counties in
which the privileges of the writ of habeas cor-
pus had been suspended in the State of South
Carolina, and the dates of all such alleged
offenses."
The House asked the President of the United
Slates to commuuicate what offenses, if any,
had been committed against the act of Con-
gress which had led to the declaration of mar-
tial law, and the date at which such offenses
had been committed. We have a long list of
persons arrested under that act and the crimes
charged against them, ninety-nine out of one
hundred of which is the crime of conspiracy,
and in no single instance has the President
given us the date of any single offense which
is alleged to have been committed. This was
omitted, I am compelled to say, deliberately
with a view of creating a false impression, of
misleading the country, of inducing the coun-
try to believe that those persons arrested had
committed the offenses in or about the time
when martial law was declared, the fact being
that all these offenses were committed nine or
eighteen months or two years previous to the
passage of the law itself of which they under-
took to take cognizance in their court. At
this point I call the attention of the Senate to
a brief paragraph from the report of the mi-
nority of the committee. Mr. Van Trump,
who was in South Carolina as a member of
the sub-committee, states in his report, page
586:
" "We believe, we might almost say we know, that
nothing has transpired in South Carolina since the
passage of theKu Klux law which can be the slight-
est justification of tho President in suspending the
writ m the absence of war and the clash of arms,
spreading terror and dismay among whole masses of
people guiltless of crime, The public press, as well
as our owu private information, testify to the fact
that there has been no more trouble or disorder in
South Carolina for the last nine months than is com-
mon to any other State in the Union.
" In the absence of the facts, or statements and rep-
resentations which are not facts founded in truth,
communicated to the President, whether truthfully
or falsely, prior to the issuing of his proclamation, we
unhesitatingly assert that ior nine months prior to
said proclamation,and atleast three months previous
to the passage of what is known as tho KuKlux law,
there was more peace and good order throughout the
entire borders of South Carolina than had been at
any time since the termination of the war. Now, if
this is the fact, then the action of tho President was
not only unwise and impolitic, but it was a naked
and most unjustifiable act. of tyranny and oppression,
at war with the spirit of free institutions, and a pre-
cedent which, by repeated use, will not only sap the
foundations of the Government, but ' can almost
change the stamp of nature.' "
Upon this point I desire also to quote from
the correspondent of the New York Herald, a
paper which at that time and since that time
has been an earnest advocate of the policy
of the President. Writing from Spartanburg,
as late as November 1, 1871, he said:
"In this county, as in all others I have visited, I
oannot find any case of resistance to the State or the
United States authorities. Two years ago a couple
of revenue officers were forcibly resisted by sumo
men who were engaged in illicit distilling whisky.
No one pretends, however, that they were any more
Ku Klux than were and are the men who distill
whisky illicitly in Brooklyn, Philadelphia, Ohio, and
any other States North, and who resist the revenue
officers. This is the only case of resistance on rec-
ord. ' I never give them a chance to resist,' said a
Federal official to me, ' because i always send an
overwhelming force to arrest them.' 'Very well,
hut has any resistance been offered?' 'No.'
' Have you ever tried to make arrests without an
overwhelming force?' 'No; we used an ounce of
prevention.' 'Now,major'"—
I have no doubt this is the gentleman whose
report has been quoted by the majority,
although it is not said, Major Merrill—
" ' Now, major, are you not aware that the sheriff
of this county, a one-armed man, has gone to re-
mote parts of the county unattended, arrested men,
and brought thein to Spartanburg without meeting
with opposition?' ' So X have heard; but I do not
risk finding the same submission.' I put it to
you, readers, whether it is fair to assume that a peo-
ple will resist until they have resisted t lam assured
by some of the most eminent citizens that there has
not been a day during the past two years when a
Federal deputy marshal could not have arrested any
citizen in the county unaided by the military.
"But let me give you a further fact: many of the
arrests in thi3 county were made before the Presi-
dent's proclamation appeared. 'Why, then, major,'
I asked, 'was it necessary to suspend the writ of kubeas
corpusV 'It was not suspended because we could
not make arrests,' was the reply, 'but for the pur-
pose of preventing any attempt on the part of the
State courts to get the prisoners away from us.' "
This is a wretched excuse, inasmuch as ail
the State courts are officered by members of
the Republican party, and, as I have been
reminded by my colleague on the committee,
[Mr. Bayard,] there is not a Democratic offi-
cial in the State of South Carolina, neither
judge nor commissioner, nor anything else. The
same correspondent, writingfrom Union Court-
House under date of November 3, 1871,
says :
" In this letter I have not concealed tho fact that
troubles have existed in Union county, and I have
not denied that the Ku Klux, or men representing
themselves as such, have perpetrated gross outrages.
But will you not be surprised to learn that these
troubles ended seven months ago? X appeal to
Captain Thompson, of the United States Army, to
say how many Ku Klux outrages have occurred in
Union county during the seven months he has been
stationed there. Two have been reported, minor af-
fairs, which, upon investigation, proved to be per-
sonal quarrels. Curiously enough, all tho Federal
officials admit that for months past these counties
have been quiet. Why,then, waituntil thctroubles
are over to begin opeiations? 'Because,' replies a
Federal officer to me, 'the Government must show
its power?' Is is not a wanton display of power?
While the Ku Klux were committing 'outrages,'
nobody was arrested. From four to seven months
after they have retired to their 'dens,' and society
has resumed its normal condition, the Government
pounces down upon them. I defy the United States
marshal to produce a single warrant against a Ku
Klux in which the alleged offense was committed
within threo months past."
I defy the Senator from Pennsylvania or any
other Senator on this floor to adduce one sin-
gle instance out of all that he has enumerated
which did not occur three months anterior to
the arrests which were made under this Ku Klux
law ; and hence it is that the President of the
United States on returning a reply to the reso-
lution of the House of Representatives conceals
sedulously the dates of the offenses for which
these persons were said to have been arrested,
although directly asked by the House of Bep-
resentatives to state the dates of the alleged
offenses.
Mr. SCOTT. Does the Senator desire me
to give him the answer now ?
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly, the Senator may
answer if he wishes.
. Mr. SCOTT. Not unless the Senator
desires it. If he does I will state.
Mr. BLAIR. The Senator can answer now
or wait his convenience.
Mr. SCOTT. As the Senator says in very
broad language that he will defy me to state
any instance, I will state that about tlie latter
part of August or September—I am not cer-
tain which—the very occasion of the com-
munication of the President, was the fact that
a large number of disguised men, Ku Klux,
visited and committed an outrage upon a inan
named Quimi, who lived very uear to the liae
of Spartanburg county but in Union county,
and that a number of persons who committed
that outrage upon him, or those who were sup-
posed to have committed it upon him, were
arrested and bills found against them. They
were found by the grand jury at the United
States court at Greenville, and they were
acquitted for want of sufficient identification.
That is one case which occurred. There were
one or two others in York county, but I will
not take up the time of the Senate in detail-
ing them, but 1 give him the specific case that
I have referred to.
Mr. BLiAIK. Then the Senator has given
me one specific case iu which parties were
arrested on suspicion for an offense commit-
ted just before tlie declaration of martial law.
The parties arrested were acquitted by his own
acknowledgment, and he cites another case
of a destruction of a school-house in York
county. Mr. President, attention was called
Lo the fact. These are the cases. One an
isolated case of outrage for which the sus-
pected persons were acquitted, and another
the burning ot' a school-house; and this is
insurrection and rebellion 1
Now, sir, what is to prevent any State or
any city or county in the United States from
being put under martial law by the President
if rebelliou and insurrection are made by one
isolated outrage of disguised men and the
burning of a school-house ? These are all
that are claimed. The Senator says he could
refer to one or two others. These are all
that he thought it worth while to put in his
speech delivered here last Friday, and which
X now hold in my hand. The President had
not one word to say on the subject of the time
when the offenses were committed. He could
not have got any information of crimes com-
mitted there lrom the Ku Klux committee,
although he refers to the joint select commit-
tee as being one of the sources of his inform-
ation. He could not have referred to auy-
t.hing stated to him by that committee, because
the committee never authorized any one to
give the information to the President. He
may have got information from one of its
members; but no one of its members could
have given him information of any crioae or
outrage committed within less than nine
months previous to the declaration of martial
law, for 7io such crime or outrage is proven,
and noue cau be found in their reported testi-
mony. Here is a book with its seven thousand
pages, here is the committee's report made sub-
sequent to that declaration of martial law, and
to justify it they name no crime committed;
the people were quiet, arrests were made, a
one-armed sheriff arrested individuals through-
out that district without aid or assistance from
any one.
The Chief Magistrate of this country has
seen proper to exercise this great, authority
never before given to a President of the
United States, yielded against the protests of
