1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1821
number of Globes issued for distribution to
each member of Congress is too great and
ought to be curtailed. It seems to me the
principle which we adopted in reference to the
distribution of the Patent Office reports might
be adopted, at least measurably, in regard to
the Globes required by libraries and individuals
throughout the country. The law might be so
changed as to allow copies to be purchased, at
something perhaps even below the actual cost
of producing them, by libraries and individuals
who desire to preserve the Globe for reference.
My experience is probably like the expe-
rience of others in this body, that while there
are a good many applications for copies of the
Globe from constituents, yet there are also a
good many copies "lefton our hands at the end
of each session. Even where they are sought
for, one does not always feel secure that they
are sought for to be preserved, or that they
will be preserved, whatever may be the inten-
tion of the request at the time it is made. I
think, sir, that making a small charge to libra-
ries and individuals might have a desirable
effect, and in addition to the reduction of the
numbers issued to Senators and members of
the House, would greatly reduce the total
charge of this work. That is undoubtedly, as
we have all felt, very large, and ought, if at all
practicable, to be greatly reduced without delay.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
message ekom the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills ;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 122) for the relief of
Walter J. Lee ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1772) for the relief of
Reuben H. Bishop;
A bill (H. li. No. 1773) for the relief of
Andrew J. Jemison ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1774) for the relief of J.
W. Holiday;
A bill (H. R. No. 1775) for the relief of
Kitty Anu Smith, widow of Thomas Smith,
and James A. Stevens, of the Cromwell Home
Guaids, of Ohio county, Kentucky;
A bill (H. R. No. 1777) for the relief of P.
W. Standefer; and
A joint resolution (IT. R. No. 82) providing
for a more effective system of quarantine on
the southern and Gulf coasts.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 1760) explanatory
of the internal revenue act of June 80, 1864,
amended by the act of July 13, 18G6, in rela-
tion to sirups, jellies, mustards, and canned
and preserved fruits, vegetables and meats,
enumerated and taxed in schedule C of said
act and acts amendatory thereof.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills ; and they were thereupon signed
by the Vice President:
An act (S. No. 445) to defray the expenses
of district judges from other districts while
holding district or circuit courts in the south-
ern district of New York;
An act (S. No. 644) amending the act ap-
proved July Q7,1868, entitled "An act relating
to pensions;"
An act (S. No. 615) to reimburse certain
soldiers for loss of clothing by fire at Chicago;
An act (S. No. 570) transferring certain
powers and duties to the Department of Jus-
tice, and providing a seal therefor; and
An act (S. No. 583) for the relief of Lucas,
O'Brien, Dickinson, and other counties in the
State of Iowa.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Porter, his Secretary
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the act (S. No. 187) to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide a
national currency seeured by pledge of United
Statos bonds, and to provide for the circula-
tion and redemption thereof," approved June
8, 1864, and the act (S. No. 384) extending
the time for the completion of the Green bay
and Sturgeon bay and Lake Michigan ship-
canal, in the State of Wisconsin.
oommittee on sales of arms.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropria-
tion bill is before the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise to ask the Senator
from California to allow me to make a motion
to lay his bill on the table temporarily, so that
we may dispose of the resolution of yesterday,
which is the unfinished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania asks the Senator from California
to consent that the appropriation bill be laid
on the table temporarily to complete the ex-
ecution of the order made by the Senate yes-
terday relative to the committee then ordered.
Mr. COLE. I was not here last evening at
the time of the adjournment. The bill we
have just had up is in the nature of an appro-
priation bill, and I thought it as well to have
it disposed of at this time; but I feel reluctant
about giving way to other busiuess.
Mr. CAMERON. This will take but a
moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California can at any time move to resume
the consideration of the appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I do not like to have the appro-
priation bill laid aside.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be done informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ If there be no
objection, the appropriation bill will be passed
over informally.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Presi-
dent of the body be authorized to appoint the
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair stated
last evening to the Senate that this committee
having been ordered by the rules of the Senate
to be appointed by the Senate, the Chair de-
sired that the rules of the Senate should in
this case be observed; and every Senator will
understand the reasons which induced him to
ask of the Senate to execute their rule in this
case. While he is always willing to appoint
committees of conference as a matter of con-
venience, committees of importance are re-
served by the Senate for their own election,
and he prefers that the Senate should elect in
this case.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I presume it would
be in order for a member of the Senate to
make a motion to appoint the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would be,
The Senator from Pennsylvania asks that the
ballot provided for by the thirty-fifth rule be
dispensed with, and that this committee be
appointed by resolution of the Senate. Is
there objection 1
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand the Chair
has declined to appoint the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
declined. The Chair hears no objection to the
request of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMERON. I send to the Chair the
names of the gentlemen proposed for this com-
mittee. I have continued the name of the
Senator from Massachusetts, because I prefer
that he should serve.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator was not in
his seat this morning. I remarked that it was
impossible for me to assume any additional
duty. I made the declaration reluctantly but
under the direction of my physician, who
enjoins upon me repose. All that I can hope
to do, I would remind the Senator, is to dis-
charge the most ordinary duties of this Cham-
ber without assuming anything new.
Mr. CAMERON. Then I withdraw the
name of the Senator.
Mr. ANTHONY. Let the list be first read
as it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The names will
be read as first proposed by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, and afterward as now modified.
The Chief Clerk. The names as first pro-
posed are as follows:
Mr. Sumner, Mr. Hamlin, Mr. Carpenter,
Mr. Sherman, Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Logan, and Mr.
Stevenson.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator now
modifies the list to stand as follows:
Mr. Hamlin, Mr. Carpenter, Mr, Sherman,
Mr. Sawyer, Mr. Logan, Mr. Stevenson, and Mr.
IIarlan.
Mr. SHERMAN. I really trust the Senate
will excuse me from attempting to servo on
this committee, because, as they must be aware,
my duties on committees are now so onerous
as to occupy more of my time than I am
really able to devote. I should be very will-
ing to discharge the labor, but my time is so
occupied that I cannot do it in justice to other
duties assigned me. I trust, therefore, some
other gentleman will be selected in my place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
name is included and will remain in the list,
unless he asks unanimous consent to be ex-
cused or a motion is made to strike out his
name at his request.
Mr. CAMERON. I would rather retain the
name of the Senator from Ohio. It is a large
committee and it will not require a great deal
of his time, I trust.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it stand for the
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Ohio allows his name to stand for the pres.
ent, and the question is on agreeing to these
Senators to constitute the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask to have the list
again read.
The Chief Clerk read the list.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that one
of the Senators who have taken part in this
matter ought to be upon that committee. Sev-
eral gentlemen who have taken part against
the investigation are on it—not against the
investigation, perhaps, but who stated that
there was nothing in the matter, who have
expressed views upon it. For instance, the
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter]—I do
not remember all the names—have debated the
subject. It seems to me that the Senator from
Massachusetts or the Senator from Missouri
ought to go upon the committee. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has stated a reason
which of course precludes his going upon it.
No one, after the statement made by him this
morning, would suggest that he go upon it;
but under the circumstances, it seems to me
the Senator from Missouri ought to go upon
it, and as the Senator from Ohio desires not
to serve upon it, he might be substituted per-
haps in his place, if agreeable to the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois make that motion ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I make the suggestion.
I did not know but that it would meet the
view of the mover of the proposition.
Mr. CAMERON. I prefer that the com-
mittee should remain as I have proposed it,
and the Senate will recollect that ihe Senator
from Illinois himself said the other day that
it would not be proper for the Senator from
Missouri to be placed on the committee. He
said that, or something like it, which struek
me at the time as being Yery proper. It was
the Senator from Illinois who said that Sen-
ator himself might be investigated ; but I trust
not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not make that re-
mark in regard to the proposition of the Senator
from New York, which I moved to reconsider,
it will be remembered, because 1 thought the
effect of it might be to exclude these Senators;
but I understood that one of the Senators had
been taken notwithstanding that remark, and
