37 i
APPENDIX TO i'HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i Mav 20,
Senate.
Extension of the Ku Klux Act—Mr. Blair.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
the ablest Republicans in this House and in ;l
the other, and which ought not to have been ;j
used except in the .clearest and most over-
whelming case of necessity. It has been exer- >j
cised. The President has failed to show to us
that there existed at the time he exercised this 1
authority any ground of justification whatso- j
ever. Admitting all that is claimed, that from :
a year to eighteen months, or two years pre- i
vions, there had been such a condition of 1
things as has been described by the Senator •
in his eloquent speech, it had passed away.
You might as well attempt to defend the exer
cise of this power of declaring martial law
and suspending the privileges of the writ of
habeas corpus because the rebellion existed
seven years before this declaration. The
occasion had passed; there was no disturb-
ance. The officers there admit that there was }
no disorder. My colleague of the House, Mr. !
Van Trcmp. who was there with the Senator, j,
declares in his report, which is unchallenged, t
which cannot be successfully denied, that j:
there was no disturbance ; that he knew it of >i
his own knowledge. The President does not
pretend that there was. The Senator cannot |j
make it appear that there was any ; and here
was the wanton exercise of this power, to
overthrow the guarantees of the Constitution
for the personal liberty of the individual,
without excuse and without cause!
Martial law is still maintained within those
nine counties. Hundreds of citizens have
been dragged, without any allegation of crime,
from their homes, without the right of appeal
to the courts to be discharged from illegal
custody. Thousands, as has been said by the
Senator, have fled from their homes, and he,
in imitation of* the President, declares that
those who have fled from illegal arrest confess
by flying their guilt, when they knew that if
arrested they would not have the right of the
writ of habeas corpus. The Senator knows
well that they could be followed and arrested ;
if charges could be brought against them the
courts are open ; but no military arrest could
be made outside of these counties, upon which
the courts would not have a right to pass.
The President says that all his information
except that derived from Mr. Akerman, the
then United States Attorney General, was
delivered to him orally. He can simply send
us his recollection of it, therefore. In a case
of this kind he found it consistent with his
high office in exercising this vast power to do
so upon oral information, and such oral inform-
ation as I have already alluded to, and some
also given to him "by persons specially em-
ployed by the Department of Justice to detect
crimes against the United States, and from
other credible persons." Who were these per-
sons " specially employed by the Government
to detect crimes?'' Page 507 of the minority
report will throw some light upon it. They
say:
"By the published testimony of H. C. Whiteley,
taken before the Senate committee of investigation
in i'Jew York a few weeks sinee, it ap Dears that under
the enjoyment of A. T. Akerman, late Attorney
General of the United States, "Whiteley, who de-
scribes himself as 'chief of the secret service,' has
had a number of detectives in the Carolinas, Geor-
gia. Florida, and elsewhere, 4 working up" cases of
'Ku Klux,' and in this some ten thousand dollars
has b.een expended within six or eight months, and
the work U s'till progressing; aiSO that Whiteley has
been in communication with Mr. Scott, of Pennsyl-
vania. chairman of the joint committee, respecting
thisbusmes?.
"Such agencies are certainly dangerous in thead-
mmic-tration of justice, and never more so than under
the undefined charges ot the act of Congress, under
which Mr. Akerman supposed be had his warrant for
the employment ot such characters as Whiteley and
hifN gang, of whom Judge Benedict, in the circuit
0 1/nited States for the southern district
ot .New York, in his charge in the late case of the
United states v*. Minei, personally gpoke as follows :
hi regard to the detectives, I but repeat what
hap often been said, that, as a das*, their evidence
is always to be scrutinized,and accepted with caution.
1 do not say that detectives never tell the truth upon
the stand. I do not say tnat they always misstate
upon the stand. What I do say is that, from their
occupation, from their calling, from their living a
life of deceit, constantly engaged in the manufac-
ture of this and that and the other story, their state-
ments upon the stand are not entitled to the same
weight as those of ordinary witnesses of good char-
acter taken from the mass of the community.'"
That is the opinion of Judge Benedict upon
this man, Whiteley, whom the President in-
dorses as one among other credible persons.
The minority of the committee continue :
"This strong and emphatic language was used by a
judge of ability and experience in a trial for coun- j
terfeiting—one of the most dangerous crimes—and [
in a case where Whkelev's personal testimony was
chiefly in question. A New York jury acquitted the
prisoner because they would not believe Whiteley
and his compurgators upon their oaths. Yet who
shall say to what extent similar or worse testimony
has been received and acted upon by the packed ;
juries in the late trials in North and South Carolina; j
or what portion of the testimony relied on by the j
majority has an equally questionable basis of fact? |
"By Whiteley's own statement he wasoncean am- j
ateur hunter of fugitive slaves from Missouri, whom, !
to the number of thirteen, he captured and returned
to their masters. And this incident of his dark and
discreditable career appears strangely with his pres-
ent employment under the secret-service fund of the
Government which has abolished slavery forever."
The other source of information was the
late Attorney General, Mr. Akerman. It is
perfectly clear that the Attorney General
speaks only of the rumors which he has heard.
Hisknowledge, however, is not given as rumor \
but he makes some of the most extraordinary
statements, which the President copies in his
communication, that ever emanated from a
man in high position. He says :
" These combinations embrace at least two thirds
I of the native white men of those counties, and have
; the sympathy and countenance of a majority of the
, other third."
How did he know that? How could he thus,
upon a short visit, determine with such accu-
racy how many persons belonged to these
societies or combinations, and how many
others in the inmost recesses of their hearts
sympathized with them ? This was an official
statement, a statement of fact, a statement
upon which the President was to base one of
the momentous acts of his life ; it required
accuracy and caution ; and yet Mr. Akerman
ventures to sound the consciences and the
inmost recesses of the minds of the people of
that, section of the country, where he had
never been before perhaps, and where he could
only have been then for a brief period of a
few days. He continues :
"They are connected with similar combinations
in other counties and States, and no doubt are part
of a grand system of criminal associations pervading
most of the southern States."
He does not pretend that he was in these
other southern States. He does not give the
President the means of his knowledge of the
ramifications of these associations through
I other States. He goes on :
| "The members are bound to obedience and secrecy
i by oaths which they are taught to regard as of higher
| obligation than the lawful oaths taken before civil
I magistrates. They are organized and armed. They
j effeot their objects by personal violence, often
. extending to murder. They terrify witnesses. They
control juries in the State courts, and sometimes in
the courts of the United States. Systematic perjury
is one of the means by which prosecutions of the
| members are defeated."
| Observe these reckless assertions, assertions
| that certainly never oughtto be "officially made
I except after the fact had been conclusively
| proved and established :
I "From information given by officers of the State
and of the United States, and by credible private cit-
, lzens, I am justified in affirming that the instances
i ot criminal violence perpetrated by these com-
| hinations within the last twelve months in the
above-named countics could be reokoned by thou-
j sands.
And yet this officer so eager to justify the
declaration of martial law, whose eagerness
would not allow him to stop to procure proofs,
who made use of no means, who referred to
no offenses by name and date, could not be
brought to assert that at that time anything
existed in that country except a condition of
peace and quiet. He says " within the last
twelve months" these things have been done.
He would have us infer perhaps that they con-
tinued, but he does not, reckless as hn is, dare-
to assert the fctct. He knew, as the President
knew, and as all concerned iu this conspiracy
against the country and its peace and for the
overthrow of its institutions knew, that such
an assertion can be met and overthrown by
overwhelming testimony of its falsity.
Now, what are we told in this message is
the purpose of these combinations?
"The objects of which were, by force and terror,
to prevent all political action not in accord with the
views of the members, to deprive colored citizens
of the right to hear arms and of the right to a fiee
ballot."
Now, we have fixed these gentlemen down
upon one point, and 1 rejoice that we have
done so. They assert that the object was to
deprive the colored people of the free exer-
cise of the right to the ballot. The President
attributes that language to his Attorney Gen-
eral and the other sources of his information.
I meet it with the proof which we took in the
nine counties over which martial law was
declared. I confront it with the fact that
there was no interference with the right of the
free ballot of the colored people ; that, on
the contrary, they exercised it not only to the
largest legal extent to which they were entitled
to exercise it, but to such an extent as to cast
for the Radical candidate in that very district
at the preceding election uine thousand illegal
votes; that instead of beingintimidated and de-
terred from using the ballot, they intimidated
and deterred the white people in that district;
that the vote of the white people fell off over one
thousand ; that the vote of the colored people
was increased nine thousand over the election
of 18C8, when it is not pretended that any
violence was used by either party; that their
vote was largely in excess of any vote which
could regularly and fairly be cast by such a
population. That is the manner in which I
meet this allegation ; that is the manner in
which I overthrow the allegation by which the
President justifies the exercise of this extraor-
dinary power ; that is the maimer in which
I pin to the very earth the assertion made by
the majority of the committee, and transfix
and hold it up to the people of this country as
an evidence of the perversion of fact in which
all these parties have indulged for the purpose
of justifying the President in the exercise of
the most extraordinary and illegal power.
I hold in my hand the proclamation of
Governor Scott, issued on the~30th of October,
1868, to be found 011 page 580 of the report of
the minority of the committee, in which he
declares that no violence was used in the elec-
tion of 1868. Following that, I desire to give
to the Senate the vote as cast in 1870 and
1868 in these '' insurrectionary districts," as
they are called, in these nine counties put
under martial law by the President. The
minority say in their report, at the bottom of
page 580 ;
'•A very earnest effort, was made by the majority
of the sub-committee sent to South Carolina to es-
tab'ish the fact that m the elect ion of 1870 force and
intimidation were resorted to in order to carry the
election in favor of the reform party, and that in
some 01 the counties the negroes were in fact intim-
idated and stayed away from the polls, Now.it
will not be denied that if any such state of things
existed anywhere, it mast of course hjive occuired
in the disturbed portions of the State, tho Ku Klux
region of the counties of Spartanburg, Union,
Chester, Laurens, and York, or perhaps if we take
trie President s proclamation as authority, asome-
whax wider range, by adding the counties of Ches-
uif ' Lancaster, and Newberry. We
snail not enter into adiscussion of the weight or the
respectability of the sworn testimony upon this
point. We will relieve ourselves of this labor by
appealing to the public records of the country, the
omeial returns of the election itself for that year.
\V e make up the following tables of the returns of
election for these nine counties now under the rule
and government of the bayonet and Minie ball,
representing the votes cast at the presidential elec-
tion m 1868 and the State election in 1870, with the
