426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
ator from Illinois whether there was any rec-
ord testimony, so far as the books of the mar-
shal's office go, showing that he had this money
on hand?
Mr. TRUMBULL. None was exhibited to
the committee. The bill provides that he is
to settle his accounts with the Attorney Gen-
eral ; it does not direct this money to be paid,
the Senator will observe. The only evidence
we had before us was the affidavit of the mar-
shal and of two of his deputies. Hestatesthe
fact of his having about this amount; he is
unable to state it exactly; and therefore the
matter is left to' be settled by the Attorney
General, the allowance not to exceed a certain
amount, $7,079, as reduced by the testimony.
The other witnesses stated their knowledge of
the fact that he kept his money there, but a
portion was taken out of the safe afterward
and reclaimed. We thought it safe on these
affidavits to recommend that the Attorney Gen-
eral be authorized to settle the account on
being satisfied of the amount lost, not exceed-
ing the sum named.
I will state that this is a similar bill to the
one that was passed in favor of the marshal in
Maine at the time of the fire in Portland. He
sent certificates of a similar character.
I desire to add, before I sit down, that the
marshal of the northern district of Illinois is
a gentleman well known to me, of high char-
acter and intelligence, and of great integrity.
I have no doubt myself of the entire truthful-
ness of his affidavit.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am in favor
of granting relief where there is sufficient evi-
dence, but it, seems to me that this a very
loosely diawn bill on the evidence. There is
nothing to sustain the marshal except his own
impressions, he himself not being able to state
bow much the loss was. There is not a par-
ticle of evidence, so far as the report shows,
except from the marshal himself. It seems to
me that lie ought to be able to show some
record evidence of the amount, he had on hand.
There is another question involved. In
addition to the burning of the United States
notes, about which if there was sufficient evi-
dence there should be no doubt at. all as to the
liability of the United States to refund the
amount., it seems a portion of the money was in
national bank notes. That presents a differ-
ent question, because it is a gain, so far as
those banks are concerned, to the amount of
the marshal's loss.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to ask the Senator
from Illinois it' there is any evidence from the
Treusuiy Department that there was a portion
of the burned money that could not be recog-
nized. or whether it was in such a state that
they did recognize all that was presented to
the Department and make it good. Was there
a portion that could not be recognized, frag-
ments, that they could not account for, left?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ihavemade no inquiry
at the Treasury Department. There are two
other persons who testify to the charred re-
mains that were taken from the safe besides
Mr. Campbell, the marshal. The Senator
from Vermont, perhaps, did nothear the state-
ment of the report that there were two other
witnesses.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. But the two
other witnesses simply testify that they knew
of his keeping money in the safe, and do not
testify anything at all about the amount.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They do not know the
amount. They testify as to the money in the
safe and its destruction by fire. They were
present and saw the remains also.
Mr. CORBET 1\ I was going to say that it
seemed to me the committee ought to have
some information from the Treasury Depart-
ment stating that there wai a portion of tbese
funds that could not be recognized and that
were charred remains, and that would account
probably for the deficiency. If the amount
turned over to the Treasury Department was
all recognized and accounted for by the Treas-
ury Department, then there would be nothing
coming to the marshal ; but if there was a por-
tion that was left in such a state that it could
not be recognized, of course that would account
for whatever there might be of deficiency. I
simply desired to make this inquiry, because
it seemed to me that it was a point which the
committee ought to examine.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a matter which
the Attorney General has it in his power to
determine when the settlement of the accounts
is made. If Mr. Campbell made a false affi-
davit when he stated that only so much could
be recognized at the Treasury Department, it
will be very easy to detect it; but I can assure
the Senator from Oregon that members of the
committee, not only myself but other members
of the committee, who know Mr. Campbell,
the marshal, would have no conception of
such a thing. Of course he has not made.an
affidavit here stating that he took this matter
to the Treasury Department, and that they
identified some twelve or thirteen hundred dol-
lars and could not identify the rest of it, it there
was in truth no such occurrence. If he has
stated the case incorrectly, that can be easily
discovered.
Mr. CORBETT. I do not think this case is
so important, except perhaps as a precedent,
because there are likely to be a large number
of other claims for money destroyed. I thought
it my duty, therefore, to call the attention of
the Senate and of the committee that might
have these questions under investigation, so
that they might call upon the Treasury Depart-
ment to ascertain when those charred remains
were presented, whether they were all recog-
nized and accounted for. If there were a por-
tion that were not, it is evident then that there
was a portion destroyed, and in such a state
that it could not be recognized. That point,
it seems to me, the committee should inquire
of the Treasury Department in regard to, in
order to make such a report as to satisfy the
Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, it will
undoubtedly astonish the country to learn that
upder the present corrupt system of civil ser-
vice there can be in office as marshal of the
northern district of Illinois a gentleman of so
high a character as is testified to by the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois. Nevertheless I
desire to add my testimony to his. I know Mr.
Campbell well, and believe him to be a thor-
oughly upright and honest man, honest as a
man, honest as an officer, in spite of all the
imperfections of our civil service; and an affi-
davit from him, or a letter from him, or his
verbal statement as to $7,000, would be all the
proof I should want to act upon the question.
The bi! 1 was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ILLINOIS COURT RECORDS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like, if the Sen-
ate would indulge me, to pass another little
bill in regard to the records in that district, to
enable the records of United States courts to
be completed. It is Senate bill No. 353. I
move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 353) to restore the records of the United
States courts in the northern district of Illinois
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Itis unnecessary to read
the text of the bill. The committee reported
an amendment as a substitute.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary,
which was to strike out the preamble and all
of the original' bill after the enacting clause,
and to insert in lieu thereof the following :
That the act of March 3,1871. entitled "An act.
relating to records oi the courts of the United
states, lg hereby amended so as to authorize the
notice required by said act to he given by publica-
tion in some newspaper, to be designated by the
oourt, nine weeks successively iu ail eases in which
any party entitled to notice is a non-resident of the
district.
Sec. 2. That it shall be the duty of the district
attorney for the northern district of Illinois to take
such steps as may be necessary to restore the records
and files of the circuit and district courts of said dis-
trict, which were destroyed by firo on the utii of
October, 1871, and in which the United States is
interested, so far as the judges of said courts, respect-
ively, shall deem it essential to the interests of the
United States that said records andflles be restored;
and the judges of said courts, respectively, are au-
thorized to direct such steps t.o be taken as, in their
opinion, shall be deemed advisable to restore the
judgment dockets and indices of said courts, and
for that purpose may direct the performance, by the
clerks of said courts, and by the United States at-
torney for said district, ofa.ny duty incident thereto,
and said clerks and said district attorney shall be
allowed such compensation and disbursements for
services rendered under this section (in cases where
no compensation is now provided by law for such
services) as miy be allowed by the Attorney Gen-
eral, and certified to be just and reasonable by the
judge of the court in which said services are ren-
dered, and the amount so allowed shall be paid out
of the judiciary fund: Provided, however, That the
sum allowed the clerks of saidcourts shall not exceed
the sum of $12,000, and the entire compensation of
the United States attorney for such services shall not
exceed the sum of $6,000.
Mr. CARPENTER. I have no objection
to any provision of that bill except the first
section, which is not limited in its operation
to the city of Chicago or the northern district
of Illinois. It is a general provision, and a
great innovation upon the practice of the Fed-
eral courts. The Federal courts can acquire
no jurisdiction over persons except by the
service of process personally ; and to allow a
record which is said to have been destroyed to
be restored by parol, as it must be and may
be, under the provisions of the bill, upon mere
publication, is, I think, a very dangerous law,
and it ought not to be passed. For the pur-
pose of taking the sense of the Senate on that
point, I move to amend by striking out the
first, section.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state to the Sen-
ate that we passed a year ago a bill author-
izing the restoration of records in the United
States courts where they had been destroyed.
The bill had its origin chiefly in the necessity
for restoring records in the southern States.
Now, here is a case where the records of the
courts are entirely destroyed, and in case the
parties to those records are non-residents
there is no way of restoring thenij unless we
are to give notice by publication to the non-
residents. The bill which we passed a year
ago provided for giving personal notice in
order to restore the records. This first sec-
tion changes that law so far as to authorize
notice to be given by nine weeks' publication
in a paper, to be designated by the court,
where the party is a non-resident-. This is
the practice in all our State courts in institut-
ing original suits. I do not think there is a
State in the Union where we do not institute
original suits and give notice by publication
to non-residents. We do the same thing in
the United Stales courts. In admiralty pro-
ceedings we give notice by publication. I am
informedby the district attorney of the north-
ern district _ of Illinois, from whom I have
letters on this subject, arid I have also letters
from the judges of the courts, that there are
several hundred thousand dollars involved iu
suits by the United States in cases that were
pending in the courts at Chicago at the time
of the fire. He instances one case of a
$50,000 bond upon which a suit was instituted,
where the securities are good, all the records
of which, including the bond, I suppose, are
lost. He gives a statement showing the
importance to the United States of the res-
toration of the records in which the Govern-
ment is concerned.
1 Lis first section is inserted so as to allow,
not only in cases in which the United States is
concerned, but where private persons are par-
ties, the record to be restored on notice by
publication.^ Suppose the record has been
destroyed where private citizens are parties to
the suit; now there is no way of restoring it
if one of the parties to that record is a non-
