mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ma)*- 29>
A bill (H. R. No. 1343) supplemental to an
act entitled "An act for tbe apportionment of
Representatives to Congress amongthe several
States according to the ninth census
A bill (H. R. No. 1390) for the relief of
the sureties of the late Jesse J. Simplrins,
(JSCS&SGCI"
A bill (H. R. No. 1422) to take away the
circuit court jurisdiction of the district court
of the United States for the northern district
of Georgia, to create a circuit court in said
district, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 1552) in relation to the
construction of a new jail for the District of
Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 1914) to authorize the
President of the United States to negotiate
with the chiefs and head-men of the Shoshone
and Bannock tribes of Indians for the relin-
quishment of a portion of their reservation in
Wyoming Territory ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2044) to authorize the
appointment of shipping commissioners by
the several circuit courts of the United States,
to superintend the shipping and discharge of
seamen engaged in merchant ships belonging
to the United States, and for the further pro-
tection of seamen;
A bill (H. R. No. 2502) granting the right
of way to the Dakota Grand Trunk Railway
Company;
A bill (H. R. No. 2699) to amend an act
entitled " An act to establish and protect
national cemeteries," approved February 22,
1872, and
A bill (H. R. No. 2866) further regulating
the construction of bridges across the Missis-
sippi river.
VISITORS TO WEST POINT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair ap-
points as senatorial visitors, under the law,
for the examination of the Military Academy
at West Point, the Senator from Massachu-
setts, Mr. Wilson, and the Senator from Mis-
souri, Mr. Blair.
Civil, APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COLE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 2705) making appropri-
ations for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873,
and for other purposes, to report it back with
amendments ; and I give notice that I shall
ask the Senate to consider it as soon as we get
through with the pending business.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask leave to present
an amendment, which I have the permission
of the Committee on Appropriations to file
with the bill just reported, and move that it be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The hour for the
recess having arrived, the Senate will now take
a recess until half past seven o'clock this
evening.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
UTAH, IDAHO, AND MONTANA RAILROAD.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the bill (H. R. No. 2988) granting the
right of way to the Utah, Idaho, and Mon-
tana Railroad Company.
Mr. POMEROY. That bill has been con-
sidered in committee.' 1 ask that it be put on
its passage. It is merely granting the right
of way with the ordinary corporate powers to
the company.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee ol the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
quartermaster's departmknt.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 757) to authorize
the appointment of certain officers in the
quartermaster's department.
Mr. SHERMAN. I stated distinctly that I
should object to any bill being considered.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is
only clearing his table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the House
amendment to that bill be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of
Representatives, were severally read twice by
their titles, and referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 2050) for the relief of
J. S. Underhill—to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The bill (II. R. No. 2719) for cancellation
of bonds for manufactured tobacco lost on
steamer George P. Upton between the cities
of Richmond and New York—to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 2798) to release the
Government of Japan from the payment of
the balance of the indemnity fund remaining
unpaid, amounting to $375,000, under the
convention of October 22, 1864—to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The bill (H. R. No. 2867) to regulate the
exercise of eminent domain in securing a site
for public buildings in the city of Cincinnati—
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 2941) for tbe relief of
Frederick Pech—to the Committee on Claims.
The bill (H. R. No. 2942) for the construc-
tion of a custom-house, bonded warehouse,
and post office at Port Huron. Michigan—
to the Committee on Public Buildiugs and
Grounds.
The bill (H. R. No. 2943) to provide for
the erection of a public building at Nashville,
Tennessee — to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
The bill (H. R. No. 2945) for the relief of
the late firm of Dempsey and O'Toole—to the
Committee on Appropriations.
bed of beavell lake.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now let us go on with
the regular order.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to submit a confer-
ence report.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will yield for that.
Mr. PRATT submitted the following report:
To the Senate and Home of Representatives of the
United States of America :
The committees of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on Senate bill No. 616, en-
titled "An act to release to the State of Indiana the
lands known as the bod of Beaver Lake, in Newton
county, in said State," as amended by the House of
Kepresentatives, respectful!* report;
That they have had the same under consideration,
and have been unable to agree thereon, and ask to
be discharged from tho further consideration there-
of, and that other committees of conference on the
same may be appointed by the Senate and House of
Kepresentatives, respectively. May 29,1872.
D. 1). PRATT,
JOHN A. LOUAN,
Manas/er? on the part oj the Senate.
W. TOWNSEND.
MARK H. BUNNELL,
JAMES B,. MeCORMICK,
Managers on the part of the House.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Resolved, That the Senate further disagree to the
amendments of the House of Representatives to the
said bill, and ask a further conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Morton, Mr. Pomeroy, and Mr. Casserly.
MifiW YORK INDIAN LANDS.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 872) to provide
for the sale of certain New York Iudian lands
in Kansas, disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives.
On motion by Mr. HARLAN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the. said bill disagreed to by the House of
Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr.
Harlan, Mr. Caldwell, and Mr. I'enton.
tax and tariff bill.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (EL R.
No. 2322) to reduce duties on imports, and to
reduce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
the question pending being on the amendment
of the Committee on Finance, to insert as a
new section the provision known as section
twenty-four, in regard to moieties.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to add as an additional section
the following:
Sec. 25. That section sixty-three of the act ap-
proved July 13, I860, entitled "An act to reduce
internal taxation, and to amend an act entitled
' An act to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt, and
for other purposes,' approved Jane 30,1864, and acts
amendatory thereof," be amended by striking out
the words "three hundred" wherever they occur
therein, and inserting in lieu thereof the words
" five hundred and by striking out the words
' under any of the provisions of this act, or of any
act to which this is an amendment," and inserting in
lieu thereof the words "under the provisions of any
internal revenue act."
The amendment Was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add as an
additional section the following:
Sec.26. Thatsection one hundred and sixty-one of
theact entitled "An act to provide internal revenue
to support the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved June
30. 1864, be amended by striking out the words " this
act," occurring after the words "stamps issued under
the provisions of," and inserting in lieu thereof the
words " any internal revenue act."
Mr. CASSERLY. It is quite obvious that
not one Senator in ten has the slightest idea
of the operation of these last sections.
Mr. SHERMAN. Neither of them is very
important.
Mr. CASSERLY. That will render an ex-
planation much easier.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I explain every amend-
ment it will take much time.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope the Senator will
give us, seriously, an explanation of these
matters. We look to him for information
on this subject on which he is so ready to
respond.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator can see on
the face of it the extent of it. It is to extend
certain provisions of the stamp act so as to
cover the provisions of subsequent acts. That
is all.
Mr. CASSERLY. If I had seen it on tbe
face of it, I should not have troubled the
Senator for an explanation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator if he
cannot now see it?
Mr. CASSERLY. I cannot, and I do "not
think any other Senator, unless he be a mem-
ber of the Committee on Finance, can see on
the faqe pf these sections what they mean.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have stated what this
means. It is not very important. It is to
extend certain provisions of the original act, in
regard to stamps, to all stamps issued under
subsequent acts.
Mr. CASSERLY. I trust tbe Senator from
Ohio, the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, is not disposed to be impatient when
a fair question is asked for information.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at.all.
Mr. CASSERLY. Because it is really im-
possible for us to get along with this bill unless
he furnishes us a reasonable amount of in-
formation in regard to sections such as these
