1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2219
charged against him of over one million dol-
lars ! I have not time to comment on the eon-
duct of the President in this matter, nor is
comment necessary.
It is true that in the midst of the canvass
last summer Secretary Boutwell put out a cir-
cular claiming that the actual loss by defalca-
tions of collectors up to June 30, 1871, was
only $2,750,126. 1 regret to say, sir, that this
document is wholly unworthy of credit, and
that Secretary Boutwell's attempt to dwarf
the amount of defalcations will deceive no
one. But take his statement as it is, and more
than two million times it answers the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler. J
The charge I have made against Secretary
Boutwell is grave, but not more grave than
true. I repeat that ilie official reports pub-
lished by him are not only unreliable, but un-
true, and seem to be put forth for the express
purpose of deceiving Congress and the coun-
try. I hold iu my hand his statement of the
amount of the public debt on the 1st day of
March, J872, three years after General Grant
became President. The report says that
during that time the debt has been reduced
$290,000,000. Is this statement true? Let
Secretary Boutwell's report for 1869 answer.
In that report Register Allison, book-keeper
of the Tieasury, slates the debt on the 30th
of June, 1869, at $2,489,002,480. Secretary
Boutwell states the debt March 1, 1872, at
$2,1517,249,737 ; reduction in two years and
'eight, months, $171,752,737. This monthly
report shows that during the four months, from
March 1 to July 1, 18(59, the debt was only
reduced $30,4(50,777. Debt reduced in three
years, $218,213,514.
These, sir. are the figures given by the Treas-
ury Department, and show that instead of the
debt being reduced $300,000,000, it has been
only reduced a little over two hundred thou-
sand dollars during President Grant's admin-
istration, while the taxes paid by the people
during those three years amounted to nearly
twelve hundred millions 1 What has gone with
the one thousand millions paid into the Treas-
ury over and above the amount of the reduc-
tion of the debt? Nor is this all. These
reports show that while three thousand mil-
lions of taxes have been paid into the Treasury
since the war, during that time the debt has
been reduced less than three hundred and
siXTy-five millions 1 I ask the gentleman [Mr.
Dickey] who has charge of this bill, the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[.Mr. Dawes,] and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] who challenged the
House to nariie a person whohad appropriated
to his own use one dollar of the public money ;
I call upon them to tell the House what has
become of the $2,700,000,000 paid into the
Treasury since the conclusion of the war over
and above the amount of the reduction of the
debt?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] seems to complain that I
did not, permit Inm to have printed without
reading to the House a portion of his remarks
which he says consisted of figures in continua-
tion of his attack upon the Secretary of War.
I think a moment's reflection upon the part of
the gentleman fiom Kentucky would lead him
to the conclusion that when a gentleman rises
for the purpose of arraigning anybody he can-
not with propriety ask to have any portion of
his remarks printed without submitting them
to the House.
The gentleman knows the reason, and it is
not wortli my while to occupy the time allotted
to me in explaining it to him. Good breed-
ing, if nothing else, would require the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, if he had anything
to say as a member of Congress against the
bend of a Department, to say it openly in the
House. The whole ground of the gentleman's
accusation 
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman allow me
to state that 1 had said all I intended to say,
and I merely asked leave to have printed a
bill, which I thought it desirable to have
printed for the information of the House.
Mr. DAWKS. The ground of the gentle-
man's accusation against the Secretary is,
not that he knows of anything wrong, but that
he has called upon the Secretary to submit in-
formation to the House, which the Secretary
said he could not furnish with the force he had
at his command. I will send to the desk to
be read the gentleman's resolution, and, in
the light of what I have said in reference to the
mode of transacting business, I ask the House
to listen to the reading of the resolution, and
then say what fair ground there is for charging
upon the Secretary any design to conceal a
dollar of the public expenditure.
The Clerk read as follows:
livsolccd, That the Secretary of "War bo directed
to inform this House, as soon fis practicable, what
property belonging to the United States hiis been
sold by any officer or agent of the War Department,
or any bureau thereof, since ttio 30t.li day of June,
18G5. giving the nameof the officer making the sale,
the eharacterof property sold, the time, place, and
manner of making the sales, and tho amount real-
ized from said sales, and the disposition mado of tho
proceeds, if paid over to the Treasurer or into the
Treasury; when and by whom it was drawn out,
when iL has been so drawn, and what was rlonowitli
tho proceeds. He is directed to state how much
money has been spent by his Department, and the
ofliceis a.nd bureaus thereof, since the 30th day of
June, 18G5, in addition to amounts appropriated by
Congress for the service of the several fiscal years
commencing J uly 1,18(55.
lieaolotd jm-tker. That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be directed to inform the House what amount
of money has been paid into the Treasury or to
the Treasurer of the United States from tho sales
of property by the officers of the War Department
since the oOtli day of June, 18(55. He will inlbrm tho
House how much of the money so paid into the
Treasury, or to the Treasurer, has been withdrawn,
stating when, and by whom, and in what amounts
such portions as has been withdrawn were paid on
the draft or order of any officer of tho War Depart-
ment.
enrolled bills signkd.
The committee informally rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same :
A bill (H. R. No. 892) granting a pension
to Margaret Lee ; and
A bill (H. R.. No. 2124) granting the right
of way through the public lands for the con-
struction of a railroad from Great Salt Lake
to Portland, Oregon.
army appropriation bill.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union then resumed its session.
Mr. DAWES. That resolution of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky called for a copy of
every paper in the War Department pertain-
ing to these expenditures. . I have the answer
of the Secretary here, but I have not lime to
read it, and I will not ask the gentleman to
permit it to be printed.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. MottGAx]
rose and repeated for the twentieth time a
speech I have heard on this floor and seen in
the newspapers in every campaign which the
gentleman has reveled in for the last year or
two—a speech which has been answered twenty
' limes here.
| Mr, MORGAN. I challenge the gentleman
l to answer it now.
Mr. DA WES. I am talking now, and do not
yield to the gentleman.
Mr. MORGAN. I know you are, and I
challenge you to explain 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio is out of order; the gentleman from
Massachusetts is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAWES. Why, Mr. Chairman, if the
gentleman were answered again completely he
would never know it.
Mr. MORGAN. You never have answered
me, and you are not capable of doing it. If
you are, 1 challenge you to do it now.
Mr. DAWES. The work the gentleman
proposes to me is too onerous; for I never
shall know when I am done.
The gentleman brings up here a communi-
cation Irom the Secretary of the Treasury
about collectors of internal revenue. Why,
he has been told a hundred times on this floor
that the sums set against the names of col-
lectors are the taxes uncollected by their
predecessors charged over to them, with their
own uncollected taxes.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman allow
me a question?
Mr. DAWKS. No, not now.
Mr. MORGAN. He dare not. You are
afraid. You make charges, and you are afraid
to have an answer.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Ohio is out of order.
Mr. MORGAN. I bow with great submis-
sion to the decision of the Chair.
Mr. DAWES. I am much obliged to the
Chairman for interfering. I really could not
stop the gentleman myself. [Laughter.]
Mr. Chairman, I think the Administration
have been subjected to as thorough a system
of investigation within the last two months as
any Administration ever .was in this country,
and, as has been said by my colleague, [Mr.
Butler,] they are ready to submit to the judg-
ment of the country. The Administration is
quite ready to go before the country. Is there
not intelligence enough in the country to un-
derstand these matters? Is not my friend
from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,] who has been try-
ing for three years to make the people believe
his story, somewhat discouraged by this time?
Mr. MORGAN. Not iirthe slightest.
Mr. DAWES. What was the trouble over
in Connecticut last week? My friend spent a
week there repeating that speech. Monday's
paper had a glowing account of a meeting on
Saturday night; Tuesday's paper had a glow-
ing account of a meeting on Monday night;
and Wednesday's paper of a meeting on Tues-
day night; and so on all through the week.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following paragraph was read:
For purchase of horses for the cavalry and artil-
lery, and for (.Vidian scouts, and fur such infantry as
may be mounted, $450,000.
Mr. McCRARY. I move to strike out that
clause, and I do it for the purpose of refer-
ring to a matter which has already been al-
luded to by other gentlemen. The Secretary
of War has been complained of by the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] because he
did not answer a certain resolution which was
adopted by the House. It is but just that the
reasons of the Secretary as given by himself
should be known to the House. I ask, there-
fore, that the Clerk read as a portion of my
remarks the reply of the Secretary of War to
that resolution.
The Clerk read as follows :
war depaktment,
Washington City, March 4, 1872,
Sir: In answer to the following resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 28th of i/'ebruary,
" That tlic Hecrotary of War be directed to inform
this House, as boon as practicable, what property
belonging to the United States has been sold by any
olficer or agent of the War Department, or any
bureau thereof, since the oOtfi day of June. 1805,
giving the name ot the officer making the sale, the
character ot the property sold, the tunc, place, autl
manner of making the sales, and the amount real-
ized from said sales, and the disposition made oi the
proceeds if paid over to the Treasurer or into the
Treasury, where and by whom it was drawn out,
when it was so drawn, and what was done with the
proceeds. Do is directed to state how much money
has been spent by ills Department and the buicaus
thereof since the 30th day oi June, M>6. m ..ddition
to the amounts appropriated by Oongre.-sfor the ser-
vice of the several fiscal years commencing Julyl,
18t>3/' I have the honor to statethattheDepaitinent
is unable to tulfill the requirements of this resolution,
forthe reat-onthat it will take, approximately, over
thirty-two thousand dollais, and from one to nine
months' lime.
In the Ordnance office it will require tno services
of six clerks for a period of three mouths.
