4012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
are paid by fees to some extent, bat they are
paid salaries.
Mr. SHERMAN. Assessors and collectors
have a minimum salary that they are paid out
of. their collections. Very few of them come
to the minimum. They are paid by a certain
percentage on a certain collection, both assess-
ors and collectors. The minimum salary is
scarcely enough to pay the expenses of the
office, and they have to depend mainly upon
the commission for their salary.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to ask the honor-
able Senator from Ohio whether the reform in
the tax upon tobacco does not take place,
under the present vote of the Senate, on the
1st of July, 1872?
■ Mr. SHERMAN. It does.
Mr. BAYARD. And does not also the
change in the tax on distilled spirits go into
effect on the 1st of July, 1872?
Mr. SHERMAN. It does; butthe Senator
is sufficiently informed to know that these taxes
are not really collectible for sixty days. The
tobacco tax, for instance, may not be collected
for six months or a year.
Mr. BAYARD. That is to be paid upon to-
bacco in seven warehousesiu the United States;
that is all. All the other taxes must be paid
much sooner. The postponement as to the
bonded warehouse system on tbe application
of the Senator from New York [Mr. Conkung]
for twelve months is the only delay iu the
operation of the law.
Now, I think there is a great deal of point
in what was said by the Senator from Illinois,
that the extension of the term of employment
of the numerous officers is entirely useless for
purposes of public benefit. There is no doubt
about that. What other uses they may have, I
am not at present disposed to discuss ; but so
far as the public benefit is concerned, so far
as the return of an equivalent for their salary
is concerned, I cannot conceive why the offi-
cers who were employed under the very com-
plicated system of collecting the revenue upon
tobacco and upon distilled spirits, and whose
number must necessarily be largely reduced by
the list which the House has given its assent
to, and the Senate so far has approved, should
not be reduced on the 1st day of October
instead of the 1st of January. I have heard
no reason for it.
It is very true that after you have changed
the law you may require the continuance of
accounting officers, mere clerical force in your
Department, for the purpose of winding up
the accounts of your taxes. That is perfectly
reasonable and perfectly just, but that is not
the class of officers to whom this section looks.
It looks to those officers who are to be em-
ployed for purposes of ocular inspection. The
amendment here refers to internal revenue
assistant assessors, inspectors, gaugers, store-
keepers, clerks, and employes, and so on.
One reason why the unilorm tax upon to-
bacco recommended itself to my mind was
the simplicity of its collection, the inexpen-
siveness of its collection, the absence of that
inquisitorial visitation which Ae present law
calls for, and which I consider most injurious
to our people, in every respect; it was tbe fact
that the revenue could be collected cheaply by
a very inferior number of officers, and the
fact that it permitted no evasion of the law,
it being the mere levy of so much per pound
upon tobacco, a mere matter of weight, with-
out gradation, without oaths. That was part
of the reformation which I considered valu-
able to our legislation; and the Senate and
the House have now agreed that that change
shall take place upon the 1st of July. If that
be so, there can be no reasonable ground for
retaining in office officials to make personal
examinations of this merchandise six months
after the law which required their presence
shall have ceased to exist.
I think there is force and good sense in
what the Senator from Illinois says, that con-
tinuing them for the three mouths from Octo-
ber to January is really a mere surplusage in
point of time and an unnecessary expense to
the Government. 'So far as the public service
is concerned, these gentlemen are not wanted,
and they can thoroughly and fully wind up all
their official connection with the Government
of the United States by the 1st day of Octo-
ber as efficiently as they could by the Ifct day
of January. There are accounting officers
that it may be found necessary iu the Depart-
ment to keep in order to state and settle their
accounts; and in regard to them I make no
objection ; but the class of officers pointed
out by this amendment are not necessary after
the 1st day of October.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois will be adopted.
I have listened to the discussion thus far, and
I have heard no reason assigned why it should
not be.
The President is directed in the section
now before us to reduee the internal revenue
districts in the United States to a number not
exceeding sixty before the 1st day of January
next. Now, what is the present number of in-
ternal revenue districts in this country? It is
two hundred and twenty-five and upward. The
President has had power, as I understand the
Senator from Illinois to state, for more than a
year, to consolidate these districts and thus to
reduce their number. Why is it, I ask, that
there are still over two hundred and twenty-
five of these districts which this section says
in terms may, without injuiy to tbe public
service, be reduced to sixty before the first
day of the next year? That is the only im-
perative command in the section. As to all
the rest of it, which permits him in his discre-
tion to reduce the number of internal revenue
assistant assessors, inspectors, gaugers, store-
keepers, clerks, employes, and the like, we
may judge by the manner in which he has
used his power of reduction and of economy
in the past how he is likely to use it in the
future. The power has not been exerted by
him in the public interest. If it had been,
it would not be true that at the hour I am
speaking there are over two hundred and
twenty-five internal revenue districts in this
country, although here is a bill emanating
from his own friends which virtually says iu
terms that the internal revenue districts of
this country may be reduced to sixty before
the 1st day of January.
Sir, the allegation of any public necessity
is too transparent; to use a common phrase,
" it is too thin." My friend at my right [Mr.
Bayard] says "it won't wash." No, sir, it
is composed of such colors as will run upon
experiment. I will not say "colors, " for it
has not even a colorable excuse. But I sup-
pose that the Senator from Illinois and my
friend from Delaware ought to be thankful
that the election is as near as it is. If it were
not to come off for a year, I have no doubt
this section would not take effect until three
months after the end of that year. Whenever
the election is to happen, 1 have no doubt under
the inspiration of this section the proposed
reduction (which is only really as to one fea-
ture, that is, tbe number of districts, and left
at large as to all other points) would also be
postponed for a period of three, four, or five
months until after that time of trial should
have been passed. There is no public interest
that is or can he subserved by postponing this
needed economy, this imperative reduction,
until two months after the election.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois to the amendment of the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas aud nays were ordered.
Mr. MORTON. The reasons given why
this change should not be made until the 1st
of January next I think are entirely satisfac-
tory ; they are unanswerable; and I do not see
much real excuse for introducing politics into
the question as if there was a design to put this
off until after the election.
But, sir, I want to say one word as to the
propriety of this section reducing the number
of these districts to sixty on the 1st of Janu-
ary next. I think reducing the number to
sixty even on the 1st of Jauuary next will
prove to be a mistake. I think it is a violent
spasm of economy that will result in no econ-
omy at all. Under the operation of that
proposition the State of Indiana would have
'one assessor and one collector. There will
be taxes upon spirits, beer, and tobacco to be
collected in every county in Indiana. One
collector and one assessor cannot oversee that
distance. There 'will be much more lost to
the revenue than the salaries of the existing
officers will cost. There is no economy in*
reducing the number of officers so low that
they cannot attend to the business. It may
sound well; it may even be sufficient to still
public clamor, but in my judgment it is bad
policy, and I think if it was referred to the
Department they would say so.
I know there is great clamor to reduce the
number of public officers ; and I am in favor
of doing it always where the public interest
can be conserved at the same time. But, for
instance, when you have but one collector and
one assessor in the State of Indiana with over
ninety counties, and with taxes to be collected
iu every county, it requires no argument to
prove that those men cannot supervise that
distance, and that we shall lose three or four
times as much in the revenue as we save iu
the salaries.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to strike out the
word " January," but I believe there is an
amendment in advancc.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Tbe Sen-
ator has not spoken his full five minutes.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to say any
more at present. I will let the vote be taken
on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois
to the amendment of the committee.
The question bring taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 34; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Fenton, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Johnston, Kelly, Ransom, Sauls-
bury, Stevenson, Stockton, Tipton, Trumbull, and
Vickers—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bore-
man, Buckingham, Caldwell, Clayton, Cole, Conk-
ling, Corbett, Cragin, Ferry of Connecticut, i'Yrry
of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert. Har-
lan, Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,
Ramsey, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stew-
art, and Wright—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Carpen-
ter, Chandler, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia, Edmunds, Hamlin, Hill, Hitchcock, Mor-
rill of Maine, Norwood, Nye, Osborn, Rice, Schurz,
Spencer, Sprague, Sumner, Thurman, West, Wilson,
and Windom—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move now to amend
the amendment of the committee by substi-
tuting for "the 1st day of January, 1873,"
" the 1st day of November, 1872;" and on that
I wish to say a few words.
The^ Senator from Indiana, with a candor
for which we on this side should be obliged
to him, distinctly avows that this section is
an impracticable one; at least that it will be
detrimental to the public service. He cor-
roborates _ from his point of view precisely
what I said, that it is not a section framed
in the public interest. He is satisfied that
it cannot be carried out without excessive
injury to the Government. If that be true,
what is the object of it? Is it merely a tub
to amuse the whale until after the election ?
Has the 1st day of January been fixed as
being the time before which Congress will
meet and have plenty of leisure to pass a bill
amending this^ act and postponing the opera-
tion of jf? Why, sir, the thing is too palpa-
ble. A whale, though a great fish, is not a
very bright one; but even a whale will not be
so cheated by a tab so very gross and clumsy
