1372.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3117
country in all probability. The next is the
item of fish, I suppose dried fish ; the amount
is $648 520, and that article can be obtained
from the United States better than from any
other country, from the State of my friend
from Oregon.
Next is the item of nails, costing $1,352,-
650, which can be supplied from Pennsylva-
nia and Ohio and New England and New
York better than from any other part of the
world in all probability. Next is the item
of boots and shoes, amounting to $7,759,240.
Where are these made, pray? In New Eng-
land, Massachusetts can compete with all the
world in those products, and with the faeili
ties of trade which will be afforded by this
speedy and regular communication, getting
intelligence to those manufactories, the larger
part by far in my opinion of those articles will
be supplied from American manufactories.
Next is the item of bottled fruits, amount-
ing to nearly half a million; and dried fruits
nearly half a million more ; and where, pray,
.can they be supplied so well as from the
United States?
Next is the item of furniture, amounting to
over a million dollars, and where can that
be supplied so well as from the United States
if we only have the facilities of supplying the
market that are afforded by England ?
Next is the item of grain, amounting to little
less than three million dollars, and where
can that be supplied better than from the
United States if we only avail ourselves of the
advantages we have?
Next is the item ofhops, amounting to nearly
two million dollars, and where, I ask, can
hops be supplied so well from as from our
own country? Next is the item of malt,
amounting to nearly two million dollars.
Then agricultural implements and machinery
and wagons, amounting to $1,645,320, 'and I
dare say that a large share of these would be
supplied by the State of Michigan ; and since
these little fugitive steamers have been run-
ning on the line a large share of those things
have been supplied from the State of Michigan.
My friend from Nevada stated that he saw a
train load of twenty cars loaded with these
implements, wagons, &c., going across the
continent on their way to Australia.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator will
be allowed to proceed.
Mr. COLE. I will be very brief if the
Senate will indulge me a few minutes longer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection, and the Senator will pro-
ceed.
Mr. COLE. I will state a fact here that is
worth knowing. I am informed that every
wheeled vehicle in Melbourne or Sydney, I
think in Melbourne, every omnibus, every
hack, every carriage, is of American manu-
facture. These have been supplied very lately
in great part. I do not know whether it comes
from the fact that they have not the material
for building vehicles of that kind there or
what the cause is; but I suppose it comes
from the fact that we can manufacture them
cheaper than anybody else. That is one cause.
Another is that we manufacture a better style
of vehicles. Some of our vehicles even go to
England, to France, and to Germany because
of the superior style in which they are pre-
sented to the market.
Now, in reference to quartz machinery, of
which there was nearly a million dollars' worth
imported into that country, that can be sup-
plied from this country, from New England,
or from California, where this machiuery is
made better, I guarantee, than in any other
part of the world, and will be supplied if the
facilities are only offered. Then, again, comes
the article of lumber, amounting to a trifle less
than three million dollars ; and whence will
that be supplied? From your northern coast;
not from California, but from Puget sound
and Washington Territory and Oregon. Then,
again, the articles of turpentine and wooden
ware, the latter of which articles, of course,
will be supplied from Connecticut more than
from any other State, if only the facilities are
offered for communication with that country,
and they can only be notified in due time of
the wants of the people of Australia.
Next comes the article of hams, and where
will they be supplied but from the State that
is represented so well by my friend from Ohio?
It will be a benefit to Ohio, therefore, to open
up this communication. Then, provisions,
amounting to nearly six millions, are imported
into that country which could be supplied from
our own country in great part, if not wholly, if
communication were opened, so that ourpeople
could be informed earliest and supply that mar-
ket. The article of kerosene is also imported
there. That comes from the State of my friend
from Pennsylvania. Then, quicksilver, which
could be supplied from the Pacific coast mines;
and saddlery amounting to nearly a million and
a half, and whence would these articles be sup-
plied? From New England, from Connecticut,
Massachusetts, and New York. So I might
enumerate other articles.
When the Senator from Ohio tells us that
our trade with that country amounts to only
five or six millions, I show to him that it might
amount to forty or fifty millions if you would
only avail yourselves of the advantages which
other nations avail themselves of for the pur-
pose of speedy and regular communication.
Why, Mr. President, the facts are that the com-
merce of these colonies there amounts to some-
thing over three hundred and twelve million
dollars a year. Senators tell us we have but
four or five millions of it, when in fact we are
in a position to control a large share of it.
This is the commercial view in which this
matter may be considered. But there are
other reasons why communication by way of
our own country should be kept up. In case
this line is opened it will bring the travel
between Europe and these colonies across our
own country. Hundreds of thousands of dol-
lars have been expended in our country already
in that way within the last year or so, as a
result of the little fugitive steamers that have
been making desultory trips up and down
between San Francisco and the South Pacific
islands.
Besides this, there is another point of view
that I spoke of but a few days ago, that by
this small expenditure of half a million or less
a year you obtain an investment of ten times
that amount in vessels which are running
regularly and are ready for your use in time
of war, and it amounts to nothing less than an
investment for your benefit of ten times the
amountthatyou putinto the enterprise, and the
enterprise all the while is a paying one and
adding to the wealth of your nation rather than
taking from the Treasury to support useless,
almost, I might say, vessels of war.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I never
voted for a subsidy or for a land grant. Upon
that subject I feel instructed by my constitu-
ents. But I desire to say that ot the three
subsidies which have been before the Senate,
if 1 were to vote for any, I should prefer the
Australian line. Subsidies cannot be justified
in any case unless it is to buildup acommerce
where none exists. In the case of the com-
merce with Brazil, it already amounts to
$30,000,000, and six hundred ships go each
way every year, we are told, and it has been
proposed to subsidize a single line out of six
hundred vessels. I think it cannot be justi-
fied upon principle. In the case of the China
and Japan subsidy, the Pacific mail, I consider
it already well established. So far as the Aus-
tralian hue is concerned, a glance at the map
of the world will show that the commerce of
Australia must be ours from natural causes.
In all probability Australia will be independ-
ent in five years. Her present condition can-
not last long, nor can that of Canada ; and if
a subsidy was to be justified in any cs.se, it
would be to build up a commerce entirely in
its infancy or where none exists at all. In
the case of Brazil the proposition is not to
build up a commerce, but to grant a subsidy
for the purpose of building up a carrying trade
merely. A subsidy can never be justified for
the mere purpose of building up a carrying
trade. If justified at all, it must be for the
purpose of building up a commerce where
none exists.
Mr. SHERMAN. The friends of this sub-
sidy seem tohave disregarded the five-minutes
rule, and I trust therefore they will allow me
a little indulgence in replying to some of
their observations. When I first spoke on
this matter I was interrupted once or twice on
other points, and I did not prolong my re-
marks because of my desire to conform strictly
to the rule prescribed by the Senate. Sen-
ators who have this matter in charge seem to
think it is not necessary to conform themselves
to the rule, and I therefore ask indulgence.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to say that after
the Senator from Ohio has spoken, I shall
insist on the five-minutes rule. I have not
violated it myself.
Mr. POMEROY. I have not; but we spent
a whole day on this question once before, or I
would not insist on the rule now.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the rule will
not be insisted on in this case. This is a new
matter not before the Senate when the rule
was adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope this time will not
be taken from me, because I am making my
apology for speaking the second time on this
matter after the rule has been waived by those
in favor of this subsidy.
The PRESIDING OFFTCER. The Chair
understands that the Senator's time is un-
limited.
Mr. SHERMAN. I shall not ask that. I
shall be very brief in my reply. The Senator
from California proposes a mode by which we
shall divert all the travel between England
and Australia through this country. The table
he read from is of the commerce of Great
Britain with her Australian colonies. Now,
it is only about the same distance Irom Great
Britain via the Suez canal to Australia that it
is from San Francisco to Australia.. Besides,
Australia is a commercial dependency of
Great Britain, part of the British empire, and,
as a matter of course, the British will always
have the advantage. The importations of
these articles which he read are articles
exported from Great Britain to Australia.
Mr. COLE. It does not state so.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is so on the face of
the paper. We know our commerce with Aus-
tralia is only $4,000,000 a year, three fifths of
which is with the Atlantic coast. Our com-
merce between the Pacific coast and Australia
is only $1,500,000. The absurdity of the idea
of wool or gold being brought from Australia
to California has been sufficiently shown by
my friend from Connecticut. I know myself
that merchants engaged in the wool trade be-
tween Australia and this country came to us
and said they could not carry on their trade
unless they had the right to bring wool through
England, and they said that every pound of
wool raised in Australia was mortgaged to
England, and every bit of this wool that is
now referred to as brought into this country as
partof our commerce with Australia is brought
via England, notwithstanding tins steamship
line is run. I do not believe that one pound
of wool has ever been brought by this steam-
ship line from Australia to San Francisco; and
not one single dollar in gold. That gold goes
by the British steamers directly to London.
Our gold goes from San Francisco to London.
My honorable friend from California tells us
that we can export nails from Pennsylvania,
