18*72. j
APPENDIX TO THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
3?1?
42d Gong....2d Sess.
Extension of the, Ku Klwc Act—Mr. Blair.
Senate;
of 4 he State of South Carolina, as far as regards the
protection of life, liberty, and property therein; if
there are discontents or outbreaks among the peo-
ple, give the causes of them as well as you can, with-
out being specifically questioned. Give the present
condition of the State and the causes that have led
to that condition.
" Antxoer. I think there is a great deal of discon-
tent in the State. There has been more perhaps
than at the present time. There have unquestion-
ably'been many cases of violence. I have no doubt
of the existence, in eight or ten counties, of some
secret organization, whose name even I do not
know; of course I never belonged to it and know
nothing of its workings, except what every one
knows who lives in the country.
44 Question. X would suggest to you just here that
our rule has been for a witness to speak of what he
knows from such information as he relied upon,
though he may not have personal knowledge him-
self of the facts. Therefore you will have the priv-
ilege of so speaking. *
"Answer. Such information as morally convinces
meof the truth?
" Question. Yes, sir; we havo been taking testi-
mony to that extent.
"Answer. Well, I believe such an organization
has existed in several counties of the State, perhaps
eight or ten ; X do not think it has been more widely
disseminated than that, though I am no't certain of
it. X think the causes of the existence of that or-
ganization in South Carolina are purely local; they
grew out of the condition .of things that has existed
there since the reorganization of the State—the
local government of the State in all its departments
and ramifications. At the commencement, when
the State was reorganized, in 1868, the people of the
State took very little part in the elections. The
elections were carried by the colored pooplo, and
the persons who had emigrated from the North and
gone there managed it exclusively. The first Legis-
lature that met in South Carolina began its carocr
by largely increasing the State debt, without thero
being anything in the State to show for that in-
crease. X can only give in round numbers what was
the State debt of South Carolina at tho time of the
inauguration of Governor Scott in July. 1868; it
was about six million dollars. The Legislature
increased it in the first place by an act authorizing
the issue of $500,000 in bonds to take up certain
bills receivable, as they were called. They then
passed an act authorizing the Governor to borrow
$1,000,000 to issue the bonds of the Stato to pay
the back interest upon the public debt. They
.then passed an act to fund the bills of the Bank of
the State of South.Carolina, and bills were funded
to the amount, I tnink, of $1,246,000. They then
passed an act authorizing the Governor to borrow
$l,00i>,000 for the reliefot the State, treasury. They
passed two acts, by the two acts authorizing the issue
of bonds for $700,000 for the land commission, for the
purpose of buying lands and selling them to the
oolorcd people.
"With these additional expenditures of money, all
these bonds having been issued, as I believe, not a
mile of railroad has been built in the State, not a
mile oi canal, and up to last November not a school-
house had been erected in South Carolina from our
State resources. The Freedmen's Bureau had built
a large number of school-houses there that had been
occupied, but none have been huilt by the State,
•ilthough large appropriations have been made for
school purposes, and the per capita tax has also been
devoted for that purpose. Besides this increase of
the indebtedness of the State, the general oonduct
of the Legislature was very unsatisfactory to the peo-
ple. It was very well understood at Columbia and
throughout South Carolina that no bill, having any
other purpose than a mere public law, could be
passed in that Legislature without bribery. Tho
Governor, in his testimony before the joint commit-
tee on the Blue Ridge railroad, has expressed it
very strongly. His statem§nt was that if the Saviour
came down to that Legislature and .wanted to pass
a bill for reform, unless lie bribed the^Legislature
to do it. they would crucify him; they would not
only reject his bill, but they would crucify the Sa-
viour. I do not pretend to indorse that statement
precisely, but my belief is that of every other man
in South Carolina, of any intelligence, that no act
was passed there, other than of a purely legal char-
acter, that the Legislature was not bribed to pass.
I make thatstatemen'tnotonly'froingeneral inform-
ation, but. from the confessions of a large number
of parties interested, the lobby members and. the
members of the Legislature themselves; I do not
think they ever made any secret of it.
" Another cause of discontent was the lavish par-
dons that were issued "by the Governor. Men of the
wor?t character, men who had committed the worst
possible crimes, w^re pardoned and turned loose
without any application from anybody, as far as was
known; from no responsible parties, certainly: no
application from either the judge or solicitor. They
were pardoned and turned loose to prey again upon
the community. Another cause of discontent was
the charapter of persons appointed to fill offices un-
der the Executive. The constitution of South Caro-
lina gives the Executive vast patronage, or at least
the legislature have assumed it whether the consti-
tution gives it or not. All the county auditors,
c<5unty treasurers, trial justices, as they are called
there—justices of the peace—and most of the local
officers are appointed by the Governor. As a rule
they are utterly incompetent, and as a rule they are
utterly corrupt. Another cause of discontent was
the organization and arming of the militia of the
State and the furnishing them with ammunitiou;
The militia were coufined to colored people. Nu-
merous applications were made by white oompanics
to be received into tho State ihilitia, but they were
all rejected. Some twenty thousand colored people
in different parts of thfiStateworo armed with Win-
chester and Springfield and other rifles, and near the
time of election ammunition was distributed to them
as if upon the eve of battle They were sometimes
very offensive and did a great deal Ot misohief. Xt
was very offensive to tho white people that these
"colored people should be armed ; and sometimes
depredations were committed by them; that was a
serious cause of discontent. Another cause was the
election law itsolf and the manner in which it was
executed. 14do not remember the number of sec-
tions in the statute. It is a long act, and from the
beginning to the end no penalty is provided for any
violation of its provisions. That act places tho whole
power of conducting tho elections in the hands ot tho
three commissioners lor each county to be appointed
by the Governor, without confirmation by the somite.
These commissioners thus appointed were required
in the first place to designate and fix the places
of voting. They appointed the managers to receive
the votes, to have the ballot-boxes at the polls and
receive the votes. The law then required the man-
agers, within three days after the election, to return
these ballot-boxes sealed up to the commissioners.
The commissioners were allowedjjy law ten days to
count these ballots and to make their returns of the
persons electcd. They began their carecr as com-
missioners by being very generally themsolvos can-
didates for office; and they had to decide whether
they were elected oi their competitors. Before tho
appointment of the commissioners, howovor, the
executive committee of tho reform party requested
Govorqor Scott to appoint one reform commissioner
for each county. That he declined to do, and, so far
as X am apprised, he appointed commissioners only
froui his own party and his own friends. These
commissioners commenced operations by fixing tho
voting places upon the banks of rivers and upon
the sea-coast, where tho colored population is very
dense; while further back from the rivers, and
along the upper part of the State, the white popula-
tion predominates, but is very scattered. As a rule,
the commissioners fixed the voting places to accom-
modate tho colored people, and to be as fur off and
inconvenient for the white people as they could. In
certaiu counties the white people would have to
travel forty miles to the nearest precinct to vote.
Then it was proposed to the executive committee
of the Republican party to have a committee of each
party remain with the ballot-boxes and see that
they were not tampered with* This they declined
to do, and, except for tho city of Charleston, they
kept these ballot-boxes in their privato houses
from the time ot the election until the time they
made their returns.
" That the ballot-boxes were stuffed after the elec-
tion is no longer a matter ol opinion. In some of
tile counties it has been a matter of judicial in-
vestigation. For instance, ill the county of Beau-
fort there was a trial of the commissioners lor that
county, charged with stuffing the ballot-boxes after
the election. The trial was before his honor Judge
Bond, of the circuit court of tho United States. The
jury was composed of an equal number ot black men
and white men. They found the defendants guilty,
audJudge Bond sentenced themtothepeuitentiary
lor two years each. In counties where it was utterly
impossible there should have been a majority for
Governor Scott,in my opinion theballot-boxes were
stuffed, the record falsified, and the will of the peo-
ple entirely thwarted. X cannot suppose that a low
of that sort was made for any other purpose thau to
keep the party in power, to prolong their power,
whether the people voted for them or not. For
instance, in the fourth congressional district, repre-
sented in your House by Mr. Wallace, thecommis-
sioners' returns make him elected by some three
or four thousand majority, X think. Now, judging
from a very activo and thorough canvass of the
whole country, and from information of men of all
parties generally, I do not think he could have been
beaten there by less than six or seven thousand
votes. In the county of Chesterfield, where the
white population largely predominates, where the
lleform senator was elected by a handsome majority,
the commissioners returned to the lower h,uuse two
members as elected who were friends of Governor
Scott, and the house seated them. I think it was
universal with the Republican papers in the State
that they denounced it as ah outrage; these men.
never could have and never did have a majority.
The Charleston Republican and the Repnblican
p.tper of Columbia both very severely denounced the
action ot the house, particularly the Charleston
Republican. .
" I do not pretend to state what th« opinion of the
peoplewas as to the real result of the canvass; but
ltwas thegeneral opinion throughouttheState, after
the election, that the ballot-boxos had been tampered
with throughout the State, and the will of the peo-
ple entirely disregarded. The Legislature elected
in that canvass then took their seats, and they pro-
ceeded at once to follow out the line of their prede-
cessors. Bribery was the general order of the day
to secure the passage of anything. They had some
very large jobs in relation to railroads that were
carried out very much to the disgust of the people
who have to pay the taxes, and who haveapy regard
for public morality. The firstLegislature passed atf
act guarantying $4,000,000 of bonds for the Blue
Ridge railroad, and reserving a statutory lien upon
the road aud its franchises, and its running- stock
and everything of the sort, for the payment of the
$4,000,000. The same Legislature passed an act guar-
antying about two million dollars of bonds for the
Grecnvtllo and Columbia railroad, a road already
running. Last winter the Legislature passed an act
relieving both of these roads from their liability, so
far as a mortgage was concerned, canceling the mort-
gage in favor of the State, and authorizing them to
put a first mortgage bond upon their road.
"Question. Thus releasing the lien of the State?
" AuftTeer. Thus releasing the lien of the State
entirely upon the tworoads. Those two Hens amount
to about six million dollars. The Blue Ridge rail-
road had only about twenty-nine or thirty miles of
road constructed. The estimates of the engineers
are that it will require, in addition to the $4,000,000
guarantied by the State, some four or five millions
inoroto complete it. It runs through a mountain-
ous country from Anderson, South Carolina, to
Knoxville, Tennessee. That of course is assuming
tho debt by the State, for it is impossible that the
road can pay it and finish the road. The State for
two years has been paying the interest on the bonds
of the road guarantied by her, is doing so now, and
has been doing so since the war, and X thinkshe did
so before. That has been the general character of
the legislation of South Carolina. In addition to
that there have been a great many outrages perpe-
trated in South Carolina other than by Ku Klux, as
thoy are called. Last summer the Loyal League,
headed by those persons who controlled the State
government, were very efficient in mischief. During
my canvass I suppose that half a dozen meetings
were broken up by hostilities commenced in every
instance by colored persons, and, as I believe, being
on tho ground at the instigation of certain white
people.
" Question. Bo you mean meetings of your polit-
ical friends?
" Ansicer. Yes, sir; I mean meetings where I was
advertised to speak, and some meetings where both
parties were advertised to speak and had agreed
upon a joint debate. Wo agreod upon a joint de-
bate at Chester Court-Hou^e. Mr. Attorney General
Chamberlaia made a speech and X was to follow:
other spoakers had preceded; I was to conclude the
debate. There was known to bo a great deal of
feeling and excitement thero, and it was agreed
between the different committees there that there
should be no disturbance; that no speaker should
bo interrupted; for there wassomefearof bad blood,
I had not been speaking five minutes, and certainly
was saying nothing offensive to anybody, when I
was interrupted by the chairman of the Scott com-
mittee with a question that I answered. Imme-
diately ho and two or three others began to throw
rocks. One of them came up on the stand and
knocked down a man who was standing by my side;
I was not hut t. There was a general scrimmage, the
people trying to get out of the way. X saw no white
man strike back, nor throw anything back. There
was a man shot the same day by a colored man.
Substantially the same thing occurred in three or
four other places. I never saw a white man arrested;
they did not arrest at all. I think that the cause ot
the operations of these secret organizations issimply
and purely the bad local government, where life and
property are insecure. As I have stated, I traveled
last summer over the entire State of South Caro-
lina, with the exception of a single county. I was
entertained by prominent gentlomen in different
parts of the State. X was in full and confidential
intercourse with thein; social intercourse some-
times; sometimes convivial intercourse. From the
commencement of my campaign until the end I
never heard any gentlemen anywhere express any
hostility to the Government of the United States.
The trouble of which everybody complained was
the incapacity and venality ot the administration
of South Carolina in all its departments and
branches; that was the cause of all the complaints.
During the campaign several men were killed m
different parts of the State; two colored men were
killed in Barnwell county. I never heard that
charged to the Ku Klux organization; nobody ever
supposed-it was doue by them. In more1 than one
place during the canvass it was proclaimed publicly
that if any colored man dared to vote the Reform
ticket the order had gone forth from the League
that he was to be shot. I do not pretend to say there
were any such orders, but X certainly heard tho
threat made by several prominent colored men, and
the colored men. undoubtedly, were very much
afraid. And on tne day of election, in my immedi-
ate neighborhood, upon the islands below Charles
ton and around Charleston, the military companies
were out armed, with their rifles loaded, and when
a colored man came up who was suspected to be a
Reformer the companies were ordered to fall into
line. Indeed, they had no chance to vote our ticket,
because tho moment that the challengers came upon
the ground with our tickets for distribution they
were seized and the tickets taken away from them,
and some of them were very roughly used. On
John's Island, Wardmalaw, and JBdisto, that took
place. The same thing occurred in Christ Church
parish, in the county of Charleston, and in St, John
Berkley, and in otlier places.
