1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4013
as this is. No, sir ; an Administration which,
after all the power in its hands, needs to-day
two hundred and thirty and odd internal rev-
enue districts in the United States, of oourse
will not be able to bring about any such re-
duction as one hundred and seventy of that
number before the 1st of January. Even if it
were a practicable thing, judging by the past,
which is the best test for all Administrations,
it has no mind to do it.
I repeat, sir, this law, if it should be passed,
will have its objective point fixed for the 1st
day of January. Before that time Congress
will meet. The object of it will have been
accomplished; it will have tided over the
election for a certain purpose; and then, if
the Senator from Indiana is right, and 1 do not
mean to say now that he really is not—it is not
necessary for my argument—the very first
pleasing duty of Congress will be, the whale
having been sufficiently amused in the mean
time, to postpoue the day of deliverance for
that great fish awhile longer, and it will defer
the further operation of this act until some
day in the indefinite future.
Mr. ALCORN. The internal revenue sys-
tem is one of great intricacy. The workings
of that system, which has been in operation
now for several years, are in truth the perfec-
tion of the art of intricacy, so far as ray judg-
ment goes. I think in truth there has been
very great skill manifested in the manner in
which the internal revenue of the country has
been carried forward. Now, it is proposed to
wind up that concern ; and to wind it up re-
quires the same care that the interests of the
Government be protected that there was ex-
pended in the elaborate system that is now in
full operation. I am satisfied that the Senator
from Indiana is correct when he says that this
business cannot be wound up short of the time
fixed in the bill.
If I desired merely to advance the interests
of the Republican party in the coming elec-
tion, I would suggest a proposition to wind it
up right at once, for it is known to every one
that the internal revenue system is one that is
distasteful to the people of the country,
and that the presence of these internal rev-
enue collectors will have no salutary effect
upon the interests of the Republican party in
the coming contest. If we looked merely to
the interests of party, and if men here were
prompted by motives no higher than those, it
would be our policy to wipe the internal reve-
nue collectors away from the presence of the
people at once, and stand out with proclama-
tion made that the internal revenue system is
finally abolished in the broad land. That
would be the way to electioneer, for the very
presence of these internal revenue collectors
is to the whole country a source of irritation ;
not that they are everywhere behaving in an
improper spirit ; I would not, imply anything
of that sort; but a direct tax always has been
and ever will be a distasteful one, and the men
who are employed as agents to collect that tax
will ever be distasteful to the people.. So I do
not think the Senator from California need
apprehend any very great result to the Repub-
lican party on account of the continuance of
these officers in their places, but he can com-
pose his soul aud patience with the full knowl-
edge of the fact that on this question the Re-
publican party can certainly make no point
against him.
But I am rather surprised to hear the hon-
orable Senator take the position here that
there is no possible chance for a change of
Congress. 1 had supposed there was a strong
hope resting in the mind of my friends over
the way that they were going to change things
after awhile; but the Senator from California
has given that up. He agrees that the change
is not yet, that in January at least Congress is
to be as it is now. I think that certainly, the
elections having passed then, Congress would
not be so unwise as to reestablish the system
if it was apparent that the coming Congress
would wipe it away.
Mr. CASSERLY. I call the attention of
the Senator from Mississippi to the fact that
not until the 4th of March can the coming
change have full effect, either in regard to
Congress or the other branches of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. ALCORN. We will not discuss that
now, bat I will say that public men in this
country are always disposed to yield to the
popular will, and if that will should speak out
iu the direction the Senator indicates, cer-
tainly Congress next winter would not have
the effrontery to pass a law in opposition
to it.
Mr. MORTON. The Senator from Califor-
nia wants these officers turned out before the
election. He hopes they will get mad and join
his party on that account. The only prospect-
ive allies they have are those who have either
been turned out of office, or those who failed
to get in, and he thinks these would join the
ranks of the sore-heads. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. Now let us go on with
the bill.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from California to the amendment of
the Committee on Finance.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. CASSERLY. In deference to my
fiiend,the Senator from Ohio, although I am
disposed to take three or four days longer on
this bill of his, I will not call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. COLE and others. Go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment the Committee on
Finance propose as section twenty-eight.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add as an
additional section the following :
Sec. 29. That all suits and proceedings for the
recovery of any internal tux alleged to have been
erroneously assessed or collected, or any penalty
claimed to have been collected without authority,
or for any sum which it is alleged was excessive, or
in any manner wrongfully collected, shall be brought
within two years next after the cause of action ac-
crued, and not after; and all claims for the refund-
ing of any internal tax or penalty shall be pre-
sented to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
within two years next after the cause of action ac-
crued, and not after: Provided, That claims which
have accrued prior to the passage of this act shall
be commenced in the courts or presented to the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue within one year
from the date of said passage: And provided fur-
ther, That where a claim shall be pending before
said Commissioner the claimant may bring his action
within one year after such decision, and not after:
And vrovided farther, That no right of action
barred by any statute now in force shall be revived
by anything herein contained.
Mr. CONKLING. The proviso reads :
Provided, That claims which have accrued prior
to the passage of this act shall be commenced in the
oourts.
It is a little awkward to talk about a claim
commencing in a court. The word "prose-
cuted" would express the idea more clearly, I
think.
'Mr. WRIGHT. I suggest that the proper
amendment would be "action for claims
which have accrued shall be commenced."
Mr. CASSERLY. I think "commenced"
is th6 technical term to bar the statute of
limitations.
Mr. WRIGHT. I suggest that the proper
correction would be " actions for claims which
have accrued."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made if there be no objection.
The question is on the amendment as modi-
fied.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add as an
additional section the following:
Sec. 30. That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized and dircctod carefully to revise
and prepare for publication the internal revenue
laws in force after the passage of this act, with
amendments incorporated in their proper places,
conveniently arranged £or reference, and with a
proper index; and that the same be printed as soon
as practicableby the Public Printer. That ten thou-
sand copies be printed, five thousand for the use ol'
the House of Representatives, two thousand for the
use of the Senate, and three thousand for the useof
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue. -
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest that "Public
Printer," in line seven^^Should be "Congres-
sional Printer." That is the title of his office.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; letthatchange
be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made. ,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add as an
additional section the following :
Sec. 31. That all acts and parts of acts inconsist-
ent with the provisions of this act are hereby re-
pealed: Provided, That all the provisions of said
acts shall be in force for levying and collecting all
taxes properly assessed, or liable to be assessed, or
accruing under the provisions of former acts, the
right to which has already accrued, or which may
hereafter accrue, under said acts, and for maintain-
ing, continuing, and enforcing liens, fines, penalties,
and forfeitures incurred under and by virtue thereof.
And this act shall not be construed to affect any act
done, right accrued, or penalty incurred under
former acts, but every such right is hereby saved;
and all suits and prosecutions for acts already done
m violation of any former act or acts of Congress
relating to the subjects embraced in this act may be
commenced or proceeded with in like manner as if
this act had not been passed: Provided, That when-
ever the duty imposed by any existing law shall
cease in consequence of any limitation therein con-
tained before the respective provisions of this act
shall take effect, the same duty or tax shall be, and
is hereby, continued until such provisions of this
act shall take effect; and where any act is hereby
repealed, no duty or tax imposed thereby shall be
held to cease in consequence of such repeal until the
respective corresponding provisions of this act shall
take effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendmeut was to add as an addi-
tional section the following :
Sec. 32. That this act shall take effect on the 1st
day ot July, 1S72, except where otherwise provided.
And the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is here-
by authorized to make, with the approval of the
Secretary of the Treasury, all such regulations not
in conflict, with any provision of law as may become
necessary by reason of any change made by this act
in the laws relating to the taxation of distillers and
distilled spirits.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend that
section, in line seven, by striking out the words
"laws relating to the taxation of distillers
and distilled spirits," and inserting the words
"internal revenue laws," because these are
changes made in other acts besides the laws
in regard to distillers and distilled spirits.
Then the word "change," in tbeseventh line,
should be put in the plural, so that it will
read:
All such regulations not in conflict with any pro-
vision of law as may become necessary by reason of
any changes made by this act in the internal reve-
nue laws.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This com-
pletes the amendments of the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. CONKLING. Before other amend-
ments are offered, I desire, having heard
another suggestion about it, once more, to
call the attention of the Senator from Ohio to
section eight, rn reference to goods in bond.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] is now finding the sec-
tion in regard to goods in bond that passed
the Senate two or three months ago.
Mr. CONKLING. I have it here among my
letters. If the Senator wants it, I will give it
to him in a moment.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have just sent for it,
and propose to insert that as a substitute.
Mr. CONKLING. Here is the section. I
will offer this in lieu of section eight. I will
read it, that we may see what it is:
That on and after the 1st day of July next tea
and coffee shall be placed on the free list, and no
further import duties shall be collected upon tha
