1326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
Mr. COLE. I cannot give any reason why
there should he more force employed in the
Philadelphia Mint than there is in the San
Francisco mint, unless it be that there are
more coins made, as may be the case, in Phil-
adelphia than in San Francisco. In the San
Francisco mint there is a much larger amount
in value coined, but the principal coinage
consists of double eagles. I am aware of the
fact that the force in San Francisco is very
small, and the laborers there work very hard
and during a great many more hours than are
usual for persons employed in the public ser-
vice. It has been the source of a good deal
of complaint, and has caused a good deal of
sickness, and it is alleged the death of some
persons who have been there employed ; but
such is the condition of the mint building there,
a rain almost as it is now, that it is difficult to
provide for the accommodation of more per-
sons even if they were authorized under the
law. They are getting along temporarily by
very hard vvoik and by working a great many
hours in the day. But we hope when the new
mint is completed they will have more room,
and coining more, will perhaps have more
force.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 30, line
seven hundred and sixteen, in the clause mak-
iug appropriations for the office of Assistant
Treasurer at St. Louis, to strike out the words
"clerks, messengers, and watchmen, $10,800,"
and insert in lieu thereof the following :
Chief clork and teller, $2,500; assistant teller,
$1,800; book-koeper, $1,500; assistant book-keeper,
$1,^00; messenger, $1,000; four watchmen, at $700
cach, $2,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 30,
line seven hundred and thirty, in the clause
making appropriations for the office of Assist-
ant Treasurer at New Orleans, to strike out
the following words:
Ono niglit-watohman at throe dollars per day, and
throe at$'2 50 per day, $3,832 50; and also to reduce the
total amount of the appropriation from $18,172 51 to
$14,840.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 33, after
lino seven hundred and eighty-four, to insert
the following clause:
For compensation of designated depositaries,
under the fourth section ot ttio act of August 0,
IS Hi, for the collection, safo keeping, transfer, and
disbursement of tho public revenue, $5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
This next amendment was on page 33, line
seven hundred and ninety-two, to increase the
appropriation for "contingent expenses under
the act oft he titli of A ugusl, 184(1, for the collec-
tion, sale-keeping, transfer, and disbursement
of the public revenue," from $50,000 to
$100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 34, lines
eight hundred and eighteen and eight hundred
and nineteen, to* increase the appropriation
for wages of woVkmeti and adjusters in the
branch mint at San Francisco from $178,000
to $200,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 35, line
eight hundred and thirty-three, to reduce the
appropriation for the salary of the assaver at
the assay olliee in New York from §4,500 to
$3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 35, line
eight hundred and thirty-six, to reduce the
appropriation for the salary of the deputy treas-
urer at the assay office, New York, from $4,500
to $3,000.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to reinstate the
amount named in the bill originally—$4,500.
The PRESIDING OFFICKll, (Mr. Moti-
tui-L, of Vermont, in the chair.) The ques-
tion is on agreeing to tho amendment ot the
committee. If the Senate disagree to the pro-
posed amendment, the Senator will accomplish
his purpose.
Mr. STEVENSON. I wish to call the at-
tention of the Senate to the fact that some
papers have come to the knowledge of the
committee since this amendment was reported.
It seems the sum of §4,500 was fixed as the
salary of this officer, as will appear by the com-
munication from the Attorney General, dated
October 13, 1870, which I send to the Secre-
tary to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows;
Department op Justice.
October 13, 1870.
Sie ; Your communication of tho 10th instant, and
the mcloied letter from the First Comptroller to
you, call for my opinion upon the question whether
the compensation approved by tho President for the
deputy treasurer at the assay office in New York,
under section ten of the act of March 2,1853, (10 Stat.,
page 212,) is legal.
Under that section the Secretary of the Treasury,
with the approbation and consent of tho President,
appoints such officers and clerks in the assay office,
other than the treasurer, as shall bo necessary tor
the proper conduct and management of the said
office, and of tho business appertaining thereto, at
such compensation as shall be approved by the Pres-
ident, provided that tho sum shall not exceed that
allowed tor corresponding services under existing
laws relating to the Mint of tho United States and
its branches. The compensation which has been
fixed for the deputy treasurer is $4,500, the samo
amount which is allowed under existing laws to tho
treasurer of the branch mint at San Francisco.
In approving and consenting to the appointment
of the deputy treasurer, and in tixinsj his compen-
sation, the President has substantially determined
that his services correspond to those performed by
tho treasurer of tho mint at San Francisco; and the
said seotions, properly construed, roter that matter
to his determination. The accounting officers ot tho
Treasury should, therefore, consider that matter as
sottled by competent authority, and should hold that
tho compensation prescribed for tho doputy treas-
urer is legal and duly payablo to that officer.
I am, sir, with sreat respect, your obedient ser-
vant,
A. T. AICERMAN, Attorney General.
lion. Geo. S. BoutWELL, Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. STEVENSON. It seems, therefore,
to be fixed by law that the salary is $4,500.
On the 27th day of October, 1870, in accord-
ance with that opinion, the Comptroller fixed
the salary of this officer at that sum, and it has
so continued, and the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in a note of the 29th of February, 1872,
transmits a letter, in which he asks that the
s:\lary shall be continued at $4,500, that being
the sum fixed by law.
I do not think the Committee on Appropri-
ations were aware of the ruling of the Attorney
General or the amendment would not have
been reported. Therefore, in accordance with
the recommendation of the Secretary ot' the
Treasury and the opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral, I move to reinstate the salary at the sum
of $4,500.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend from Ken-
tucky were correct in his premises, I should
agree with his conclusion ; but I think if he
will examine the statutes themselves, as I have
just now done, he will agree with me that
we ought to stand by the amendment. The
Attorney General is altogether wrong, and I
can convince my friend from Kentucky, who,
I know, thinks as I do, that we ought to keep
salaries down at the present time, that he is
wrong on his own letter. He says, quoting
the statute of 1853 correctly, that, the statute
providing for the assay office at Now York
declares that the officers shall be appointed
and paid according to such rate as the Pres-
ident shall decide upon, "provided that the
sum shall not exceed that allowed for corre-
sponding service under existing laws relating
to the Mint of the United States and its
branches."
The Attorney General refers, as a guide to
that provision, to the branch mint at San Fran-
cisco, in California, the provision in the statute
on that subject being under the act of 1852,
that he shall appoint " ono superintendent,
one treasurer, one assayer, one melter and
refiner, and one coiner." There is no dep-
uty treasurer provided for the San Francisco
assay office at all, and the appropriation bill
does not fix any compensation for any such
officer; but the Attorney General undertakes
to say that the deputy treasurer of the assay
office in New York, another officer, the sub-
Treasurer in New York, being ex officio Treas
urer, shall have the pay of a principal officer
elsewhere. This deputy Treasurer is an addi-
tional and subordinate officer; and there is
no principle of law or ethics upon which you
can rate his salary to be equal to that of the
first treasurer and the only treasurer 5f the
assay office which does so much more, in San
Francisco. There is therefore, I submit to
my friend from Kentucky, no provision of law,
the Attorney General to the contrary notwith-
standing. which authorizes the President of
the United States to make the salary of the
deputy treasurer in the city of New York as
great as that of the treasurer, who has no
deputy at all, in the city of San Francisco.
Inasmuch, then, as it appears clear to me that
we are not bound by law to make the salary
of this officer out of all proportion to that of
the other officers in the~ assay office of New
York which we have kept down to the old
standard, I think this amendment ought to be
agreed to. If on consideration it shall appear
to the committee when we come to a confer-
ence by and by that we are in error about this,
we can recede and correct it. I hope, there-
fore, my friend from Kentucky will allow the
amendment to be adopted for the time being.
Air. STEVENSON. I have no disposition
in the world to raise salaries; on that point 1
agree entirely with the Senator from Vermont.
1 have felt it my duty, however, to present
the letter of the Attorney General in this case,
in order that the Senator might know that the
President had fixed the salary of this assistant
at $4,500 under the advice of the Attorney
General. I desire now that the Clerk will
read the letter of the Secretary of the Treasury
which I sent to the Chair, and having pre-
sented that, I shall submit to the action of the
Senate, having no feeling on the subject, and
being rather desirous that salaries shall not be
raised.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
I transmit this letter to the Committee on Appro-
priations in tho hope that there wilt bo no hesita-
tion in fixing Mr. Edclman's salary at $4,500. The
law provides for that salary, and it was so fixed by
tho President with tho approval of tho Attorney
General.
Moreover, Mr. Edelman's services are very import-
ant and valuable to the Government, and there is no
reason for reducing; his pay.
Respectfully,
GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
February 29,1872.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to occupy
the time of the Senate, for I think we shall all
unite to agree to this amendment, and then if
we have made a mistake we can correct it
afterward; but I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to whatwehave already passed over
in this bill. The Assistant Treasurer at New
York, 1 repeat, is treasurer of the assay office
bylaw. We pay him $8,000 a year. Then he
has a deputy Assistant Treasurer who receives
$3,000. Probably that deputy Assistant Treas-
urer is called upon to do five times the amount
of responsible duties that this deputy treasurer
of the assay office is; and therefore, to keep
this salary up, unless we are obliged by law to
keep it up, a thousand dollars more than the
deputy Assistant Treasurer in the city of New
York is paid, with a great deal larger respons-
ibility, is an invidious and unjust distinction.
I hope, therefore, the Senate will stand by the
amendment, until it shall be made plainly to
appear to us, as I think it cannot be, that we
are obliged by law to pav this sum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
bill.
The next amendment was in line eight hun-
dred and fifty-three, to strike out " superin-
