€30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
paper. She gracefully smiled, and accepted the
same, and read till we arrived at the breakfast
house, at Fort Valley. The white passengers all
went out to breakfast, and she politely arose
from her seat and came to where I was sitting
aDd said that she was from Boston, Massachusetts,
had been traveling for some days and nights, was
on lier way to Alabama to take charge of a high
school, and had had nothing to eat since she crossed
the Potomac river, &e.; and would X be so kind as
to step out to the hotel and ask the keeper to send
her some breakfast on a waiter. linstantly replied,
"Yes, yes." and hastily left the train for the board-
ing-house, and made the necessary request. But the
landlord asked, "Is she white or eolored ?" I told
him sh*  was eolored, but she was a very respectable
colored lady. 44 Well," he said, "we have not got
enough cooked this morning for the white folks; so
Ican'tletherliavc anything." "But," said I, ' tnen
send her a cup of tea and a. biscuit." ' I can t spare
it," he said. "Well," said I, "let her come in, and
fry her some eggs." Said he. "I have got nothing
in my house for her." So X went back and stated,
not only to her. but to all in the car, what was said.
The affur so mortified some white Democrats on
the train at the time that they even cursed about it,
and, I believe, felt sorry for the colored lady. One
white man (a Democrat, too) said that kind of pre-
judice was damn foolishness; and he thought rail-
road eating-houses ought to have one white table
and one colored table, or let all eat together.
I afterward found out that this colored lady was
a graduate of a Boston high school, and then of a
university. She had letters vouching for the highest
and most spotless character. And in the face of it
all she could get nothing to eat from Aquia creek
to Montgomery, Alabama, notwithstanding she had
left home, relative?, and friends to educate a people
who are in the future to wield, in part, the destinies
of the nation.
Let tbe facts speak for themselves; I shall say no
more.
Your humble servant, H. M. TURNER.
Hon. Charles Sumner,
So much, sir, for the testimony from Georgia
as to the necessity of the pending measure ;
so much for the protection afforded in Georgia
to the equal rights of all. And yet the Sen-
ator from that State insists that there is no
occasion for this biUl
But, unhappily, Georgia is not alone. From
that State at the South 1 pass to my own hon-
ored Commonwealth of Massachusetts, which
needs this same benign intervention. I have
in my hands a letter dated at Chelsea, Massa-
chusetts, December 25, 1871, as follows:
Honored Sir: I wish to submit to you a brief
statement.
On Saturday last, the 23d instant, owing to the
detention of a train from Lowell which should have
reached Boston about halt past ten o'clock at night.
I was landed in Boston abont midnight. I live in
Chelsea; but the cars had stopped running, and the
ferry-boat also had stopped. It was therefore im-
possible for rao to reach home without walking four
or five miles, and it was raining hard. I went to the
American House to find shelter for the night, but
when I attempted to register my name the clerk took
aw fly the book and told mo they did not admit col-
ored persons, and that no first-class hotel in Boston
would give me a bed or a meal. Ilesaid the Ameri-
can IIouso was frequented by many shivedcalern and
southerners, and they would make difficulty if wo
were admitted to the house or table. I was allowed
to sit there the rest of the night, though not able to
get bed or food
This fjet may be of use to you in your generous
effort to protect us by a civil rights law.
Very truly, C. R. BEAL.
In support of this communication I have a
brief note from Wendell Phillips, written on
New Year's day, in which he refers to this
outrage, and says that it was aggravated pecu-
liarly by the state of the weather at the time,
being one of the worst nights of the year, on
which the storm was so bad and raged so
furiously that it formed a special subject of
comment in the papers the next day; and yet
it was daring that inclement weather that this
person was shut out. from the American Hotel
in Boston, I believe the largest there. Now.
what says Mr. Phillips of this sufferer?
"Of him I can only say I know nothing of his
moral character—that has nothing to do with his
right to shelter in an inn—but in dress, manner, and
general bearing he is what wo call a gentleman, and
would compare well with more than half of the mem-
bers of Congress in that respect."
And he, sir, suffered from this indignity 1
I come now to South Carolina; and here if
I call attention to comments on the speech of
one of the Senators from that State he will
know that I do it in no unfriendly spirit but
simply in the discharge of a public duty. I
have in my hand a letter from F. L. Cardozo,
ithe very intelligent secretary of State of South
Carolina, a colored gentleman of excellent
education and manners, and now a professor
in Howard University. It is dated "Wash-
ington, January 6; 1872.'' Ifc is as follows:
Dear Str : I take the liberty of addressing you,
the foremost champion of our oppressed race and
the earnest advocate of our rights, on the subject of
the supplementary civil rights bill that you arc so
eagerly and appropriately pressing in the United
States Senate. „ . _
I am induced to write you after reading several of
the speeches of the Senators from the southern
States, in one of which this remarkable passage
oecurs: "Sir, the colored people of the South ask
this. The colored people of the South, could they
be represented on this floor to-day, would say to the
Senator from Massachusetts, 4 Hold off your bill
until we can secure amnesty; we will get our rights
under your bill sooner or later; we are willing to
wait for the time when such a measure can be car-
ried out and can pass, but give us amnesty.' They
have petitioned for amnesty with ten times as many
petitions as have come up here for the passage of
the Senator's bill. There has hardly been a con-
vention of colored men in the South who have not
said, to Congress,' give us amnesty.'"
The Senator is greatly mistaken in thus represent-
ing the colored people. If he means to say that the
colored people of most of the southern States, in a
spirit of unexampled generosity and forgiveness, did
not place any articles of disfranchisement in the
constitutions of the reconstructed States, which they
helped so largely to frame, he is correct. But they
did so simply for the purpose of leaving the matter
to Congress to regulatemore conveniently bystatute.
They have also been willing hitherto to sign the
petitions for removal of the disabilities of individu-
als whenever presented to them. But when theSen-
ator states that the colored people of his State or of
the South earnestly wish amnesty for those who
always have and are still oppressing them, and that
they are willing that their own first rights should be
postponed until amnesty is granted. 1 am sure the
Senator is greatly mistaken, and is not acquainted
with the wants and does not know the opinions of
the colored people, and has no authority whatever
to speak for them.
The Legislature of South Carolina has passed a
law giving precisely the rights contained in your
" supplementary civil rights bill." But such a law
remains a dead letter on her statute-books, because
the State courts, comprised largely ot those whom
the Senator wishes to obtain amnesty for, refuse to
enforce it.
The eolored people of the South are looking earn-
estly to the Congress of the United States for the
passage of your bill, or one containing similar pro-
visions. If their united voices could be heard they
would intreat the representatives of tho Repub-
lican party in Congress to finish their great work by
the passage of your bill, and thus remove the degrad-
ing usage they arecompolled to su'bmit to.
Wcaie astonished that Republican Senators who
were in favor of the amnesty bill refuse to attach
the "supplementary civil rights bin" to it. It seems
to us a reversal of the maxim, "Be just before you
are generous." We naturally ask, why such eager
haste to do an act of generosity to those who scorn
and would smite the hand that does it, while deny-
ing an act of jus!ice to those who have always been
faithful and true, and who now look to the national
Government for their protection?
But I venture to say further, that while the col-
ored people of the South have always been in favor
of amnesty, lam sure that now, when they see their
leading men assnssinated, their wives and children
brutally whipped in the dead of night by Ku Kiux,
a band of the most cruel conspirators that ever dis-
graced any civilized country, they seriously ques-
tion the wisdom of the policy that would remove the
disabilities of such men and restore them to posi-
tion, thus giving them tho opportunity of carrying
out more successfully their fiendish designs. And
they are surprised and indignant that those who
happen to represent their State for the time being
should pretend to represent their feelings.
Those who interpret tbe forgiveness and patience
of the colored people under their injuries as imply-
ing an indifference to their rights, or a willingness
to postpone them until questionable acts of gener-
osity are done to those who are depriving them of
their lights, completely misunderstand them, and
their pretension to represent them is the most ridic-
ulous and unwarrantable presumption.
The forgiveness and patience of the colored peo-
ple prove only their generous nature and their will-
ingness to await constitutional and legal remedies
to right their wrongs.
Thanking you for your noble zeal in our behalf, I
have the honor to be, very respectfailv, <&c..
F. L. CARDOZO,
Secretary of State of South Carolina.
Hon. Charles Sumner, United States Senate.
But this is not all. f have here an article
from the Columbia Daily Union, of December
30, 1871, entitled "A South Carolina Senator
speaks for the Colored People of the South."
I will read some passages from it:
"In the United States Senate Chamber on the
21st instant, upon the consideration of Senator Sum-
ner's supplementary civil rights bill as an amend-
ment to the amnesty bill, Senator Sawyer said the
great mistake in the reconstruction of the southern
States was the imposition of any political disabili-
ties, and it was due to that mistake that his State
had now a government which was a disgrace to tho
Republican party and a scandal to the country
before the civilized world. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, in his zeal for equal rights, was seeking
to tack his amendment on to this bill; but the col-
ored people of the South, if they could be heard,
would themselves say to that Senator, Give us am-
nesty first; we will be sure to get our rights, sooner
or later, under your bill.'"
Then, after some further remarks, this
writer proceeds:
"And then he speaks for the colored people of the
South, and says we desire amnesty first, that we are
sure to get our rights sooner orlater. In using fuch
language Mr. Sawyer misrepresents the sentiment
ofthecolored people oftheSouth. Charles Sumxer
knows the wants and desires of the colored people oj
the South as xoell as of the entire country lor better
than the gentleman from South Carolina. After
years and years of slavery, proscription, insults,
and inhuman treatment, we want no further post-
ponement of our rights as men and citizens. Too
long have we suffered as pariahs and outcasts of
the nation to use such an indefinite term in regard
to the acquisition of ourrights as * sooner or later.'
While the bloody hand of the Ku Klux is over our
heads, while we are being torn from our homes and
brutally whipped and murdered, our women rav-
ished, and our homes and school-houses and
churches lain in ashes, we are to say, ' Stop! Give
these gentlemen amnesty. Never mind our rights.
They will come sooner or later. We have suffered
two hundred years; we cau suffer two hundred
years longer.' Not at all. If amnesty must como,
let civil rights come with it. In sweeping away
the results of the war, sweep away the results of
slavery. They will do very well to go together.
"It was the desire of the convention of colored
men, which sat in this city a few months ago^that
this bill of Mr. Sumner's should pass at as early a
day as possible. This it is, we hope, Congress will
do, and not allow itself to be deluded into the idea
that the gentleman from South Carolina is a mouth-
piece for tbe colored people of the South."
Sir, I think this dtiuble testimony from the
writer in the newspaper and the secretary of
State of South Carolina is a complete answer
to the speech of the Senator assuming to speak
for the colored people, especially when I con-
sider how unreasonable was that speech, how
unreasonable to suppose that men smarting
under the denial of their rights could will-
ingly consent to the postponement of the rem-
edy, and generously bestow upon their ene-
mies what is called amnesty. Why, sir, it is
so unreasonable that the moment it is stated
the human heart leaps impulsively to give the
answer.
From South Carolina, a former slave State,
I pass to Ohio, always a free State. I have in
my hands a telegraphic dispatch addressed to
myself, dated Columbus, January 3, 1872, as
follows:
Hon. Charles Sumner, Washington.•
Five hundred colored citizens of Columbus send
greeting, and we trust thatwhen Congress reassem-
bles you will press with renewed interest your
amendment to the amnesty bill, and we will ever
hold you and your efforts in our behalf in grateful
remembrance.
J. S. TYLER, and others.
Then afterward, by due course of the post,
came a copy of the resolutions adopted at the
public meeting thus heralded, as follows:
"Whereas when the bill was before the Senate of
the United States granting general amnesty to all
who were engaged in the late rebellion against the
Government Hon. Charles Sumner, Senator from
Massachusetts, offered an amendment to said bill
making it a penal offense for any hotel, stenmboat,
railroad company, or anykeeper of any public place
of amusement or entertainment, to deny any colored
person any right or privilege granted to any white
person under tho same circumstances; and whereas
this amendment was lost by one vote. Senators vot-
ing against it assigning as a reason for so voting
that colored people themselves were neither asking
nor needing any such legislation as the amendment
proposed: Therefore,
" Resolved, That said Senators were wrong and Mr.
Sumner was correct. Colored persons absolutely
need and fervently pray *for just such legislation;
for in many places in the United States they are
daily and hourly made to sufferfrom these discrim-
inations against thetn on account of their color, whose
prevention or punishment that legislation contem-
plates." *****}=***
" Resolved^That in our opinion, the full, peaceful
and equnl enjoyment of our rights, as citizens of the
United States, is to be achieved onlv through a
judicious use of the elective franchise and the
persistent efforts of Mr. Sumner and other just and
} philanthropic members of Congress
1 "Resolved. That Mr. Sumner's amendment was as
I opportune as it was just and necessary. Certainly,
ifmon whose treason, whose efforts to destroy the
' Government have worked a forfeiture of the rights
