3118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
and materials from Connecticut, and hams
from Ohio, via San Francisco, to Australia.
How absurd 1 This line starts from San Fran-
cisco. The freight on the Pacific railroad is
forty to forty-five dollars a ton on every one
of these articles. The freight from Ohio to
San Francisco oil all articles produced in Ohio
is higher than the freight is from England to
Australia. You can contract to carry every
one of the articles he named at a cheaper rate
from Liverpool to Australia than you can carry
them from Ohio to San Francisco. We all know
that the rate of freight on the Pacific railroad
is from thirty-five to sixty dollars a ton. There-
fore the idea of building up a commerce via
the Pacific to Australia from the interior of
the great body of our country is absurd.
It is true that three fifths of the commerce
now carried on between the United States and
Australia is carried on from the New England
coast by sailing vessels that leave our eastern
ports. All the trade in wool, and all the trade
carried oil now from the eastern coast, does
not go by way of California ; it goes around
Cape Horn. And yet we propose, notwith-
standing this trade is now going on, to increase
this subsidy from San Francisco to Australia,
for what? In exchange for what products?
What can be carried? What is carried? If
those Senators who are familiar with the busi-
ness of this line will show us the bills of lading
of these steamers, and tell us what they carry,
and how much their trade is, we can judge.
The honorable Senator from Nevada says that
in San Francisco the amount received for one
year, 18G9-70, was $20,000. Twenty thou-
sand dollars was the whole amount of duties
received on all the articles brought from Aus-
tralia into San Francisco.
Mr. NYE. And in less than six months past
it has been $855,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. But what was that? That
was the trade to New York, to Boston, and to
San Francisco. It' he had looked at the returns
he would have found that nearly all of that
was wool brought around by sailing vessels
under a peculiar state of circumstances.
Mr. NYE. 1 should not see any such thing.
The larger proportion of it is gum.
Mr. SHERMAN. What kind of gum?
Mr. N YE. Rubber.
Mr. SHERMAN. Rubber gum?
Mr. NYE. Yes.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is nearly all brought
from South America.
Mr. NYE. That was the report, and I read it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think we ought
to embark on this matter. It seems that it is
to cost $500,000 a year, because this subsidy
of §425,000 is in addition to the present sub-
sidy. That makes $500,000 a year to build
up this commerce to start a monthly line of
steamers to San Francisco without any trade.
The Senator from Indiana says that he would
rather subsidize a line to a country that we do
not trade with now in order to build up a trade.
But he must be satisfied that there can be a
trade built up between the two countries. That
is impossible here. There can be a trade built
up between China and Japan and this country.
Why? Because their productions are different;
the habits of their people are different; they
have a different civilization. Exchange of
products between those countries and ours
would make a large trade. The fact there is
now such a trade between China and our
country shows that there is a possibility of an
increase of it. But what possibility is there
of an increased trade between San Francisco
and Australia? The basis of that trade does
not exist. Therefore I say that of all the
subsidies perhaps this is the weakest. I do
think we ought to encourage the line of steam-
ers with China and Japan, we ought to open
up another with Brazil; we ought, in my judg-
ment, to have a western coast line to i'eru
and I have no doubt in three or four years, by
the gradual changes of the price of commer-
cial products, the gradual diminution of the
cost of building vessels in this country, all
these lines will be established without any
subsidies at all. I have no doubt of that in a
short period of time.
The Senator from Pennsylvania told us that
now the difference between the price of an
iron vessel built on the Clyde and one built on
the Delaware is only ten percent. Large and
prosperous companies are now proposing to
build iron vessels at ten per cent, more than
the Clyde price. That ten per cent, will soon
disappear. The gradual operations of our
workmen, our facilities for iron and coal, and
our labor-saving machinery will soon wipe out
this difference of ten per cent. Then we shall
have steamers going all over the ocean from
this country as we had sailing vessels ten or
fifteen years ago. Sir, we are about to be led
by a fallacious argument, built upon facts that
do not apply to our own country, built upon
commerce between Australia and England,
to engage in this subsidy to force a traffic at an
enormous expense. I trust the Senate will
not do it.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President-
Mr. COLE. I wish one moment to make a
correction.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
Mr. POMEROY. The five-minutes rule
will apply hereafter.
Mr. COLE. I wish to say, once for all, and
I have tried to say it several times, but was
so unfortunate as not to make myself under-
stood, that the commerce that is to be carried
on by the lines subsidized in this way is but a
small proportion of the commerce that is cre-
ated by the line. The commerce will not be
carried on with San Francisco alone, but it
will naturally flow out of the ports of Boston,
New York, Baltimore, and New Orleans; and
the idea of carrying all the trade that is to be
stimulated by this line across the Pacific road
is a thing that never entered my head, and T
hope the Senator from Ohio will not try and
hold me to any such proposition.
Mr. RAMSE1. I believe the foreign trade
of this country has at least grown up to the
amount of §1,000,000,000 per annum. One
half of it is importation and the other half
exportation. Look to Great Britain and Ire-
land, and the foreign trade of those coun-
tries is $4,000,000,000. Those small islands
on one side of the Atlantic, confined to a
superficial area of one hundred and seven-
teen thousand square miles, against our three
million square miles, having a population of
less than thirty millions against our almost
forty millions, with our immense production
of the raw materials for consumption and for
manufacture, yet have $4,000,000,000 of for
eign trade and we have but $1,000,000,000.
Why is it? It is because of the statesman-
ship of the Senator from Ohio, and those who
go with him against the statesmanship of Glad-
stone, and those who manage the affairs of
Great Britain.
Mr. President, where would be the trade of
Great Britain if her statesmen were as timid
as is the Senator from Ohio, who trembles at
the liberality he lias indulged in in voting fur
the China subsidy of $1,000,000? Now he
hesitates, and I suppose he will finally vote
against the bill. When you have put this with
that appropriation in creased to $ 1,000,000 then
you will only be paying $1,700,000 per annum
in subsidies. Whatdoes England, who already
has a trade that compares so finely with ours,
pay? I have the correct statistics here in the
report of the post office department of the
English Government. She pays to her Aus-
tralian line $050,000 a year. She pays for the
Brazil service $194,590 a year. She pays for
the Liverpool and Valparaiso service $147,220
a year. She pays for the East Indian, China,
and Japan lines $2,250,000, a year; for the
North American service, $504,000 a year;
British North American, Queenstown to Hali-
fax, &c., $37,879; forBermudaand St. Thomas
$99,500 ; and to the Pacific other than the first
enumerated points. $03,220; for the West
Indies, $865,570; for service to Tampico and
St. Martha, $108,380; and for the west coast
of Africa, $116,900.
Mr. President, notwithstanding her extraor-
dinary foreign trade as coinpaied with ours
which she creates by this liberality, she has no
hesitation in continuing it from year to year-
but here, with all the great facilities and all
the natural products to create a great trade
you hesitate about this small appropriation.
The consequence is just the disparity between
your trade and the trade of Great Britain,
where they have courage and liberality. It
aljvays will be in this way. Unless you culti-
vate a more liberal spirit in this regard your
trade will only compare with that of small and
insignificantcountries comparatively, as it does
now.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, the
Senator from California spoke of the articles
which could be sent from New England to
Australia. It is true that Australia needs the
very articles which are manufactured in New
England. The same articles are manufactured
in England and in Germany, and Australia
sends her wool, her gold, and her wheat to
England and Germany as well as to the Uni-
ted States. She sends these articles which
she produces to buy that which she does not
produce, and she buys where she can buy
cheapest. Every Senator knows that almost
every article of hardware is manufactured
cheaper in Germany and in England than it
is here. They know that almost every imple-
ment of husbandry (except simply agricul-
tural implements such as are made in Michi-
gan and sometimes go across the continent) i8
manufactured cheaper in those countries than
it is "here, and the products of Australia go
where they can find the highest market, and
buy in exchange that which they can buy
cheapest. That is not in New England; it is
not on our eastern shore, for every one knows
that this market is the highest market in the
world to-day—the best market to sell in.
But, notwithstanding this, Australia does
buy some hardware, some woodenware, some
agricultural implements, and some boots and
shoes and other articles manufactured in New
England ; but they do not go across the con-
tinent; only here and there an article goes
across the continent; they go in your sailing
ships from Boston and New York direct to
Australia, and it is rare, only in cases where
the purchaser is in great haste, that he is will-
ing to be at the expense of transporting them
across the continent. When you attempt to
build up a line of steamers from California to
Australia, to aid in sending forward the pro-
ducts of New England, you are to do it by
taking money out of the Treasury so as to en-
able the manufacturer to send them cheaper
that way, time included, than he can the other.
Mr. President, as I said the other day, in
endeavoring to build up this line you are work-
ing against the current, against the natural
commerce of the two countries. I would take
the position of the Senatorfrom Indiana if the
products of these two countries were unlike ;
that is, if the western coast of our country was
unlike in its products to Australia; but being
so similar there can be no profitable commerce
there, and it is only by connecting the line
with the eastern coast that you can have any,
and to carry on that, to establish that, to main-
tain it, this subsidy is too expensive.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to ask the Senator a
question : whether what he says in regard to
the commerce with Australia was not emphat-
ically true of rhe commerce with China before
the China line was established?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I cannot answer the
question fully.
Mr. NYE. You know that that trade was
all done in sailing vessels before.
