1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
132T
tendent," and after the word "assayer," to
insert "who shall have charge of the assay
office;" in line eight hundred and fifty-four,
after " melter," to insert " and refiner," and
to strike out "seven" and insert "five;" and
after the word "dollars," in line eight hun-
dred and fifty five, to add "and the offices
, of superintendent and one clerk are hereby
abolished after July 1, 1872 so as to make
the clause read:
Assay office at Bois6 City, Idaho :
For salaries of assayer, who shall have charge of
tho assay office, melter -and refiner, and clerk,
$5,400; and the offices of superintendent and one
clerk are hereby abolished after July 1,1872.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
appropriation for the branch mint at Char-
lotte, North Carolina, from line eight hun-
dred and sixty-two to line eight hundred and
sixty-five, as follows:
For assayer, $1,500; for wages of workmen, SI,492.
For chemicals, charcoal, aud incidental and mis-
cellaneous expenses, ST,500.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following :
The branch mint at Charlotte, North Carolina,
shall be abolished on the 30th day of June, 1872;
and the Secretary of tho Treasury is hereby author-
ized to sell the said mint and all the public property
connected therewith, at public auction, giving rea-
sonable notice of said sale.
Mr. POOL. I hope that amendment will
not be agreed to by the Senate. There is a
necessity for this assay office in North Carolina.
Perhaps at the present time there may be no
very great necessity for it, but it is perfectly
certain that before very long there will be.
Previous to the war this was a mint, and
there was a very considerable amount of coin-
age done at that mint. Since the war, the
mining operations in North Carolina, as all
other industrial pursuits, have been languish-
ing; and from the fact that 110 great amount
of work has been done at that establishment
since the close of the war, there have been
several efforts to abolish it altogether. In the
first place it was discontinued as a mint and
made an assay office. To that, we made no
objection. Now a proposition comcs to abol-
ish it altogether and have no assay office there.
I really hope the Senate will not agree to this
amendment. The mining operations in North
Carolina are beginniug to increase in import-
ance. There have been recent developments
which have created very considerable excite-
ment in parts of the State, and also in parts
of Tennessee, Georgia, and South Carolina.
The buildings when they were first erected
cost a great deal, and the machinery was put
in at considerable cost to the Government;
and if they are sold now it will be at a very
great sacrifice. I do not hesitate to say that
perhaps in the next eighteen months or two
years there will be apparent a very great ne-
cessity for an assay office at that point.
Mr. HILL. Before the vote is taken on
this proposition I wish to remark that there is
no assay office in Georgia, none in Tennessee,
none in Alabama, none in South Carolina,
and none in Norrh Carolina, except the one at
Charlotte, which it is now proposed to abolish.
It is very well known that a great railroad is
in process of construction, and will be com-
pleted during the present year, mainly so at
least, running from Charlotte, North Carolina,
to Atlanta, Georgia. This road traverses the
great mountain region of that country; it is a
gold region, which for the first time will have
been developed to the world. Mankind will
become acquainted with its iron and its gold
and everything that makes it a rich mineral
region.
Tbis being the only remaining assay office
in all these southern States, it is important to
retain it in view of the fact, which is known to
some of us, (hat miners who have been in
California and the other western States and
Territories for years past are turning their
attention to Georgia and North Carolina in
this region. 1 myself have heard very dis-
tinguished miners say that these fields of enter-
prise are more inviting to-day than any other
mines on the continent. Large outlays of
money are being made in my own State and
in North Carolina. Preparations are being
made for resuming mining. It is hardly fair
to take the present condition of mining as an
index of the future. "We are to presume that
something like the prosperity which preceded
the war will be resumed iu mining as well as
in agricultural pursuits and other businesses
in the South. I hope that this last means of
affording facilities to the miners of that region
will not be taken away from us, and that some-
thing will be left to let our people recognize
that there is a tie between them and the
national Government other than the vexatious
internal revenue laws of which these mount-
aineers complain so much. As this is but a
small appropriation proposed by the House of
Representatives, of $4,300, to keep open this
assay office, I should dislike to have such a
degree of economy prevail here as would induce
the Senate to accept the proposition of the
committee to strike it out.
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Appropria-
tions took considerable pains to ascertain
whether there was really any necessity for a
mint at Charlotte, North Carolina, or not.
After such investigation as could be had, it
was, I believe, the unanimous conclusion of
the committee that there was not the slightest
necessity for the continuation of that establish-
ment. It is called, as will be seen, a mint. I
believe there is no minting done there; nor do
1 suppose there is any assaying done at that
place. 1 judge as well from the character of
the appropriation asked for as from other cir-
cumstances that there is really no assaying
done at that place. I see the appropriation
asked for is for one person as assayer at
$1,500 ; for wages of workman, $1,492. There
certainly can be very little business, if any at
all, done at that establishment with the force
thus afforded.
I do not apprehend that keeping up this
little concern in Charlotte, North Carolina, is
necessary to insure allegiance and good feel-
ing on the part of that State and adjoining
States toward the General Government. If I
thought it was, I should at once yield the
point and permit the establishment to con-
tinue, so far as it could be done by my con-
sent. But I do not believe that keeping up a
useless establishment there will be regarded
as of any particular advantage to that locality,
of any particular advantage to the State of
North Carolina or to the other States in which
there were once perhaps some precious metals
found. There have been already one or two
of these institutions discontinued; I believe
there was one discontinued at the last session
of Congress; and the growing impression is
now that two mints are all that are needed or
required in the United States, the one at
Philadelphia and the one at San Francisco,
and the disposition is to have coinage done
only "at those two points.
I know the local feeling that exists in differ-
ent portions of the United States in favor of
public institutions of this sort. We saw an
illustration of it in the establishment of navy-
yards. There are in the United States now, I
| believe, eight separate navy-yards, whereas
' there should be not to exceed half that num-
ber, one upon the Pacific and three upon the
Atlantic side. These small yards are of no
advantage, no credit to the Government, and
the sooner they are dispensed with the better
it will be, in my judgment, for the interests of
the Government, and for its good name.
I hope my friend from North Carolina will
not insist upon keeping up this establishment,
unless there is some more potential reason
than has been mentioned. 1 have heard it
said to-day that the product of the precious
metals is likely to increase in that vicinity. I
do not know but that such may be the case. I
think, however, it has not increased as yet.
If it shall iucrease by the discovery of new
mines, then of course Congress will be bound
to establish an assay office somewhere there
for the accommodation of persons producing
such metals.
Mr. POOL. The committee fouad in this
bill as it came from the House of Represent-
atives an appropriation of about forty-five hun-
dred dollars for the keeping up of this assay
office at Charlotte. I did not know, nor do I
suppose that any Senator who feels any local
interest in the matter knew, that the commit-
tee was investigating whe'ther it was proper to
continue this appropriation. If I had had the
least notice of it, I should have brought some
facts to the attention of the committee ; but
inasmuch as I had no notice, and brought no
facts to the attention of the committee, I will
now produce some for the information of the
Senate.
This was established as a mint in 1835. It
cost the Government for the building $29,800.
The machinery cost $56,000. This establish-
ment was therefore erected at a cost of $85,800.
The amount of coinage up to the war in this
mint was $5,048,041 from the products of tho
gold of North Carolina alone, to say nothing
of Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee, and South
Carolina. There was also coined at the Phila-
delphia Mint, in the same period, $4,466,026,
making the amount of the coinage up to the
war, from the North Carolina product of gold,
$9,514,667. The amount used by jewelers,
on account of the purity of the gold, from the
North Carolina product, is stated in the reports
of the Treasury Department to be $1,137,550.
'in addition to that the amount of North. Caro-
lina gold assayed at New York iu bars was
$147,775, making, from 1838, when this coin-
age first commenced and these mines were
first worked, the product of the State of North
Carolina alone nearly $11,000,000. Since the
war there have been railroad projects under-
taken which will very much increase the min-
ing operations of that region, and there have
been discoveries of mines there which I have
no doubt in the world will make it necessary
at a very early day that there should be an
assay office at least in that locality somewhere.
Now, sir, the proposition is that we shall
expose to sacrifice by sale property which cost
this Government $85,800, with a prospect near
at hand of having to reestablish an assay <5ffice
there, rather than to appropriate the pitiful
sum of $4,500, scarcely enough to keep the
buildings and machinery in operation, for the
purpose of continuing it to see what this
development will amount to. I do not think
it will be good policy on the part of the Gov-
ernment.
There is another reason. The chairman of
the committee says that he does not see that
it would be of any very great benefit to the
people of that region. I call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that those who are en-
gaged in mining operations in that region are
not large, mammoth corporations, not com-
panies. The mining is mainly carried on by
individuals, by farmers, who; when they have
laid their crops by, go to the streams and
commence washing gold. They are subject to
imposition by brokers and storekeepers, who
get their metal from them at less than its
value. It is in the interest of labor that there
should be an assay office within convenient
reach of those people who are laboring in
mining operations.
I see that in this very bill we have already
appropriated to the mint at Denver $28,335 ;
to the assay office at Bois6 City, in Idaho,
$11,077, and we in the whole of the southern
States ask for an appropriation of only $4,500
for the purpose of continuing the only assay
office south of Philadelphia. The office at New
Orleans has been stricken down; the o"ne in
Georgia has been stricken down since the war,
and the only one left south of Philadelphia is
this little assay office at Charlotte, North Car-
olina. I do not think that it is fair or right
to strike it down. I do not think, in view of
