1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2223
inequalities were, in their estimation, the result
of long years of violence, fraud, and misgov-
ernment. Power had asserted its divine right
to dictate terms to t.he masses. It had been
overlooked, especially in practice, that gov-
ernments were meant to conserve the interests
of the governed, and that none, however weak
and defenseless, were to be deprived of the
privilege of shaving in their blessings. That
other notion, that the people were made for
the State, and not the State for the people, had
hitherto prevailed in almost all the seats of
power the, world over.
Our forefathers intended, so far as their
power and influence could reach, to put an end
to all forms of tyranuy and oppression, and
here m the New World, and under the auspices
of a beneficent Providence, to rear a Govern-
ment founded upon the idea " that all men are
created equal; that they are endowed by their
Creator with certain inalienable rights ; that
among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness." They did not at first achieve
all that they desired. They established a He-
public, but there were yet remaining under its
shadow chains and oppression, and practices
were tolerated, as the result of compromises
which seemed almost indispensible, that were
nevertheless abhorrent to the good men of those
revolutionary times. But so thoroughly was
the spirit ot' liberty infused into our whole
political system, and so prominent a place was
assigned to the principles of the immortal
Declaration of Independence, that the best men
of those times believed that in a few years all
remaining forms ot' oppression would vanish,
and that our Government would become in fact
what it was in name and theory, a Government
sustaining the equal rights of all, and affording
to all the equal protection of the laws.
Jefferson said that slavery was an anomaly
under a free Government, was against nature
and the justice of God, and must soon die out
among a liberty-loving people, and under a
Government which recognizes the idea that all
men are, with respect to rights, alike equally
endowed by tlxeir Creator; and Franklin de-
clared that-wherever slavery existed its very
presence exercised a debasing influence upon
human nature itself. So held the best states-
men among those who laid the foundations of
our Government and first administered its
affairs after the adoption of our grand Con-
stitution. Fortunate would it have been for
the American people, for modern civilization
and progress, had the fond anticipations of
these early and puie statesmen been realized,
and had those who came after them been per-
mitted to see the wrongs which at first were
only tolerated vanishing as the grea fprinci-
ples of freedom and equal rights became more
clearly and distinctly defined.
But unfortunately, while the great American
Republic was growing strong, and assuming
consideration among the first nations of the
earth, and while generally we were advancing
with the advancing tide of modern progress
and enlightenment, these fearful wrongs, iliese
defects in our national organization, these
excrescences which we were not able to throw
off in the hour that gave birth to our present
national Constitution, but which we hoped our
added vital forces would in a few years elim-
inate, began to gather strength and favor, and
to claim to be, it' evils at all, yet necessary
evils, and finally, advancing to higher consid-
eration, it was claimed that they were con-
comitants of the normal condition of our na-
tional life, and attendants upon the highest
order of civilization.
Step by step we had come to the anomalous
condition of the freest people in the world,
and the proudest boasters of our own liberties,
sustaining the most odious system of human
slavery ever known among civilized men, and
binding to perpetual serfdom millions of peo-
ple by natuie as clearly entitled to freedom
as ourselves, and this in the face of the Dec-
laration of Independence, in the face ot the
elevated and enlightened utterances t.o the con-
trary of the founders of our great Common-
wealth, and, though claiming to be par excel-
lence a Christian nation, in the face of that
golden rule which declares, " Whatsoever ye
would that men should do unto you, do ye
even so unto them." Nor is this all, but we
went to the Declaration of Independence, and
to the Constitution itself, and ransacked the
tomes of our national history with all the
sleepless vigilance and subtle ingenuity pecu-
liar to minds bent 011 making the worse appear
the better cause, to find some such sanction
of that which we would now perpetuate as
should make it appear at least plausible, if
not respeciable, in the eyes of the civilized
world.
And the Book of books was resorted to by
statesmen, politicians, and divines as well,
lhat, if possible, from that respectable source
some crumb of comfort might be drawn, ox-
some such show of approval found as should
enable the national conscience quietly to settle
down in the belief that one poition of the
huuiaii family was foreordained to be - the
slaves of the other, and doomed to yield in
pious resignation to whatever the moio for-
tunate might choose to impose upon them.
While, without doubt, it was the purpose
of the founders of our institutions to make all
the powers of Government subserve the inter-
ests of fieedom ; while it was their fond hope
that every vestige of oppression, and every
relic of misrule, which had so long cursed
mankind, should disappear from among our
people, yet alter the lapse of several Adminis-
trations we find freedom itself struggling to
maintain even an equal footing with slavery in
the boasted Republic.
Freedom had in a measure ceased to be the
great central idea in the national mind, and
the Democratic party, under its later Admin-
istrations, not content that the growth of
slavery should keep pace with that of freedom,
bent all its energies in the interest of slavery,
and demanded that it should itself become
national. The repeal of the Missouri com-
promise was to this end, and the Supreme
Court of the United States, swayed in the in-
terest of the advancing despotism, was swift
to declare that the colored man had 110 rights
in this country which the white man was bound
to respect. The doctrine that all men were
created equal had ceased to command respect
and recognition from the dominant party, now
wedded to the institution of human slavery,
and it boldly announced that our Government
in its inception was ordained to be a white
man's government.
But the strange deflection from the original
designs of the founders of free government in the
New World stopped not here. The great lights
and geniuses of the party reviled publicly the
social system of States based upon iree labor
and the absolute freedom of all the people, and
pronounced it plebeian and vulgar. They de-
nounced free labor, and declared that the indus-
trious mechanic and laboring man who were
endeavoring to build up their fortunes and
educate their families by their honest toil,
were but greasy mechanics and mud-:-iils of
society;" that the highest interests of polite
society, the noblest human development, re-
quired that capital should own the laborer,
whether white or black. Not content that
slavery should be considered a creature of
local law, a mere municipal institution or regu-
lation, they boldly demanded a recognition
of the doctrine that the Constitution carried
slavery by its own force wherever it went, and
that slavery was, equally with freedom, entitled
to intrench itself wherever waved the ensign
of the country.
Such was the drift, of national politics, such
the absurd ideas of the dominant party, when
the great Republican party sprang into exist-
ence. Already were fifteen States of this
Union under the complete dominion of sla-
very with their vast population, and a breadth
of territory equal to half the territory of all
the Slates, and to make reputable, and to per-
petuate it, all the forces of this great area, both
moral and physical, were subsidized to it inter-
ests. The pulpit, the press, and the literature
of the schools were mustered into its service,
and so sacred had it become, so absolutely "was
it regarded as the normal condition of society,
the highest order of civilization, that no crime
was considered as deserving severer or more
instant and exemplary punishment than an
open attack or unfriendly criticism upon its
character.
It absolutely now seems strange that any
portion of the descendants of revolutionary
times should have so widely departed from
original principles as to have conceived the
idea of sustaining wrongs of such a character
and making them the basis of a social system.
Yet so it was. And so deter mined were the
advocates of the system to accomplish their
purposes,.that they were ready to give up the
giand fabric uf self-government which our
fathers had reared, to dissolve the Union, and
abandon the flag and the Constitution, rather
than to allow their pet institution to be put in
jeopardy. To this state of affairs had the
Democratic party consecrated their genius and
their powers. The end of slavery they had
ceased to contemplate. They had consented
to the notion that government among us was to
be run in the interest of white men alone, and
privileged white men at that; that governments
were primarily for genteel people and men of
property, and that the vulgar common herd
of laborers and greasy mechanics should not
venture to approach familiarly, too near their
sacred precincts—a heresy so monstrous that
one can scarcely fathom the depths of its
terrible iniquity.
But, further, that slavery might be the more
securely piotected and intrenched, cotton
must be made king. To reach this result,
the cotton of the slave-holding States of this
Republic must control the markets of the
world. To this end it must be produced
cheaper here than in any other country. The
great manufacturing nations must be able
not only to obtain the raw material from us
cheaper than from others, but among us, as
the consumers of the manufactured fabric,
they must find a market without home coin-
petition. To be able to produce cotton cheap,
and crowd all other nations out of the mar-
ket, cheap provisions must be had to feed
the slave while producing the cotton. To
make provisions cheap all the people in the
agricultural regions-of the country must be
compelled to engage 111 the creation of agri-
cultural products. Manufactories of all kinds
must be discouraged as calculated to with-
draw a portion ot the people from agricul-
tural pursuits, and by creating a home market
enhance the price of provisions. Absolute
free trade became with the slave-holding
Demociacy a favorite scheme, whose known
tendency and purpose was to make us as a
nation wholly dependent upon other nations
for the products of skilled labor and the
mechanic arts, and to shut up our people to
one branch of industry chiefly, that of culti-
vating the soil.
This was a studied and deliberate attempt
to make ail other interests of this country
subsidiary to the one great business ot rais-
ing cotton, and making slavery perpetual, by
making the business of the world dependent
upon the products of slave labor. But its
iniquitous effect, foreseen and predetermined,
was to make iree laborers of this country
themselves the slaves of the slave system.
The policy of the Democracy 111 this regard
was a foreign one, as opposed to a genuine
American policy which should encourage a
home market for its surplus products by cher-
ishing a variety of industries, and thus more
successlulfy develop the vast resources which
a boundless Providence had placed within our
reach.
