1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
of citizenship, were to bereinvested with thoserights
and armeu with power to enforce their observance,
men whose every breath has been loyalty to the
Government, and all of whose blows have been di-
recred -to its maintenance, should not plead in vain
to those who labored with them, to those who suf-
fered and sacrificed with them for that legislation
proved indispensable to the freest enjoyment, of
those blessings which are the fruits of their joint
toils, sacrifices, and sufferings.
" Resolved, That what we demand of our country as
citizens of the United States is equality of rights under
its laws. As regards the duties and burdens of citi-
zens. we are made to bear and perform them in com-
mon with our white fellow-citizens, and we do so
cheerfully. If taxes are needed for the support of
Government, the levy is as heavy on our property
and labor as on those of white persons; if blood
be necessary to preserve our territorial integrity, a
musket is put into our hands and we are hurried to
the fiont with our white brothers; and therefore
what we ask, justice, to say nothing about humanity,
will readily concede is but a proper equivalent for
the cheerfulness with which wo have borne and dis-
charged the burdens and duties exacted of us as
citizens of the United States.
"Resolved,further, That Mr. Sumner and those who
are cooperating with him to place our rights upon a
safe and firm looting, have our confidence, our affec-
tion, and our thanks, and they will ever be held by
us and our children in gratetul remembrance."
These, sir, are public expressions. I add
to them a passage from a letter written by
Douglass C. GriQing, at Oberlin, Oliio. under
date of December IB, 1871. This letter is
important as directly meeting the allegation
so often made that this is a question of society,
when, as I always insist, it is a question of
equal rights, no question of society. Society
has nothing to do with it. This writer thus
expresses himself:
" We do not wish to force ourselves into American
socicty unwolcoined. Social equality seems to be
the bugbear at whi"h American justice is fright-
ened, and the colored man denied many public
privileges accorded to other American citizens.
"What we ask now, is simply equal public priv-
ileges, and that the social question be allowed to
regulate itself without the interference of the law
of any States. We hope that bill will beso framed
that the several States of the Union shall be pro-
hibited from passing or enforcing a statute which
makes invidious discriminations on accountof color.
"Wo desire social rights, so far as they are affected
by law at present."
I come now to the State of North Carolina,
which is represented on this floor by a Sen-
ator who recorded his name, according to my
recollection, against the pending amendment,
placing amnesty to rebels above justice to his
colored fellow-citizens. How that is regarded,
will appear from a letter which I have received
this morning from a member of the house of
representatives of North Carolina, as follows :
House op Representatives,
Raleigh, North Carolina, 15/7/ First, 1872.
Sir: I beg permission to tendor you my sincercst
thanks for all the favors you have done, and are still
doing in behalf of my race.
I thank you for the great watchfulness which you
\ have evinced already for securing the rights of the
colored people as full American citizens, though I
fully avow, sir, that such rights shall, and never will
be given us, until you have succeeded in passing the
hill which you are now arguing before the Senate
of the United States.
Sir, until that is passed all our so-called " free
rights'' are myth. They are simply "airy bubbles."
I have been made to suffer in more than one in-
stance upon the public carriage on account ot my
color.
Nor is mine an isolated case. All respectable
persons of color are daily suffering throughout the
length and breadth of this " tree America."
Here is an instance unparalleled in history (sacred
or proiane.) I am a member of the Legislature of
North Carolina. I passed a charter through the
house in favor of a steamboat company. On return-
ing home my only route is ort rhe line belong.ng to
the said company; and on this lam denied a first-
class passage; am consigned to a prescribed quarter
of the boat, a place set apart for " colored people
a place, sir, only suited for the meanest and filthiest
wretches on earth. Such are those which Americans
fit up for my race irrespective of wealth, education,
or gentility.
Sir, if I am a free citizen of this 41 grand Repub-
lic," why am I denied privileges which are given to
my white brother, although he might be the basest
culprit upon earth, and perhaps fleeing from the
arms of justice? Simply because he chances to have
a white skin, and mine by the same reason is black.
Because the Almighty wills that I should be black I
am denied the rights of a free citizen on the very line
established through my own instrumentality. Upon
another occasion I took passage on a steamboat. I
had a first-class ticket, but was refusedfirst-class ac-
commodation; and because X would not consent to
go below into the dirty department set aside for my
raco I had to sleep all night (as best I could) on a
seat in the saloon. The night was so bleak that 1
took a severe cold, and suffered severely for a con-
siderable time from the effects. I was on my way to
represent my people in the Legislature. Again, I
once saw a very respectable colored man and his
family, consisting of a wife and two small children,
denied first-class passage on board the United States
mail-boat. The gentleman having got on board with
his family, went into the cabin. He was told to get
out, buthedeclined. The manager, in order to avoid
carrying this family, took out the mailandsent it by
land to its destination. The boat was then carried to
anchor in the middle of the stream, and ail the water
drawn out of the water-casks, leaving the colored
family entirely without water and food.
The gentleman and his wife were highly educated
and respectable. Their vocation was teaching, and
none in the place stood higher in estimation lor re-
spectability and neatness in their general attire. The
gentleman is now clerk in the chancery court of
Warren county, Mississippi.
On another occasion my own wife was told to leave
the ladies' cabin, and to take her place in this dirty
hole set apart for colored persons, where the firemen
and lowest liands of the vessel slept at nights, situ-
ated generally near to the water-closet, and men are
continually passing to and from it.
Such, sir, are the privileges which we are at pres-
ent enjoying as free citizens of America.
For the truth of these facts I vouch; and for my
characterl can refer you to Hon. C. L. Cobb, or to
ex-Governor Holden.
Wishing you well in all your undertakings, I am,
your humble servant, ^ SYKES.
Hon. Charles Sumner.
United States Senate, Washington, D. 0.
I have also a letter from a person of familiar
name, H. R. Helper, dated at Salisbury, North
Carolina, January 1, 1872, from which I will
read a brief passage :
"The country needs speedy pacification and a last-
ing reunion, Your Civil Rights Bill and the Uni-
versal Amnesty bill enacted into law would do
much to hasten these desirable ends."
This is the testimony of a white citizen in
North Carolina; but this is not all. Among
the conspicuous citizens there is Judge Cant
well, who on January 1, (the anniversary of
emancipation) made an eloquent address,
which is published in the North Carolina
papers, from which I read a brief extract:
" The immediate passage of the supplemental civil
rights bill of Mr. Sumner, and the election of a Re-
publican President in 1872, arc still necessary, in my
opinion, to isolate and crystallize beyond disturb-
ance, dispute, or recall the rights then acquired. If
I were a colored man I should not cease to agitate,
nor would I feel safe until these results had al«o
been achieved. Thenceforward I think we may
anticipate for this country a permanent and un-
changeable organization of our political system,
based upon the free and cordial recognition of the
political individuality and equality of all men, irre-
spective of race and former condition. This the great
Magna Charta of your liberty I consider indispens-
able to any fixed constitutional adjustment, and
from them I perceive a future of untold and bril-
liant national triumphs, and the beginning of a new
eponh." + * -i * "The leaders of an
unsuccessful revolt are seldom propitiated by con-
ciliation, unless they have felt the exposures of war;
their loyalty is ordinarily measured by their fears;
their latent hostility is demonstrated by the secret
and mean attempts recently made to restrain the
freedom of opinion and elections, and to embarrass
the citizen in the exercise of his newly acquired civil
rights. The sooner these things are stopped and the
public mind impressed with the conviction that all
further struggles in thatdirection are hopeless—and
the passage of Mr. Sumner's bill will contribute to
that result—the sooner will mutual interest be devel-
oped, the animosities of race disappear as in Eng-
land, and our country resume its predestined and
inevitable and peaceful career."
Sir, in those words of this North Carolina
orator there is much that maybe a guide to the
Senate. He clearly sees what is needed for
our country, that we can have peace, final,
enduring peace, only on the basis of the equal
rights of all.
From the former slave State of North Car-
olina I pass to a constant fres State, Rhode
Island. I have here the report of a meeting
held in Providence on the 1st of January to
commemorate Emancipation, where certain
resolutions were adopted, of which I will read
one :
"Whereasthere are certain papers circulating in
the North, stating that the colored people do not
wish Senator Sumner's supplementary bill to pass
Congress: Therefore,
"Benolved, That we colored people pray earnestly to
God that this bill may become a law and cover every
inch and foot of this great Republic."
There was also a meeting at Newport in
Rhode Island, where resolutions were adopted,
some of which I will read:
That we, citizens of the State of Rhode
Island, do most sincerely pray that every member
of Congress will interest himself in our behalf for
lights and justice; and we appeal especially to the
Republican members, as we claim to be a compo-
nent part of that party, hoping that they may be
true and just to an ever loyal people, and not with-
hold from us such protection as will protect us in
our civil rights before the law; that by passing
such laws it affects the rights of nearly one mil-
lion legal voters in the United States of America
whose rights are now ignored.
"Resolved, That we instructtbe president and sec-
retary of this meeting to forward the above memo-
rial and resolutions to Hon. Charles Sumner, to
§ resent the same to the Congress of the United
tates of America, asking them in the name of a
hundred thouband martyrs of our race, who have
sacrificed their lives on the battle-fields of rebellion
that our country might live, to pass Senator Sum-
ner's supplement to the civil rights bill, that it may
beoome a law."
A colored citizen of Providence, Rhode
Island, Rev. William F. Dickerson, expresses
himself in a letter to myself as follows. I read
only a brief extract:
" We watch with pleasure and interest all that is
said or done in favor of your bill, and shall beseech
the throne of Almighty God that He may grant its
early passage."
A colored citizen of Rhode Island has fur-
nished me with a memorandum, in his own
handwriting, of an injustice to a colored family
which came within his own personal knowledge.
I read it:
" A few years ago a charming child, four years old,
died in Newport, Rhode Island. Its father sought
decent and unproscribed burial for its remains in the
cemeteries of the city. Ho was refused, and could
give it in that city interment only in a pauper's
grave. He lived by the ocean side. He resolved to
incase his darling in a leaden coffin and bury it in
God's grave-yard, the ocean, but the mother would
not consent. The remains were putin a vault and
finally conveyed for interment to another State."
Here is another instance mentioned by this
writer:
"Within a few years, a colored woman of exem-
plary character died in the citvof Newport, Rhode
Island. She was the member of a Baptist church.
It was admitted that she contributed more gener-
ously, considering her moans, than any other mem-
ber of herchurch. Hercharacterwas in accordance.
Her last request was that her remains should be
taken to her church,a white church. On the day of the
funeral services her remains were left in the vesti-
bule. They were refused admission into the church
because of her color. The very Bible used for the
services was presented by this member while living."
It is evident that this reform is needed in
Rhode Island as well as in North Carolina.
I pass now to Arkansas ; and here 1 read a
letter from a distinguished citizen of Arkan-
sas—I believe that the Senators from that State
will vouch for his character and his ability—
\V. H. Grey, a colored gentleman, an orator,
a strong Republican, and. a devoted supporter
of the present Administration. The letter is
as follows;
Washington City, D. C.,
January 9, 1872.
Dear Sir: The importance to us of the passage
of your supplementary civil rights bill cannot be
overestimated. To-day colored men in tho South,
acting in high and responsible positions, both State
and national, are often treated with less considera-
tion than favored servants in hotels and upon public
conveyances. In my recent trip from Little Rock,
Arkansas, to this city I w.is sold a fir^t-class ticket
at the depotin Memphis. TheMemnhisand Charles-
ton company permitted me to ride in their first-class
coaches, but the East Tennessee and Virginia roads
would not permit it, though I insisted. I was refused
a sleeping-car along the whole route, and for three
days and nights I was compelled to buy cakes, Ac.,
and subsist precariously along the whole lino of
these roads, every hotel and eating-house being
closed against me. .
It is said by some southern Senators that their
colored constituents do not ask the passage of this
bill. If you desire an expression of the wishes of
the colored people of the South on this subject you
will find it in their united prayer to you ( rom their
convention held in Columbia, South Carolina, in
October, 1871) to use the power of your influence in
the Senate ot the United States to procure the pas-
sage of this righteous act.
It used to be said the negro was contented and did
not want to be free. As to the correctness of such
assertions let mankind judge.
The colored people ot Aikansas, and, I may say,
the entire Mississippi valley, desire it; for they are
subjected to untold inconveniences daily, thereby
materially crippling their intercommereial inter-
course, now in its infancy, by reason of the preju-
dices of persons specially interested in amnesty.
It affords the people of my State especial satisfac-
tion to know that the Senators of Arkansas support
your bill.
No one truly patriotic, and whose philanthropy is.
