380
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Senate.
Extension of the Ku Klux Act—Mr. Blair.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
to trample on the rights of a State, of a Legis- j
lature ; to thrust out the elected members and j
thrust in men who were not elected. The ]
Senator will have to go far and make a great
many plausible excuses before he can bring
the people of this country to the conviction
'.hat the President is not responsible for the
act of his subordinate officers when he approves
their action by allowing them to remain unre-
buked, permitting the act to stand as performed
by his officer. He was responsible for the
violation of law; he is responsible for his
major general, and he will always stand
before this country responsible for that viola-
tion of law and responsible for the robbery
of the people of Georgia of $40,000,000 by
that thief Bullock.
Mr. HILL. I wish to remind my friend of
one fact that is involved in the declaration he
has made. I believe it was pretty well under-
stood in this country during the administration
of Andrew Johnson that he was opposed to
the reconstruction acts of Congress, and those
acts were carried out. as I understood, during
the Presidency of Mr. Johnson, in the year
1868, and up to his retirement from office, by
the General of the Army, who was then Gen-
eral Grant. It does not occur to me that the
President had any power over the General of
the Army in the administration of those laws.
Mr. BLAIR. The defense which the Sen-
ator from Georgia desires to make for the
President will not tempt me to debate the
question. If I recollect aright the telegram
sent by General Sherman, it was a direct
authority to General Terry to do this act,
and declared that it had the sanction of the
President.
Mr. HILL. In the telegram, if the Sena-
tor will pardon me, that I alluded to, I now
remember I asked General Sherman this
question ; I wrote it myself 
Mr. BLAIR. I am not alluding to that
telegram.
Mr. HILL. Well, let me make the correc-
tion, and then I will not interruptthe Senator
further. I telegraphed to know whether any
one claiming to be a member of the Legisla-
ture of Georgia, whose name did not appear
on the list of members contained in the proc-
lamation of General Meade, made in 1868,
could take a seat in that Legislature under the
act of Congress, and it was in response to
that that the General of the Army answered
me that I must go to General Terry for inform-
ation ; that he could not undertake to answer
the question.
Mr. BLAIR. I have no doubt that the Sen-
ator sent a great many telegrams, and that
other people sent a great many telegrams. I
am talking about a particular telegram, not
sent by him, but sent by General Sherman to
General Terry. That is what I am talking
about, and that telegram authorized General
Terry to do this thing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Has the Senator that
telegram in his possession ?
Mr. BLAIR. I have it not now, but I have
a distinct recollection of it.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
asked me for the telegram sent by General
Sherman to General Terry. I was not at the
moment able to produce it, but a friend has
banded it to me, and as the Senator was very
anxious about it I will now read it to him :
HEADQUARTERS OB' THE AeMY,
Washington, January 12,1870.
Brevet Major General A. H. Terry.
Atlanta, Georgia :
Your dispatch of this morning shown the President
and Secretary of War, and the result is in these words:
exercise your own discretion. If a flagrant case
arises, where a disqualified person proposes to take
theoath, inve&tigate the question of eligibility, and
determine for the time being his right.
W. T. SHERMAN, General.
"Your dispatch shown to the President and
the Secretary of War!'' The Senator is not
so anxious to hear it now as he was a little
while ago.
Mr. President, thus the State of Georgia was
saddled with a Legislature which she did not
elect by military force, in violation of law,
which the President approved beforehand and
afterward by not ordering it undone, and the
State was robbed of over forty million dol-
lars. I do not think this is a case of " conse-
quential damages." I think it is a case of
direct damages, for which the State of Georgia
has a direct claim to have the forty millions
refunded as having been stolen by the agents
of the Government of the United States, who
had the authority and power conferred upon
them to steal by the action of the Government
of the United States, by the illegal aud arbi-
trary act of President Grant.
In the State of Louisiana the debt and lia
bilities January 1, 1861, were $10,000,000;
the debt and liabilities June 1, 1868, $14,-
347,000; debt and liabilities June 1, 1871,
$41,000,000 ; with an excess of expenditure
over receipts in the year 1871 of $9,345,000.
Mr. KELLOGG. Before the Senator from
Missouri passes from the question of the finan-
cial condition of Louisiana and her present
debt, I desire to call his attention to one item,
if he will allow me. I am not disposed to
traverse in detail the allegations made in re-
spect to the amount of the State debt of the
State of Louisiana at the present moment;
but I do think, as the speech of my friend is
likely to go, as all his speeches do, to the
country, and is calculated, of course, to throw
some discredit upon the financial responsi-
bility  
Mr. BLAIR. I wish the Senator, if he is
going to interrupt me, would come to the
point and say what he wants to say without
further prelude.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to read a short
oyt7 q />+
Mr. BLAIR. Well, do it.
Mr. KELLOGG. I desire to interpolate in
the gentleman's speech a few lines of sworn
testimony by the Governor of the State, that
ought to be pretty good testimony for him at
the present moment. He says:
" The debt of our State, on which we pay interest,
is only $19,000,000, of which the State owns itself in
its trust funds over one and a half millions of in-
terest-paying bonds, which, if obliterated and the
bonds canceled, as they may be, our interest-paying
debt would only be about $17,500,000."
I think that ought to be pretty good authority
to a man who, on the 3d day of May, wrote,
as I see it stated in a New Orleans paper, to
the Governor the following note: "Give old
Whitehat a solid vote in the Cincinnati con-
vention." [Laughter.]
Mr. BLAIR. That shows he is getting
pretty honest. [Laughter.] I always knew
that if he quit the Senator's company and the
company of such bad people, and associated
himself with honest men, he would improve
very much. [Laughter.]
I come next to North Carolina. The debt
of North Caroliua in 1868 was $15,000,000;
debt and liabilities now, according to the Gov-
ernor's message, $34,837,467. That is an in-
crease of $20,000,000 for North Carolina.
I observe that the other day General Vance,
in speaking on the subject of the debts of the
South, by way of enabling the people to take
in this vast fraud which had been committed
against the southern States, said that the
whole amount of the debts imposed by car-
pet-bag governments upon the people of the
South was about two hundred and sixtv mil-
lion dollars, while the entire value of the
assessed property in the State of North Car-
olina was $140,000,000; so that the carpet
baggers in the South have stolen about two
such States as North Carolina since they got
possession in 1868. They have ruined, con-
sumed, eaten up and destroyed two States of
the value of North Carolina! How long will
it take them to clean out the balance?
Mississippi, in 1860, owed no debt that she
acknowledged. [Laughter.] January 1, 1870,
her State debt was $1,796,071 30. What would
have been her condition if she had fallen into
the hands of a carpet-bag Governor I leave it
to experience to speak. If Bullock, or if any
other of those cormorants had got possession
of her, the position of that State would have
been as deplorable as that of Georgia or South
Carolina.
Tennessee's debts and liabilities in October,
1861, were $20,000,000; debts and liabilities
January, 1871, $45,688,263. This has been
reduced several millions since the Democrats
turned out Brownlow.
Texas had no debt before the war. The
comptroller of the State, November, 1871, says
it is not less than $3,000,000. Debt and lia-
bilities, including railroad bonds, dow, ac-
cording to the proceedings of the tax payers'
convention, $17,000,000, while the taxation
imposed in 1871 was, as stated by the com-
mittee of that convention, $5,361,000 in one
year; an increase of debt from $3,000,000 to
$17,000,000, a taxation in one year of five and
a quarter millions.
Mr. President, I read these statements not
to excuse or extenuate the wrongs done by
any person of any party in any State. It is
impossible for me even briefly to sketch the
career of one of these State governments,
much less to show the wrongs that have been
inflicted on these people by all of them. But
it is a clear proposition that bad government
will make crime, and these governments are
directly responsible for all the disorders within
the South. And now to make these disorders
the pretext for legislation here which will give
the President control of the elections in the
country that he may keep himself in power,
is to take advantage of your own wrong.
You have robbed and plundered the people
of the South; you have provoked them to dis-
orders ; and now you mean, on the pretext of
these disorders, to make yourselves masters of
the election, to give the President the power
of reelecting himself. It is vain. The people
of this country have stood much. As long as
the issue presented was a sectional issue, the
northern people would do almost anything or
allow anything to be done which gave victory
and power to their section, and when only the
South was the sufferer. But the rebellion in
the radical party has extended beyond the
South ; it has broken out in your own strong-
hold ; and that is the danger which you now
fear, and which this legislation is to enable
you to countervail.
Mr. President, I feel that while I have not
done justice to this question as I ought to have
done, yet I have detained the Senate longer
than 1 should have done; but I cannot for-
bear before closing to read to the Senate a
paragraph which will show to them and to the
country to what uses the United States forces
have been put in the South, to what vile
purposes troops sent there under pretense of
maintaining law and order have been put in
the South, and by way of illustration I read
the testimony of a Republican in the State of
North Carolina, not because I think it better
testimony, but because it may be so consid-
ered by those who profess Republicanism.
At page 498 of the report will be found the
testimony of Elias Bryant, who was called by
a majority of the committee to testify in regard
to Kuklitxing some men and women, white
and black, "on account of their loyalty."
One William R. Howie, from Chatham county,
North Carolina, had been before the commit-
tee and had testified to the Kukluxing of meri
and women, white and black, because of their
loyalty. He detailed his suffering on account
of his political principles, showed how bravely
