1328
the congressional globe.
March I,
the interests of those people, and in view of
the interests of the Government itself, there
should be a refusal to appropriate this little
pittance.
The chairman of the committee says that if
it would continue the allegiance of these peo-
ple and good feeling toward the Government
he would be willing to continue it. Now, Mr.
President, 1 do not put it upon any such ground
as that. I believe the allegiance of these peo-
ple would not be affected by it one way or the
other ; but I do think there is an air of injus-
tice in this matter that ought to be looked to
and observed. We have prospective interests
there that ought to be attended to, and the
Government has prospective interests that
ought to be attended to also.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee
on Appropriations.
Mr. EDMUNDS, I should like to read
from the report of the Director of the Mint,
before this question is taken, what he says
on the subject of the amount of business done
at Charlotte, in the State ot' North Carolina.
This is the last report:
" Charlotte.—'The deposits at the branch mint at
Charlotto, North Carolina, have not been lnrf?e, and
I regret to say aro not increasing. The deposits, as
lierotofore, aro assayed and returned to depositors
in the lorin ot unparted bars. The deposits foi bars
during tite year wero, gold, ^81; silver parted
from sold, $ht5 31 ; total deposits, Sl^GGS a
deereasc i'l-om hist year ot 81.110 IB."
Now the question is, as the Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Pool] says, one of prac-
tical business, whether for a product of golfl
and a business of that extent of but little over
ten thousand dollars a year we can afford to
keep up a large property and carry it on under
the responsibility of the Government. More
money is obtained out of the gold-bearing rocks
of the State of Vermont, and has been lor sev-
eral years past probably, than this sum, and
yet the Vermonters have to send their gold
down to the eity of New York to get it turned
out.
I do not think this quarrying for gold, if you
can call it quarrying, mining Cor gold, where
ihe product, is so small, is a business that the
public interest ought to encourage. 1 doubt
whether it is of economic value to the whole
body of the people, i Ihink if the farmers of
North Carolina, and of Vermont too, would
devote their spare time to subsoil plowing and
to putting up tencos, their wealth and that of
their State would bo much more greatly in-
creased than in hunting for the precious motals
when the product is so small.
Mr. POOL. I would say to the Senator
from Vermont that he lakes into view only the
present condition of the mining interests of
North Carolina. If he would go back to the
figures before the war nnd see (lie amount
produced then, he would find that it was very
much larger than he supposes. That we shall
have A return of these mining interests in
greatly increased proportions I think is a mat-
ter of certainty. • The Government has build-
ings there now which cost $85,000. The
proposition is lo sell them and sell the ma-
chinery. They will be sold at an enormous
sacrifice; and it is my judgment that in less
than three years from this time, if this estab-
lishment is sold out. a proposition will carry
before Congress to have it reestablished at any
necessary expense, peihaps an expense larger
than one hundred thousand dollars. In the
meantime, until we can see what the develop-
ments are likely to be, I think the buildings
and machinery ought to be continued. The
establishment is doing some business, no great
amount at this time, J admit, nor is any other
branch of industry in the southern States
thiivfng at this time. Everything is languish-
ing. We do not, of course, think that this
state of things will continue. I think, as a
matter of fairness and right and economy, this
mint ought to be continued. The proposition
heie notonly is not to make the appropriation.
but to sell out the whole establishment at any
price that may be obtained.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Gommittee on Appropriations.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 17, noes 16 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. COLE. There are several Senators
here who did not vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays, not that I care so much about the little
mint of my friend from North Carolina, #hich
to be sure is an expense without a return,
but I ask for the yeas and nays with a view to
have the faithful recorded as being present
when we are considering an appropriation bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 24 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckingham, Chandler,
Cole, Conkting, JSdinunds, Ifrelinghnysen, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Texas, Howe, Ke.ly, Morrill of Ver-
mont. Pomeroy, Ramsey. Sehurz. Sherman, Steven-
son, West, Wilson, and Windom—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreinan, Cam-
eron, Clayton, Corbett, Davis of West Virginia,
Ferry ofMiehigan, Klanagan, Goldthwaito, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Harlan, llill, Hitchcock, John-
ston, Kellogg, Logan, Norwood, Pool, liiee, Robert-
son. Sawyer, Spenoer, and Viekers—24.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Brownlow,
Caldwell, Carpenter, Casserly, Cooper, Cragin, Davis
of Kontucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Ilamlin,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Pat-
terson, Pratt, Saulsbury, Scott, Sprague, Stewart,
Stockton, Sumner,Thurman Tipton, Trumbull, and
Wright—29.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD, Mr. LOGAN, Mr. NYE,
and Mr. SPENCER submitted amendments
intended to be proposed by tlietn to the bill
(II. R. No. 10G0) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes; which
were referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG gave notice that he would
submit as an amendment to the pending bill
the provisions of the bill (S. No. 577) to rees-
tablish the branch mint at New Orleans, or to
restore the same to the city of New Orleaais.
The proposed amendment was referred to
the Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER. I now move to lay aside
the appropriation bill temporarily for the pur-
pose of renewing my motion which I made
some time ago, that when the Senate adjourns
to-day they adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. COLE. I hope not.
Mr. SPENCER. I move to lay tins billon
the table for the present.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senate will not
agree to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable. The Senator from Alabama
moves to lay the present bill on the table in
order that he may then submit a motion that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope that after we
have wasted a fortnight in political discussion
and with so many appropriation bills before
us, and when we are so much behind the House
of Representatives as we are in the public
business, we shall sit here to-morrow.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is not debatable.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 22; as follows:
YBAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Caldwell, Cameron,
Chandler, Clayton, Davis of West Virginia, Forry
of Michigan, Frelinghuysen, Goldthwaite, Hamilton
oi .Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Hitchcock,
Johnston, Lewi?. Norwood, Nye, Pomoroy, Pool,
Ramsey, Iliee. Sehurz, Spencer, Stockton, Trumbull,
V ickers, and Wright—28.
NAi'S—Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Buckingham,
Cole, Conkling, Edmunds, Flanagan, Gilbert, Ham-
lin, Harlan, Howe Kellogg, Logan, Morrill of Ver-
mont,Robertson. Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Steven-
son, West, Wilson, and Windom—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Brownlow, Car-
penter, Casserly, Cooper, Corbett, Cragin, Davis of
Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Kelly,
Morrill of Maine, Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Pratt,
Saulsbury, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Thurman,
and Tipton—23.
So the bill was ordered to lie on the table.
PROPOSED ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. SPENCER. I now move that when,
the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet
on Monday next. *
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Rhode Island moves that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator will
first allow me to make a motion that we have
an executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us first vote on
adjourning over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Rhode Island.
Mr. CAMERON. I think he will yield.
Mr. ANTHONY. I would yield; but I
want to adjourn now, because I Want to sit
to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate is against
you.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not know whether
it is or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable. The question is on the mo-
tion that the Senate do now adjourn.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 18, noes 26.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
refuse to adjourn. The question recurs on the
motion of the Senator from Alabama, that when
the Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet
on Monday next.
Mr. CAMERON. Now I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Alabama.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe this question is
debatable." ["Yes!"]
Mr. HAMLIN. If it is not, make a point
of order and take an appeal, arid then it will
be debatable. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not surprised that
the opponents of the Republican party in a
solid body vote for this course of proceeding.
My honorable friend from Illinois, [Mr. TiiuJt-
isull,] who is the present leader of that oppo-
sition, answers me out of order by a suggest
tion of scorn and a laugh which becomes the
theater in which he has not been perhaps so
prominent an actor as he could have wished
for the past fortnight. When I say that the
opponents of the Republican party in a body,
to wit, the Democratic party and its allies, or
rather I should say its leaders, are determined
that we shall stay here and neglect the public
business by engaging in theatrical displays
over nothing from week to week, and vote
constantly against going on with the public
business which the people have sent us here
to do, and oppose our sitting to-morrow, just
as they opposed our agreeing upon a day for
final adjournment, I think it right that we
should take a little time, as it seems to be the
determination that we shall not do business,
to talk the thing over. I should like to hear
front the honorable Senator from Illinois, when
he can compose his risibilities sufficiently to get
the floor and address the Senate on this topic,
what is his method ot doing the public business.
Perhaps he feels that there will not be time
enough between now and the 29th of May,,
which is the day of adjournment we have pro-
posed, for him again to ventilate the Cincin-
nati platform and to demonstrate that it is one
