,4018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 29,
Mr. SAWYER. It was Supposed by the
Committee on Education and Labor that this
Congress had done sufficient in the line of
investigation, although there are some of our
friends who think there are many things yet
to be investigated. But there is no fear that
the President of the United States, if he should
be the distinguished man who now holds that
office, will not find men in the Republican
party amply able to perform creditably the
duties of the offices here created. We are
notafraid that he will be obliged to go out of
the ranks of that party to find competent per-
sons. If my friend from Kansas thinks it is
necessary to strike out this provision in order
to confiue the nomination to men of the Re-
publican party, he has a much meaner opinion
of the party than I have, or than I think the
President of the United States has.
But I do not wish to prolong debate on this
measure. I hope that we can have a vote on
this proposition and the other amendments
which are offered, and then incorporate this
provision into the tariff bill to which it natu-
rally and properly belongs.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall have a vote
now on the pending amendment.
Mr. HILL. I do not wish to prolong debate
on this subject; but I am amazed that such a
proposition ever came before the Senate of the
United States. I think the time has been,
thirty years ago, when it would have been
laughed out of the Senate of the United States
had it been brought here. Why, sir, what
will be done next? Shall we not have a com-
mission appointed to ascertain at what par-
ticular price in each State of the Union a
bushel of wheat or corn may be grown on the
soil of each proprietor of the land ? Shall we
not have a commission to ascertain how labor-
ers shall be dressed in the different climates
of this Uniou? In short, shall we not have a
commission to oversee the entire people of
this country, the proprietors of workshops and
of lands, the laborers in workshops, the tillers
of the soil, and every other class that we have
throughout this broad land ?
Sir, it was a most sensible remark, though
it cost him very dear to make it, of Martin
Van Buren in one of his messages to the Con-
gress of the United States, that the people
expected too much of their Government. If
that was true then, how much more true is it
to-day? What would have been thought thirty
years ago of meetings and congresses and pub-
lic assemblages to regulate labor and the
prices of labor throughout this country ? Who
heard of such absurdities thirty years ago?
What is it that this Congress will hesitate to
do if it enters upon a crusade of this sort?
I undertake to say that it was a most per-
nicious act, and an evil day, when the eight-
hour law was established for the laborers
under this Government. It has radiated and
run into all the private establishments of the
land, and the consequences are to be that
demagogues are to perambulate this country
and persuade the laborers, even in the corn
and cotton-fields, that they are not half paid,
although you should give them everything
they make ; and it will be easy to do it, for
ignorance is always credulous.
Why, sir, no statesman of any eminence in
this country would have dared, as I have said,
thirty years ago to be the father of a measure
of this sort, and to-night I am amazed to see
• that it can be treated as an innocent measure.
A proposition so grave and monstrous as this,
to pay three commissioners to ascertain the
relations between laborer and employer, how
much laborers are paid, whether their com-
pensation is adequate, and everything that
attaches to the relation between those two
classes 1 Where shall we stop ? What is there
in private life that shall be sacred from the
intrusion of this Government? 1 can imagine
nothing. We ought to have a commission to
ascertain how husbands and wives deport them-
selves throughout this laud, and to make a re-
port to Congress in order that they may cor-
rect anything wrong they may discover in that
relation. That would be more sensible, in my
opinion, than to undertake to regulate the ques-
tion of labor between employers and employed,
and quite as practicable. I would as soon
undertake to regulate households in their do-
mestic concerns as I would to interfere in a
matter like this. One is not more monstrous
to me than the other.
I have no patience with the idea of putting
three men upon this Government with salaries
each of $5,000 a year with a clerk with sal-
ary also, and with other supernumeraries that
will be needed, and I suppose to end in erect-
ing a standing bureau, or perhaps aDepartment,
in course of time.
Sir, it is not a fit subject for mirth. It ought
to be indignantly frowned down as an interpo-
lation in American politics, as unworthy the
age, and unworthy the statesmanship of this
country. I know there are gentlemen of prom-
inence in the country who have to deal ten-
derly with subjects of this sort. There are
conventions of busybodies in cities who make
nominations for President and Vice President,
and it is not everybody who can afford to at-
tack them. Thank Heaven, I have no aspira-
tions myself in that way, and can afford to
utter such sentiments in regard to them as I
feel.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, the
time was when the jokes of legislative bodies,
where they were not simply to relieve the
tedium of labor, never passed upon the record.
We have reached an era now when all'the
jokes of legislation are embodied in statutes.
A few sessions ago, late in the evening, on an
appropriation bill, somebody introduced a
proposition about a civil service reform com-
mission, authorizing the appointment of three
persons with a salary of four or five thousand
dollarsayear. That was nothing, only $15,000
a year of the public money ; it was not worth
being talked about for fifteen minutes; we
were in a hurry to pass the bill; and so it was
crowded into the appropriation bill; and out
of that we have seen a system which every
man I have ever heard express an opinion
about it regrets, and every other man is
ashamed of.
Now we have before us a proposition to
establish another set of officers; to do what ?
To execute what constitutional power of Con-
gress ? To do what that the Constitution
authorizes us to do? Nothing under heaven
but to become a roving commission to go
through this country and inform us how the
capitalists ought to divide with the laboriug
classes!
Sir, who are the laboring classes that you
propose to takeunderyoar protection? Where
do you begin with them? I do not know of any
more emphatically laboring class than this Sen-
ate. We are working here sixteen hours out of
the twenty-four. Is this commission in the first
place to determine how capital is to be divided
between the capitalists and Senators! No,
Mr. President, no, Senators; this is a humbug
of towering dimensions, and one that will come
home to annoy you every step you take in it.
Who are the laboring men of this country?
Are they looking to you to protect them?
Look to it, Senators, that the laboring men of
this country do not inquire after your sanitary
condition, what you are doing here, how you
are spending your time and their money. While
you are sending out a commission to investi-
gate them, they will be investigating you at
the polls.
Where is this thing to stop ? What is to be
investigated next ? Shall we not send out a
commission to ascertain how many fathers
whip their children too much, and how many
educate their children too little 1
Mr. President, there is nothing in this bill
to be serious about. There is nothing to build
a serious argument upon at aBy point. The
idea'that Congress is going to take care of the
laboring people of this country! My God!
sir; ten to one the laboring people of this
country will take care of Congress in a way
we shall not enjoy. [Laughter.] It is by
these insidious advances, step by step, that
the constitutional functions of Congress are
being utterly ignored, the duty which the
Constitution devolves upon us utterly neg-
lected and forgotten, and we are going roam-
ing in this knight-errant sort of process
through all the land, through all the regions
of sentiment, feeling, and emotion, investi-
gating to take care of the laboring classes.
The laboring classes do not want any care at
our hands. They will take care of themselves,
and ten to one they will take care of us also.
Mr. SAWYER. I did not intend to debate
this bill, nor say one word upon it; but let
me tell the Senator from Georgia and the
Senator from Wisconsin that if they think
to night the questions which it is proposed to
investigate under this bill are not questions
worthy of something besides derision they
will wake up one of these mornings and find
their error.
Mr. HILL. That is what 1 am afraid of.
Mr. SAWYER. Let me tell the Senator
from Georgia that although thirty years ago
such a bill as this would.not have been intro-
duced into the Senate of the United States,
and perhaps might have been scouted out of
this Chamber with derision, that day has
passed ; a change has come over the people of
the world which he will wake up to, and is a
revolution equal in magnitude to that which
has been experienced since those thirty years
have passed away.
Had this measure been introduced into Con-
gress thirty years ago, it would have been re-
ceived with much the same derision that a
measure for the abolition of slavery would
have been received. At that time if a man
had predicted that the revolution on that sub-
ject which has taken place in this country
would have come about, we all know what the
scorn and derision would have been.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. SAWYER. After I get through.
Mr. CARPENTER. It will be too late
then.
Mr. SAWYER. Let me tell the Senator
that, believe it or not, there is among tho
laboring population of this country a great
degree of discontent, whether well or ill
founded.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will the Senator
allow me to ask him a single question ?
Mr. SAWYEli. Allow me to finish my
remarks. I have but two or three minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina -declines to be inter-
rupted.
Mr. SAWYER. There is in this country
a feeling of discontent, whether well or ill
founded. You cannot get away from that fact.
1 do not say that it is well founded. I know
that when the Labor Reform party, as it is
called, meets in convention, a great deal of
twaddle is talked, a great deal of trash is
uttered. But the idea of the appointment of
this commission is, to have a proper set of
men to investigate the various facts of social
life which are strictly within the province of
the Government, which are brought into the
consideration of every tariff bill that is pre-
sented before Congress, which lie, indeed, at
the foundation of every tariff bill that is pre-
sented before Congress. I say it is to have a
commission which will investigate in a proper
manner those great social problems which
concern every man, woman, and child in this
country.
Mr. CARPENTER. Suppose they should
report that the laborer does not receive one
half what he ought to have; what are you
going to do about it?
