3120
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President 
Mr. WINDOM. I want to give notice that
I shall insist on adhering to the five-minutes
rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will observe that he has enforced the rule, but
when the Senate extends the time it becomes
the duty of the Chair to defer to the judgment
of the Senate.
Mr. WINDOM. I want to give notice now,
so that it will not be invidious.
Mr. POMEROY. We spent one day on this
subject before, and I want to vote.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not ranch like to
have this rule enforced after the friends of
the measure have occupied all the time they
desired.
I merely wish to say in regard to this sub-
sidy that it is not in the interest of commerce ;
it has no relation to the interests of commerce
whatever. I want my honorable friend from
Minnesota [Mr. Ramsey] the next time he
introduces a bill from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads to confine himself to
post offices and post roads, and let commerce
(which I do notthink he very well understands)
either go to the Committee on Finance or to
the Committee on Commerce. This measure
is not in the interest of commerce at all.
The Committee on Commerce had occasion to
investigate this subject, and we ascertained
that there was not and cannot be built up a
commerce between Australia and the California
coast. I hold in my hand a statement of the
whole commerce of Melbourne for three quar-
ters of a year up to June 30, 1870. The whole
exports from Melbourne, where this line is to
run, for three quarters of a year, were £3,572
19s., under $20,000—the whole exports from
Melbourne to the United States in the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1870.
Mr. President, you can run ships, you can
manufacture ice, and ship it by a subsidized
line to Alaska, but you cannot make commerce
by manufacturing ice and shipping it to Alaska.
You can subsidize a line to run from Califor-
nia to Melbourne, but you do not build up
commerce. There is nothing there you can
exchange. You might as well " carry coals to
Newcastle" and call that commerce as to
carry on any kind of exchange between the
products of California and Australia. If you
want to work in the interest of commerce, you
had better subsidize eight or ten large ships to
go around the Horn that will carry cargo.
• This is a job, nothing more and nothing less.
Here are a parcel of steamships ten years old,
that cannot run anywhere at a profit, that now
want to run in this Australian trade, and they
want to take the money out of your Treasury
to pay them for running. They cannot run a
rod on any water on God's earth without a
loss, and now they come here and demand of
you §5.000,000 out of your Treasury to make
up that loss.
Mr. President, I will never vote for any such
measure as that. If we must buy the:-e old
hulks, (and they are ten years old I am told,)
I am in favor of putting enough mtro-glycerine
into the bottom of each ship to send her where
one single payment will be the last. The ships
are old. You all know that wooden ships at
ten yearsof age are of very little value. That
is about the life of a wooden ship. Here we
have had, year after year, propositions for this
self-same thing. It has been before us now all
this year begging for pennies out of the Treas-
ury of the United States for running these old
ships that ought to be sunk. It will not be
done by my vote, sir.
Mr. NYE. I take it that they will not be
sunk from any nitro-glyceiiue that the Senator
has put in. I undertake to say ihat the Senator
does not know anything about these ships.
The ships are good ships, and rank in the in-
surance offices as A No. 1, and the Senator
from Michigan has no business to say that
these are old hulks and ought to be sunk. If
that is the animus of the Committee on Com-
merce, may the Lord save our commerce.
Such is the prayer at least of one who would
like to see commerce flourish.
Mr. CHANDLER. I merely wish to say
that these ships were built for an exceptional
trade. They were built to carry express freight
and passengers by way of Panama. _ When the
Pacific railroad was finished these ships became
useless; at least they ran at a great loss, and
they must run at a great loss anywhere. They
cannot carry a large cargo, but can carry a
great many passengers.
Now, Mr. President, it is proposed to sub-
sidize this line, for what? To carry the Eng-
lish mail, and you are going to pay $4,250,000
for the benefit of British commerce and not
for the benefit of American commerce. What
difference does it make to us whether the
British mails arrive in England ten days sooner
or ten days later?
Mr. NYE. Why do the British subsidize
their line, and why do they pay over twenty
millions on one line to carry mails and trade?
Mr. CHANDLER. Is the Senator aware
that Great Britain does not furnish her own
food? Is not the Senator aware that Great
Britain is purely a commercial nation?
Mr. NYE. Is not the Senator aware that
what has made Great Britain great in her Lon-
don docks to-day is American trade?
Mr. CHANDLER. Undoubtedly.
Mr. NYE. Then why not let us reach after
British trade ?
Mr. CHANDLER. It is perfectly well
known that with their cheap labor they can
undersell us in most of their products, and
until labor falls as low here as it is in Great
Britain we cannot meet her upon equal terms
in any one of her colonial markets.
A paper was sent to my desk yesterday or
to-day—the same paper may have been read
here—containing a statement of merchandise
entered in Australia. Among other things
were cottons. We imported and paid a duty
on four or five times as many cottons during
the same period as were taken from England
to Australia. We cannot compete, we know
we cannot compete there. They can under-
sell us; it is their own market. There are
some of our products that go there, but those
are heavy products, petroleum, some agricul-
tural implements, and they are shipped around
the Horn. It costs less to ship from New
York to Australia than from New York to
San Francisco.
Mr. NYE. I want to ask another question.
If there is no trade there that we are going to
reach, how does it happen that since this line
of steamers was put on it has sprung up as if
by magic the trade between Australia and
San Francisco?
Mr. CHANDLER. My friend from Con
necticut explained that, because of the extraor-
dinary demand for wool.
Mr. NYE. The explanation will not hold
good. The wool that grows there to-day will
come here to-morrow if we give it a chance.
It is British commerce that we are reaching
after.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. President, what is the
precise condition of the five-minutes rule?
Mr. POMEROY. I insist that the rule be
enforced.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator from Minnesota makes a point of order
the Chair will rule upon it. The five minutes
of the Senator from Michigan havejustexpired.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I have heard nothing
from any Senator that would induce me to vote
for this subsidy. As to the dilference of opin-
ion between tlie distinguished gentlemen on
the subject of these steamships, whether they
be good or bad, I feel little interest in that; 1
think it unimportant; but one thing I know,
it is our duty to look to the interest and the
condition of the Treasury of the United States.
It is certainly known that we owe a large debt,
and we must be just before we are generous.
If this proposition contemplated enabling the
United States the more readily to discharge
its great debt I would advocate it in an in-
stant.
There is a word used here that has quite
a charm to an American ; and that is, " com-
merce." Who is not in favor of commerce,
and a triumphant commerce upon the part of
the United States? The man does not live
who would dare to say that he was opposed to
it. But, as I think was well said by the Sen- -
ator from Michigan, I do not see, in the re-
motest sense, that commerce is to be aided by
this proposition ; but that the Treasury of the
United States is to be depleted there is no
question. That is understood.
I might illustrate, and, perhaps, if you please,
should this subsidy carry, I would be embold-
ened to introduce a proposition in the exten-
sion and behalf of the commerce of the United
States, and I think it would be about as ger-
mane to that great question as the one now
presented, and that would be to inaugurate a
company, A, B, and C. I see many faces
around here that I should like to have incor-
porated in it, and really I would not know who
to exclude, I have such a good opinion of the
whole of them; I would have no objection to
participating myself humbly. It would be this
take a small plantation in my State, or, if you
like, leave Texas and go to any of the north
western Territories and get up a little planta
tion there of about five million acres, fence it
buy sheep from our friends in Pennsylvania,
Connecticut, and elsewhere, get some fine
herdsmen, good shepherds' dogs, and good
wool growers and send them there; only ask
the United States Government to indorse our
bonds for about ten years and we would prom-
ise to pay the money back to them. We would
grow wool there, ten pounds for one that would
be received by the subsidy for starting these
vessels and continuing them for the time spoken
of. We would have the wool, it would be
domestic wool, too; it would be developing
the United States. There could be no chance
for anything but success in such an enterprise,
and, if this be accepted, if every proposition
is to receive the sanction of the Senate to the
tune of millions upon millions to build up, I
should propose to go into a large farm and
wool-growing operation or into raising cotton,
and this wool and cotton would not ask a sub-
sidy on the other side of the question to ship
it abroad; it would be at home. The northern
manufacturers could get hold of it without
difficulty, and I think that would illustrate the
question very well. I am opposed to this under
any circumstances.
Mr. WINDOM. I would be very happy to
make a speech on this subject, but in the hope
of getting a vote I decline to make a speech.
I rise to give notice that I will ask the enforce-
ment of the rule as to the number of speeches
each Senator may make.
Mr. CHANDLER. Would it be in order
to move to lay this amendment on the table?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. I make that motion,
and ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to inquire, for
information, if this amendment should be laid
on the table, would it be in order to renew a
similar amendment after the bill gets in the
Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It would be.
^Mr. RICE. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Mob-
kill.] If present he would vote "yea," and I
should vote " nay."
Mr. SAWYER. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Buckingham.] If present he would vote
"yea" on this proposition, and I should vote
" nay."
Mr. WINDOM. On this question I am
