2224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
Am I told that nevertheless the country in
the meanwhile experienced a rapid growth in
wealth and population? Granted; but other
nations have experienced great increase in
wealth and population,and, iudeed, of grandeur
and glory under the operation of policies con-
fessedly not the best, and even in the absence
of wise statesmanship. The energies of a
people, each one bent upon the improvement
of his own condition, have often made natious
great in spite of the blunders of their states-
men. But the first duty of good government
is not to reach after the acquisition of great
wealth aud magnificence, but to foster those
elements and influences which contribute to
national virtue, and the contentment, happi-
ness, and prosperity of the people.
One can scarcely understand how a people
who had breathed the air of freedom in this
country could have ever reached such a pitch
of madness and supreme folly. Yet this is
a part of the record of the party which had
controlled the country and given out polit-
ical ideas to the people for years when the
Republican party came into power. And this
great party of the people was not made to
order; the exigencies of the times called it
into existence. There were still remaining
those who had not gone over to the enemy;
who had not forgotten the lessons of history,
nor lost the spirit of the early times: who
believed that freedom, and not slavery, was
the normal condition of mankind; that the
greatest possible human elevation was incom-
patible with that order of society that com-
pelled one class ot men to toil for another
without compensation ; but, on the contrary,
the most rapid progiess in every substantial
interest affeciing the development of wealth,
intelligence, happiness, stability, and endur-
ing good is compatible with that social system
which dignities labor, which secures to him
that toils tiie hope of reward, aud protects
him in the security of peison and property,
and that equal liberty which enables him,
under the limitations and restrictions of just
laws, to pursue happiness in the manner best
suited to his own tastes and capacities.
The Republican pariy was organized in an-
tagonism wiih the dominant power. With
national freedom inscribed on its banners, it
walked I'orih upon the battle-field of thought
and action, it, however, struck at no vested
lights, it interfered witli no municipal institu-
tions, it made war against no franchises secured
under the Constitution. It avowed its purpose
to stand by the Constitution and maintain
inviolable the Union of these States. Its pur-
pose was to guarantee more certainly and se-
curely to the people and the individual States
all their rights and franchises. It made no
war even upon the institution of slavery where,
under the sanction of the Constitution, it was
protected and regulated by local State law. It
only protested, as it had a right to do, that the
vile, blasting curse should not force itself upon
an unwilling people.
The Republican party was, in its inception,
is now, and 1 hope ever will be, the sworn
enemy of all forms of oppression. When it
speaks it is in the interest of free men and free
institutions. When it legislates it is in the in-
terest of freedom and against oppiession. it
says to him who would arrogate to himself
rights and privileges which he would withhold
from another, "You are wrong. You are no
better by nature than other men. What to you
in the way of privilege is desirable is also de-
sirable to other men. It is as beautiful in the
eyes of justice for others to be happy, free,
and prosperous as for you ; and while we would
not restrict a single right of yours, nor rear a
single obstacle in the path of your prosperity
anuprogress, we say simply toyou, ' Hands off;
let other men also live and flourish ; let other
men enjoy, in peace and gladness, God's free
air, earth, and water. They may be ignorant;
no matter, God made them, and they are born
to progress if not downtrodden aud oppressed.
They may be of a lower type ; no matter, they
are men for all that, and they to us and we to
them are bound by the same high moral obli-
gations. Are they weak, degraded, and unde-
veloped? So much the more are they entitled
to the sympathies of the wise and powerful.
Weakness and ignorance, by no code, human
or divine, were ever known to work a forfeit-
ure of rights.'" Such was the creed of the
Republican party in the beginning, such is its
creed now. It would place disabilities upon
none but the violators of law. It says now to
all, without respect to race, color, or previous
condition, "Let other men alone in the peace-
able possession of their rights, mind your own
business, pursue your own chosen, lawful avo-
cations in peace as law-abiding citizens, and
let other men do the same." This we insist
upon, with this we shall be satisfied, and with
nothing less. It is the mission of good gov-
ernment to maintain such a state of affairs,
and when it fails in this it fails in everything
essential to good government.
The Republican party came into power with
these great principles of truth and justice
emblazoned on its banners. It, elected to the
chief magistracy a man whose sympathies
were with the struggling millions of our race;
whose life was animated by the most equitable
demands of natural justice; whose devotion
to the perpetuity of this Union was never for
a moment called in question; who in his
political faith knew no sectional limitations,
as the whole country was the object of his
supreme solicitude. His election was the tri-
umph of liberal views. It was an assurance
that the nation should be brought back to
original principles ; a pledge that henceforth
it should be run in the interest of freedom and
not in the interest of slavery and oppression ;
that under the starry banner all the subjects
of government should have a fair and equal
chance in the race of life.
It was not an indication, however, that
slavery should at once disappear, but that it
was likely to be restricted within its proper
limits, and not, by the fostering hand of the
national Government, become a thing of such
gigantic growth and overmastering influence
as ultimately to crush out liberty itself; and
the hope was begotten in the minds of good
men throughout the length and breadth of the
land that it might be placed in such a condi-
tion that its ultimate extinction, in a peaceful
way, might be looked for. It was a blot upon
the fair name of our Republic, a disgrace to
modern civilization, and at war with the pro-
gressive spirit of the age.
And why should not all hearts have rejoiced
that its power was checked, and its perpetuity,
with its long catalogue of crimes and enormi-
ties, to all human probability rendered prob-
lematical? But all Hearts did not rejoice.
On the contrary, the advocates of slavery, who
had determined to make its power aud influ-
ence paramount in this country, were resolved
not to submit to this decision of the American
people. Slavery was their idol, and having
failed at the ballot-box, they determined, in
the interest of that idol, to make war upon the
Government of their fathers. With this move-
ment the Democratic party was in sympathy.
The country was in imminent peril. Its in-
tegiity was threatened, and its very life was in
danger, while Democratic leaders were avow-
ing the miserable heresy that the national Gov-
ernment had no constitutional power to coerce
or compel obedience. All the machinery of
Government was well-nigh delivered over, by
the outgoing Administration, into the hands
of the enemy. What, now, was to be done by
the friends of the Government? To be pas-
sive and indifferent was to betray the trust
committed to their hands, and to allow the
great ship ot State, the pride and glory of our
liberty-loving ancestors, to drive till wrecked
forever upon the breakers.
To enforce the laws and to assert the su-
premacy of the General Government over all
its distracted territory, war, it seemed, must
inevitably follow. There was, however, but
one course to pursue as the dictate of wisdom
and common sense, and that was to assert and
maintain everywhere inviolably the supremacy
of the Government. It was supreme or it was
no Government at all, and the voice of the
people constitutionally expressed but a solemn
farce. It was now to be demonstrated whether
or not we had a Government of sufficient vital
force to take care of itself and preserve its
existence against the devices of both foreign
and domestic foes. The party of freedom was
true to the demands ot the terrible hour.
Planting itself upon the great fundamental
principles of the Constitution, relying upon
the justice of the cause and the ancieut virtue
and patriotism of the friends of the Union,
its mandate went forth that "the Union must
and shall be preserved," the majesty of law
maintained, and the decisions of the majority,
to whom the last appeal must be made, shall
be upheld.
And war did come. The pride and glory
of the Democratic party went into rebellion
against the Government which their fathers
had made, and which they themselves, with
but trifling intervals, had controlled and ad-
ministered for more than thirty consecutive
years. For four years this Government, on
account of the unfaithfulness of the old Dem-
ocratic party, was compelled to grapple with
the most fearful, causeless, and wicked rebel-
lion that was ever organized against the life
of any Government in modern times. Upon
the success of the Union arms depended the
salvation of free institutions, not only in the
New World, but also in the Old. Upon the
valor and endurance of our patriotic citizen sol-
diery who loved the Union, and with willing
hearts and minds rushed to arms, depended the
safety of the grand temple which our fathers
had reared, and amid the acclaim of mil-
lions of the downtrodden of earth had ordained
to be an asylum fur the oppressed aud the
home of the tree and the brave. Victory came
at last. Rebellion went down, am its prime-
moving cause went down with ifr. The ban-
ner once trailed in the dust by profane hands
was vindicated, and everywhere again waved
in proud triumph. The Union was not de-
stroyed, the national honor was maintained,
and the nation itself, though having passed
through fierce fires and seas of biood, stood
forth more proudly before the civilized world
than ever before. And to-day we are the wonder
and astonishment of all nations, and all over
the world, by reason of our recent brilliant
successes, there is felt, a higher regard for
Governments deriving their just powers from
the consent of the governed and amenable to
all the people over whom they exercise author-
ity.
In this fearful struggle, with a few honorable
exceptions, the ancient leaders of the Dem-
ocratic party were in sympathy with the enemy
and against ttieir country. \Ve could do noth-
ing to please them. While the war was in pro-
gress all our acts were, in their estimation,
unconstitutional. Their vituperations were re-
served, not for those who were moving heaven
and earth to pull down our glortousfabric of free
government, but for those who were beitmg
back the foe and battling in defense of the
nation's life. Yet, strange to tell, this same
party, the friends and sympathizers with the
late rebels, aud now cooperating politically
with the worst element among them, are ever
and anon, with matchless efl'tontery, asking the
American people to put them in power again.
In the name of consistency, I ask, what for?
_ Look at the history of this paity for the last
eight or ton years, and tell me what single act
as a party it has performed that should endear
it to the people. We are dealing now not
with individuals of that party, many of whom,
I doubt not, are men whose hearts and prac-
tical lives are better than their political
creeds, but we deal with the party, and I again
