1872,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
281
42d Cong.... 2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. King.
Ho. of Reps.
he bad resisted, how fearlessly he brought to
justice a rebel Ku Klux. He was a fair com-
bination of a hero and a martyr. Unfortu-
nately for him, an old Republican, Slias Bry-
ant, from Ins neighborhood, was called to testify
in regard to other matters, but it leaked out
incidentally tbat he knew all about the outrage
to whieh Howie had sworn:
"Question* You have spoken of this Howie case;
whut kind of fellow is Howie?
"Answer* X do not like to say much about him.
Mr. Howie cacao to my house about eleven months
ago; I looked upon hitn as a gentleman ; he said he
wauted to stay with me for three or four days. I let
him stay; after staying three or four days he paid
mo up like a gentleman.
''Question. What do people genernlly say about
him ? What is his general character?
"Answer. They generally speak very badly about
him.
"Question, That is his general character in the
neighborhood?
"Answer. Yes, sir; Mr. Howie has always acted
voiy gentlemanly with me; but his general charac-
ter through the country is very bad. lamboundto
say that. Due of the engineers came to me and told
me not to trust him; that he never paid up, and that
he was a man of no truth.
"Question. His character for truthfulness is bad?
"Answer. Yes, sir; that is what was stated to me.
I liked Mr. Howie myself. He always treated me
very gentlemanly. He is a citizen of Richmond
now. He left our neighborhood about the latter
part of April, and went to Richmond about the
timo the Buchanan case came up.
"Question. In the Buchanan case were both men
and women whipped?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. What kind of a house was that kept
down there? What was the general character of the
house and the people who lived there?
"Answer. She is an old woman who married and
had a good many children. About fitceen years ago
she had a black clntd. About three or four years
ago she was very poor. She citme to me, and I gave
her a pair of cart-wheels to work her oxen. They
did say (I do not know it to be so) that she drove
off her husband—a weak, pitiful kind of a follow.
She put up a kind of a distillery, making about a
gallon of whisky at a time. Her visitors are mostly
colored men.
"Question. Her bouse was frequented mostly by
colored men ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Shedrove her husband off?
"Answer. Yes, Sir.
"Question. She was a woman of a very bad char-
acter?
"Answer. Ye?, sir.
"Question. What was the character of the girls she
h;>d about her ?
"Answer. I reckon they were about the same.
"Question. Do you think it made much difference
whether white or black men came about there?
"Answer. No, sir.
" Question. Are not those women generally consid-
ered as strumpets ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; certainly.
"Question. The house is a house "f ill-fame and a
drinking-houso, frequented mostly by colored peo-
ple?
"Anstoer. Yes, sir; that is what the neighbors say.
Her neighbors aro generally what we call 'one-
horse plowers'—honest, straightforward citizens.
She is right in the center of them.
"Question. Is there not a good deal of complaint
of pilfering and of things going to her house from
the neighbors all around ?
"Answer. Yes, sir; a good deal.
"Question. Do you think her politics had anything
to do with her being whipped or interfered with ?
"Ansicer. No, sir.
"Question. Is it not one of those houses where
there is drinking, whoring, and such things as get
up disturbance m your country?
"Ansicer. As you call me out on that point, there
is one circumstance I will mention. There was a
woman namdd Godfrey who went to live with this
woman. I saw her in Raleigh the other day, in a
wagon with Mr. Howie. She had a little daughter
about fifteen or sixteen years old, I suppose. She
hired her out to a man na^ned Dave Wicker. I am
toid she is a very nice little girl. Her mother went
after her to go there.
"Question. To take her to this old strumpet's
house?
"Answer. Yes, sir. The little giri refused to go,
and told her she could not; that she had hired her-
self to thismao, Wicker, for a year. Wickerrefused
to give her up. The mother of this girl, who is a
poor woman, lives about two or three miles from the
house, I think it all grew out of that.
"Question. Out of this woman wanting to take
that child to the old strumpet's house and the man
refusing to give her up ?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. That was certainly no place to take a
young girl toj?
"An<swet. No, sir, it was not.
** Question. The character of that house was no-
torious all a?oun<J that neighborhood?
'Answer. Yes, sir; the neighbors all said so. i
have been to the house repeatedly when passing.
Question. You saw her at Raleigh the other
day?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. What did Howie bring her there for;
what were they doing together?
"Answer. Do you want to know all about it?
'Question. Yes, we do,
"Anrtoer. Mr. Howie came to my house, and said
he and Mr. Hull were going back; that they could
not be protected. Said I,' Mr. Howie, you and Mr.
Hull come to my house.' Mr. Howie owed me about
thirty-four dollars. He let Mr. Barnum have his
contract. Mr. Barnum was to pay his debts, and if
anything was left ho was to pay me. They went to
the headquarters of the company, and he turned
the contract over to Mr. Barnum."
These are the sort of men upon whose testi-
mony, or rather on whose statements of what
they profess to have heard, Congress is ex-
pected to hold eleven States and ten million
people under the provisions of the Ku Klux
bill, and at the mercy of the President and his
supporters during the canvass; for his reelection.
The minority sa/in their report on this testi-
mony :
"The whippings paraded by Howie, to avenge
which he was put in oommand of United States
troops, by Whose aid he filled the jail in Raleigh
with his enemies or those he desired to proseoute in
order to ingratiate himself with the Federal author-
ities, were such as any honest people would have
inflicted under similar circumstances. No man can
read the evidence of Elias Bryant without feeling
that Howie and his strumpets, in trying to force the
unfortunate daughter of one of these hags into such
a den of infamy as Bryant describes, to be the victim
of the lust of Howie tind his brutal associates, whito
and black, ought to have been whipped, and if
Colonel Shaffer had repeated .the dose when Howie,
with 'Old Sal,' the 'two girls, and the Godfrey
woman' appeared before him, instead of prostitut-
ing his office and the Army of the United States to
imprison the 01911, who had rescued the innocent
girl from the fate to which the brutes sought to
consign her, would have elevated himself in the
estimation of all honest men, even if he had been
dismissed by the authorities at Washington, for
allowing the opportunity to escape to raise the cry
of Ku Klux, and malign the character of the
people of North Carolina."
That, sir, is one of the uses and one of the
instances in which Federal troops under a cap-
tain and lieutenant were sent out to arrest
some of the people of the State of North Caro-
lina for rescuing a young girl from a den of
prostitution ; and these parties were put in
jail and indicted, and figure among the seven
hundred persons whose names are paraded
by the President to justify the declaration of
martial law.
Mr. President, I think this attempt of the
present party in power and its chief to retain
power by the military arm of the Government
is destined to a signal failure. We have had
intimations already that the people of this
country have been penetrated finally with alarm
and fn 1 ly appreciate the danger which surrounds
them. They have shown a disposition to throw
off the trammels of sectionalism and even of
partyism on both sides to rescue the country
from the impending danger. This is the
thing which has startled the party in power,
and lias driven them, after lying supine for
months, at this late hour of the session, to
bring forward tliis- bill authorizing the sus-
pension of the habeas corpus until the 4th
of next March, pending and throughout the
whole period of a> presidential election. My
judgment and nay conviction is, a-nd I be-
lieve it will be the .conviction of tbe whole
country, that it has no other motive. There
is no disturbance anywhere now that justifies
it. There is no insurrection, no rebellion,
nothing that even the President and his ad-
visers can construe into an insurrection or
rebellion. There is nothing that requires the
exercise of these extraordinary powers, and
nothing but the apprehension of defeat would
bring his partisans to force this measure
through Congress at this late" hour of the
session.
The country is sick fcnd tired of the rule of
bayonets and the robbery of military rings, the
mockery of elections under martial law. The ;
old spirit of independence 18 aroused ; tbe
fires of liberty have been rekindled; parry
trammels have been broken and cast aside,
and the craving for peace and a return
to the safeguards of the Constitution have
been signalized in the recent uprising of tbe
honest and earnest Republicans in their con-
vention at Cincinnati, and by the nomination
of a man for the Presidency whose name is a
symbol of reconciliation between the sections
and between the races. The alacrity with which
this overture has been accepted by the white
people of the South will demonstrate to all
candid men tbat the white people of the South
have no hostility to northern men who have
ceased to persecute them on account of their
devotion to the Union duting the recent war.
And this must open the way to a reconcilia-
tion between the sections of our country. The
support of Horace Greeley, the earliest and
most earnest friend of the colored race, by the
white people of the South, must convince even
the most ignorant negro that they have no in-
tention of depriving thera of their rights and
liberties, and will thus produce a reconciliation
between the races or that unhappy region.
Reconciliation will give us peace—not the
peace proclaimed by our military ruler, which
has come from the torpor of despotism, but
the peace produced by reconciliation between
the jarring sections of our country, and between
the exasperated races of the ruined South.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON. ANDREW KING,
of missouri,
In the House of Representatives,
April 27, 1872,
On thesubject of reconstruction and its results.
Mr. KING. Mr. Speaker, the legislation
of Congress in regard to the southern States
for the purpose, as declared, of reconstructing
those States and bringing them back into the
Union, presents a subject that commands the
attention of readers and thinkers of all classes.
Much has been said and written on this sub
ject, but when we look at it as it stands before
tbe world in all its ugly deformity and fatal
results to the country and the Republican
party, we see at once that much remains to be
said and written.
I propose to occupy a few minutes in con-
sidering this matter, and I do not know that
I shall be able to present anything new, but
I hope that may not deprive me of a hearing.
There is not much new under the sun, and
especially in regard to the science of govern-
ment. The memory of man is defective, liable
to forget disagreeable facts. 1 may refresh
the memory of some in what I have to say.
The injurious effects and results that might
follow the late civil war upon the States of the
South and the institutions of the country was
a subject that attracted the consideration of
some of the far-seeing patriots at the iuaugu-
ration of that unfortunate struggle. One of
those patriots was John fJjriitendenj of
Kentucky, a man of ¥fe]l-ba±an,qed intellect,
enriched with the experience of -forty years of
practicable statesmanship in best days of
the Republic. Critfeendisifi stood upbn a divid-
ing ridge, so to speak, bottfsen the conflicting
sections, and could see, as he believed, the
dangerous elements', ofi'feotfc. Me knew" that
the great C[ueati6as i«<e<tatraverser between the
sections wese vital and- intensely exei&mg;;
that they had been inflamed by the tires of
agitation for many long years, pradueiai^gre&t
bitterness and alienation of feeliog. HeJu&w
the high-toned, sensitive feelings of the south-
ern people, and also the reckless, morbid
fanaticism of the abolitionists of the North*;
