1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4017
Mr. SAWYER. The investigation is to be
only on " the subject ot' the wages and hours
of labor, and of the division of the joint profits
of labor and capital between the laborer and
the capitalist."
ill. CARPENTER. Have we got any
jurisdiction over that ?
Mr. SAWYER. Allow me to continue.
Mr. ALCORN. I wish to ask the Senator
a single question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina declines to be inter-
rupted.
Mr. ALCORN. I am sure he will answer
one question.
Mr. SAWYER. I hope the Senator will
allow me to continue ray remarks. I shall be
through m a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
declines to be interrupted.
Mr. ALCORN. I merely wanted to know
whether be proposed to apply the eight-hour
rule to Congress. [Laughter ]
Mr. SAVVYER, The investigation is to be
on ''the subject of the wages and hours of
labor, and ot the division of the joint profits
of labor and capjial between the laborer and
the capitalist, and the social, educational, aud
sanitary condition of the laboring classes of
the United States." The purpose is to find
out whether the legislation of the country
affects that condition. It is to find out whether,
by the influence of your tariff, labor is deprived
of part of its reward. It is to find out whether,
by your internal revenue system, one class of
labor is oppressed for the advantage of an-
other. I do not say that it is; but I tell you
that the subjects which this commission are to
investigate are subjects which lie at the bottom
of the well-being of the society of which we
form a part; and when the Senator from Wis-
consin says that we have nothing whatever to
do with them, I tell him then that we have
nothing whatever to do with the protection of
American industry, or the protection of the
rights which belong to any portion of the
community.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. WILSON. I did not suppose that we
should have a debate of this character here to-
night. I see nothing to get excited over in
this movement. This bill was originally drawn
by a gentleman of the other House who has
devoted a great deal of attention at home and
abroad to the examination of subjects concern-
ing labor. It passed the House of Represent-
atives with hai dly a dissenting vote. It is now
before us. I believe it to be a wise measure.
] believe that if the proper commission is ap-
pointed, and that commission makes a thorough
and careful examination and report, we shall
have before us in our legislation on questions
connected with the tariff, questions connected
with taxation, questions connected with bank
ing and currency, the public debt, and all
that class of legislation, a mass of information
which will be of great value, and in that view
I support it.
1 say to the Senator from Georgia that of
course thirty years ago nothing would have
been said or done here in regard to matters
of this kind ; and why? The doctrine here
Unity jears ago was that laboring men were
the mud-sills of society ; that they were essen-
tially slaves. Within thirty years the manu-
facturing and mechanical interests of this coun-
try have increased from six or seven hundred
millions to four thousand millions ayear. With-
in ihat period you have built sixty thousand
miles of railroad aud put three thousand mil-
lions of money in them. Within that time
vast labor interests, capital interests, produc-
tive interests and forces have been put in oper-
ation. It is well to get what information we
can on these subjects.
There prevails in the country, it is said, dis-
content. All I have to say about it is that
the condition of the masses of our people has
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 252.
been wonderfully improved within twenty
years. The hours of labor have been largely
diminished ; the proceeds of labor have been
largely increased. The masses of our toiling
people live better now than at any other period
in the history of the country. They are not
content to live as they lived a generation ago ;
and I am thankful for it. I think all that in-
telligence, science, and skill can do, should be
brought into requisition, so that the improve-
ments already obtained shall be held and new
achievements made in the interest of the toil-
ing millions of the country. I have no fear
that we are to enter on any wild crusade. I
think accurate information on all these ques-
tions will allay much of the feeling and the
talk not based on intelligence and knowledge,
that now pervade the country. What we want
in these matters is intelligence, fact, truth, and
not wild theories, not reckless assertions ; and
I believe the true policy is to make a good
commission, give them abundant time, and
then we shall have a mass of facts that we
can put some reliance upon, that we can refer
to and quote here as authority.
Mr. CASSERLY. Is the question now on
the amendment of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the
amendment of the Senator from Kansas to
the amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina.
Mr. POME ROY. My amendment was to
strike out the last paragraph of the first sec-
tion.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have spoken once on
that amendment. I shall not violate the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kansas to the amendment.
Mr. ALCORN. I appeal to the Senator
from Kansas whether he desires the yeas and
nays on so immaterial a question as that?
Mr. POMEROY. I am willing to take the
yeas and nays on the whole thing as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, let us have theyeas
and nays on this proposition. I believe they
have been ordered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CALDWELL. I do not mean any dis-
respect to the honorable Senator from South
Carolina when I say to him that when I first
heard the remarks made upon this bill I sup-
posed it was a joke; but after listening to the
earnest speech of the Senator from South Caro-
lina, I am convinced that he is in earnest in
trying to pass this bill, and since I have been
convinced of that, I have been lookingthrough
the bill to see what I could make out of it. It
provides—
That said commissioners shall receive an annual
salary of $5,000 each, shall be authorized to employ
a clerk at an annual salary oi' §1,400, and shut 1 report
the result of their investigation to the President, to
be by him transmitted to Congress: and there is
hereby appropriated, for the payment of said sal-
aries, $1(3,400, and SI,000 in addition thereto for
stationery and postage for the use of said commis-
sioners.
About all that I see practical m this bill is
that it appropriates $16,000 out of-the Treas-
ury of the United States, aud employs three
or four men at large salaries; the rest of the
bill 1 do not consider very practical. I do
not, care how many commissions you may
appoint to regulate the price of labor or
to decide upon the proper division of profits
between labor and capital, they will amount to
nothing at all. Supply and demand alone will
regulate these matters; and the Senator from
South Carolina is not wise enough, and there
is no other man or set of men in this country
wise enough to regulate these matters.
The Senator from Massachusetts says he
sees nothing to get excited about in this bill.
I do. I think that such laboring men as the
Senator from South Carolina and myself may
have something to gain by this if we can insist
upon a division of capital with our labor. I
think the whole thing is a mistake.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not propose to look at
this proposition as one that is intended to reg-
ulate the price of labor; but 1 do wish now
to recall the recollection of the Seriate to some
questions that we have been discussing in this
body, and to show that the information which
may be obtained by the labors of such a com-
mission as this would bear directly upon those
questions; and if it is proper to institute a
legislative investigation for the purpose of
obtaining information to influence legislation
upon any subjects, it is upon these.
In the discussion of the tariff how often has
the question been raised, what are the com-
parative rates of wages between various indus-
tries in Belgium, in France, and in the United
States? For instance, take the wages of
labor in the iron industries of Belgium; take
the wages of labor in the brickyards and in
the earthenware manufactories of England,
how much they are there, and how they com-
pare with similar wages in this country ; that
has been often a question of dispute, and when
you come to regulate the rates of duties for
the purpose of preventing ruinous competition
between the labor of Europe and the labor
of this country, what is more proper than
authentic information for the purpose of in-
forming you what the difference between these
rates of wages is?
Again, if you would wish to legislate on the
subject of finance, the allegation is made that
our financial system is calculated to throw
undue advantages on the side of capital and
undue burdens upon labor. What the practi-
cal operation of that financial system is, is a
proper subject of inquiry for just such a com-
mission as this.
Now, on both these subjects, if Senators
will remember, and go back to the report of
the Bureau of Statistics when we had that
bureau, this fact was stated in that report as
a reason for not giving us statistics on these
very questions, namely : that when the head
of that bureau sent out a letter of interroga-
tion to the various industrial establishments
of the country they refused to give him that
information, aud he had no power to procure
it, no power t,o bring before him witnesses and
examine them, no power to go himself to
institute the investigation. Here were sub-
jects upon all of which information would
have been useful for the purpose of influencing
legislation ; and as the Senator from Wiscon-
sin proposes to put this upon constitutional
gronnds, I will say that if these questions enter
into our legislation, certainly we have a right
to get the information upon which we may act
in that legislation.
I do not propose to enter upon this subject
as a sportive subject. It is a serious subject
in its bearings upon practical legislation, and
I think the money would be well spent in pro-
curing authentic information upon these ques-
tions without regard to anything that may be
said in the way of appeals to the laboring
class or to capitalists or to any other class.
The information which we shall get by a pro-
per commission may be of far more value than
the money spent in obtaining it.
Mr. LOGAN'. I do not want to treat this
subject lightly, but. I cannot see in all the rea-
soning I have heard a good reason yet for this
commission. We have in the different bureaus
of the Government here men furnishing statis-
tics in reference to all the classes of labor and
everyrbing of that character. In fact, our
census report furnishes us sufficient to guide
us in reference to the different classes of labor
in the country, not how it is regulated as to
price or anything of that kind, 1 admit: nor
will any commission be able to do that. The
very fact stated by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vrnia proves that this proposition in this bill
will be a futile attempt to acquire information.
He referred to the fact that persons going
around to procure information for the purpose
of giving statistics to the country where it may
affeet capitalists or manufacturers or different
