1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3121
faired with the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
'belinohuysen,] at his request. If he were
■' here he would vote to lay it on the table, and
" I should vote against the motion.
s- ' Mr. CASSEKLY. I wish to state that the
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] is
l paired on this question with the Senator from
) Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry.] The Senator from
Connecticut, if here, would vote "yea," and
: the Senator from New Jersey would vote
- "nay" on this motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
- resulted—yeas 21, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald
well, Cameron, Chandler, Conkling, Cooper. Flan-
agan, Goldthwaite. Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,
Logan, Norwood, Saulsbury, Scott, Sherman, Ste-
venson, Trumbull, Viekers, and Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Casserly, Clayton, Cole,
Corbett, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry ot Michigan,
Gilbert, Hill, Kellogg, Kelly, Morrill of Maine, Nye,
- Osborn.Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sprague, Stewart, West,
J and Wilson—20.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Carpenter. Cragin, Davis of Kentucky,
Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut. Frelmg-
huysen, Hamilton of Maryland, Hamlin, Hitchcock,
Howe, Johnston, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
■ ton, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ransom, Rice, Robert-
son, Sawyer, Schurz, Spencer, Stockton, Suianer,
Thurman, Tipton, and Windom—33.
• So the motion wa3 agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to move an amend
ment to the bill, to strike out the third section,
it now being superfluous. The contract bill
for the Post Office Department has passed both
Houses embodying the same section verbatim.
Mr. WINDOM. I have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NORWOOD. I move to amend the
bill on page 5, at the end of section one, by
inserting the following:
■ To pay Augustine Bacon, of Georgia, for services
as a post route agent, $437 69.
Mr. WINDOM. Iraise a question of order
on that.
Mr. NORWOOD. I will state that this is
to pay an amount under a bill which has already
passed, but there is no fund out of which to
pay it without an appropriation. It is in pur-
suance of an act passed at this session of Con-
gress.
Mr. WINDOM. I think it is a private
claim.
Mr. NORWOOD. It is to carry out an ex-
isting law. I ask the Secretary to read the
paper I send to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Clerk's Office. House Representatives,
Washington, J). C., May 3,1872.
This certifies that in a message received by the
House of Representatives from the President of the
United States it was announced to the House that
an act lor the relief of Augustine Bacon, being
House bill No. 528, second session Forty-Second
Congress, had become a law by limitation of law,
without his signature.
Mr. NORWOOD. A copy of the bill is on
the Secretary's desk. It was sent to the Pres-
ident some days ago, and on the date named
in that paper the act became a law by reason
of the President taking no action upon it.
The ten days expired, and it became a law in
that way. Now, this amendment is simply to
provide a fund to pay this amount for which
the act was passed.
Mr. WINDOM. Does not the bill itself
provide for the payment of this amount?
Mr. NORWOOD. The bill says "out of
any fund," and application has been made to
the Postmaster General, and he says there is
no fund out of which to pay the amount.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not hear the Sena-
tor fully, but I should like to inquire of him,
if the bill became a law, why this man did not
get his pay?
Mr. RAMSEY. There was no appropria-
tion in the bill.
Mr. NORWOOD. The bill passed at this
session. It was in the hands of the President
for ten days, and by operation of the Constitu-
tion became a law without'his signature.
Mr. MORTON. And I understand the
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 196.
Senator to say there was no appropriation in
the bill ? 1 * F
Mr. NORWOOD. I ask the Secretary to
read the copy of the bill which he has before
him.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
. " Be -'t enacted, &c„ That the Postmaster General
is hereby authorized and directed to pay to Augustine
Bacon the sum of $437 69, for services as route agent
on route No. 5674, performed under appointment by
the Postmaster General in 1865 and 1866,which amount
is due said Bacon, as appears by the books of the
Post Office Department, and remains unpaid in con-
sequence of the inability of said Bacon to take the
test-oath, as prescribed by act of July 2,1862; and
the same shall be paid out of any moneys of the
Post Office Department not otherwise appropriated."
Mr. SHERMAN. I have not a doubt that
this claimant can get his money without an
appropriation.
Mr. NORWOOD. I have offered this
amendment in consequence of a statement
made by a member of the House who had
charge of the bill there. He said he had
made application to the Department, and
they said they had no fund out of which to
pay it.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is an appropriation
out of the Post Office fund.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Georgia that in this
very bill there is an appropriation of $5,449,001
to supply deficiencies in the Post Office De-
partment for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1873.
Mr. RAMSEY. For purposes already spe-
cified in the bill. This requires an additional
appropriation. Otherwise it would deplete that
fund too largely.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This amend-
ment seems to be to carry out the provisions
of an existing law. The law, which the Chair
has examined, certainly requires that this
person shall have his pay, to be " paid out of
any moneys of the Post Office Department
not otherwise appropriated." The Senator
states that the money has not been appropri-
ated for this object.
Mr. SHERMAN. I presume prior to the
passage of the deficiency bill the Post Office
fund was entirely exhausted, but I have no
doubt there is money enough now to pay this
claim since the deficiency bill has passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit the question to the Senate on the
adoption of the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Minnesota whether he expects
the Senate to sit this bill out to-night?
Mr. WINDOM. I hope they will do so.
Mr. MORTON. I hope so, too.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish, if it be neces-
sary, to reserve the amendment in regard to
the Australian line.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment was laid on the table, and it will have to
be renewed, because it could not be reported
to the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. I wish to reserve the
amendment in relation to the Pacific mail.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to reserve
the amendment on page 3, lines forty-nine
and fifty, striking out "a printed request to
return the letter to the writer," and inserting
the words "if not delivered in— days return
to  I think the committee them-
selves will consent to return to the phrase-
ology of the House bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana desires to reserve the amend-
ment in regard to the Pacific mail, and the
Senator from Minnesota reserves the amend-
ment in regard to printed matter upon stamped
envelopes,
Mr. VICKERS. I should like to reserve
also the amendment in reference to the China
and Japan line.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That has been
reserved already by the Senator from Indiana
under the name of the Pacific mail, as it is
called.
Mr. POMEROY. As these amendments
are all reserved, it is very evident, that we have
got to debate the ground all over again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ator submits a motion, if there be no objection
the Chair will first take the question on con-
curring in all the amendments except those
reserved. If no other amendment is reserved,
the question is on concurring in the other
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole.
The amendments were concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first reserved
amendment is in regard to the Pacific mail.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
nn cj n aoc
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
consideration of the first reserved amend-
ment, the Senator from Kansas moves that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. ANTHONY. I understand that the
Senator who has charge of this bill asks us to
sit it out to-night, and we might as well have
the debate to-night as any other time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion for
an executive session is not debatable except
by unanimous consent.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 20, noes 18.
Mr. MORTON and Mr. ANTHONY called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered ;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 20;
as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Casserly, Cole. Cooper,
Corbett, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry ofMichigan,
Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Harlan, Ilitchcock, Nor-
wood, Nye, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Spencer. Sprague.*
Stevenson, Stewart, Viekers. West, and Wilson—22.
KAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clay ton, Conk-
ling, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Howe, Kellogg,
Kelly, Logan. Morton, Osborn, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey,
Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Windom, and Wright—20.
AB S I'j N T—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Blair,
Brownlow, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Car-
penter, Cragin. Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Fen-
ton, Ferry of Connecticut, Frehnghuysen, Hamilton .
of Maryland, Hamlin, Hill, Johnston, Lewis. Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont. Patterson, Ransom,
Rice, Robertson, Schurz, Stockton, Sumner, Thur-
man, Tipton, and Trumbull—32.
So the motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE SKOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the report
of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(H. R. No. 1060) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 1666) to establish
certain post roads.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 973) to
fund certain liabilities of the city of Washing-
ton existing June 1, 1871, and to limit the
debt and taxation in the District of Columbia.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills; in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 2683) to grant additional
compensation to the marshal of the district of
South Carolina for the period of four months
and ten days ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2685) to establish an addi-
tional laud district in the Territory of Dakota.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and after five minutes
spent therein, the doors were reopened, and
(at five o'clock and seventeen minutes p. in.)
the Senate adjourned.
