3122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 7, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
house BILLS referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2683) to grant addi-
tional compensation to the marshal of the dis-
trict of South Carolina for the period of four
months and ten days, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 2685) to establish an
additional land district in the Territory of
Dakota was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. KELLOGG. Now, I ask the unan-
imous consent, of the Senate to take up Sen-
ate b>ll No. 58. I think there can be no objec-
tion to it. It has been read already and is
just ready to be put upon its passage. I ask
it as a favor of the Senate. I feel that there
will be no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pendingthe call
for peliuons, the Senator from Louisiana asks
unanimous consent to call up the bill in regard
to elections in Louisiana.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I object.
&lr. -BUCKINGHAM. I ask the Senate to
take up .Senate bill No. 944, to provide for the
claim of the Pottawatomie Indians residing in
Michigan and Indiana, subject to the morning
business. ,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Connecticut asks unanimous consent to take
ap ilie bill named by him, which has hereto*
. fore been made a special order, subject to the
morning business. Is there objection?
Mr. KELLOGG. 1 understand that the
Senator from Connecticut [Mr. Feuuy] objects
to my request.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the other
Senator from Connecticut who makes this
request.
Mr. KELLOGG. Then I shall have to ob-
ject by pruxy for Mr. Ferry. [Laughter.]
1'KTI'L'IONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of
citizens of the United States praying the adop-
tion of certain measures by the Congress of the
United. States to provide ways and means for
collecting and disbursing the charities of the
benevolent who may wish to remember the
suffering Persians in their adversity ; which
was referred to the Committee ou Foreign
Relations.
Mr. WIN DOM presented three petitions of
citizens of Minnesota, lale soldiers of'theUuited
Slates Army, praying lor the equalization of
bounties; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Milnary Affairs.
Mr. SCO f T presented nine memorials of
bankers and other citizens of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, relative to the plans and meas-
ures ol Oliver Evans Woods for securing the
safe deliveiy of letters transported by mail:
which were leferred to the Committee on Post
utfices and Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
the Untied States, praying appropriate legis-
lation prohibiting^ the manufacture, import-
ation, and sale, ut intoxicating liquors to be
used as a beverage among ihe Indians and
inhabitants of the western Territories and the
soldiers there stationed, as far as the jurisdic-
tion of the (jeneral Government may extend;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of late soldiers
and «ai!or.s, praying that industrial homes
and training schools may be established for
tin* < rpiiaiis of soldiers and sailors who served
in.the Army and Navy of the United States |
in the war of the rebellion ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Education and
Labor.
Mr. BLAIR. I present additional papers
in the case of Mrs. Delilah Robertson, widow
of John H. Robertson, late private com-
pany C, eleventh regiment Missouri State
militia, piaying for a pension. A bill (H. R.
No. 1208) granting a pension to Delilah
Robertson came from the House of Repre-
sentatives, and was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions of this body, and reported
adversely upon. I ask that the bill may be
referred back to the Committee on Pensions
in connection with these papers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the bill will be recommitted, with
the papers, to the Committee on Pensions.
ltlSPOttTS OJf COMMITTEES.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
740) granting a pension to the widow of the
late Admiral Farragut, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R No. 620) for the relief of Thomas C. Martin,
Emilia E. Martin, Jane G. Martin, and Leonor
Martin, children of J. B. Martin, deceased,
have directed me to report it back, with a
recommendation in favor of its passage, and I
think if the Senate will give me two minutes
it will be sufficient to pass the bill and dispose
of it. With the permission of the Senate I
will state the character of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is a private
bill reported from the Committee ou Foreign
Relations, and the Senator from Maine asks
unanimous consent for its present considera-
tion, and desires to explain it. If there be no
objection, he will proceed.
Mr. KELLOGG. I must object. I gave
way yesterday for my honorable friend to pass
a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made and the bill will be placed upon the
Calendar.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(II. R. No. 546) for the relief of Charles F.
Tracy, reported it without amendment.
Mr. LOGAN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, praying that James
B. McLaughlin be granted an increase of pen-
sion, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, the evidence not being sufficient;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petition of Eliza Shelton and
others for a pension, and also the bill (S. No.
184) granting pensions to Eliza Shelton, Nancy
Shelton, Ceretia Metcalf, Nancy King, Patsey
J. Shelton, Sarah Metcalf, Cloa Shelton, and
Mary Franklin, and their children under the
age of sixteen years, asked to be discharged
from their further consideration, the commit-
tee having been unable to procure any testi-
mony that these parties were recognized by
the United States Government as having been
mustered into the United States service; which
was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLAYTON (by request) asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1081) granting to each offi-
cer, soldier, seaman, and marine who served
the United States in the late war of the rebel-
lion, and who was honorably discharged there-
lrom, a certificate warrant for public lands;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1082) to change the name of the pilot-boat j
Ihree Brothers to Adaliza; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
committee on steamship subsidies.
Mr. CHANDLER. I offer the following
resolution :
Resolved, That a select committee of five be
appointed by the Chair to investigate and report
if any steamboat lined should be subsidized by the
Government; and if so, which lines and to what
extent.
Mr. President, we are acting in the dark
upon the question of subsidies, and I think the
Senate ought, to investigate the whole subject.
I do not wish to go on this committee myself.
My friend from Connecticut [Mr. Bucking-
ham] has probably given more thought and
more study to this subject than any other mem-
ber of this body, and I should like to have
him upon it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Let the resolution be read
again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will be read. It requires unanimous consent
for its present consideration.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. KELLOGG. I shall have to object to
that, Mr. President.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
will lie over. Senate resolutions are still in
order.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the District
school bill.
Mr. KELLOGG. I object. TheChairhas
not announced that the morning business is
closed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
of the impression that he had formally an-
nounced the close of the morning business;
but there seems to be great competition forthe
floor. The Chair will now announce the close
of the morning business.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts first addressed the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed with the consideration of the Dis-
trict school bill.
IRA BUCKMAN, JR.
Mr. FENTON". I ask the Senator from
Massachusetts to give way for one moment until
I ask unanimous consent of the Senate to
place on the Calendar the bill (H. R. No. 897)
for the relief of Ira Buckman, jr., which was
reported from the Committee on Patents with
a recommendation that it be indefinitely post-
poned. I was not present when the report
was made, and I ask that the bill be placed on
the Calendar with the adverse report.
The VICE PRESIDEN I\ The Senatorfrom
New York asks that the bill referred to by
him be placed on the Calendar with the ad-
verse report of the committee, although it was
indefinitely postponed in his absence. The
Chair hears no objection, and it is so ordered.
The question now is on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Spmxeb.]
EQUAL RIGHTS IN SCHOOLS.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I hardly
know whether I ought to object to taking up
this bill at this time. I moved an amendment
on the last legislative day but one, and re-
quested to have it printed and the order was
made ; but the Printing Office seem to be so
crowded that it is not among my papers 
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is now here,
the Chair is informed.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. . That is all
right, then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the molion of the Senatorfrom Massachu-
setts, that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of Senate bill No. 365.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
