382
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 27,
Ho. of Reps.
^Reconstruction—Mr. King.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
and desiring, above all things, to preserve the
Constitution, the Union, and the integrity of
the States, he presented his celebrated and
patriotic resolution of July 22, 1861, to the
House of Representatives. That resolution
defines and declares the objects and purposes
of the war, and was presented to preserve the
Constitution and shield the Union from dis-
ruption and the evils of ''reconstruction"
that have been bro'ightupon the country since
the war closed. Some of my Republican
friends who voted for this resolution would no
doubt prefer that it should sleep in silence.
Their record since that vote was given is such
that they would be glad to forget it; but they
must excuse me for refreshing their memon.
The resolution reads as follows:
" Resolved, That the present deplorable civil
war has been forced upon the country by the dis-
unionists of the southern States, now in revolt
against the constitutional Government, and in arms
around the capital; that in this national emer-
gency Congress, banishing all feeling of mere pas-
sion and resentment, will recollect only its duty to
the whole country ; th.it this war is not waged npon
our part in any spirit of oppression, nor for any pur-
pose of conquest or subjugation, nor purpose of
overthrowing or interfering with the rights or estab-
lished institutions ot those States, but to defend
and maintain the supremacy of the Constitution,
and to preserve the "Union with all the dignity,
equality, and rights of the several States unim-
paired; that as soon as these objects are accom-
plished the war ought to cease."
This resolution was adopted the day after
the Bull Run battie, when the war was raging,
by a vote of 122 for and 2 against it—almost
unanimous; Republicans, Democrats, and Con-
servatives all voting for it. On the 25th of
July t.he Senate adopted the same resolution.
It is interesting to refer to the names that,
passed that famous resolution in contrast with
their acts since.
WAR DEMOCRATS ASK CONSERVATIVES.
One of the results of the adoption of this
resolution was to give relief to the minds of a
large portion of the people, especially to that
class that has been known since as Conserva-
tives aud war Democrats. There was a fear-
ful apprehension pervading the minds of many
patriotic persons as to the objects of the war
and what would be its results. This resolu-
tion defined the object and declared what
should be the result when the war ceased, and,
therefore, that large class of sturdy men who
were not willing to enlist in an abolition war,
but were ready and willing to fight for the
Union under the Constitution, saw their way
clear upon the adoption of this resolution, and
came forward and tilled up the armies of the
Government and pressed forward the terrible
conflict.
And just here I may remark that it is
quite amusing, as well as absurd, to hear
the claim set up and asserted that the Repub
licaus put down the confederacy; that the
Republicans saved the Republic, &c., when
the fact is well known that no victory of any
note was gained until after the adoption of the
Crittenden resolution, and General George B.
McClellan, a war Democrat, was placed at
the head of the armies of the nation, and filled
up his tanks with Conservatives and war Dem-
ocrats. Let me not be misunderstood. All
I claim is the truth of history, and justice.
I do not deny that Republicans did their duty,
but they did not do it all.
But to return. If the leading features even
of this solemn public pledge, made to a con-
fiding people, had been kept in good faith by
Congress, a reference to it now would not be
necessary. But inasmuch as it has been bro
ken and wantonly disregarded by the very
power that adopted it, and as the country, and
the southern States especially, have been made
the victims of this great wrong, and now stand
before the world degraded and robbed of the
rights guarantied to them by the Constitution,
and reaffirmed by said resolution, I deem it
proper to inquire into the causes, and see if
there was any necessity for the adoption of
the reconstruction measures in order to keep
and perform the pledges given in said resolu-
tion ; and, not wishing to extend these remarks
beyond reasonable bounds, I will pass over
the action of Congress during the war, and
proceed by short inquiries since the war.
SOUTHERN STATES ABOLISHED.
And first, was it necessary, to maintain the
Constitution, preserve the Union, and keep
the Crittenden pledge, to overthrow and abol-
ish the State governments of the South, and cre-
ate in their stead military districts, and estab-
lish a military despotism over the people after
the rebellion was put down and the war had
ceased? And was that high-handed measure
adopted by authority of the Constitution or
the Crittenden pledge? I submit to the
Radical party to-day, in all candor, the above
inquiries. Oaths and solemn pledges made
to the sovereign people are sacred things, and
ought not to be broken or disregarded. No
answer in justification of said acts can be
given. But I have an answer from one high
in authority, whose evidence will not be ques-
tioned, showing that it was not necessary to
do anything of the kind. I refer to Lieu-
tenant General Grant, now President of the
United States. General Grant, after a care-
ful examination of the condition of the south-
ern States, made under a resolution of the
Senate, reported to President Johnson on the
18th December, 1865, the result of that exam-
ination, from which I make extracts, to wit:
" I am satisfied that the mass of thinking men of
the South accept the present situation of affairs in
good faith. The questions which have heretofore
divided the sentiments of the people of the two
sections, slavery and State rights, or the right of a
State to secede from the Union, they regard as hav-
ing been settled forever by the highest tribunal-
arms—that man can resort to. I was pleased to
learn from the leading men whom I met that they
not only accepted the decision arrived at as final,
but, now that the smoke of battle was cleared
away, and time has been given for reflection, that
this decision has been a fortunate one for the whole
country, they receiving like benefits from it with
those who opposed them in the field and in coun-
cil."
And on the point of establishing military
power in those States the distinguished wit-
ness shows there was no necessity for that, in
the following language taken from said report:
" There is such universal acquiescence in the au-
thority of the General Government throughout the
portions of the country visited by me that the mere
presence of a military force, without regard to
numbers, is sufficient to maintain order."
In that report General Grant stated the
facts as they existed which have not nor
could not be denied. It follows, then, of
course, that these high-handed and unpro-
voked measures, by which those sovereign
States were stricken down and driven from
the Union, were not necessary to preserve the
Union and the Constitution, nor to uphold
the Crittenden pledge. And it also follows,
of course, that the actors and promotors of
this great national outrage violated the Con-
stitution they had sworn to support, and broke
the solemn pledge they had given to the coun-
try in the Crittenden resolution.
NEGROES PUT IN POWER.
And again, was it necessary to preserve the
Constitution and the Union that by means of
these military despotisms and the Freedman's
Bureau system the political power of those
States should be placed in the hands of the
ignorant and illiterate negroes, the villainous
scalawags and carpet-baggers? The war had
ceased. The supremacy of the Federal Gov-
ernment under the Constitution was complete.
What reason can be assigned in justification
of this'additional daring violation of the great
charter of liberty ; and how can any man
having any respect for the science of civilized
government, and sound statesmanship, under-
take to vindicate this reckless policy of the
party in power? Here was an intelligent
civilized people, accustomed to rule and ad-
minister the affairs of State, a conquered peo-
ple it is true, but a people who had given in
their adhesion in good faith to the Federal
Government, and distinguished for their honor
and integrity in the most elevated walks of life.
And yet this is the people that is put under
the heel of ignorance and corruption. With
all due respect for the official petition of the
party in power, I must be allowed to say that
the only way to account for this extraordinary
policy is to assume that the spirit of " Old
John Brown," that is said to be still on the
"march," entered into the gentlemen of
"great moral ideas," and prompted thein to
adopt this policy in order to carry out "Old
John's" raid upon the South.
I pass on, and state that I find in the same
category the civil rights act and the enforce-
ment acts, both of which are unauthorized
by the Constitution and in direct violation of
the Crittenden pledge, neither being necessary
to preserve the Constitution, but on the con-
trary a death-blow to "the dignity, equality,
and rights of the several States."
AMENDMENTS TO THE FEDERAL CONSTITUTION.
And again I ask, was it necessary, to pre-
serve the Constitution and the Union, to pro
pose and force upou the country by corruption
and fraud the fourteenth and fifteenth amend-
ments to the Federal Constitution? You
must excuse me, gentlemen, for persisting in
the effort to hold you up to a decent respect
for the Constitution of our country. I know
that it is very disagreeable to you ; I know
that constitutional men have been scorned and
sneered at as traitors to their country, and all
that, but I do not intend to be driven from
my support of the great and glorious old char-
ter of civil and religious liberty by the scoffs
and sneers of the "higher-law" men of the
party in power or any other party.
But to return. The thirteenth amendment,
setting the negro free, was virtually accom-
plished by military power and the proclama-
tion of the President during the war, and was
ratified by the lawful State governments of the
South after the war and before they were over-
thrown by military power, as stated above.
FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT.
The fourteenth and fifteeuth amendments
were forced upou the country after the South
was subdued, when there was no necessity for
it, to preserve the Union, and at a time when
the States of the South were debarred repre-
sentation in both branches of Congress, and
had no voice in proposing said amendments
for adoption. And what are those amend-
ments? How do they affect the "dignity,
equality, and rights of the several States?" It
is well for the people to inquire.
The fourteenth amendment is a sort of jum-
ble of "civil rights" for the negro aud " dis-
abilities" for the white man, which, being in-
terpreted, means that the negro is a gentleman
and can do very much as he pleases, but the
white man cannot be trusted to hold office or
have anything to^ do with State or national
Government; or, in other words, this amend-
ment, together with the fifteenth, confers civil
and political rights upon the negro, and takes
away civil and political rights from the white
man, and these two amendments, and the laws
enacted to enforce them, following after and
being substituted for the military despotism
and Freedmen's Bureau system,have completed
the drama of taking the powers of Government,
State and national, out of the hands of the in-
telligent, responsible people ot the South and
placing those powers, as stated above, in the
hands of the ignorant and the corrupt. And
yet my Republican friends are astonished that
this profound system of "reconstruction"
should have produced corruption, bankruptcy,
and Ku Klux Klaus in those States. The third
