2226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
umphantly sustained by the American people
through a series of the most eventful years
ever known before in our national history.
Now, has anything happened during these
eventful years that has in anywise ennobled
the American name? Has anything trans-
pired upon this continent within these recent
years to give new and increased confidence in
Governments based upon the popular will ?
Has anything occurred within the last decade,
and in these ends of the earth, to inspire with
new hopes the friends of freedom and progress
in other lands? Have our eyes beheld any-
thing transpiring in our midst which has had
a tendency to elevate and dignify individual
manhood? If so, surely nothing of this kind
is attributable to words spoken or deeds done
by the Democratic party. If the Democratic
party has itself in the mean while experienced
any elevation of ideas, if indeed it has made
any steps forward in progress. I am sure it is
not in this regard open to reproach, as it has
been dragged onward in spite of itself and its
unfortunate instincts ever leading it in an op-
posite direction by the overmastering force of
popular sentiment. Aud yet, strange to tell, it
aspires still to the coveted position of ruling a
country it once led to the verge of ruin, to
be rescued iuthe hour of its extreme peril by
other hands.
But here let me remark in passing, as I do
not mean to do injustice to any one, that there
were individual members of the Democratic
party who were true to their country in its time
of need. They have always had my regard
and my supreme gratitude. But I cannot free
myself from the most serious regrets that such
men should ever have been persuaded to give
their countenance and support to a political
organization whose record for the last twenty-
five or thirty years cannot be written without
bringing shame and disgace upon themselves,
if not upon the country they have so meanly
served.
At the close of the war a work of magni-
tude and responsibility almost equal to that
of putting down the rebellion devolved upon
the party in power. I refer, of course, to the
work of reconstruction. When the people in
those disorganized States went iuto rebellion
they not only threw off their allegiance to the
national Government, but they overthrew
their old Slate governments, or at least so far
modified them as to bring them iuto harmo-
nious relations with their new rebel govern-
ment. Whether this and the State govern-
ments under it should be permanent or not
depended solely upon the success of the rebel
arms. These triumphant, would have sustained
the claim to recognition as established insti-
tutions, but defeated and dispersed, the gov-
ernments they were intended to subserve of
necessity shared the same fate. These peo-
ple were therefore at the close of the war with-
out any other governments than such as were
exercised over them by the immediate power
that had subdued them. Military rule arises
out of necessity, and should never be con-
tinued longer- than the continuance of the
necessity that calls it into being. It was there-
fore of the first importance that civil gov-
ernments should be established among them
with as little delay as possible. The work of
reestablishing demolished government has, in
all times, been regarded as a very serious and
perplexing one, and it was with us the more
perplexing as the subject was new, and tbe
elements to be manipulated were heterogene-
ous and discordant. The great starting-point,
however, was found in that language of the
Constitution which declares that—
"Tho United States shall guaranty to every
State in this. Onion a republican form of govern-
ment."
But as these governments, under suitable
enabling acts, were to be organized by the
people themselves, one great difficulty was to
determine wisely who among them were enti-
tled to and could safely become the deposito-
ries of privileges and powers, the exercise of
which was indispensable in the formation and
working of the new State governments.
Here was the great ground of controversy,
and it has proved to be the most exciting one
that has ever occupied the attention of the
American people. The Democratic party,
true to its old habits, and its old political
alliances, was in favor of immediately reha-
bilitating their old rebel friends, and clothing
them with all the rights which they had lost
by their treason, and which with infinite scorn
and contempt they had themselves abandoned
as worthless when they went into rebellion.
When the last hope of treason had perished ;
wheu the last rebel army had succumbed to
the resistless power of the Government, and
the beaten and disheartened soldiery of the
lost cause were returning to their homes, both
they and the people generally manifested a
strong disposition to acceptthe situation, return
to the arts of peace, and expect only such a
measure of mercy at the hands of the Govern-
ment which they had spent four years to de-
stroy as might generously be meted outto them.
They never for a moment seemed to feel that
they should be consulted as to tbe modes of
rebuilding that which they themselves had with
ruthless hands thrown down ; and we believe
that had the life of the great man, who as Chief
Magistrate had performed his part so well
during the terrible strife, been spared another
four years, the work of reconstruction would
have been comparatively easy. So strongly
had he intrenched himself in the hearts of the
American people, and so thoroughly had even
the enemies of the country become convinced
of the kindness of his heart and the rectitude
of his purposes, that his influence in all mat-
ters looking to the reestablishmeiit of State
governments upon the bases of justice and
equal rights to all would have been overwhelm-
ing. But ill the mysterious dispensations of
Providence he passed away, and another, the
very opposite in point of nobleness of character,
as he has proved himself to be, came to his place
of power only to exhibit how emphatically
true it is that one sinner destroyeth much good.
He with infinite assurance, confident that he
was equal to the mighty task, began the work
of reconstruction. He had from the day he
took tbe oath of office as President, April 15,
1865, till the Thirty-Ninth Congress met on
the first Monday of Decembcrlollowing, carried
on the work. He had, in his opinion, brought
it to completion. But in the opinion of nearly
everybody else, but more especially of those
who had contributed to his elevation as Vice
Piesident, he had succeeded in producing a
most miserable abortion. His reconstructed
governments were really instruments of op-
pression, and in the hands chiefly of the very
people who had spent four years in treasonable
enterprises. Their legislative codes were a
disgrace to civilized communities, and were
absolutely at war with tbe fundamental prin-
ciples of liberty and equality as guarantied to
the citizens of this country under the Con-
stitution.
One code of laws was intended to apply
to one class of citizens, and another to an-
other class. The original Union men of the
South and those who had gone thither after
the war closed to take up their abodes were
proscribed, and the freedmen, the former
slaves of those who were now restored to
power, were, under the new order of things,
reduced to a condition-more hopeless, if pos-
sible, than their former condition as slaves.
They were proscribed as to their rights of
both person and property, and under the
State governments thus established taxed
without representation, required to bear the
burdens of government without the privilege
of a voice in the management of them, and,
placed under the legalized surveillance of the
superior race, who preferred their continued
degradation, they were actually deprived of the
exercise of the rights of freemen.
To have allowed such a state of things to
continue would have been to insult justice, and
to make freedom and free government in this
country a mockery in the eyes of the civilized
world. Under Mr. Johnson's regime, in the
States lately in rebellion it became unsafe for
southern Unionists to acknowledge that duting
the war they had given aid and comfort to the
Union armies. Those who had been our
scouts and spies, who had led the flag of their
country through deviousand hitherto unknown
pathways, were despised as men who had be-
trayed their neighbors; and almost everywhere
in the South whoever were known to have en-
tertained a love for the old flag and the Union
of the States, or were known to have worn the
uniform of their country, became so intensely
hated that they were, for their own safety,
subjected to the temptation of concealing their
former views and affiliations. Under the flag,
even the bold defenders of that emblem of
our national greatness, were denied recogni-
tion and the exercise of their equal rights. The
Thirty-Ninth Congress overthrew this misera-
ble muddle of misgovernment. It declared
all persons born or naturalized in thfe United
States to be citizens of the United States, and
of the State wherein they reside, and entitled
to the equal protection of the laws everywhere.
In refusing to admit the States organized un-
der the direction of Andrew Johnson to their
equal rights under the Government, with all
their unequal and prescriptive provisions of
law, Congress held the following language,
which I quote from the majority report of the
Reconstruction Committee, at whose head was
Hon. William Pitt Pessenden, a man whose in-
tegrity and ability, it is confessed "on all hands,
has rarely if ever been surpassed by any one
whose life aud opinions have hitherto illus-
trated the history of our country. This report
was adopted by the Thirty-Ninth Congress,
and it became the basis of the great work
of reconstruction which followed, and which
resulted, finally, in the restoration of all the
States lately in rebellion to their equal places
in the fellowship of States. This is the lan-
guage :
" That Congress would not be justified in admitting
such communities to a participation in the govern-
ment of the country without first providing such
constitutional or other guarantees as will tend to
secure the civil rights of all citizens of the Republic;
a just equality ot representation ; protection against
claims founded in rebellion and crime ; a temporal y
restoration of the right of suffrage to those who
have not actively participated in the efforts to de-
stroy the Union and to overthrow the Government;
and the exclusion from positions of public trust of
at least a portion of those whose crimes have proved
thetn to be the enemies of the Union, and unworthy
of public confidence."
In justification of reasonable delay in rehabil-
itating these communities till it should appear
that in good faith they had accepted the results
of the war, were content to live in peace and
harmony with the people who had remained
loyal to the Federal Government, rea iy to
extend to all classes of citizens equal rights
and privileges, and conform to the republican
idea of liberty and equality, the following for-
cible and reasonable expressions were held.
I quote from the same able report:
"Having voluntarily deprived themselves of rep-
resentation in Congress for tho criminal purpose of
destroying the Federal Union, and having reduced
themselves by the act of lovying war to the condi-
tion of public enemies, they have no right to com-
plain ot temporary exclusion from Congress; but,
on the contrary, having voluntarily renounced the
right to representation, and disqualified themselves
by crimes from participating in the Government,
the burden now rests upon them, before claiming to
be reinstated m their former condition, to show that
they are qualified to resume Federal relations. In
order to do this they must prove that they have
established, with the consent of the people, repub-
lican forms of government in harmony with ihe
Constitution and laws of the United States, that
all hostile purposes have ceased, and should give
adequate guarantees against 1'uLure treason and re-
bellion—guarantees which shall prove satisfactory
to the Government against which they rebelled, and
by whose arms they were subdued."
