18*2.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
388
42d Cong.,..2d Sess.
jReconstruction—Mr. King.
Ho. op Reps.
section of the fourteenth amendment contains
the disfranchising clause that deprives a large
portion of the people of the South of their
civil rights and places them in a position of
semi-slavery.
SOCIAL EQUALITY.
Another objectionable feature of this amend-
ment is found in the first section, which reads
as follows :
" No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of oitizeus
of the United States.
And in this I find another deadly blow
struck at the " dignity, equality, arvd rights
of the several States," which the Radi-
cal party pledged itself to " preserve unim-
paired" in the Crittenden resolution. The
clause here copied is one of the central planks
in this grand reconstruction, centralizing pro-
gramme, by which the State governments are
to be consolidated into the Federal power.
It is on this clause that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] bases his social
equality bill, by which he defeated general
amnesty in the Senate under this clause it is
claimed, as a part of the "privileges and im-
munities of citizen^ of the United States"
that shall not be " abridged" by any State
law, that a negro shall be compelled to open
the doors of his hotel to a white man and take
him in and give him accommodations 1 That
a negro church shall be open to white people
to go to if they desire 1 That white men
ghall have the right to go in and join negro
Masonic lodges and negro Odd Fellows' lodges,
whether the negroes are willing or not. That
tho friends of a dead white man shall have the
right to bury such white man in a negro grave-
yard without asking permission of the negro.
That a white man shall have a right to ride in a
railroad car with a negro. That a white man
shall have the right to send his children to
school with negro children ; and that a white
man shall have the right to marry a negro
■woman, if the negro is willing. And many
other social and civil rights that white men
may enjoy without asking the permission of
the negroes, that I have not time to enumerate,
and that the States are prohibited from inter-
fering with. Apprehending that these distin-
guished social rights might be abused, and espe-
cially that the black and white races might be
damaged by intermarriage and mixed schools,
he introduced in the early part of the present
session of Congress an amendment to the
Federal Constitution prohibiting the inter-
marriage of the black and white races, and
restoring to the States the right to prohibit
mixed schools if they thought proper. That
amendment was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, where it still remains. The sym-
pathetic bowelsof the committee have not been
moved yet in behalf of the negro sufficiently
to prompt a report.
FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT.
But, passing on to the fifteenth amendment,
I find that in addition to being forced upon
the country as above stated, it was unwise and
dangerous to the good order of society to adopt
it at the time it was adopted ; for the reason
that it conferred the right of suffrage upon the
colored people of the South before they were
prepared to exercise it properly. It conferred
political power upon a large class of men sub-
ject to be controlled and misled by unprinci-
pled bad men for selfish purposes, which has
been done to such an extent as to prostrate
those Stat<-s in all their material and social
interests to an alarming extent. And again,
it was an unprecedented and uncalled-for act.
The laws of our country prior to the adoption
of the fifteenth amendment had been based
upon the idea and required reasonable time to
be given for preparation to exercise this ex-
alted right.
Our native-born sons, with all the advan-
tages of education and general intelligence,
were and are required to be twenty-one years
of age before they are allowed to vote, and
our foreign-born citizens, no matter how in-
telligent and cultivated, were and are required
to reside five years in the United States, and
comply with the requirements of a strict
naturalization law, before they are allowed to
vote. _ But by the fifteenth amendment there
are millions of people, without qualification
to vote, upon whom the right of suffrage is
conferred without requiring any preparation
or qualification whatever by law of any kind.
And thus it is shown that the Radical party
has discriminated in favor of the negro and
against the white man by conferring upon him
a great political right without preparation,
which is refused to the white man until he
goes through the probation at least that is re-
quired of hiin for preparation. And this I
must say is another high-handed outrage upon
the intelligent people of the whole country,
North and South, bast and West. It confers
political power upon a mass of people who in
the hands of a few desperate men may control
the destinies of our country. And I say
further that if there is any sound statesman-
ship in this fifteenth amendment, then repeal
your naturalization laws and put the intelli-
gent foreigner on an equal footing at least
with the ignorant negro.
It is proper to state before passing from this
branch of the subject that in all this matter
the colored mau was passive, submitting
merely to what others did for him. 1 have
no fault to find with the colored people, as a
class, in the premises. I desire to say also
that these amendments being declared by the
constituted authorities of the Government to
be adopted and ingrafted upon the Federal
Constitution, however much I condemn the
means made use of to force them upon the
country, I expect, as a law abiding-citizen, to
submit to them as a part of the existing law
of the Government, and leave it to the people
and posterity to modify or change them, if they
think proper, in the mode provided by the
Constitution.
RADICAL SPIBIT.
Before passing to the results of these recon-
struction acts, and to present to the country
and to Congress the spirit of reckless corrup-
tion and utter disregard of constitutional law
and civil liberty by which leaders in this
movement were actuated, I will insert here an
extract or two from the utterances of Thad.
Stevens and Winter Davis, two of the most
prominent. I copy from an article of Hon.
Gideon Welles on reconstruction in the April
number of the Galaxy. I invite special atten-
tion t,o these extracts. Mr. Welles gives the
following from Thad. Stevens:
"Thaddeus Stevens, who with other Radicals had
been in consultation with Henry Winter Davis,
called to see me on the 30th of June, 1865, and made
some sarcastio hits at the President and most of his
Cabinet. He expressed his contemptfor State rights;
and for any step which would place the rebels on an
equality with loyal men his indignation was unut-
terable. Only boys, hesaid, ignorant of their duty,
or men as incompetent as boys, destitute of all
statesmanship, could think of reestablishing tho
rebel States, and admitting them and the rebels to
participate in the Government with the same rights
as ourselves. When X spoke of constitutional obli-
gations, he said constitutional obligations meant
constitutional obstructions; they were impediments
to progress. We had, he averred, outgrown the gar-
ments made and put on in 1789. They did not fit, us.
The men who manufactured the Constitution had
given us but a piece of patchwork at best. They did
not like it themselves in some respects, but it was
the best they could do in the then existing circum-
stances. They were very good men, and wise for
the times in which they lived. We, however, be-
longed to a later age, a more advanced civilization,
and were blockheads if we could not improve on
their work. It was an absurdity for us to attempt
to go along, broken up into fifty different States or
corporations; we must bo more compact, have a
nationality, and get rid of the ridiculous theories
and fanciful notions that we were thirty or fifty
different sovereignties."
The following is from Winter Davis. Speak-
ing of the southern States and the negro, Davis
They bare suffered and suffered much by the
confiscation of their slaves; the next best punish-
ment is to deprive them of the rights of citizenship.
I am no enthusiast; I am very little of a philan-
thropist. I have no supreme love of the intellect-
ual superiority of the negro over the white; but I
know his vote is important, and if I have not much
respect for justice and humanity, X have for the five-
twenties. We need the votes of all the colored peo-
ple; it is numbers, not intelligence, that count at
the ballot-box; it is right intention, not philosophic
judgment, that easts the vote."
The spirit shown by these extracts is in
harmony with the spirit of a strong man with
barbarous proclivities, engaged in a personal
conflict. When he knocks hisadversary down,
instead of permitting him to get up after he
has confessed himself whipped, jumps upon him
while he is down, crushes and tramples him
in the dust. The civilized, chivalrous man
when engaged in personal conflict knocks his
adversary down, stands and permits him to
rise, scorning to strike a prostrate foe. When
he rises, if he admits himself beaten, the con-
queror takes him by the hand, takes him to
an inn, has his wounds washed and dressed,
and treats him as a brother. This last, I
think, is the manly, generous spirit that should
have controlled the party m power in the treat-
ment of our southern brethren. A generous
magnanimity, coupled with a wise and liberal
policy, toward the high-souled sons and daugh-
ters of the South, would have won them back
and cemented the Union forever. The colored
people would have been protected in their
rights, educated and elevated into an intelli-
gent citizenship as fast as their capacities
would receive it.
This brief outline of a few of the leading
features of reconstruction must suffice; space
will not permit more at present; and yet the
half is not told.
Let us look briefly at a few of the results of
reconstruction. - I have shown that these
high-handed measures were not necessary to
preserve the Constitution or tho Union, not
to keep the Crittenden pledge; and in doing
this I have shown indirectly, but conclusively,
the real motive that prompted this policy; and
what is it? Nothing less and nothing else
than the cold deliberate purpose' to sustain
and keep the Radical party in power at all
hazards. The exalted posilion of American
statesmanship, that of upholding the digint)
and honor of the Government, by adminis-
tering the laws under the Constitution faith
fully for the good of the people, is sacrificec
in a time of profound peace at the altar of
the party in power.
I will direct attention first to the result!
of this policy uponthepeopleand governments
of the southern States. And this scheme
" bein£ conceived in sin and brought forth it
iniquity," has cast the mildew of political anc
moral death over that beautiful and lormerlj
blooming section of the United States. W<
copy an extract from a late editorial by Horac?
Greeley in his paper, the New York Tribune.
Speaking of reconstruction and the negroes of
the South, Mr. Greeley says:
"Generally speaking, they have I earned how to pro
tect their personal ana political rights. But m th<
intoxication of sudden political enfranchisement
they have fallen victims to an infamous horde of ad
venturers from the northern States, whose robbcric,
they lack the sagacity and perhaps the instinct ol
responsibility to prevent, file shrewder and mori
unscrupulous of their own people have joined hand
with these thieving carpet-baggers, and the resul
is a reign of corruption and oppression entireij
without parallel in thehistoryof the United States
One after another the unfortunate cominiinitiei
seem to be rushing into bankruptcy. Whateve,
little conscience may have now and then showj
itself there in the management of publto affairs, i;
fast becoming extinguished. And, as it always hap
pens, the rascality of the rulersreaots upon thapeo
