1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4019
olution and require the statistical bureau to
furnish these statistics within the next twelve
months or two years? If it is not intended
to give some three or four nice old gentlemen
a place, then refer the matter to this bureau
and let them give you the information. You
can get no better men than you have there.
Mr. WILSON. I suppose I have not an
opportunity to answer the Senator now, but
after the vote is taken on my first amendment
I will take the floor on the other amendment,
and answer the Senator's question.
Mr. MORTON. 1 desire to say one word
upon this subject. There are more than half
a million laboring men in this country, espe-
cially in the large cities and manufacturing
districts, who are now discussing questions of
labor and capital, and their relations to one
another. They are holding conventions, they
are forming organizations, they have nightly
lectures and speeches. Many of these men
have great ability, and are men of intelligence,
and they profess to believe, and do believe,
that the laws regulating the relations of capi-
tal and labor are in some respect oppressive
and unjust, and that changes can be made for
their benefit, and for the benefit of capital, of
the employer as well. This movement is now
spreading on this continent. It is spreading
all over the continent of Europe ; it is a move-
ment that is world-wide, and it does not become
us to sneer at it or laugh at it. There is a
large party in this couuUy who believe that
labor can be reduced to eight hours a day in
all manufacturing establishments to the final
benefit both of the employer and the employed.
There are those who believe in what is called
cooperation, by which capital and labor can be
united, and that there can be a division of
profits. That experiment has been tried in
some places. Sometimes it is said to have
succeeded, and at other times to have failed.
Now, I say it is only treating this great sub-
ject with proper respect to appoint a commis-
sion and to investigate this question as thor-
oughly as it can be done; collect all the
information, see what has been the effect of
the eight-hour system here, of the nine-hour
system in England; see what has been the
effect of what is called cooperation, gather
together all the information that can be ob-
tained from experience, and from x-easoning,
and from what has been written and spoken on
the subject, combine it in a report, send it to
Congress for our information, and publish it
for the enlightenment of the world.
I think the project is a grand one: I think
it is worthy of our respect and consideration.
So far as the cost of it is concerned, that is a
mere bagatelle compared with the importance
of the considerations that are involved. I shall
vote for it cheeifully.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I really do not think that this is a bill which
should excite merriment, or that should not
commend itself to the Senate. If this was the
initiative of a measure of agrarianism, of level-
ing, of destroying the rights of property, of
taking from industry and talent and enterprise
their legitimate rewards, it would deserve the
derision, the denunciation of every member
of the Senate. It is entirely divorced from
any such, purpose. The object of this bill is
to acquire accurate, authoritative information,
for what purpose? That we may present
to the labor of the world a picture ot' what
the free labor of this great Republic is: that
we may present it to the immigrants coming
to this country from all parts of the world, and
induce them, with their enterprise and sinew
and property, to come here and greatly increase
our national wealth.
Why, what is the pitiful sum that we pro-
pose to expend, §15,000? To day we have
been seeking how we should deplete our Treas-
ury of fifty or sixty millions a year. That
information presented to immigrants of the
world will be worth its millions to this country.
But that is not all, sir. It is very desirable
that the laboring people of our country shall
have accurate information, that they may see
how superior their position is to that of the
laboring classes of the other parts of the
world, that they may be better contented and
more highly prize this home of theirs.
That is not all. The laboring people of this
country fought for it; they labor for it; they
contribute to its wealth, and they desire that
this investigation should be made. Their will
in this behalf is entitled to my respect; and
instead of this investigation tending to pro-
mote agrarian or leveling ideas, I believe that
the effect of it will be the very opposite, and
will satisfy the laboring interest of this coun-
try that they are better protected here than they
are in any other part of the world, and will
give us information enabling us still more to
promote their interests.
This information, as has been said, would
be invaluable on all questions in reference to the
tariff, revenue, and to the cooperation of labor.
It is for these reasons, without having care-
fully investigated the subject, that I shall my-
self cheerfully give my vote for this bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. I really supposed, when
I was on the floor before, that this thing was
a joke, but it seems that my honorable triend
from New Jersey is in earnest about it, and I
judge also, fiom the remarks that were made
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, that he is
serious ; and the Senator from Massachusetts,
too, seems to be in earnest about it. Now, I
want to ask my honorable friend from New
Jersey what he really expects to come from
this. The Senator from Massachusetts wants
five men at $5,000 a year apiece—$25,000 in
salaries.
Mr. WILSON. No; $3,000.
Mr. CARPENTER. Well, five men at
$3,000 ay ear each, amounting to $15,000 a year,
and a clerk with two or three thousand dol-
lars ! There is so much certain loss out of the
Treasury, voted away without any warrant in
the Constitution that I know anything about.
What is to come back that is to be estimated
in value? What statistics are you to get?
How is your commission to get them ? They
have no power to send for persons and papers.
Suppose it is indispensable to our health and
to our legislative action that we should know
the social condition of thepeople of Wisconsin;
how happily husbands live with their wives;
how many divorces are deoreed each year;
and that we are dying for that information, and
the country is tottering to know it. How are
you going to find it out ? Are you going to send
these three or five old men out to Wisconsin,
look the field over, read the newspapers, study
the confidences of the people at$25,000 a year,
and come back here and give us their theory
on the subject ?
Suppose you want to investigate the subject
of strikes in Pennsylvania—I see that the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] is in for
this commission, and I shall hope to see some
Senator move an investigation into that branch
of our American industry ; I think it needs
probing very much ; suppose you go up there
now to some one of the corporations that are
grinding the faces of their employes, 1 judge,
or this thing would not have been put on foot
and would not have had the benevolent support
of the Senators from that State ; suppose you
want to investigate and find out the profits of
that corporation and how much they pay their
laborers, do you suppose you will get it by
goingand asking, "Howis thisthing,captain?"
You cannot call them on the stand ; you cannot
compel them to swear. Do you suppose they
would come forward and volunteer this informa-
tion ?
But the Senator from Indiana takes a states-
manlike view of this subject. It is not the
little vulgar details of information that he is
after, but it is a great thing. The world is
moving, and $15,000 a year is a mere baga-
telle that the people of this country will l.mgli
to see thrown away, because here is a great
question! Why, Mr. President, this is only
one of about twenty thousand great questions.
There is a greater question than this pending
now, and I would like to have a commission
to go out and examine into it; and that is,
what is going to be done at the Baltimore con-
vention? [Laughter.] I think that far more
important to the social and sanitary condition
of our people than this commission. I would
soouer vote $25,000 to have that investigated
to-night, and put my Democratic friends and
the Senator from New -York [Mr. Fexton]
plumb on the stand and make them swear to
what will be done. [Laughter.] That would
be tangible; that would be specific; that
would be useful, and we should understand
what we were doing. I would vote for that,
but I have got done with this skirmishing
through the air.
Mr. CASSBRLY. I wish to ask my friend
from Wisconsin before he takes his seat why
he has expressed a wish to have members of
this body on the stand as witnesses? Did
he have such success on a certain occasion
not a great while ago in examining wituesses
that he would like to renew the experiment ?
[Laughter.]
Mr. CARPENTER. I can answer that
question. I take back every remark I made.
[Laughter.] We attempted to put witnesses
on the stand, and they swore that they could
not reveal what they knew without disgracing
themselves. The same excuse would apply
to my friends; we could not get a word out of
them. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASSBRLY. Mr. President, my idea
of what would be a disgrace to me may differ
very widely from the idea of the Senator from
Wisconsin. He may be indifferent to consid-
erations of that kind. I hope I am not.
Mr. President, I desire to say a word upoa
the present amendment, which I understand
is the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. I have heard that Senator speak
very often of the labor question, generally with
interest and sometimes with concurrence. I
have observed, however, that there is always
one burden for his remarks, and that is the
great reason why the workingman of this
country should be supremely contented with
his lot. Perhaps a dozen times since I first
had the pleasure of hearing him on the sub-
ject he has dwelt with fervor upon the enorm-
ous improvement in the condition of the
workingman of this country and the great
superiority of that condition to the condition
of his brother in Europe. Sir, there is no
doubt that the condition of the workingman
of this country is much better than the condi-
tion of the European workingman. If the
truth were otherwise, it would be a burning
reproach to the institutions of this country.
If this country has done anything for man in
his social relations it is in so far as the coun-
try has shown how much may be done for the
workingmen of a community. The proof is
found in the circumstance that in no part
of the world does the workingman stand so
nearly on equal ground with every other
member of the same community. I am not
here to deny that the condition of the woik-
ingman of the United States is not very far
better than the condition of the workingman
of Europe. With respect to the improved
condition of the workingmen in this country,
there are two sides to that question. Improve-
ment is a relative idea, not an absolute one.
If it were true that the workingman of to-day
lives better than the workingman of tweniy-
five or thiity years ago, it is niore true of all
oilier classes of the community. The improve-
ment is greater in lespect of other classes of
the community than it is in respect of the
working class.
Mr. President, a lamentable proof of that
truth is found in the fact that in some of the
most favored States of this Union pauperism
is not greatly-diminishing. In one or two of
them which I have now in my mind it is abso-
