1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1331
The object of having the whole read was to
show the connection in which the last clause
would oome in, which is that no lands should
be granted to the company in lieu of which
other lands might be taken by the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. HAWLEY. 1 should like to under-
stand whether the paragraph read a moment
ago in reference to securing the opinion of the
Attorney General is a section to be embraced
in the bill or an instruction to the committee?
Mr. HOLMAN. It is an instruction to the
committee, and that is the nature of the whole
of this, it is all in the nature of instruc-
tions.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I suppose the House is
aware that when this bill is reported back it
•will be subject to the ordinary rules of legisla-
tion, to amendment like any other measure ;
but the proposition which we have made here,
and which we desire to have acceded to, is
that the bill may be reported back at anytime,
at the convenience of the committee, after
Monday next.
Mr. HOLMAN. _ Yes, sir, the proposition
is this: that these instructions shall go to the
committee as imperative instructions to frame
the bill in accordance with them, and after-
ward that they may report the bill back at
any convenient time, and the bill shall then
be open to consideration and amendment.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Under the ordinary rules
of legislation.
Mr. HOLMAN. And open to reasonable
amendment and consideration after it comes
back to the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs there may
be an understanding on this point. The gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldkedge] pro-
poses that the bill shall be under the ordinary
rules ot' the House. The gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Holman] suggests it shall be open
to reasonable debate and amendment. Now,
it would be quite in conformity with the rules
of the House for the gentleman who reports
the bill back to enter a motion to recommit
it, which would cut off amendments, and the
Chair begs there may be no misunderstanding
on this point.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have, of course, to de-
pend upon the honor of the gentlemen who
have this bill in charge to do what is reason-
able.
The SPEAKER. If by unanimous consent
it were agreed that the bill should be open to
debate and amendment, the Chair would not
entertain a motion to recommit.
Mr. HOLMAN. I shall insist on that.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I have no objection to
that. I supposed the gentleman would depend
on the honor of the gentleman reporting the
bill. My fiiend, I know, will not want to de-
bate the bill long; he only spoke for sixteen
minutes yesterday. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMAN. All we want is to get the
bill in the right shape, so that we shall not do
by it what we do not intend to do.
Mr. TYNER. I ask that the committee be
further instructed to amend the bill so as to
exclude coal lands from the grant.
Mr. RUSK. There is no objection to that.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I think that is already
in the instructions.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair now under-
stands that With these several instructions the
bill will be recommitted to the committee with
the right to report it back at any time after
Monday next, and that when it is reported
back the bill shall be open to amendment.
Mr. HOLMAN. And reasonable discussion.
Mr. AMBLER. I understand the proposi-
tion now is that the committee shall have the
right lo report the bill back any time next
week alter Monday.
The SPEAKER. _ Any time after Monday
next during the session.
Mr. AMBLER. I object to that arrange-
ment. , .
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman from
Ohio ought to know that the yeas and nays
will be called here on the motion to recon-
sider, and that we shall seek at all events, by
every means in our power, to have the House
givAhese instructions to the committee. I
hope he will not, therefore, object to this
arrangement, to the injury of the public busi-
ness, by causing delay.
Mr. AMBLER. I have no objection to the
bill being reported back any time next week
after Monday, but I do not want the righf to
report it back to run through the whole ses-
sion.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The gentleman must be
aware that those acting in the interests of this
bill will be anxious to report it back on the
first opportunity, because it is of vital import-
ance, if we are to get anything under this bill,
that it should be passed before our Legislature
adjourns, which will be in ten or twelve days.
Mr. AMBLER. I will withdraw my objec-
tion if the proposition is changed so that the
bill may be reported back auy time next week
after Monday.
Mr. HAYS. I renew the objection.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I suppose there would
necessarily be an opportunity to report it back
next week if that order should be made.
The SPEAKER. The right to report back
at any time of course involves precisely what
it expresses. If the member of the com mittee
having the bill in charge notifies the Chair
that he desires the floor for the purpose of
making the report, it is the duty of the Chair
to give him the floor for that purpose.
Mr. HAYS. I renew the objection.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I hope the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Hays] will not force us
to take the yeas and nays on this question. I
think the House is with us this morning in the
proposition we have presented, and that the
gentleman by his objection will simply be de-
laying the progress of the public business. I
understand that the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Ambler] desires that a particular day
next week shall be named.
Mr. AMBLER. No; I am willing that the
report shall be made on any day next week
after Monday.
Mr. HAYS. I insist upon my objection.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, do not
object; let it pass in that way.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin.^ The ob-
jection will involve the calling of the yeas
and nays.
The SPEAKER. The arrangement pro-
posed is that the bill be committed to the
Committee on Public Lands with the instruc-
tions that were adopted on yesterday, and the
additional instructions which were read at the
Clerk's desk this morning, and that the com-
mittee shall have the right to report the bill
back at any time next week after Monday.
Does the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hays]
insist upon his objection?
Mr. HAYS. I do.
The SPEAKER. The question then recurs
upon the motion to lay upon the table the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the House
on yesterday referred this bill with instructions
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I hope the House will
vote down the motion to lay on the table the
motion to recousider, so that we may recon-
sider the vote of reference and get this bill
precisely in the condition it would be in but
for the single objection of the gentleman from
Alabama.
Mr. DICKEY. I hope so, too.
The SPEAKER. On this motion the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. HOLMAN. Can the House by a ma-
jority vote authorize the Committee on Public
Lands to report at any time?
The SPEAKER. It cannot; that authority
can be given only by unanimous consent, or
by a suspension of the rules on Monday.
Mr. COX. Would it not be in order for the
gentleman from Indiana now to so modify his
instructions as to include these other instruc-
tions?
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent
only.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Can we not by a major-
ity vote of the House to-day postpone the
further consideration of this matter until Mon-
day next?
The SPEAKER. A majority of the House
cannot do that without going back and recon-
sidering all the votes which have been taken,
because it is now acting under the previous
question.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I hope the House will
reconsider those votes, and then let this ques-
tion go over until Monday.
Mr. MAYNARD. If we reconsider the
vote by which the bill has been referred, will
not then the question be divested of the oper-
ation of the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. The condition of the ques-
tion is this: on yesterday, after the motion
prevailed ordering the previous question, the
House voted to refer this bill, with instruc-
tions, to the Committee on Public Lands.
That vote can be reconsidered, and then the
vote ordering the main question can be recon-
sidered.
Mr. MAYNARD. My question is, after the
motion to reconsider shall have been agreed
to, will the previous question still operate?
The SPEAKER. The House will then recur
to the question of instructions, and the third
reading of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. If this subject remains
before the Committee on Public Lands just as
it now stands, cannot the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Eldredge,] if he desires, on Mon-
day next move to suspend the rules in order to
allow the committee to report at any time?
The SPEAKER. That motion would then
be in order.
Mr. COX. Would it not be in order for the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] to
withdraw his motion to reconsider and table
the vote by which the House referred this bill?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. HAYS. I withdraw my objection to
the proposed arrangement.
The SPEAKER. The objection having been
withdrawn the Chair wiil again state the prop-
osition to the House. It is that this bill be
committed to the Committee on Public Lands,
with the instructions adopted by the House on
yesterday, and the additional instructions read
from the Clerk's desk this morning, the com-
mittee to be authoiized to report back the bill
at any time next week after Monday.
Mr. KILLINGER. I ask that the follow-
ing instructions be added to those already
agreed to :
Provided further. That in the construction of tha
said railroad there shall be ussd no other iron than
such as was manufactured in thia country from
American ores.
Mr. COX. I object to that; that is non-
sense.
Mr. KILLINGER. Then I object to the
arrangement, unless there is some agreement
to have a vote on my proposition in tlie House
when the bill shall have been reported.
Mr. ELDREDGE. That is where the shoe
pinches. T
Mr. COX. I object to any such thing. I
rise to a point ol order, that it is too late to
oiler this instruction.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox] of course knows that all this
business is proceeding by unanimous consent.
The Chair is merely waiting in order that the
members may, if they can, agree upon some
arrangement by unanimous consent.
Mr. KILLINGER. I am not disposed to
throw any obstruction in the way of this
arrangement, but I simply want to inquire
