t1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
812B
\«-t„ Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not desire to re-
peat what I said yesterday, but there is public
> .business, business that the country requires to
' .be done, that is urgent; and it is postponed
t here morning after morning by an effort to get
" -up a bill to force the colored and white chil-
dren to go to the same schools in the District
■ \4)f Columbia, a matter that certainly is not of
such pressing importance as to lay aside day
^after day the ordinary business of the coun-
try, and particularly the emergent business
which I have spoken of. I hope the bill will
'not be taken up.
, Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope it will be taken
up. In the first place, it involves a principle
.that every one (no matter where he has been
or what he believes in at home) says he be-
lieves in now. Of course I cannot state what
that principle is, for I should be discussing
the merits. It is a matter of great importance
that we should determine fairly and squarely
whether in the District of Columbia, where
-we have power, that we will exercise it in the
frotection of equal rights, or that we will not;
cannot say which, because that would be
•discussing the merits. Now is the time for us
-all to put our hands to the plow and plow one
•way or the other.
: Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, there never
■.was a moment when the exigency was greater
for the present measure ; nor was there ever
■ a moment when the opportunity was so advan-
-tageous. I have inquired myself of persons
: interested in the schools; and I find that if
the change is to be made, this is the very
■ moment; it is the appointed time, and the
Senate ought to act upon it promptly. There
is no measure on which it could act during the
morning hour with more advantage to the
i country.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust we shall take up
■ this question now for the purpose of disposing
of it. It is a hinderance to all other business,
and we shall be able to do nothing until we get
:it out of the road. If there were no other
reasons in my mind, I should vote for taking
it up on that account only. Let us take it up
and be done with it.
Mr. SUMNER. That is right.
Mr. HAMLIN. Is this a House or a Senate
bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it is a Senate bill, reported by the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think it is worth
while to take up this bill unless it is to super-
sede the Post Office appropriation bill. If we
are only to spend the morning hour on it, we
, shall be spending all the morning hour on this
bill. Yesterday, when it was up, the Senate
refused to proceed with it alter the morning
hour had expired. If they do that now, it
may occupy every morning hour and prevent
the ordinary public business that is pressing.
I do not believe in occupying the morning hour
in that way. I do not think it is an economy
of time. If it is the understanding that we
shall go on and finish it there will be some
sense in taking it up; otherwise, I shall vote
against taking it up, because I do not believe
.in fooling away the time in that way.
Mr. KELLOGG. I feel that I cannot con-
sistently object to the taking up of the bill
moved by the Senator from Massachusetts;
but I must say that I think the bill that I suc-
ceeded in getting before the Senate yesterday,
and which should be acted upon, is of vastly
more imporrance to the people I represent.
I hope we shall go on with that bill aud dis-
pose of it this morning.
Mr. MORTON. If the whole of the morn-
ing hour is to be taken up in discussion it is
•not very important whether we take up any
bill or not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to make a report
. from the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I object until the vote is
-taken.
- The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
Mr. CASSERLY. I supposed the Senator
from Massachusetts got up his motion subject
to the morning business.
Mr. SUMNER. The bill is not up. As
soon as it is up, there will be no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
business has concluded. It was called over
regularly, and the Chair formally announced
the conclusion of it. Then the Senator from
Massachusetts obtained the floor and moved to
proceed to the consideration of the bill alluded
to, which motion has been discussed since that
time. That motion is now before the Senate.
Mr. CASSERLY. That was what I meant
by saying, perhaps incorrectly, that the Sen-
ator had got his motion up. But certainly the
practice always has been to consider the morn-
ing hour as belonging to the morning busi-
ness.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is not aware
that what is called the morning business was
closed when I made my motion. Now, as
soon as ever the motion is acted on and decided
I shall cheerfully give way to the report of the
Senator from Ohio, or any report from any
other quarter.
Mr. STEWART. I want to ask the Senator
having the Post Office appropriation bill in
charge if he is to antagonize it against the bill
of the Senator from Massachusetts at twelve
o'clock? If so, I shall vote against taking it up,
because it cannot be disposed of by that time.
If not, if we can have unanimous consent to hold
on to the school bill, I shall vote to take it up.
There is no use in devoting half an hour now,
because it will take all the morning hours to
the end of the session if we go on in that way,
and we shall lose them all. If we can have
unanimous consent to go on with it until we
get through, or if those having charge of the
appropriation bill will let us finish this bill, I
have no objection to taking it up now.
Mr. WINDOM. I shall be obliged at least
to submit that question to the Senate when the
morning hour expires.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Attwelve o'clock
the Post Office appropriation bill will come
up by the rule; it will then be before the Sen-
ate. It can be set aside, of course, by a
majority vote, and the Senate can take up
any other bill. The question now is on the
motion ofthe Senatorfrom Massachusetts, that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 365, upon which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe it will be in
order on this motion to take up, to have read
a communication which 1 have received from
the President, or through the President,
showing the necessity of action upon another
matter as a reason why we should not take up
this bill this morning. I send to the Secre-
tary's desk a short communication and ask
that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, I>. 0., April il, 1872.
Sir: The President directs me to transmit to you
for the information of your committee the inclosed
copy of a telegram received irom the Secretary of
the Interior, now m the Indian territory.
I am, fair, your obedient servant,
HOltACE PORTER, Secretary.
Hon. Lyman Trumbull, Chairman Judiciary Com-
mittee, United States Senate,
[Copy of telegram.]
Muskogee, Indian Territory,
April 20, 1872.
The President, Washington, D. C. ;
I have passed over Atlantic and Pacific railroad
from St. Louis to Vmita, and over Missouri, Kansas,
and Indian railroad, from Vimta to Canadian river.
The Indian country through winch these roads pass
is the finest I have seen. JMuch disorder in the
Indian country is produced by desperate white men
who follow theconstruction of the Missouri, Kansas,
and Indian railroad. I have telegraphed Secretary
of War to direct a squad of infantry, now hero, to
expel these men, which will be done if orders are
given. A bloody riot occurred in an Indian court
two days since, resulting in the death of ten persons, .
including United States marshal and two assistants
wounding ten more, two mortally, including the
judge. All iaets and information convmco me
that a district court should Oe organized for the
territory atonce. If you concur, pleasesay so to Mr.
Harlan, and members of the Judiciary Committees
of the Senate and House. Law cannot be enforced
nor order preserved without this. * * * *
C. DELANO,
Secretary of Interior.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, Mr. President,
I objected yesterday and for two or three days
past, to other measures coming up, with a view
of bringing to the consideration of the Sen-
ate a bill reported to carry out the object
of having a court in the Indian territory. We
have reported such a bill unanimously from
the Committee on the Judiciary, and I think
it would pass in a very short time. There is
great disorder there. Ten persons have been
killed, among them two or three United States
officers ; and a member of the Cabinet in that
country telegraphs us that it is indispensable
that a court should be established there at
once. I have tried morning after morning
to get action upon that subject, and the Sen-
ate refuses to have action. If the Senate,
with such a state of facts before them, will
day after day vote to take up the school ques-
tion and occupy the morning hour with it, I
feel that theymusttake the responsibility of it.
I dislike to make these appeals every morn-
ing. I struggled yesterday and thought Ishould
be able to get this bill up, but I was unable to
do so. The Senator from Massachusetts is
more fortunate than any one eke; he is able
to get the ear of the Chair before any one else
can make a motion. He makes his motion
first, and then the question is on taking up
his bill, and the morning hour is exhausted.
I hope the Senate will vote down his motion,
and if it does, I shall make an effort to get the
attention of the Chair for the purpose of hav-
ing the bill considered to establish a district
court at Port Gibson in the Indian territory.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Does the
Senator from Illinois mean to say that the
Vice President's ear is quicker or that the foot
of the Senator from Massachusetts is quicker
than his own ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I said he was fortunate
in getting the floor.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think it is
owing to the quickness of foot of the Senator
from Massachusetts, not the ear of the Chair.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President, if the
Senator from Illinois, in saying that the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is more fortunate in
getting the ear of the Chair than other Sen-
ators, means to say that any partiality is exer-
cised by the Chair in recognizing one Senator
rather than another, 1 think he stands alone
in that opinion in this body. I do not think
any other Senator here entertains that opin-
ion, and I think it is only fair to say so.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 will say that personally
I have no consciousness of any such partiality
on the part of the Chair.
And now, in reply to the Senator from
Illinois, he founds his motion for immediate
action on a communication from the Execu-
tive Mansion, of what date? April 22. If
his business could wait from April 22 to the
7th of May, it seems to me it may wait one
other day in order to give the Senate an oopor-
tunity of doing a little justice to the colored
race.
Mr. HARLAN. In view of the facts stated
by the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary, with which 1 am conversant offi-
cially, if it is in order I will move to lay the
present motion on the table w:tb a view of
considering that bill.
_Mr. POAIEROY. I should like to say a
single word on the subject before the motion
is entertained.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not in order.
We have never laid a motion of that kind on
the table.
Mr. POMEROY, I do not think it is m
order.
