1332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
whether I can be permitted to offer that
amendment if the arrangement be carried inte
effect?
Mr. ELDREDGE. I am willing the gen-
tleman should offer that amendment.
Mr. COX. I am willing also that he shall
offer it: for we shall have the privilege of
Killing it when the bill comes back, and of
making some good points on these Pennsyl-
vania gentlemen.
Mr. KILLINGER. With the understand-
ing that I may offer the amendment in the
House, I withdraw the proposition at this
time. „ ^
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Killimger] withdraws his prop-
osition, with the understanding that he shall
be allowed to offer it as an amendment when
the bill shall be pending in the House.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to know what
this arrangement in reference to pig iron is?
[LaughterJ
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] is aching
on the subject of pig iron. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. I did not know but that this
was some modification of the arrangement
made the other day. I wanted to know if there
wsis any modification of that arrangement?
'Mr. MERC UK. Not any.
Mr. COX. I want to say that the resolu-
tion the other day is a perfect commentary on
the absurdity of the vote against my resolu-
tion, and I am glad that the Committee of
Ways and Moans are beginning to find out
the " ways that are dark," &c.
Mr. KILLINGER. I make the point of
order that it is out of order to charge absurd-
ities upon two thirds of this House.
Mr. COX. I withdraw the remark in con-
sideration of the gentleman's feelings.
Mr. DAWES. I object to the arrangement
for the reason that I do not understand it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
arrangement as he now understands it. It is
that this bill, with the instructions voted yester-
day and those added to-day, shall be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, with the
right on the part of the committee to report it
back on any day next week after Monday,
reserving the right of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kii.mnger] to move as an
amendment what he proposed just now as
instructions.
Mr. DAWES. I withdraw my objection, if
that is all that is proposed.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to any special
permission of that kind. I object to giving any
special right to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. Let him have his rights along with
other members under the general agreement.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to call the attention
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevenson]
to the fact that the right is already reserved to
amendment and debate this bill when it shall
be reported back. That arrangement would
of course allow the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to offer his amendment,
Mr. HAWLE Y. I wish to make an inquiry
whether a longer time than till the end of next
week cannot be given to the committee for the
consideration of this bill ? The committee will
soon be called ; and it has of course a great
deal of business before it. There are many
instructions accompanying this bill, and its
consideration must necessarily take much of
the time of the committee. While I am dis-
posed of course to carry out the wishes of the
House in whatever form they may be ex-
pressed, I think that a week is too short a
time in which to require the committee to act
upon this measure, because we must in that
event give attention to this to the exclusion
of everything else.
The SPEAKER. It will be the duty of the
Chair to enforce the regular order if the House
comes to no agreement.
Mr. STEVEN SON. I want to know whether
it is to be regarded as a part of this agreement
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania shall
have the right to offer his amendment con-
cerning iron ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Pennsylvania as conSnt-
ing to withdraw his proposition to instruct the
committee, on the condition that he may offer
it as an amendment when the bill comes before
the House.
l{r. STEVENSON. I object to that. I
suppose the gentleman will have, at any rate,
the right to offer his amendment; but I am not
willing that we shall put a ribbon on pig iron.
Mr. COX. I hope my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Stevenson] will let that amendment
come in, so that we may have a chance to
hit it.
Mr. DICKEY. This is the first time that
I ever heard of putting a ribbon on iron.
Mr. STEVENSON. You gentlemen want
to put a ribbon on it as a badge of honor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
arrangement 
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will state it, the Chair will give
way. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I was not aware that the
Speaker was going to state the question. I
wanted to appeal to my colleague [Mr. Kil-
LrNGBB.] to withdraw his proposed amendment.
Mr. COX. Ah, ha!
Mr. SCOFIELD. I think it looks very much
like making little bargains, and tends to bring
into ridicule the whole tariff system, in which
Pennsylvania is so much interested.
Mr. COX. It very properly has that effect.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I do not think it worth
while for us to attach to every bill providing
for the building of a railroad a proviso that
the company shall come to our market to buy
the small amount of iron they may require.
Such a policy only tends to render ridiculous
the whole purpose of those who represent that
interest in Congress. I hope therefore that
my colleague will not insist upon his amend-
ment in this case.
Mr. DAWES. My objection was to making
the arrangement in open House. Whatever
arrangement may be made outside is of course
not so offensive to public morals as the making
of the proposition in open House, exhibiting
it before the reporters and the public.
Mr. SHANKS. I think it better that it
should be made in public rather than covertly.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to make a con-
dition that this arrangement shall not inter-
fere with the morning hour of Tuesday.
Mr. KILLINGER. I cannot agree that
there is any ridicule attaching to my proposi-
tion, as my colleague [Mr. Scofield] suggests.
In the bill granting lands to the Northern
Pacific railroad a similar proviso was inserted.
If now another company is to have the ben-
efit of these lands, I see nothing ridiculous or
improper in attaching to this bill a similar
proviso, that the rails used in the construction
of this road shall be of American iron. I do
not propose, as I said in the outset, to stand
in the way of this arrangement. The friends
of the bill all assure me that we shall be allowed
a vote upon this amendment; that I shall be
allowed the same privilege which has been
accorded to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Holm ax.] With that understanding I have
agreed to withdraw the request that my prop-
osition shall be made a part of the record at
this time ; but I do not mean to withdraw
the proposition from the consideration of the
House.
Mr. COX. If it be in order, I object to the
withdrawal of this proposition.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order for the
gentleman to object. He can renew the prop-
osition if he wishes. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I wish to say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. ScoOTeld] that this
is not the first time Pennsylvania has had an
amendment of this kind introduced into these
railroad bills. If such a proposition is ridic-
ulous now, it was ridiculous when other bills of
larger magnitude were passed. But the people
are beginning to understand somothing about
this matter.
Mr. KILLINGER. A proviso of this kind
was inserted in the Northern Pacific railroad
bill.
Mr. COX. I know it was.
Mr. KILLINGER. And it ought to have
been. The provision is right.
Mr. COX. Such a provision has been in-
serted, I understand, in all the Pacific railroad
bills. This everlasting swindle and legalized
fraud of Pennsylvania has been running through
all our legislation. It is merely a scheme of
robbery.
Mr. KILLINGER. I wish to say that this
proviso 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the whole proceedings since the reading of the
Journal have been by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Killwger] having with-
drawn his proposition, the Chair will now state
the arrangemfent proposed in relation to this
bill, including the objection made by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Wheeler.] The
proposition is that the bill, with the instruc-
tiohs adopted yesterday and those read at the
Clerk's desk to-day, shall be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, with the right on
their part to report it back at any time next
week after Monday, provided that on Tuesday
they shall hot report until after the morning
hour.
Mr. COX. And that the bill when reported
shall be open to amendment.
The SPEAKER. And the bill when re-
ported to be open to debate and amendment.
If there be no objection to this arrangement it
will be entered on the Journal.
There was no objection.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour begins
at ten minutes to one o'clock, and this being
Friday, reports from committees of a private
nature are in order. The call rested last Fri-
day with the Committee on Military Affairs.
reuben h. bishop.
Mr. COBURN, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No.
1772) for the relief of Reuben H. Bishop;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
Department to pay to Reuben H. Bishop, of
Charlestown, Ohio, the sum of $175, out of
any appropriation for the payment of arrears
of pay or bounty to volunteers.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. COBURN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ANDREW J. JEMISON.
Mr. COBURN, from the same committee,
also reported a bill (H. R. No. 1773) for the
relief of Andrew J. Jemison; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Depart-
ment to pay to Andrew J. Jemison, late a pri-
vate in company A, seventh regiment Kansas
cavalry, out of any moneys appropriated for
the payment of bounties to volunteers, the
amount of Veteran Reserve bounty he would
have received had he not been discharged for
disabilities occasioned by wounds received dur-,
