3124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to lay
on the the table is authorized by the eleventh
rule, which reads as follows :
" "When a question is under debate, no motion shall
be received but to adjourn; to proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business; to lay on the
table, " &o.
This is a question which is subject to limited
debate under the eleventh rule. The Chair is
informed that by the usage of the Senate mo-
tions of this kind have been laid on the table.
His impression had been that they were of that
class of independent motions that had to
be adopted or rejected as a whole and were
unamendable. But if the usage of the Senate
is as he has been informed by officers familiar
with the usage, to entertain a motion to lay
on the table, as that settles the question with-
out debate, the Chair will entertain it or sub-
mit it to the Senate whether it shall be enter-
tained.
Mr. HARLAN. I do not wish to put my-
self in antagonism with the bill of the Senator
from Massachusetts, but  
The VICE PRESIDENT. But if the Sen-
ator makes the motion to lay on the table he
cannot debate it.
Mr. HARLAN. I have not made it yet;
but I believe I am entitled to the floor on the
other motion. I do not wish to array myself
against the bill which the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts desires to have taken up
for consideration; I think it probable that I
shall vote with the honorable Senator on that
bill; but there is very great disorder in the In-
dian teiritory growing outof the facts alluded
to by the honorable Senator from Illinois. I
have been pressing the subject on the atten-
tion of the Judiciary Committee, deeming it
the proper committee to consider a judiciary
bill, and I think they made a report with rea-
sonable quickness after the facts were brought
to their attention, and it probably would facil-
itate the business of the Senate if the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts would with-
draw his motion and let the Senate act on this
bill.
Mr. SUMNER. I remind the Senator that
the bill in reference to schools has been be-
fore the Senate longer than the other bill, and
there are reasons of urgency for this bill. I
would remind the Senate that it is important
that this bill should be acted 011 promptly.
By one of the sections of the bill it is to go
into operation 011 the 1st day of July. It
has not been acted upon by the House of
Representatives; we ought to act promptly,
so that the school committees may be arranged
with reference to it. I hope the Senator will
not interpose any objection. I really think
in half an hour we can finish it.
Mr. HARLAN. Perhaps there will be time
enough to dispose of both bills before one
o'clock. I do not move to lay the motion 011
the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to lay the
motion on the table if that is in order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays. If we are going to filibuster
out this business, let us do it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. Why can we not now
move to lay this motion 011 the table, and so
keep it going?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is a well-set-
tled principle of parliamentary law that a
motion to lay on the table cannot be laid on
the table.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought it was no bet-
ter settled than the other, that a motion to
take up a bill could not be laid 011 the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thequestion is
on laying on the table the motion of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 29 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Casserly, Cole, Cooper, Corbett, Davis of
West Virginia, Ferry of Connecticut, Gilbert,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Hitchcock, John-
ston, Kelly, Logan, Norwood, Pratt, Saulsbury,
Schurz, Sherman, Stevenson, Trumbull, Vickers,
and Wright—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Clayton, Conkling. Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen. Hamlin, Kel-
logg, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Rice, Sawyer. Scott,
Spencer, Spragne, Stewart. Sumner. West, Wilson,
and Windom—29.
ABSENT — Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard. Brownlow,
Carpenter, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton ofTexas, Hill, Howe, Lewis, Osborn, Pat-
terson, Ramsey, Ransom, Robertson, Stockton,
Thurinan, and Tipton—19.
So the Senate refused to lay the motion on
the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sujo'Eii,] upou which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 20 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Cameron, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling, Cor-
bett, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Michigan. Flana-
gan, Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Harlan, Kellogg,
Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Morton, Nye, Pomeroy, Pool, Rice, Sawyer,
Scott, Spencer, Stewart, Sumner, West, Wilson,
Windom and Wright—35.
NAYS—Messis.Blair, Boreman, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Connecticut, Gil-
bert, Hamilton of Maryland, Hitchcock, Johnston,
Kelly, Norwood, Pratt, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stevenson, Trumbull, and Vick-
ers—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Brownlow,
Caldwell, Carpenter, Cragm, Davis of Kentucky,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton oi Texas, Hill, Howe, Os-
born, Patterson, Ramsey, Ransom, Robertson,
Stockton, Thurinan, and Tipton—19.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 365) to secure
equal rights in the public schools of Washing-
ton and Georgetown.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Ferry] gave notice of
his intention to move an amendment.
Mr. NYE. I now ask the Senator from
Massachusetts to lay aside the bill for a mo-
ment, that the Senate may decide a question
which it is very important should be considered
at once, and that is in tegard to the election
in Idaho and Washington Territories. It will
be remembered that the bill was carried once
and reconsidered, and the question stands open,
and it is but justice to those voters and to
those who are before the people for their suf-
frages that they should know when the election
is to be. I hope the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will consent and that the Senate will
unanimously eonseut to decide that question.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend knows that it
has cost more than half an hour, against the
opposition of distinguished Senators, to get
this bill in its present position, and the Sen-
ator asks me to consent to displace it, though
informally. I think we ought to go 011 with
this bill; and if we show a purpose of going
on with it I think we can soon dispose of it,
and at twelve o'clock I shall appeal to the
Senate to proceed with it until it is finished.
I think it can be finished before one o'clock.
Mr. LEWIS. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts allow me to present a couple of
petitions?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will
excuse me for a few minutes.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I was in-
formed, after giving notice of my amendment
the other day, that the original bill had al-
ready been amended in committee ; so that it
would be necessary for me to offer my amend-
ment in the Senate instead of in committee.
The amendment, as I proposed it the other
day, in the first place proposed to strike out
the words "passage of this act;" but those
words had already been stricken out in com-
mittee, of which fact I was not aware.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
states that he can state the amendment in par-
liamentary form exactly as desired by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, if he desires to offer it
in Committee of the Whole, or he can reserve
it and move it in the Senate.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I will move
it, then, in Committee of the Whole. The
amendment should be corrected in the fifth
line of the second branch of it by inserting
after the word "cities" the words "by the
duly qualified voters thereof." I send it up
thus corrected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut moves an amendment,which
will be read.
The Chief Cleuk. After the word "that,"
in the first line of the first section of the bill,
it is proposed to insert:
From and after the approval of this act by the
people of Washington and Georgetown in the man-
ner hereinafter provided.
And after section five to insert the following
as section six :
An election shall be held in the cities of Washing-
ton and Georgetown on the first Monday of July,
A. 1). 1872, at the customary voting-places in said
cities by the duly qualified voters thereof, and upon
such notice and between such hours as is required
by law for other elections therein, and shall be by
ballot, and 011 each ballot shall be written or printed
the word "approved" or "disapproved;" and if a
majority of all the ballots cast in said cities shall be
so written or printed " approved," then this act shall
take effect, as in the first section thereof is provided;
but if a majority of such ballots shall be written or
printed " disapproved," then this act shall be of no
effect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. These amend-
ments will be voted on separately if any Sen-
ator demands a division, though involving the
same principle.
Mr. SUMNER. They may as well be taken
together.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They will be
taken together if there be no objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. If there is any reason
why they should be taken separately, they
ought to be taken separately. I do not observe
any.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They are sep-
arate amendments, but involve precisely the
same principle, and depend on each other.
Still, if any Senator demands a division, they
will be voted upon separately.
Mr. CASSERLY. I demand a division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A division is
demanded, and the first amendment offered
by the Senator from Connecticut is before the
Senate.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I certainly
do not wish to undertake to state all the rea-
sons I have for offering this amendment in
about half a minute, which is the time I see I
have by the clock.
I am willing, if the people of those two cities
desire what are called mixed schools, that
they should have them. The people of my
own State, so far as their own legislation is
concerned, have so legislated as that the chil-
dren of all colors attend the same schools;
and in my boyhood I attended the same school
with the colored children of the village in
which I resided.
But, sir, there is 110 institution in which it
is so important that the people interested im-
mediately therein should manage the affairs
thereof for themselves as our common schools.
You cannot interfere with them forcibly from
the outside without consulting the wishes, feel-
ings, prejudices even, of the people thereof,
without doing mischief. The very glory of the
system of common schools in New England,
out of which has gone forth that system to all
parts of the United States, carrying blessings
whithersoever it has gone, has been that the
fathers of the communities of New England
have themselves provided in their own way for
the education of all their children in the com-
mon schools of the communities. And now
here in these cities of Washington and George-
town, where the common schools are more
than anything else the foundation upon which
are to rest the future prosperity and happiness
of the people dwelling in those two cities, the
Senator from Massachusetts proposes a tyrau*
