436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January IT,
bankrupt. The penalties in the foregoing part
of the section are abuudaut.
The section next to the last also requires
amending. It provides that—
Every law. statute, ordinance, regulation, or
custom, whether national or State, inoonsistentwith
this act. or making any discriminations against any
person on account of color, by the word ' white," is
hereby repealed.
I understand that Congress have no power to
repeal a State statute any more than we have to
enact a State statute. That provision of the law
is unconstitutional, and is entirely unnecessary.
If we enact a constitutional law, all laws of
the States inconsistent therewith are virtu-
ally annulled, because the Constitution of the
United States provides that "this Constitution
and the laws made in pursuance thereof shall
be the supreme law of the land, the constitu-
tion and laws of any State to the contrary not-
withstanding." The section is unnecessary,
and worse. In any view we should strike out
the words "whether naiional or State," and
thus suffer the section to have such effect as
the courts may properly give to it.
The amendment being thus modified, its
effect is not impaired. The question now
arises whether this amendment is within the
constitutional power of the General Govern-
ment. The ICu Klux bill, which we passed
under the authority of the fourteenth amend-
ment, was in aid of the suppression of insurrec-
tion and for the preservation of the public
peace, and was clearly national in its eharac-
ter. It maybe insisted that the General Gov-
ernment cannot enact a law generally regulat-
ing inns aud cemeteries, schools, churches,
colleges, &c., in the States. If this law, as
modified, does undertake such regulation, un-
less there is some express authoiity in the
Constitution giving us this power, I agree that
the act is unconstitutional.
The permanence of the Government depends
on our preserving two features, the sovereignty
of the General Government and the independ-
ence of the States. Had our Government been
a centralized government, or a mere confed-
eration of States, it would long since have
ceased to exist. If the States assume more than
belongs to them, as in the rebellion, or if
the General Government assumes more than
belongs to it, the harmony of the system is
destroyed. We having just passed from a war
where our hostility to the odious doctrine of
States rights has been excited, we may be in
danger of being too little on the alert against
a centralization of power in the General Gov-
ernment. Let the General Government be
supreme in national affairs and the States inde-
pendent in State affairs, and our Republic will
be safe.
But the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts, as modified, in no manner
assumes to regulate the relations of common
carriers, innkeepers, &c., with the public.
All this it leaves to the Stat«s, excepting
that it provides that every citizen shall be
treated as a citizen, be he white or colored.
That is constitutional. If the people of South
Carolina in their former animosity to the
people of New England should deprive them
of the common rights of citizenship in that
State, should refuse them the accommodation
of cars or inns, we would find some constitu-
tional power to protect them in the equal
rights of American citizenship. We have the
same right and are under the same obligation
to the citizens of color.
This act virtually says there has existed in
this country an enslaved and degraded race;
and the people have prejudices incident to
their being associated with slavery. We have
just passed through a war from which we have
garnered three great principles which it is the
purpose of this law to enforce. One is, that
every person in the land has a chartered right
to freedom. Before the thirteenth amend-
ment it was in the power of a State to make
any one a slave. They did by State law make
four million such; and the Supreme Court
held that the slaves had none of the rights of
freemen. Now, every man has a charter for
his freedom, which no State, no power on
earth can take from him.
Again, before the adoption of the fourteenth
amendment, the States fixed the qualifications
of citizenship, and one became a citizen of the
United States-by being a citizen of the State.
It was derivative. The States fixed what con-
ditions they pleased ; so that one might be a
citizen of Massachusetts and not of South
Carolina, as history proves to us. The people
have now declared that every one born or
naturalized in the United States, and subject
to its jurisdiction, shall be a citizen of the Uni-
ted States and of the State in which he resides,
and that no State shall pass any law abridging
the privileges or immunities of a citizen of the
United States, or denying to any the equal
protection of the law.
Then, too, we secured to all the ballot; and
the people have decreed that Congress shall
enforce these provisions by appropriate legis-
lation. In other words, an equality of citizen-
ship is established, and we are directed to see
to it that that citizenship is nowhere abridged.
It is, therefore, perfectly constitutional for
Congress to say to the States, "the regulation
of the relations between all these institutions
and the public is with you, but you shall treat
citizenship as citizenship" everywhere.
Mr. President, we sit here in this deliber-
ative assembly and we do not appreciate the
results of the history of the last ten years.
Those three amendments are to have a mighty
effect on coming generations, and they are
priceless to the nation. They are all that we
have rescued from all the bloody fields of
anguish. Every one in the land should be
taught the value of these principles. The
mother should engrave them on the tablet that
bears the impress of her soldier boy, for he
poured out his young blood to purchase them.
The young wife should weave them aroundthe
sword of her husband, for he bade her along,
long farewell to obtain them. The father who
mourns his son, should engrave them upon the
tomb of his boy, for he lies there cold and
dead to secure them. We fall into the habit
of taking a- professional view of these great
principles. They are precious jewels, and we
are not to suffer them to be trampled under
foot.
I hope that the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, after due consideration
by him, will be properly amended and be passed
by this Senate. To that end I prefer that it
should be presented as an independent bill,
so as to require only a majority and not a two-
thirds vote to pass it. But of that he must be
the judge.
Mr. President, I have a word to say as to
the proposed amnesty. There are conflicting
considerations, some prompting me to vote
for, and some to vote against it. Understand-
ing that a proposition is to be made to strike
out all the exceptions in the bill and to make
the amnesty universal, I will, while I have
the floor, say to those who are in favor of the
passage of the bill, that if they undertake
thus to change the bill they will lose many
votes, probably enough to defeat the measure.
There are many who think the war between
the North and the South was based on a mere
difference of political opinion. I do not think
so. I believe that in the conflict the loyal
people of the land were animated by a love of
equality and freedom, and by love for their
homes, and for the country which is the home
of all their homes; while I believe the motive
spirit that prompted the rebels Was hatred to
equality and to universal freedom, and to the
Government which was busily engaged in pro-
motingand enforcing those great principles.
The difference between the loyal and the
disloyal was as wide as the difference between
love and hatred, as the difference between
heaven and earth. I am not entirely satisfied
that the sentiment of hatred has yet entirely
died out at the South, and I do not more than
half like the idea of tempting those who still
feel hostility toward the nationto take part
in the politics of the country or in its Govern-
ment. I would rather that they, by beingjeft
ineligible, should be permitted to stand aside.
Thirty years from this, when we and they shall
have passed from these scenes, it would, I
believe, be better for the country that we had
left at least the existing disability as a feeble
mark of the nation's disapprobation of one of
the greatest crimes ever committed on earth.
Further, sir, I am by no means satisfied
that we are fulfilling the purpose of the
people's ' amendment by this universal am-
nesty. That amendment was passed after
grave consideration, and provides that no
person who has taken the official oath to main-
tain the Constitution of the United States and
then made war upon the Government shall
be eligible to office, aud adds the pro\iso that
such disability may by a vote of two thirds of
Congress be removed. I am not clear that
the people of the country intended to pass an
amendment and then provide that Congress
could at any time repeal the amendment. I
think they intended to confer on us the power
to act judicially in every case, and to relieve
the person applying, or to confer the power,
in the language of the amendment, to remove
such personal disability.
This construction of the amendment I find,
too, was taken at the time of its adoption.
Judge Spalding in the House expressed most
emphatically the view I have suggested as the
only construction which could ever be given to
that amendment. Another construction, how-
ever, and apparently the prevailing one. was
put upon the section in the Seriate. I think,
in view of the whole subject, that it is quite
important that we should keep in force the
exceptions contained in the bill as it came from
the House. This will retain for the amend-
ment some vitality. It will still have some-
thing to operate upon. I am, however, brought
to vote for the amnesty bill, with the exceptions
in, by two or three considerations, and I will
detain the Senate but a moment in stating
them.
I have some respect for the opinions of
others, and feel that there are others to whom I
may properly defer my own judgment. The
opinion which has been expressed by the Repre-
sentatives of the people in the passage of this
bill has influence upon my own conclusions.
I have great respect for the recommendation
of the President that amnesty, with certain
exceptions, should be enacted. And here per-
mit me to remind the Senator from Massachu-
setts that the President did not, in commend-
ing to us amnesty, forget the claims of human
freedom and liberty, as intimated by him yes-
terday, but coupled his recommendation of
conciliation with the most advanced and pro-
gressive suggestion in behalf of human liberty
ever made to the country, when he advised
Congress to pass a law rendering it illegal for
an American citizen to hold a slave, even when
beyond our national jurisdiction.
I have, I say, respect for the recommenda-
tions of the President, because of my entire
confidence in his wisdom and ability, which
have been manifested by the uniform suc-
cess that attended our arms in every battle
he fough't; which have been manifested by the
successful manner in which he performed the
responsible and delicate duty of enforcing the
reconstruction acts while General of the Army;
which have been manifested by maintaining,
the public honor and faith, by an administra-
tion which has continually reduced the public
debt while constantly diminishing taxation;
which has been manifested by so regulating
our relations with foreign countries as to con-
ciliate misunderstandings and preserve the
peace without sacrificing the honor or dignity
