11872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3125
nical rule from without, without consulting the
sentiments of those within 
" The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The Senator will
please suspend. The morning hour has ex-
■■ pired, and the Post Office appropriation bill is
' before the Senate. The Senate is engaged in
toting upon the reserved amendments, the first
" reserved amendment being that in regard to
the increase of subsidy to the Pacific mail.
r - The Chair now desires to state, as it does
not interrupt the morning hour, in allusion to
what has fallen from Senators on the floor, that
any measure that the majority deem to be es-
sentially necessary can, after twelve o'clock,
be reached, in the simplest possible manner,
by the majority of the Senate laying on the
table the order for the day, and taking up
whatever the imminence of events renders
necessary for its passage, and, under the five-
minutes rule, every five minutes a Senator can
obtain the floor for the purpose of testing the
sense of the Senate as to whether these mat-
ters of pressing emergency shall or shall not
be entertained.
During the morning hour in the competition
for the floor the Chair recognizes that Senator
who first addresses him; yesterday the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, [Mr. Kellogg ;] to-day
. the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Som-
ber;] to-morrow perhaps some other Senator;
whoever shall first under the rule address the
Chair at the conclusion of the morning business.
He scarcely deems it necessary to say this, as the
Senate is aware of the manner in which he has
endeavored to the best of his ability to dis-
charge the duties of this office.
The Post Office appropriation bill is now
before the Senate, and no Senator is now
entitled to the floor.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts first addressed the Chair.
The question now before the Senate is on the
reserved amendments, the first being that in
relation to the Pacific mail.
Mr. SUMNER. I am going to throw my-
self on the indulgence of the Senate. They
have heard this debate this morning on the
order of business. I think all will agree it is
not advisable that it should be repeated any
other morning. It is evident from the votes
which have been taken that there is a disposi-
tion to act upon the school bill, and I now i
appeal to the Senate to put aside temporarily '
the appropriation bill in order to proceed with
the school bill, confident as I am that the lat-
ter bill can be finished in a very short time.
I now move that the appropriation bill be laid
upon the table with a view to proceed with the
school bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts moves that the appropri-
ation bill be laid upon the table, stating what
his intention is if he obtains the floor.
Mr. WINDOM. I think the appropriation
bill can be completed in a very short time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
not debatable.
Mr. POMEROY. Without arguing any
question, I wish to submit to the Senator from
Massachusetts a single suggestion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection this debate can be proceeded with
by unanimous consent; but the motion is
undebatable.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts knows the embarrassment that Sena-
tors feel in voting to lay an appropriation bill
on the table, there being a general under-
standing among the whole Senate that we
shall proceed with the appropriation bills. I
suggest to the Senator from Massachusetts, in
a spirit of perfect kindness to his bill, that he
move to postpone its further consideration to
a day certain, and provide in the motion that
it shall take precedence of all prior orders at
that hour.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Let me
piake a suggestion right there. That would
be very gratifying to me, because I prefer not
to go on with my remarks this morning. I
have never been able to know whether this
bill was coming up in the morning hour, or
when I could get a chance to say anything
about it; and if a day certain can be fixed, I
shall be very much gratified. I prefer not to
go on this morning.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts to fix a day and hour cer-
tain, and have it so that it shall take prece-
dence of prior orders and the unfinished
business, and the Senator can then get a vote
on the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend from Connecti-
cut knows that the indirect appeal that he has
made to me is irresistible. Of course I would
not force him to goon against his desire. My
friend from Kansas knows my disposition,
also, to cooperate with him in this matter, for
I believe he is as sincerely devoted to the
measure as I am.
Mr. POMEROY. Of course I am.
Mr. SUMNER. I am therefore ready to
act on his suggestion. If there can be an un-
derstanding that this bill shall be made a spe-
cial order against any unfinished business, for
there is the point, the Senator understands—at
any particular time, say Wednesday 
Mr. POMEROY. Thursday.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, 1 will say Thursday
at twelve o'clock ; that it shall be made the
special order against any other business, no
matter what other business, unfinished or by
special order, may be before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. That will require unani-
mous consent.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator can submit
the motion to-morrow after this notice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That would re-
quire, as the Senator from New York stated in
his seat, unanimous consent, and would for the
first time introduce a new rule in the Senate in
regard to priority of business. Under this
order, the Senator will have to specifically
name the fifteenth rule and limit it as against
this bill; but if the Senator can obtain the con-
sent of the Senate, as was done in the North
Carolina election case, to fix it for a certain
day with the understanding that he shall then
move to lay on the table whatever unfinished
business may then be pending, the rule will
not then be vicdated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts to just make his motion
for a special order.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; then I ask that
the bill be made a special order for Thursday
next at twelve o'clock. Is that agreeable to
the Senator from Kansas?
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 shall object to any
arrangement in reference to this bill. I think
the time of the Senate and the time of the coun-
try has been taken up enough in the last ten
years in order to promote the interests of the
negro race. I shall, therefore, object to any
arrageinent whatever.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware objects, and therefore the only way
in which it can be reached would be by having
the bill in some way before the Senate, and
being before the Senate it can be made a spe-
cial order by a two-thirds vote. When it is
not before the Senate, it requires unanimous
consent to do anything in regard to it. The
Post Office appropriation bill is before the
Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I move that the ap-
propriation bill be laid on the table tempora-
rily in order to make a special assignment of
the school bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
stated that the motion to lay on the table is
not debatable, but Senators have proceeded to
debate it. The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Massachusetts, to lay the Post
Office appropriation bill on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that. Let us know whether the busi-
ness of the country is all to be postponed to
consider this school bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 32 ; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Ames, Cameron. Clayton, Cragin,
Edmunds. Flanagan, Frelinghuysen.llailan, Hitch-
cock, Kellogg, Lewis, Nye, Pomcroy, Rice. Sawyer,
Spencer, Stewart. Sumner, and Wilson—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Boreman, Buck-
ingham, Casserly, Cole, Cooper, Corbett, Davis of
West Virginia. Fenton. Ferry of Connecticut, Ferry
of Michigan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Maryland. Ham-
ilton of Texas, Ilamtin, Johnston, Logan, Morrill
of Maine, Norwood, Pratt, Saulsbury, Seott, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Trumbull,
Vickers, West, Windom, and Wrigbt—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Brownlow,
Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler. Conkling, Davis of
Kentucky, Goldthwaite, Hill. Howe, Kelly, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Ram-
sey, Rnnsoin, Robertson, Sehurz, Thurmun, and
Tipton—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Post Office
appropriation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator pardon
me one moment? I now wish to give notice
that on Thursday next, at twelve o'clock, I
shall move to proceed with the consideration
of the school bill.
Mr. NYE. I wish to appeal now to the
honorable Senator from Minnesota to let me
take the sense of the Senate upon the bill con-
cerning the elections m Idaho and Washington
Territories.
Mr. VICKERS. I desire to offer a substi-
tute for the school bill, which I wish to have
printed. ;
The^ VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection it will be ordered to be piinted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to hear it
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires
unanimous consent to read it, as the Senator
from Minnesota in entitled to the floor.
Mr. EDMONDS. I do not make any objec-
tion to the Senator's offering the amendment,
and I withdraw the demand for the reading
if it requires unanimous consent.
Mr. CONKLING. I demand the regular
order.
Mr. WINDOM. That is what I was de-
manding.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The regular
order is the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. CONKLING. 'I insist on the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection to the proposition of
the Senator from Maryland, which requires
unanimous consent, and also the proposition
of the Senator from Nevada, which requires
unanimous consent, unless the Post Office bill
is laid on the table.
Mr. NYE. 1 desire to say just one word.
I hope the Senate will allow me to take a vote
on this question to-morrow morning, for really
something ought to be done.
Mr. MORTON. I hope so, too. I think it
ought to be disposed of.
Mr. NYE. The question is whether the
election there shall be in the coming mouth or
in November.
presidential approvals.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Horace Pouter, his Secretary,
announced that, the President had, on the 2d
instant, approved and signed the act (S. No.
724) supplementary to an act entitled ''An
act to incorporate the Texas Pacific Railroad
Company and to aid in the construction of its
road, and for otter purposes," approved
March 3, 1871.
The message also announced that the Pres-
ident had, on the 3d instant, approved and
signed the act (S. No. 933) to amend an act
approved February 28, 1871, amending an act
approved May, 31, 1870, entitled "An net to
enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of this
Union, and for other purposes.''
