1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
437
of the country; a wisdom which has been mani-
fested by the just and humane policy adopted
toward the Indian tribes; yes, sir. and which,
in my opinion, has been most signally exhibited
in the manner in which he treated the whole
San Domingo question. He knew that the
Government had from time to time been reach-
ing out its hand for Cuba, that it had made
appropriations to secure the use of Samana
bay, that it had made an inchoate treaty for
St. Thomas, and when the offer of San Do-
mingo was made to the nation through him,
he felt in duty bound to entertain it. Had
he refused so to do, had he said the American
people shall not have the opportunity of exer-
cising their judgment or their will as to this
acquisition, he would have been guilty of an
arrogance to which he is a stranger. He
submitted the whole matter to the people,
and having so done, has not put forth a single
effort to interfere with their will, and has thus
fulfilled the promise of his inaugural address,
wherein he declared that he should have no
policy contrary to the will of the people.
1 have full confidence in his patriotism and
integrity, and if in theheatof political debate
his integrity shall be assailed, he will be un-
affected by the effort, and will stand as un moved
as are the rocks of Gibraltar by the tides that
rise and fall at their base.
1 give my vote in favor of amnesty in some
degree because of the opinions expressed by
the Representatives of the people and by a
President in whom I have all confidence. It
may be, too, that there are intelligent men at
the South now excluded from holding office
who would be useful to the public were they
again intrusted with power. I am willing,
at all events, to see if there is yet power in
extending still further the humane policy
which has been heretofore adopted toward
those who rebelled against the best Govern-
ment on earth.
Mr. FLANAGAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at four
o'clock and twenty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 17, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D., Chaplain of the
Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
public buildings at fall lllver.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent., laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a reso-
lution of the House, in relation to the erection
of public buildings at Fall River, Massachu-
setts ; which, on motion of Mr. Bcffinton. was
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
fourteenth amendment.
The SPEAKER also-, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Governor of the State of Virginia,
transmitting a joint resolution of the General
Assembly of that State in relation to the four-
teenth constitutional amendment; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
order of business.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the regu-
lar order.
Mr. MAYNARD, I hope that the gentle-
man will suspend the call for the regular order
until I can make a report.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the morning hour now begins, at
eleven minutes past twelve o'clock. Reports
are in order from the Committee on the Terri-
tones
Mr. MAYNARD. I hope the gentlemen
of the Committee on the Territories will permit
me 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has frequently
ruled that when the regular order is culled
for and the morning hour begins he will not
permit the business of the morning hour to be
interrupted by requests for unanimous consent.
No reports from the Committee on the Terri-
tories were presented.
pensions.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported back,
with amendments, the bill (H. R. No. 511)
fixing the time from which pensions heretofore
granted, or which may b.e hereafter granted,
shall commence, and extending the time for
the filing of applications for the same.
The bill, which was read, provides that all
pensions which have been granted or may
hereafter be granted for or in consequence of
death occurring or wounds received or disease
contracted in the military or naval service of
the United States in the late war for the sup-
pression of the rebellion shall commence and
be payable from the date of the discharge or
the death of the person on whose account the
pension has been or shall hereafter be granted;
provided that the application for such pen-
sion has been or shall be filed with the Com-
missioner of Pensions before the 1st day of
January, 1873, excepting that applications in
behalf of insane persons and children under
sixteen years of age may be filed after the
expiration of that time, if previously thereto
they were without guardians or other proper
legal representatives. But this act is not to
apply to pensions granted under special laws.
The second section repeals all acts and parts
of acts inconsistent with the provisions of the
bill.
The amendments reported by the commit-
tee were read, as follows:
In line thirteen of section one, strike out "1873,"
after the word " January," and insert "1874."
At the end of section one add these words: "nor
to the increase of pensions authorized by the first
section of the act of June 6, 1866, and by the second
section of the act of July 25,1866."
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HAWLEY. I would like to inquire
how this bill gets before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is reported by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions on their regu-
Jar call.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. It is unan-
imously reported by that committee.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
frederick a. garlick.
Mr. WAKEMAN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back a bill (H. R.
No. 497) granting a pension to Frederick A.
Garlick, of Cortland county, New York.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Frederick A. Garlick, of Cort-
land county, New York, at the rate of fifteen
dollars per month, to commence May 18,1871,
the date of the amputation of his limb.
' The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WAKEMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
anna butterfield.
Mr. WAKEMAN also, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 1057) granting a pension to Anna Butter-
field, mother of James A. B. Butterfield.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roH, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Anna Butter-
field, mother of James A. B. Butterfield, late
a sergeant of the second Illinois cavalry, whe
lost his life by the burning of the steamer Sul-
tana, April 27,1865, and pay her a pension at
the rate of eight dollars per month from the
passage of the act and during her widowhood.
Mr. BIRD. I ask for the reading of the
report in that case.
Mr. MOORE. There is no report, but the
petition sets forth all the facts, and I ask that
it be read in explanation of the bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the Congress of Ike United States:
Your petitioner, the undersigned, would respect-
fully represent thatshe is themotherof James A. B.
Butterfield, who enlisted on the 19th day of July, A.
D.1S61, in theseeond regiment of Illinois cavalry; that
he was promoted to the grade of sergeant, and in
that capacity served faithfully audhonorably to the
end of his enlistment, as the accompanying official
report fully represents; that after the expiration of
his enlistment he continued to serve the Government
as a clerk in thequartermaster'sdopartmont, aposi-
tion to, whichhe had been detailed before his term
of service expired ; that he continued in this capacity
till the close of the war, and, on his way home, with
many of his old comrades.• lost his lite on the Mis-
sissippi river by the burning of the steamer Sul-
tana, on the27th day of April. A. D. 1865. His papers
of discharge and detail accompanying were found
on his body when it was recovered, but his watcb,
ring, and money, and all articles of whatever value
were stolen from his person.
Your petitioner further respectfully represents
that she is now aged and infirm, being in her sev-
enty-first year ; that said Sergeant Butterfield was
her only child, the stay and support of her declining
years ; that by his death she lost her whole depend-
ence and support. She has never applied for a pen-
sion, because she has been discouraged therefrom by
representation that her case did not come within the
provisions of the law. Of this she does not feel com-
petent, to judge. She only knows that she lost her
boy while he was in the service of the United States;
that she gave him freely to ber country's cause, and
she now respectfully asks that the Government so
faithfully served by her son will not in her age and
need neglect the mother.
ANNA BUTTERFIELD.
Nashua, New Hampshire, December 1,1871.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WAKEMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
marsaret oosgins.
Mr. MOORE, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. B. No. 1058) granting a
pension to Margaret Coggins, widow of Philip
Coggins. late a private company A, eleventh
regiment Massachusetts volunteers; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Margaret Coggins, widow of Philip
Coggins, late a private of company A, eleventh
regiment Massachusetts volunteers, and pay
her a pension from the passage of this act, and
during her widowhood, of eight dollars per
month.
Mr. BIRD. I ask for the reading of the
report in this case'.
Air. MOORE. There is no report, but I
will make a brief statement in the case. Philip
Coggins of company A, eleventh regiment
Massachusetts volunteers, was wounded at
Fair Oaks in 1862. He remained in hospital
nearly a year in consequence of the wound he
then received. He was discharged on a sur-
geon's certificate of disability, and he went
home on crutches. He was never able afrer-
ward to walk without crutches. Soon after
he returned home he made application for a
pension. His papers were good. Thereisno
sort of doubt about his being entitled to a pen-
sion. While his pension claim was pending
