1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE COHGftE&SlONAL GLOBE.
385'
42i> 'Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Maynard.
Ho. op Reps.
deducting from them such as properly and
legitimately _ result froto events since I860—
the expenditures to-day, aside from those
growing out of the war, are really, per capita,
less than they were during the administration
of Mr. Buchanan ; that, too, without taking into
account the expenditures attendant upon the
Alaska purchase, the disturbed condition of
the-South, the diminished value of the pre-
cious metals by reason of their increased pro-
duction, and the consequent diminished pur-
chasing power of money, or the increased
departmental expense occasioned by the en-
largement of the pension-list and the increase
of the public debt. I will append some
tabular statements to my printed remarks,
Appendix A.
The Committee of Ways and Means, in view
of such redundancy of the public revenues, set
to work at the beginning of the session to de-
vise a scheme by which they should be re-
" duced and taxation diminished. Their labors
have resulted in two bills, that reported by the
chairman [Mr. Dawes] in behalf of the ma-
jority of the committee, and that introduced
by a member of the committee, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,]
upon the call of his State, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, he having
failed to obtain leave to introduce it as em-
bodying the views of the minority of the com-
mittee. 1 will add that it is the first time since
T have had any, connection with this House
that a minority of one of the standing commit-
tees has been refused permission to submit
their views in connection with the report of
the majority. These two bills are, however,
before the House ; one presented by the major-
ity, and the other by the minority of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I am not at liberty
under the rules of the House to say who com-
pose the majority and the minority of the com-
mittee ; but I will read a paragraph from the
speech of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] made the other day, in which he says;
" It was the first time since the war that any
Speaker had ventured to constitute a Committee of
W ay-- and Me mi s a majority of which was ia favor
of revenue reform."
Now I suppose it is no violation of confi-
dence to say that nerither the chairman, [Mr.
Dawes,] nor the gentleman from New York
on ray right, [Mr. E. nL Roberts,] nor the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley}
who spoke yesterday, nor myself, have ever
been classed among the self-styled revenue
reformers.
I propose to inquire into the character of
these bills so far as to see what burdens are
removed, and the reason and propriety of mak-
ing specific removals. It will be noticed that
one difference between the majority and mi-
nority bills is this: the majority bill places the
tariff in the begitiniug and the internal rev-
ertul irt the latter part of the bill, while the
minority bill reverses the order, placing the
internal revenue part first and the tariff last.
The principal articles of taxation under our
internal ravenae system now are spirits aud
tobacco. As gentlemen are aware, our reduc-
tion of internal taxes has been very marked
and r'apfci during the years since the war. The
following table gives the collections for each
yettr since this system of taxation went into
bperation:
  : $4i,oo3,i92 93
1SW.L..,.;   .117.145,748 52
 —.....211,129,529 17
1866.   ~ 310,906,984 17
1857...,...:   265,920,474 6s
1898.:  191,180,664 28
1869....... i...„   160,039 3M 29
1870      v. 185,235,887 97
871 : 144,011,176 24
®T2*   ;.130,000,000 00
 i .     ..126.000,000 00
* Estimate# by ibe receipts ui> to this time.
t Estimated b}' Secretary of Treasury.
42a £Lonft, 2x> Sess.^No* 25.
The opinion generally prevails that spirits
and tobacco are outlaws which anybody may
pursue, wolves' heads which all the world may
strike when they get the chance. In several
of the countries of Europe where tobacco is
not produced, and where the materials for
producing spirits, if found at all, are found in
limited quantities and come in competition
with the demand of those articles for food, a
principle of taxation prevails quite inappli-
cable to this country, where we have almost a
monopoly of tobacco, and where we produce
in abundance the grain, fruits, and molasses
out of which spirits are distilled, and the pro-
duction of which is one of our principal agricul
tural interests, and the distillation of which is
one of our largest manufacturing industries.
Many people in this country support them-
selves, they obtain their livelihood, by the
production of spirits and by the growth and
manufacture of tobacco.
The tax on spirits was, from the first, found
difficult to collect. For years there was a
Struggle between the Government and the
whisky interest, which resulted in the law of
July 20,1808—the law, with a few amendments,
at this time in force. That law was a trial and
art experiment, to ascertain whether itwas pos-
sible to collect a tax or not from distilled
spiiits. The result has been that during the
present year a tax of nearly fifty million dollars
will be collected from that article. But it, is a
hard and harsh-law. The punishtaents inflicted
are fixed inflexibly by the statute, and except
within comparatively small limits little is left
to the discretion of the courts. It is partic-
ularly and especially hard upon the small dis-
tillers. In fact, the small distiller is prevented
from carrying on his occupation. Take, for
example, one who can produce only from ten
to fifteen gallons a day, and who in fact does
produce no more than from six to eight gal-
lons a day. Before he can commence work
he must give a bond in a penalty of not less
than $5,000, which, I need not say, is an impos-
sibility to many a poor man. He must then pay
a special tax of $400. He must pay a store-
keeper five dollars a day besides the gauger's
fee, and two dollars aday every day his distill-
ery is run. These and other embarrassments
thrown around the business make it practically
impossible for the small distillation ofthe coun-
try to be continued. As a consequence men
feel that they are oppressed, and surely " op-
pression maketh the wise man tnad." We thus
have illicit distillation ; violations of the law
by fraud and force ; from time to time we hear
of raids upon distilleries, the breaking up of
their establishments, the destruction of their
property, and the arrest and imprisonment of
their persons.
The committee thought, and so did the inter-
nal revenue office, that this law was unneces-
sarily rigorous. They propose therefore to
abolish these several taxes, and to impose a
tax of sixty-five cents on the gallon in lieu of
them all. They propose also to abolish the
tax on the sale of spirits, many times, col-
lected upon the same, according to the number
of times it is transferred from hand to hand.
This part of the hill has received much care,
both from the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] and myself, to whom it was specially
assigned. Should it become a law any oue
may engage iu distilling who, without fraud or
concealment, will honestly and in good faith
pay the proposed tax of sixty-five cents per
gallon on all the liquor He makes, be it much
or little.
Probably no subject, not all other subjects
together, have occupied the time of the Com-
mittee of Ways aud Means so much as the tax
upon tobacco.
Early in the session we had a delegation on
this subject; and delegations have continued to
come iu from the West aud the East, the North .
and the needy South. St. Louis, Chicago, De-
troit, Cincinnati, Louisville, New Joik, Phila-
delphia, Baltimore, Richmond, Lvnchburg,
Petersburg have been represented by delega-
tions, colored and white, by manufacturers, by
merchants, and by the unemployed laborers
themselves, whose labor in the manufacture
of tobacco constitutes their livelihood. The
delegations have urged us, in conformity
with recommendations ofthe internal revenue
department, to make the tax on tobacco uni-
form. As the law now .stands, it will be rec-
ollected, the tax on smoking tobacco anil fine-
cut shorts is but sixteen cents a pound, while
on plug tobacco it is thirty-two cents a pound,
there being thus a higher tax upon an article
which in many instances is of less value than
that which pays, the lower tax. This it, an in-
equality which the internal revenue depart-
ment desires to have obviated.
The plug-tobacco interest has urged us to
make the tax uniform. Those interested in
smoking tobacco and fine cut shorts, while ad-
mitting that the tax ought to be made uniform,
have insisted that it should not be more than
sixteen cents a pound; that even this is two
or three hundred' per cent, upon tjie value of
the tobacco, and is as high a tax as it will
possibly bear. The bill of the majority- pro-
poses a uniform tax,of twenty cents a pound,
while the bill of the- minority proposes a uni-
form tax of sixteen 'cents a pound. The bill
of the majority abolishes the bonded ware-
houses for manufactured tobacco, the minority
bill retains them.
The income tax is permitted to fall by its
own weight. Neither the majority nor the
minority bill proposes to reenact it. It ex-
pires by limitation of existing law with the
income of the last year, now in process of
collection.
Both the majority and the minority bills
repeal the tax on gas, amounting to nearly
three millions annually. Both bills also pro-
pose to remove to a large extent taxation
by stamps, the difference being that the reduc-
tion under the majority bill amounts to only
$3,650,000, while that under the minority bill
amounts to $11,500,000. The proposed re-
duction of internal taxes, estimated upon the
business of the last fiscal year, would under
the majority bill be $13,988,000, while, the
reduction by the minoiity hill would be
$27,320,000.
In this connection 1 beg to call the attention
of the House to a passage in the speech of my
associate from Kentucky, fJIr. Beck,] as
follows: J
"Indeed, wo have framed an internal revenue bill
so fair and just that with all their disposition to
attack and destroy it they have beeb unable, or
have not dared in a bill of forty printed pages
which they have submitted, to alter twenty lines of
our bill, but have contented themselves with copy-
ing verbatim page after page of it, the principal
chango being a reduotion in the rate on tobacco,
which only affects the revenue to the amount of say
four million dollars, which it really makes but little
difference whether we adopt or reject.
" I am rather inclined at present to vote for the
reduction they propose."
I shall not stop to discuss a question of good
taste with my associate on the committee as
to what the minority would "dare" or not
"dare" to do; that is a matter not worth
discussing. But a word more on the subject
ot* the tobacco tax-. I wish to show where
and upon whom this tax falls. Tobacco is,
I believe, generally regarded as exclusively a
southern growth, and limited to some half
dozen States at most; classed, like cotton,
hemp, and sugar, among the labor products
of the freedmen. This is but partly true ; the
North and West contribute $ share.
I havehere the report of the statistician .of
the Agricultural Department for the year
1870, by which I find that twenty one States
of the Uuiou have produced tobacco, the
quantities varying in value from $4,230,000 ia
