1334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third lime.
The bill, which was read, directs the Adju-
tant. General of the Army to remove the charge
of desertion from the name of Seth M. Whit-
ten, late private company K, fourth regiment
of Michigan infantry, and that the said Seth
M. Whitten shall be allowed and paid the back
pay and bounty due him in the same manner
and to the same extent as if the said charge
of desertion had never been made.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I ask the Clerk to
read a letter from the Secretary of War in
relation to this bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
War Department, February 1,1872.
The Secretary of War has the honor to transmit
to the House ot Representatives, for the information
of tbo Committee on Military Affairs, in accordance
with its request therefor, a, statementof the facts in
the case ef Seth M. Whitten, formerly a privateof
company IC, fourth Michigan volunteers, as shown
by papers on filo in this Department.
WM. W. BELKNAP.
Secretary of War.
Seth M. Whitten enlisted March 3, 1864; served
with his company until August 17, 1864, from which
date to Febrnaiy 2S, 1865. he is reported "absent
Bick April 30,1865, he is borne as " present," and
Juno 30, 1865. as "absent." He deserted at New
Orleans, Louisiana, July 5,1865. In March, 1867, ho
applied lor a discharge, and upon the recommenda-
tion of Genoral Hoolcer, in consideration of his gal-
lant conduct (luring the continuance of hostilities,
lie was granted an honorablo discharge, April 29,
1867, with loss of pay, bounty, and allowances, result-
ing from tho act of desertion.
Certificates from prominent citizcns of Michigan
set forth his good charater arid loyal bearing. The
orderly sergeant and other members of his company
oertify to his good and gallant condnct whilo with
his company.
Mr. STOUGHTON. There is also evidence
showing that this man, at the time he left bis
regiment, was very sick, and that he left with
the full knowledge of his lieutenant and orderly
sergeant. This is one of those cases where tho
charge of desertion really ought to be removed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly rend the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
f> W. STANDliFEU.
Mr. STOUGII TON, from thesamc commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. it. No. 1777) for the
relief of G. W. Siandefer; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the proper
accounting officer ot' the Treasury to audit and
allow the claim of G. W. Standefer, for ser-
vices rendered as a telegraph operator, by
direction of the military authorities of the
United States in the war of the rebellion, for
a period not exceeding six months, at the rate
of $100 per month, provided it shall be sub-
stantially proved that such services were act-
ually rendered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider Be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
walter j. lee.
Mr. STOUGHTON also reported from the
same committee, with a recommendation that
it pass, a bill (H. It. No. 1778) for the relief
of Walter J. Lee: which was read a first and
second time.
The bill directs the Paymaster General of
the Army to pay to Walter J. Lee, late second
lieutenant of the twenty eighth Michigan vol-
unteers, the amount of pay and allowances
withheld from him by sentence of court-mar-
tial and subsequently ordered to be paid him
by command of Brevet General Ruger,
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read tho third time, and passed.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. STOUGHTON also, from the same
committee, reported adversely upon the fol-
lowing petitions; which were laid on the table:
Petition of David Yates, late of company
K, third Tennessee cavalry, for $100 bounty
lost to him by neglect of his attorney;
Petition of Charles Watson, of Lowell, Mas-
sachusetts, for compensation for services per-
formed by him in aid of Union prisoners in
Libby prison; and
Petition of Lieutenant Thomas Newell, for
relief from responsibility for Government funds
destroyed by fire.
major general d. c. buell.
Mr. STOUGHTON. _ I am also instructed
by the Committee on Military Affairs to report
the following resolution, with a recommenda-
tion that it be adopted :
Retvlved, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, directed to furnish this House with a,copy
of the proceedings of the military commission insti-
tuted by tho War Department in the year 1862, to
inciuiro into the operations and conduct of Major
General Don Carlos Buotl, including all letters, dis-
patches, opinions, and orders on file in that Depart-
ment relative thereto.
The services of Major General Buell in the
early part of the war of the rebellion were
very valuable. Ilis executive ability, military
genius, and celerity of movement inspired gen-
eral confidence and contributed largely to the
decisive victory of Shiloh. The subsequent
occupation of the captured territory, (a ser-
vice always irksome to the soldier, and afford-
ing a limited field for distinction and glory,)
his march in pursuit of the confederate army
under General Bragg in Kentucky, and the
apparently unsatisfactory results of the baltle
ot' Perryville, have been criticised with more
or less severity. The time has not probably
yet arrived when the .results of his strategic
combinations upon the final success of our
arms can be dispassionately estimated. The
commission appointed under the authority of
the War Department in 1862 fully investigated
his operations in the field, but the evidence
has never been published. There are now no
reasons of a public nature requiring the sup-
pression of the information and facts elicited,
and the committee respectfully urge the adop-
tion of the resolution which I have the honor
to present.
Mr. MOORE. I wish to inquire the object
of the resolution. Is it that the proceedings
of that court-martial or military investigation
shall be published ?
Mr. Si'OUGHTON. That is the object of
the resolution.
Mr. MOORE. Is that all?
Mr. STOUGHTON. That is the main and
I apprehend the only object.
Mr. McHENRY. I will answer the gen-
tleman from Illinois, as I introduced the reso-
lution.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I will yield to the
gentleman in one moment. I wish to say that
whenever an officer is tried by a court-martial
or military commission he is entitled to a copy
of the record of that tribunal. From the day
when this commission was held till the pres-
ent time General Buell has never had a copy
of that record. He is entitled to it as an
officer and a man. He ought not to be longer
deprived of it.
Mr. MOORE. I was about to say, Mr.
Speaker, in regard to these calls upon the
Secretary of War for copies of the proceed-
ings of courts-martial and other investiga-
tions of this character, that he has frequently
informed committees of this House, time and
again, that he is unable to comply with them *
in consequence of the smaliness of tho force
which has been furnished him by the Govern-
ment. Various committees have made appli-
cation to the War Department for information,
and they have received this answer. Now,
when the Secretary of War has not sufficient
force to enable him to furnish these copies,
expensive as they are, I think it unjust to
make such detftands upon him unless we pro-
pose to give liim additional force.
Mr. McHENRY. I hope thatthegentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Moore] will not interpose
any objection to this resolution. I offered it
early in the session, and it was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs. It has re-
ceived the unanimous approbation, I believe,
of that committee. It is a matter of jus-
tice to General Buell that this record should
be published. He was one of the most dis-
tinguished officers of our Army. It was an
investigation into his military record. He
has never seen it. He does not know what
are the findings against him or for him in the
case. But he believes it to be an approval of
his course. As a matter of justice to him
this resolution ought to pass, and I hope the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Moore] will
withdraw any objection he may have made to it.
Mr. MOORE. I have no doubt at all but
this Government has done ample justice to
General Buell, and that he is suffering in no
degree whatever by any act of injustice on
the part of the War Department, or of the
Government ; and I consider there is no
necessity for our bringing forth and publish-
ing the proceedings of the War Department
in regard to this case, any more than in refer-
ence to any other case which has been adju-
dicated upon and settled by the War Depart-
ment.
Mr. STOUGHTON. The reason given by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Moore] is
a good reason perhaps to furnish to the Secre-
tary of War, and I will cooperate with him at
any time in that respect. But there is no
reason why these records should be withheld
from the public, or an act of justice denied to
General Buell. I now ask a vote.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. STOUGHTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. HAY, from the same committee, reported
adversely on the following cases ; and the same
were severally laid on the table:
The petition of H. D. Stockton, formerly
sergeant company B, third regiment Arkansas
cavalry;
The petition of Harriet M. White ;
The bill (H. R. No. 1346) for the relief of
Catherine Harris ;
The petition of Elizabeth Wolf, widow of
John P. Wolf, late of company D, third Mary
land, and company E, sixth invalid corps;
The petition of Mrs. Susan Giles ;
The bill (H. R. No. 1283) to pay bounty to
certain military organizations therein named ;
and
The petition of Louis Benecke, of the four-
teenth regiment New York volunteers for re-
lief.
Mr. SLOCUM, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the following cases;
and the same were severally laid on the table :
The memorial of William J. Scott, of Mor-
gan county, Tennessee, praying Congress for
compensation for services as aid-de-camp to
General Spear;
The memorial of Elijah Jones, a citizen of
Tennessee, eighty-two years old, praying to be
discharged from the Army of the United
States, and to be paid for his services during
the rebellion;
The petition of Benjamin D. Perley;
