438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
the soldier died. The circumstances of the
case are these: this soldier was very much
reduced in consequence of bis wounds, which
had never healed. He had never been able to
walk alone after he was wounded. On coming
down stairs he fell, and died in a few days
afterward. He spoke only once after his fall.
The committee are aware that the case is
peculiar, but they are alsj aware that it is one
of great merit. The srrgeon who attended
him in general testified tliat the wound was of
such severity, and this soldier was so much
reduced from the effects of the wound, that
he is himself satisfied that the death of the
soldier resulted in consequence of his wound.
I will say further that the testimony is com-
plete in reference to the character of this sol-
dier. He was a temperate man. A number
have testified to this point, it was testified by
those who knew him before he was wounded
and afterward. His widow is poor and desti-
tute. On the assump'ion that he was entitled
to a pension, of which there is no doubt, we
have provided m this bill that his widow shall
receive it during her widowhood. If his pen-
sion claim had been granted, his pension would
have dated back to the time when he was dis-
charged from the hospital. Had that pension
been granted before his death, his widow and
minor child surviving would have been entitled
to full pens-ion. But. the pension certificate
did not issue, and while the claim was pending,
as I have already ?aid, the soldier died. This
bill gives his widow a pension only from the
date of the passage of this act and during her
widowhood. It seems to me that this poor
and helpless woman, having endured so much
hardship, having lost her husband from wounds
received in the service of the country, ought
to have at, least the relief which is proposed
fiom the hands of the Government. I think
the case is a clear one, and that this pension
ought to be granted.
Mr. KERR. T should like to make an in-
quiry. Has the widow in this case married
ufier the death of her husband on account of
whose services this relief is proposed?
Mr. MOORE. She is still the widow of the
deceased soldier, and in poor and destitute
circumstances.
Mr. KERR. I asked the question because
I thought., from the course of the gentleman's
■remarks, that she bad remarried.
Mr. MOORE. Not at all.
Mr. K.ERR. I am in favor of the bill, then.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PIICEBE HASKELL.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1050) granting
a pension to Phosbe Haskell, widow ot Sidney
Smith; which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Mrs. Phrebe Haskell, who was the
widow of Sidney Smith, master commandant in
the United States Navy, the said Smith having
died in the service, and her last husband hav-
ing died also, leaving her in destitute circum-
stances at an advanced age, and pay her the
sum or thirty dollars per month from the day
of the passage of this act, and during her
widowhood.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, I desire to
ask the chairman of the Committee on Invalid
Pensions whether lie reports this bill with the
consent of the committee.
Mr. MOORE. He does.
Mr, SPJ3ER,, of Pennsylvania. Was not, thg
gentleman to make a statement of the circum-
stances under which this bill was reported?
Mr. MOORE. Most assuredly, and I will
do so. I am instructed by the committee to-
report this bill, and to ask that it be put upon
its passage. At the same time I whs instructed
by the committee to make a statement in ref-
erence to the peculiar character of the bill.
Mrs. Haskell was in receipt of a pension in
consequence of the death of her former hus-
band, a master commandant in the United
States Navy. She received that pension from
1827, the date of her husband's death, to July,
1837, the date of her subsequent marriage.
The pension was continued to h?r children
until the last one became sixteen years of age,
in August, 1842. Her last husband died on the
5th day of January, 1852. Now, itis known, as
a matter of course, to every member of tnis
House, that the marriage of a widow discon-
tinues her pension, and that when she again
becomes a widow she has no claim under the
pension laws to draw her pension. This case
has been presented to us as a case specially
meritoiious. The widow is about seventy
years of age now, and is very poor and de-
pendent. Her last husband, as I have said,
died in 1852, and she is now living on the
chances of the charity of others.
1 will now yield to my friend from New
York, [Mr. Wheeler,] who is perfectly ac-
quainted with the case, and who desires to
make a remark.
Mr. WHEELER. The chairman of the com-
mittee has accurately stated the facts of the
case. This bill passed the last House, and failed
in the Senate only for want of time. It was
carefully examined by Mr. Benjamin, the chair-
man of the committee during the last Con-
gress, and he informed me that there were sev-
eral precedents for it. I have not looked for
them myself. There was a large fund contrib-
uted by naval officers for the purposes of pen-
sions and covered into the Treasury. This
fund amounts to several million dollars, and
this widow, I think, has an equitable claim on
it for relief.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I feel it to be
my duty to call the attention of the House to
this bill, as a specimen of a good many which
we are likely to have before us. It is a fixed
principle m our pension laws, as the chairman
of the committee has correctly stated, that
pensions to the widows of deceased soldier%
cease when they marry again. Now, that
principle is broad and general, and as nearly
universal as any principle that has ever en-
tered into our pension laws. As applied to
the widows of soldiers of the war of 1812,
it is perfectly manifest, from the very lapse
of time, that thousands on thousands of these
widows are excluded by that principle. If,
now, we break through that rule, and say that
a special case shall be taken up, where the
widow remarried long subsequently to the date
of her first husband's death, and where the
second husband also died, and that a pen-
sion shall be granted in such a case, I see no
reason in the world why we should not open
the law to the case of every widow in those
circumstances who is poor. If so, the merits
of the case must rest, not on the general prin-
ciple of the law of service, but on the means
of the person who asks for a special bill.
Now, if it comes to that, there 4s not a man
on this floor who cannot bring scores of cases,
I might almost say hundreds of cases, from his
district of old widows of soldiers of the war of
1812, who have had one, two, or three hus-
bands since the war, but who are now again
widows, and I ask the House to consider this
case not merely on its own merits but as it
stands related to ail other cases.
The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wheeler] says he understands that last year
there were two or three precedents citgd for
the proposed action. Now, if there were such
precedents, tbey were cases which \yere got
through i^s £hi§ bill will be pt tjirq^gh^ jf at
all, simply because of the deserving character
and suffering condition of the widows for whom
they were asked, and not on the ground of
the general duty that the Government of the
United States owes to its dead soldiers. I beg
the House, therefore, to pause before they
carry on the precedents in this line If we
have already made two or three such prece-
dents, they were sporadic and exceptional
cases; and if any gentleman can show that
this case will be any more exceptional than
two or three or ten thousand cases that can be
brought here, I hope he will do it. 1 hope the
House will not pass this bill. I hope the
House will act in view of the effect of this
action on our future legislation. Our pension
list lias now swollen beyond all account, far
beyond anything ever known in the country.
What was done last winter for the soldiers of
the war of 1812 and their widows has already
set a precedent that has been pressed on all
sides. There have come to meand I have pre-
sented a number of petitions asking that all
the soldiers of the Mexican war be let in on
the same terms as those of the soldiers of the
war of 1812 are let in; and it would be diffi-
cult to show any reason why we should not do
that.
One word more, and I have done. A large
number of men have sent letters to me saying
that they served, some of them through one
hundred battles. One of them says, ''It is
true that I did not get wounded, but 1 served
as faithfully as any man. Why should not I
have a pension for my services duiing the late
war as well as a man who served only sixty
days, and never was in a battle? I am as
poor as any of these men." Now, I ask the
House to consider the case, as it will relate to
our future action.
Mr. WHEELER. I would ask the chair-
man of the committee if he has the petition
accompanying this bill, and if so, I will ask
him to have if. read.
Mr. MOORE. I do not think it is neces-
sary to take up the time of the House in
reading the petition. In my first remarks I
stated the merits of this case completely and
the law in reference to it. I wish to remark,
in regard to the statement of the gentleman
from Ohio about precedents, thatit is needless
for gentlemen to speak About precedents, and
about opening the door to claims. There is
no possible case that could arise, or at least
there are no kinds of cases that have occurred
in the past that have not been examined by
the Committee on Pensions, and bills passed
in reference thereto, and passed upon the
merits of the particular case as it presented
itself at the time. Should a bill like this pass
on account of its peculiar merits and of the
peculiar circumstances connected with the
case, on account of the extreme age of the
claimant, from consideration of the fact that
the pension could not by any possibility long
be drawn, it would not open the door to the
claim of another widow unless that caso in it-
self appear to be'a particularly grievous one.
If this House should discover that there was
a case peculiarly grievous and of great hard-
ship, why, then, they would not ask for a pre-
cedent,, but would simply come to the relief
of such a person if they could do so with any
justice to the country.
Now, sir, I am not particular about this case,
but I want the House fully to understand it,
and I believe they do understand it. This widow
is now poor, and seventy-odd years of age. A
large petition signed by citizens imploring Con-
gress to render assistance to this lady is here
on file, and if the House does not acquiesce in
granting the prayer of that petition, why the
committee will not, feel at all that they have
been unkindly dealt with. But I do say that
while there is such a disposition to watch every
pension case here, it would look well if the
House should manifest an equal disposition in
looking after the expenditures of the Govern-
Rigpt jp some pthey direction. Tjlis small way
