1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3127
appropriations. They have looked to Congress
to reduce your taxation. Your tariff is too
high. They desire that it shall be reduced to
some extent; and they have looked to us to
" effect that object. But they have also looked
to Congress for some reform in what is called
the civil service, and some retrenchment in
the expenditures of the Government, that it
may be brought back to its former economical
administration. But if we continue to expend
such large sums of money for subsidies, we
cannot effect the great purposes which the
people desire us to effect.
We have on our table a bill to grant a sub-
sidy for a line from New York to Cuba, and
gentlemen have been before the Committee on
Commerce to ask a subsidy for another line.
We have also a proposition to grant a subsidy
to a line to Australia; if you give new subsi-
dies or increase such as exist there is no reason
why you should discriminate. We have a bill
upon ourtable to pay for spoliations committed
on our commerce prior to 1801, which the
Government agreed to pay more than seventy
years ago. These people and their posterity
have been petitioning Congress from year to
year. Nearly five thousand petitions have been
sent up to Congress at different periods to
appropriate moneys to pay what this Govern-
ment nearly three quarters of a century ago
fegreed to pay. That bill sleeps on your table,
and the venerable Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cameron] has made repeated efforts to
bring that subject to the consideration of the
Senate, but in vain.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
five minutes have expired. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from California, [Mr. Cole,]
to have the new contract commence on the 1st
of July, 1873, instead of the 1st of October,
1873.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to say that if I
understand this question, if I am correctly
informed, under the existing law and under
the existing contracts this company is bound
to carry the mails of the United States on all
the steamers it shall run for $500,000 a year
until 1877. This company is now bound to
carry all our mails upon all its steamers, more
or less, at least once a month, for the sum of
$500,000 a year. Now it is proposed by this
amendment to the amendment to enter into a
fresh contract to begin before the old contract
is out, to carry on the same steamers which
they may ran, on which we are entitled to
have the mails carried at, the existing contract
price, an additional sum of $500,000. That
1 understand to be the question. If I am
wrong, I hope some gentleman will correct
me. If I am not wrong, I think it pretty plain
that this amendment ought not to be adopted.
Mr. COLE. I think the Senator does err a
little in this, that th^y are under no obligation
to carry the mail on any line except the China
line under the existing contract; but the prop-
osition is to bind them to carry the mail on
all their other lines.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What do you mean by
their other lines?
Mr. COLE. From New York to Aspinwall,
and from Panama to San Francisco, and from
Yokohama to Shanghai, and some other lines
at the other end ; I do not remember the exact
points, but they amount to thousands of miles
over which they have steamers running, and
that is certainly a very large consideration in
this matter, and I hope my friend will look
upon it in that light. If they are willim; to
enter into that arrangement to carry the mails
in that way I think it is an important con-
sideration. 1 deemed this correction of the
Senator's view necessary to this extent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is one little diffi-
culty about that explanation, and that is that
under this amendment as it reads I think the
Senator himself "would confess that the com-
pany would not be bound to do any such thing,
because, in the first place, the amendment
most plainly refers to the existing contracts
with the existing contractors, although it is
open to competition for carrying the mails
across the Pacific ocean, and it does not fairly
refer to anything else. Therefore, the make-
weight of toting the mails from here to Aspin-
wall, and from here to everywhere else, will
not apply in my opinion under this amend-
ment. But suppose it did, then we should be
entering into a universal partnership, so to
speak, of carriage, that wherever this com-
pany might choose to spread itself over the
globe it should carry our mails at a lumped
price everywhere.
It is not according to the principles of busi-
ness to enter into contracts of that kind. The
Postmaster General must always have con-
tracts to carry the mails on specific routes,
from one specific place to another, so as to
know where he is and what he is about, and
how much the ocean postages to be allowed
for it shall be, and all that sort of thing. So
that it really returns to the simple proposi-
tion whether this company, being now bound
to carry ourmails upon all their vessels across
the Pacific at the rate of $500,000 a year,
shall have a further contract made with them
that we will pay them more. That is all there
is to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment, offered
by the Senator from California, to change the
date of the commencement of the contract
from October 1 to July 1, 1873.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask my colleague to
state the reason for that change. The change
shortens the time for the letting, and to that
extent, of course, restricts competition for the
contract. That is one disadvantage to result.
There may be advantages which compensate,
and I should like to ask what they are.
Mr. COLE. I do not insist upon it; but if
we can get the service sooner than October,
1873, of course we should like to have it. If
Senators do not think the increased service
can be put upon the line at that time I have
no objection to withdrawing the proposition.
1 supposed nobody would raise any objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw the amendment to the amend-
ment ?
Mr. COLE. If there is any objection to it.
Mr. CASSERLY. The time was extended
on motion of the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill,] who is not now m his seat. I
should be glad if he were, because I think his
views on the subject would doubtless be use-
ful to the Senate.
Mr. COLE. If my colleague objects to it,
I will withdraw the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I would rather make the
time the 1st of September, which would be a
compromise about half way between the two
dates. I am in favor, of course, of opening this
contract t.o competition even although it may
be a mere form. My judgment is that we never
ought to put ourselves upon record on the
statute-book of the United States as denying
competition in great public contracts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Cole] accept the
suggestion of his colleague fixing the time as
September ?
Mr. COLE. Certainlv.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment chang-
ing the time from the 1st of October to the 1st
of September, 1873.
Mr, EDMUNDS. I hope it will not be
done.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs upon the amendment, upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. VICKERS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting the words " which shall be
constructed of iron" after the word "steam-
ers," and I assure the Senator from Minnesota
that I shall vote for that proposition to secure
iron steamers.
Mr. WINDOM. I hope the gentleman will
not desert his colors if I accept that. Does
the Senator mean that the entire vessel, masts
and all, shall be of iron ?
The Chief Clerk. If amended as proposed,
the amendment will then read:
All steamers hereafter accepted for said service
shall be of not leas than four thousand tons register,
and solely of American construction and shall be
of iron.
Mr. WINDOM. Does the Senator mean
wholly of iron. If it means an ordinary iron
screw steamer, I will accept the amendment.
Mr. VICKERS. It means what is under-
stood by an iron vessel.
Mr. WINDOM. 1 know it to be the inten-
tion to construct iron steam screw propellers
of four thousand tons burden. I will accept
it if I have a light to do so.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator has
not the right now to accept the amendment.
The amendment has been agreed to in Com-
mittee ofthe Whole, and the question is on con-
curring in it; and the Senator from Maryland
moved to amend the amendment-
Mr. WINDOM. I hope it will be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT put the question
and declared that the amendment to the
amendment appeared to be agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I have no information on that
question.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Theyoughtto be of iron.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless the Sen-
ator from California demands a division, the
question is settled.
Mr. COLE. I demand a division. We have
the report of very skillful and reliable naval
officers that iron ships are not the proper ships
for the navigation of the Pacific owing to
reasons which they give.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What are the reasons?
Mr. COLE. That the bottoms of the ves-
sels become foul when of iron, quicker a great
deal than when sheeted with copper. That I
am told is the case. lam not skillful in these
matters, nor have I any information directly
on the subject; but 1 have heard this from
sources upon which I rely. I think it may be
best really to have ihe ships built of wooden
materials as usual for that particular trade.
That is my judgment about it, though without
any information from any persons who are
interested in the subject.
Mr. WINDOM. 1 have information from
the parties representing this company that
they do propose to build these steamers of
iion, and as I believe they are more valuable
I am perfectly willing that requirement shall
be placed in the bill. I think for vessels of
war it would be necessary.
Mr. COLE. I withdraw the call for a
division.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California renew the demand for a
division ?
Mr. CASSERLY. I think I shall have to
ask for a division for the purpose of calling
the attention of the Senate to this subject,
which is one of very great importance. Some
Senator, I think the Senator from Oregon,
[Mr. Corbett,] stated that it was impracti-
cable to run iron ships on the Pacific ocean
because of the excessive fouling on the ship's
bottom. I should like to inquire from that
Senator, or any Senator who is better informed
than I am on that subject, whether there is
any difference between the waters of the
Pacific and the waters of the Atlantic in that
