1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1335
The memorial of Matthias Whitehead, of
Tennessee ;
The petition of Robert Miney ;
The petition of Mary Conly ;
The petition of Mrs. Elizabeth Umphrey:
The petition of Elijah Cudgington;
The petition of Theresa Casevant;
The petition of Daniel Hampton; and
The petition of William Geisel, of Louis-
ville, Kentuckey.
DANIEL OltNEK.
Mr. SLOCUM, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1238) to remove
the charge of desertion against Daniel Orner,
late private in company H, ninety-first regi-
ment Pennsylvania volunteers.
The bill was read. In its preamble it sets
forth that Daniel Orner, late a private in com-
pany H, ninety-first regiment of Pennsylvania
volunteers, stands charged on the records of
the Adjutant General's office with desertion;
and that the said Daniel Orner was on duty
with his regiment until after the surrender ot
Lee, in April, A.D. 1865, and left his regiment
because of severe illness, and because he shared
in the general belief that the war had then
closed, and was absent from his regiment but
eight hours, and afterward died from the_ effects
ot the disease contracted in the line of his duty.
The bill therefore authorizes and directs the
Adjutant General to remove the charge of de-
sertion against Daniel Orner, late private in
company H, ninety-first regiment ot Pennsyl-
vania volunteers.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SALE OF UNITED STATES PROPERTY.
Mr. SLOCUM, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 610) author-
izing the sale of certain arsenals and other
property of the United States.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to sell,
in whole or in such subdivisions as shall,
in his opinion, secure the greatest amount
of money, either by public auction or by in-
viting proposals for the purchase _ thereof,
and in either case to the highest bidder, all
the lands and tenements belonging to the
United States, and which, in the judgment
of the Secretary of War, are not necessary for
the public service; also the captured lands and
tenements belonging to the United States at
Rome, New York; Vergennes, Vermont;
Fayetteville, North Carolina; Mount,Vernon,
Alabama; and Chattahoochee, Florida, now
or heretofore used for arsenal purposes; aud
known, respectively, as Rome arsenal, Cham-
plain arsenal, North Carolina arsenal, Mount
Vernon arsenal, and Appalachicola arsenal;
also, the captured lands and tenements belong-
ing to the United States at Shreveport, Louis-
iana ; MEarshall and Jefferson, Texas; and in
Marion and Davis counties, Texas; and the
magazine tract near Augusta, in the State
of Georgia, with the buildings thereupon;
provided that no sale shall be made under this
act until the time, terms, place, and mode
thereof shall have been published in one of
the principal newspapers m the city of Wash-
ington, in two of the principal papers printed
at the capital of the State, and one paper
primed in the county in which the arsenal or
lands to be sold are situated, for the space of
sixty days prior to the sale. If no newspaper
is printed in the county where the property to
be sold is situated, then the notice shall be
published in a newspaper printed in any adjoin-
ing county. The second section provides that
the terms of payment for the property above
directed to be sold shall be in all cases not less
than one fourth cash, and the remainder on a
credit of one, two, and three years, with inter-
est at six per cent, per annum, secured by bond
and surety from the purchaser or purchasers;
and the Secretary of War is empowered and
required, on receiving the purchase-money in
full, to execute all necessary deeds of said prop-
erty to the purchaser or purchasers thereof on
behalf of the U nited States. The third section
provides that the proceeds of said sales, after
paying the necessary expenses thereof, shall,
upon receipt of the same, be paid by the Sec-
retary of War into the Treasury.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORT SANDERS MILITARY RESERVATION.
Mr. SLOCUM, from the same committee,
reported back, with an amendment, the bill
(H. R. No. 161) to reduce the area of the mili-
tary reservation of Fort Sanders, in the Ter-
ritory of Wyoming, and providing for the sur-
vey of said reservation as reduced.
The question was upon the amendment
reported by the committee.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that the military reservation of Fort Sanders,
in the Territory of Wyoming, is hereby re-
duced to an area of four square miles, and the
said reservation shall, after the passage of this
act, be limited and bounded as follows: be-
ginning at a point one mile due north of the
point where the flag-staff of Fort Sanders is
planted, and running thence due east one mile;
thence due south two miles; thence due west
two miles; thence due north two miles; and
thence due east one mile, to the place of
beginning. The second section provides that
immediately after the passage of this act it
shall be the duty of the officer commanding
the military department of the Platte, under
the direction of the Secretary of War, to cause
a direct survey of said reservation, as in sec-
tion one of this act described, to be made,
and to have posts planted at each of the cor-
ners thereof, and so marked that they will
indicate the boundaries of said reservation.
The amendment reported by the committee
was to add to the bill the following:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of the Interior Department is authorized and
directed to sell tho land heretofore constituting the
Fort Sanders military reservation, outside ot the
limits of the new reservation, as denned m section
one of this act, on such terms and in such parcels
as he may deem for the best interests ot the ttovern-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. SLOCUM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. DONNAN, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the following bill and me-
morials, and the same were laid upon the tabic :
The bill (H. R. No. 983) to aid in building
a, soldiers' monument at the national ceme-
tery near Mound City, Illinois ;
The petition of Mrs. Martha G. Wright and
Mrs. Louisa Jackson ; and
The memorial of George Calvert.
GEORGE C. IIAYNIE.
Mr. DONNAN, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 206) for tne
relief of George C. Haynie.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Paymaster
General to pay to George C. Haynie, late
capain company A, second regiment North
Carolina mounted infantry, out of any money
appropriated for the Army^ the full pay and
allowances of a captain of infantry, from the
15th day of September, 1863, to the 16th day
of August, 1865.
The report, which was read, states that the
second North Carolina regiment of mounted
infantry was recruited and officers were ap-
pointed under authority of the War Depart-
ment, there being no loyal State government
under which commissions might be issued.
The claimant was authorized to recruit a com-
pany in western North Carolina, then within
the confederate lines. He went, and was suc-
cessful, returning with one hundred men, and
was appointed captain of a company which
was mustered in the service, September 15,
1863. His appointment was forwarded to the
War Department, but before the commission
reached the regiment he was again ordered
into the same region of territory on recruiting
service. While on that duty he was captured
by the enemy and held in prison at Aslieville
and Salisbury, North Carolina, until the lat-
ter place "was captured by our forces, and the
prisoners released. The company served until
August 16, 1865, and the captaincy was held
open awaiting his return. But for his capture
by the enemy he would doubtless have been
mustered and received full pay and allowances
as captain.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ROBERT L.D. BORCHFIELD.
Mr. DONNAN, from the same committee,
reoorted back, with a recommendation that
the same do pass, House bill No. 207, for the
relief of Robert L. D. Burchfield.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Pay-
master General of the Army to pay to Robert
L. D. Burchtield, late second lieutenant of
company D, third North Carolina mounted
infantry, the full pay and allowances of second
lieutenant of infantry, from January 1, 1865, to
August 8, 1865.
Mr. DONNAN. The circumstances of this
case are almost identical with those of the one
upon which the House has just taken action.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DONNAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SELAH V. REEVE.
Mr. DONNAN, from the same committee,
reported back, with an amendment, House
bill No. 475, for the relief Selah V. Reeve,
late quartermaster sergeant of the fourth
Michigan infantry volunteers.
The question was upon agreeing to the
amendment and ordering the bill to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Fay-
master General of the United States to pay to
Selah V. Reeve, late quartermaster sergeant
of the fourth Michigan infantry volunteers,
the pay and allowances of quartermaster ser-
geant from September 1, 1861, to August 16,
1862, deducting therefrom what he may have
received on account of suck services for that
^The amendment was to strike out "August
17" and to insert " June 1."
