1872.
TfiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
402^
cause, as ifc was clearly established afterward,
they were the murderers of an innocent one-
armed soldier of the name of Stevens, and
also because in the that occurred ujloti
attempting to arrest some of the negroesthS
deputy sheriff of that coitnty was murdered, t
summoned sometenortwfelve witnesses, athorig
the rest two lawyers, one of whom had bfeen
engaged in the ihvestigation of the circum-
stances of that most deplorable transaetittfi;
Among the number was General W. H. Wal-
lace, one of the most respectable men in South
Carolina,a leading and distinguished lawyer in
the central part of the State. Kemembering
no one to whom this charge could apply per-
sonally but Mr. Wallace, 1 wrote him a letter
which I now ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
House of Representatives,
Washington, D. 0., February 29, 1872.
My Dear Sir: While at Spartanburg, South
Carolina, last summer, I wrote to some one in your
town—X do not now remember who—to furnisu me
the names of a few gentlemen who knew all the par-
ticulars ot the riot which resulted in the hanging of
some negroes who were the murderers of Stevens, so
that I might have them summoned as witnesses to
be examined at Union Court-House. Among other
gentlemen, residents ot Union, perhaps in all a half
dozen, your name was sent to me. I think, also, you
were served wifh asummons. While the committee
were at your town we were very much pressed for
time on both sides, and I did not examine all the
witnesses who were summoned, yourself being one.
in the wide and irrelevant fiold of testimony which
the investigation occupied I certainly wai not anx-
ious to prolong the time of the examination. In the
investigation of the custom-house frauds at New
York it leaked out in the testimony tnat the Gov-
ernment had organized a regular corps of spies in
the South, and that the sum of $10,000 was expended
in that beualt in South Carolina and other southern
States. The chief of these spies (a fellow the
nameof Whitlej) testified before the committee in
New York that he was in communication with Sen-
ator bcox'f, chairman of the Ku Klux committee,
■while we weie in South Carolina last summer.
Fnrthei more, the honorable Senator admitted a few
clays since, in ray presence, that he had a spy along
with the committee in South Carolina. I had not
the slightest knowledge of tills most rediarkable
proceeding, for the reason, perhaps; that I may have
been myself an object of this most unprecedented
syftern of e&piouage. At any rate, whatever its
oojeet may have been, I, as ft member of the com-
mittee, was kept in profound ignorance of the fact.
Now, m connection with all this, the following
extract from an editorial article in the Columbia
(South Carolina) Union has some significance :
" The Baltimore American, in a recent i.-sue, says
that .Mr. Van Trump, tue Democratic member of the
Ku Klux committee which visited thi^ State last
summer, summoned before said committee^a ' prom-
inent lawyer irom the central part ot the State' for
the purpose uf refuting the testimony of men who
hiid testified as to the political character of the Ku
Klux organization. Itturnedoutbeforesaid lawyer
wa* called to give in his evidence, that he stood high
in the order himself, and probably knew more than
Mr. Van Trump or his Democratic mends care to
hoar. Sullioe it to say that the testimony of this
eminent citizen was not required, ;md Mr. Van
Thump returned to Washington without eliciting
the information he desired. '
If this article means anything it points to yourself,
a< you Hie the only leading lawyer I had summoned
whom I did not examine. I have no doubt the alle-
gation is as false and unfounded as to yourself as it
is to me. I did not tail or refuse to examine any
witness because he was or had been aKu Klux: for
Ineitherpersonally norby information knew ot any
man, in South Carolina belonging to Uie organisa-
tion. There is not agentlexnan on the committee or
elsewhere who can say or insinuate that T either di-
rectly or indirectly interposedtheslightestobjection
or presented any impediment to the lullestand most
thorough proper investigation into the condition
and conduct of the southern peopte. So far as you
are concerned, the following is all that took place
Within my knowledge : alter Messrs. Shaud and
Steaduian had been examined, and who gave a very
full and detailed statement of nil the facts in regard
to the riot, the question came up whether you should
be examined. 1 think this was alter the adjourn-
ment in the e\ ening of the day before thetestimony
wns closed on froth sides at Union Oourt-Honse. it
occurred. I think, in your office, ot at least in ala.r
ofiiue nearly opposite the hotel where the committee
were stopping. There were, several gentlemen pres-
ent; whether any stranger or * spy ' was among
t.iern I do not know nor care. It was perhaps ^out-
sell whu 3ugg<feted that you knew nothing additional
to what had already been testified to; and as I did
riot care (o aocnmulate the uncontradicted testimony
already so tully taken ot counsel engaged in the
judicial examination of l,heuace iu relation to what
was known in the North as the great umon not,
ami being so anxious to get through, it was then
and there uiideistood that you would not be called
as a witness; and you wero not called, -Lhis i  all
that was said, or done, or understood, so ImibI
know or now remember. 3So\v  General, when the
dobate upon the Ku Klux reports comes up I ill-
tend, ifl can get the floor, to denounce this infamous
slander and this most startling system of secret es-
pionage ; and I therefore feel it proper to write to you
lifcton the subject, and ascertain if anything further
was said Or done by anybody at any time, in public or
private, in regard to your being examined or not
examined as a witness than I have already stated ;
and particularly if ahy person not a citizen of your
town or county was present at the casual, natural,
and unpremeditated interview alluded to.
Your early reply will much oblige yours, very
truly, P. VAN TRUMP.
General W. H. "Wallace.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. To that letter I received
a prompt reply which I ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Columbia, South Carolina, March. 4,1872.
My Dear Sir: Your letter of the 29th ultimo this
moment received. The circumstances and reasons
which rendered my examination before the com-
mittee unnecessary, as contained in your statement
and those of several other gentlemen, are, in my
opinion, strictly true. When you passed through
"Union with the committee on your way to Spartan-
burg, you requested Colonel Joseph P. Gist to cause
to be sent to you the names of witnesses who could
explain the nature of the attack upon the jail at
this place. Colonel Gist and several other gentle-
men in my office made out a list of gentlemen who
were living here at the time of the occurrence, and
I wrote down the names and sent the list to you at
Spartanburg. My name was upon the list, as were
also the names of several other gentlemen who were
not examined. This was a list of witnesses who,
it was supposed, because they lived here and were
men of intelligence and character, could give a cor-
rect aud reliable account of the attack upon the jail
and the killing of the negroes taken out of it. In
the evening, after Messrs. Shand and Steadman had
been examined by the committee, several gentlemen
were assembled m Colonel Gist's room, and were
talking over the testimony taken during the day,
and you remarked that Shand's and Steadman's
testimony had fully explained the occurrence, that
the list of witnesses with which you had been fur-
nished ha.d been summoned to explain, and that it
was useless to accumulate uncontradicted testi-
mony upon that subject. In that I, together with
the others present, concurred, and it was agreed
that the remaining witnesses need not be called.
There were four or five witnesses besides myself re-
maining on the list who were not therefore called.
Two of these, Colonel Gist and Dr. Thompson, were
subsequently called by the majority of the commit-
tee. i, also, remained in the villa,ge during the stay
of the committee, and could have been examined at
any moment the majority of the committee may have
desired to examine me.
If it is alleged that I was not called because I
was a mernbes of the Ku Klux it is an infern.il lie.
I never had any connection with the Ku Klux,
directly or indirectly, and did all that I could to
repress disturbances ot every character. But I
have been pursued now for months, and every effort
made to find a pretext for arresting me. They even
arrested my servant and put him in jail in cold
weather, and allowed him to undergo great suffer-
ing from the cold, with the view of extorting testi-
mony against me. But the negro refused to lie, and
he was at length released. Several citizens that the
whole community know, to a moral certainty, arc
innocent, have been imprisoned since last October,
and are now in jail. But if I were to write you all
the oppressions'to whicn our people have been sub-
jected, it would fill a volume instead of a letter.
We are being held by the throat by the Federal
Government, while we are disembowelled by the
State government. You have very little idea of the
strength of our feelings toward those who denounce
the wrongs to which we are subjected.
Very sincerely, yours,
W.H.WALLACE.
Hon. P. Van Tkcsip.
We are in the midst of a court, and this letter is
hastily written in the dusk of evening while two or
three aro talking to me. W. H. W.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. That is all I wish to
say at present upon this subject. I deny the
truth of the charge utterly and entirely, and
shall now or at any other time court the
strictest and most inexorable investigation
into my conduct while serving on that com-
mittee in South Carolina or elsewhere. I
leave )t to the President of the United States
and to the Senator from Pennsylvania to
explain to the people why they have intro-
duced and added the spy to the bayonet in
the government of this country.
Mr. STEVENSON". I ask a few minutes
to make a statement in regard to this matter.
Mr. WOOD. Is it really a personal explan-
ation? If not, I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
it to he of the same nature as the explanation
just closed. It relates to the same subject-
matter.
Mr. WOOD. I do not see why anybody
else might not have the same privilege of dis-
cussing this question.
Mr. POLAND. The gentleman from Ohio.
[Mr. Stevenson,] as well as his colleague,
[Mr. Van Trump,] was a member.of thb sub-
committee ; and, as I understand, the explana-
tion about to be submitted relates to the same
facts.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. If I still retain the
floor I yield to my colleague, [Mr. Stevenson.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ste-
venson] having five minutes.
Mr. STEVENSON". I -want to say a word
or two in justice to my colleague ; but in re-
gard to one or two statements which he has
made I must differ with him slightly. He
alluded to the transaction at Union Court-
House, and gave what he understood to be the
occasion of the wholesale murder there. I do
not understand that matter as he states it. On
the contrary, some of the men who were killed
there were afterward shown to be entirely
innocent of the offense of which they had been
suspected.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I will ask my colleague
where that has been shown.
Mr. STEVENSON. It was shown in the
trial afterward. This, however, is merely pre-
liminary to what I rose to say. The testimony
shows that those men were taken out of jail
and hanged or. shot because a writ of habeas
corpus had issued or was about to issue to take
them to another place for safe keeping and
trial.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I must interrupt my
colleague. I did not yield the floor to allow
him to go into a general discussion of this
kind.
Mr. STEVENSON. I have the floor in my
own right; but I have said all that I wish to
say on these questions.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. It would take us
days to discuss that matter.
Mr. STEVENSON. In reference to the
matter about which my colleague more par-
ticularly addressed the House, I wish to say
that there was a great deal of evasion and
dodging and running away of witnesses ; but
I do not believe that my colleague knew of it,
or had anything to do with it, or approved of
it in any degree whatever.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. My colleague will
allow me to explain for one moment. His
recollection may be better than mine; but I
know of but two witnesses who ran away—one
by the name of Gist, a nephew of the gentle-
man already alluded to, and a Captain Lyle,
I think, of Spartanburg.
Mr. STEVENSON. Captain Lyle, of Spar-
tanburg, a member of the Legislature of South
Carolina, and who has since been proved to
be a member of the Ku Klux Klan, is one
whom I remember.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. I suppose the gentle-
man does not mean to say that I had any pos-
sible cognizance of that fact.
Mr. STEVENSON. 1 have said that my
colleague had not. I have risen to do him
justice in this matter. I am sorry he miscon-
ceives my purpose. I do not believe he had
anything to do with transactions of that kind,
or that he would countenance them for one
moment. On the contrary, I wish to say that
my colleague, while He exhibited great zeal,
activity, and energy, aud a great deal of incre-
dulity ill the conduct of the investigation, was
still in all regards honorable and high-minded,
and took frequent occasion, both during the
sessions of the committee and when the com-
miitee was not in session, to exnress his de-
testation of the horrible, crimes proved before
us. He did so often in language which,
though fullyjustified by the occasion and quite
proper in the open air, would be unparlia-
mentary here. [Laughter.]
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say one word in reference to this matter about
which these gentlemen have spoken.
