888
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May
IIo. of Beps.
The Tariff—Mr. Maynard.
42d Co3>tg....2d Sess.
nace together, and this trade stagnates, dis-
appears. Yet what has been lost, or who is
the loser?
There is a commerce that is legitimate, a
commerce that marks a high civilization, but
not such a commerce as that. There are many
things that we cannot produce in our country,
many things which are found nowhere on the
globe in the same country. Nature has not
made her skies and her sod favorable alike to
every growth nor to every process. For ex-
ample, tea and co'ffee, spices, drugs, and dyes,
are and must remain exotics. Yesterday, for
the encouragement of genuine commerce, we
made tea and coffee free and their importation
unrestricted. Two years ago we took off two
fifths of the duty upon these articles, and the
increase in the commerce and consumption
has been almost in that proportion. Our
imports for the calendar years 1870 and 1871
were as follows:
1870. 1871.
Tea, pounds  49,360.218 61,263,440
Coffee, pounds  275,837,564 322,009,491
Estimated by the tradeof the last calendar
year, the vote which passed the bill yester-
day took off $9,189,576 of revenue from tea,
and $9,660,284 82 from coffee, or $18,849,-
860 82 from both. That is "legitimate com-
merce. Thus we subsidize the world, and
make every latitude tributary to our comfort
and happiness. Send to India for your spices ;
your climate doe3 not produce them; that is
legitimate; and generally as to those articles
which cannot by reasonable care and cultiva-
tion be produced here, make them free, re-
move every restriction, every obstacle, in the
way of their admission to your country. But
as to articles you can produce, and produce as
cheaply as they are produced anywhere else,
make them at home ; otherwise you will soon
be in the market to buy, with nothing to sell
in payment. And when I say "cheaply," I
have reterence to the labor necessary for pro-
duction. The money-price may be high or
low, the commodity may or may not be cheap.
Dr. Johnson, in the Hebrides, found he could
buy I forget how many eggs for, a penny;
"not," said he, "because eggs were plenty,
but because pennies were scarce." High prices
and low piices are alike to him who has no
money. The true question i3 the ability to
buy.
The gentleman from Oregon [Mr. Slater]
made a speech the other day replete with illus-
tration—a speech, which, for a gentleman serv-
ing his first term in the House, representing an
interior and comparatively uncommercial part
of the country, and not supposed to have in-
terested himself particularly in these difficult
and perplexing questions, shows unusual abil
ity and research. He adopts the same line of
argument as my frieud from Illinois, [Mr.
Burchaud ] They both complain that the
tariff operates to the exclusion of foreign goods,
or to their importation at a largely increased
cost to the consumer. Says my friend from
Cincinnati, [Mr. Stevenson,] and I wish he
were in his seat, " Why not let foreign goods
come in? Why exclude woolen and cotton
goods?" Nobody forbids it. Why do not
the foreign producers send them? If they
wish to send cottons, woolens, pig iron, bar
iron, railroad iron, or any other of their pro-
ductions, why do they not do it? Simply be-
cause they want a larger profit than they are
allowed by the division that we make with
them through the tariff.
My friend from Illinois [Mr. Bukchaed]
has presenwd an array of figures illustrating
what he calls "tariff bounties." This is too
grave a subject to indulge in anything like
humor, but when I read that tabie it looked
to me very much like a chapter from some of
our great humorists. "Why," says the gen-
tleman, " we pay so much bounty to Pennsyl-
vania on her pig iron, so much to Massachu-
setts on her woolen goods, so much to Rhode
Island on her cotton goods." How does the
gentleman get at it? On iron, for example,
the duty is seven dollars a ton. That, accord-
ing to his theory, is paid not only on the iron
we import, but is also a bounty of seven dol
lars a ton to every pound of iron made in the
country, and so on through the chapter. The
duty on bituminous coal is §1 25 per ton ;
therefore the price of coal is enhanced $1 25
per ton, not only the coal imported, but the
product of our own mines. The duty on salt
in bulk is eighteen cents per one hundred
pounds; therefore the price of all salt, for-
eign and domestic, is enhanced just so much
to the consumer. That is not so much the
anti-tariff argument as the assumption upon
which the argument is based. If the principle
is sound, it should have a much wider applica-
tion than is given it by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Bcrchard.] or the gentleman
from Oregon, [Mr. Slater.] The tariff is not
confined to salt, coal, iron, cotton, and woolen
goods. There is a duty on all our agricultural
products. Last year we imported over five
million bushels of barley at a duty of ten
cents per bushel, nearly one million bushels
of wheat at a duty of tweuty cents per bushel,
over sixty million pounds of rice at a duty of
from one and a half to two and a haif cents
per pound; also Indian corn, rye, and oats,
iu considerable quantities, and at different
rates of duty. By the free-trade theory these
duties enhance the prices .relatively both of
the imports and the home products. The
gentleman's State, Illinois, produced last
year some twenty-seven million bushels of
wheat, two hundred million bushels of ludian
corn, thirty-eight million bushels of oats, more
than two million bushels of barley, not to
speak of other articles dutiable when im-
ported. Now, why did he not go on and
show us how much bounty we pay to Illinois?
Five million dollars, according to his mode of
reasoning, would be the bounty on the wheat,
$20,000,000 on the Indian corn, nearly four
million dollars on the oats, and so on to the
end of the so-called "tariff bounties."
Perhaps the gentleman's views on this sub-
ject would accord with that of an old doc-
trinaire, who, as the story runs, was once
a Democratic member of this House from
Pennsylvania, and who, speaking of this prin-
ciple, admitted that as a general proposi-
tion, and as applied to other things and for
political party purposes, it was perhaps true,
"but somehow," said he, "I tink it don't
work dat way mit pig iron." [Laughter.]
So I suppose my friend would say it does
not work that way with the articles I have
mentioned.
Mr. BURCHARD. Will the gentleman
yield to me for a reply ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I am afraid I have not
the time.
Mr. BURCHARD. I will occupy but a
moment. The distinction is that the duties
upon the articles the gentleman has just named
are not protective. A protective duty simply
enhances the price, and is designed to do so.
If it does not enhance the price, it is not pro-
tective. If you will reduce the duties on pro-
tected manufactures five per cent. I will agree
that you may take the duties from all those
agricultural products.
Mr. MAYNARD. We could hardly bind
the House or the country by any agreement.
Here is my friend [Mr. Peters] from the
potato country, who would not be bound. We
have a duty of twenty-five ceuts a bushel
on potatoes. We import a great many pota-
toes ; we do not export any. If the duty oil
iron, and on woolen and cotton goods is a pro-
tection, then the duty on potatoes is also a
protection. The object of protection is not
to enhance prices, but to keep them steady. I
will resolve the gentleman's fallacy. It can
be illustrated by reference to any of our man-
ufactures—cast steel, for example. Here is
an article for which we depended on the for-
eign manufacturer, mainly the English, unril
we began its production about thirteen years
ago. And prices had ruled in the market
with little variation year in and year out for a
long time. Men found that it could be pro-
duced in this country for the price it was sell-
ing at in the market.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. KERR. I will yield ten minutes of my
time to the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. MAYNARD. They engaged in the
manufacture, and if you had left prices as
they were and had been for years they would
have asked no protection as it is called by
tariffs or otherwise. They were content. But
when they once began to appear as compet-
itors in the market, the foreign producer
who had been dealing with us so long saw
his profits endangered, and began the pro-
cess of crushing out this new trade. Prices
are reduced below cost, sales are made in
advance of the present demand. The new
manufacture succumbs. But keep the prices
as they are, and when the foreign gentle-
man comes in make him divide his profits
with the Government, and this in propor-
tion to the difference in wages, difference in
capital, and want of experience. That is
the way of dealing with your own manufac-
turer, and it prevents him from being crushed
out by an unfair and malicious competition.
Mr. BURCHARD. I also entertained the
same theory, but after examination found the
faets did not prove it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Hunting for facts to
support a theory is like hunting texts of Scrip-
ture to sustain a creed.
Let us look at the facts. 1 hope to be par-
doned if I draw somewhat largely on my friends
and associates who have prepared valuable
tables. Figures are common properly, and
so are tables, but when a gentleman lias been
at the trouble of collating them, and exercis-
ing ingenuity and patience to arrange them, it
is hardly fair to appropriate thern without
credit. To the gentleman from New York
[Mr. E. H. Roberts] lam especially indebted.
Look at our business for the last" ten yeais,
since the tariff of March 2, 1861, went into
operation. Our manufactures of iron and
wool, and indeed our whole manufacturing
industry, have increased from less than two
billions in 1860, to more than four billions in
1870, an increase of over one hundred and
twenty-eight percent, in ten years. As shown
by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
our aggregate property, the aggregate wealth
of the country, has increased a hundred fold
in the same ten years—from $16,000,000 000
to $32,000,000,000. This increase occurred
not only, as I am afraid my friend from Illi-
nois [Mr. Burchard] was a little wise in his
way of intimating, not only in that portion
of the country from which he and I came,
not only in New England, but all over the
country, in an even greater ratio. The man-
ufactures in my own State of Tennessee,
which increased from $9,725,608 in 1850,
to $17,987,225 in 1860, had swelled in 1870
to $38,587,953. The increase is the most
remarkable in the four States of Michigan,
Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri, as shown by
their census returns:
1850. 1860. 1870.
Michigan $11,169,002 $32,658,356 $118,770 853
|nd>ariii  8,725,423 42,803,400 109,l4),o8i
Illinois  6,534,272 57,oM),8SS 205.is.il 001
Missouri  24,324,418 41,782,731 215,000,00^
Is it a wonder that free-trade doctrines have
* About
