4024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
The SPEAKER. How long doea the gen-
tleman want?
Mr. POLAND. Not exceedingone minute.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears 110
objection.
Mr. POLAND. In listening to the reading
of these letters which were presented by the
first gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Van Trump]
who spoke this morning, I understood him to
say the sub-committee which visited South
Carolina, and which consisted of Senator
Scott and these two gentlemen,-had a spy or
(spies along with the committee. Now, I un-
derstand this to be the truth in reference to
this matter: that the'Department of Justice,
under the direction of the Attorney General,
did employ some detectives to go into sotne
portions of the South. The crimes alleged to
have been committed were committed gener-
ally in the night-time and generally by persons
in disguise, and there was great difficulty to
obtain evidence in relation to them. Very
properly I think the Attorney General, as I
understand, and I have this only from inform-
ation, did employ a number of detectives, I
do not know what number 
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order.
There is so much confusion i« the House
we are unable to hear what the gentleman is
saying.
The SPEAKER called the House to order.
Mr. POLAND. He did employ a number
of detectives and they were sent into vaiious
localities in the South for the purpose of
discovering evidence in reference to these
transactions. The Committee on Southern
Outrages had no authority to employ any spies,
and so far as I know they did not, and had
nothing to do with the employment of any.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. The point I make is
this: that Senator Scott admitted he had a
special spy along with this committee, and I
assert such fact was not within my knowledge.
personal explanation.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I desire to make
a personal explanation which will not take up
more than one minute. Yesterday, on the
motion to adjourn, the gentleman from New
Jersey, [Mr. Bird,] under misapprehension,
stated that I was paired on all political ques-
tions with the gentleman from West Virginia,
[Mr. Davis,] when in fact 1 was only paired
with him on the bill providing for the con-
struction often iron-clads. 1 was paired upon
the Ku Klux and civil rights bill with the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Peck.]
Mr. BIRD. I have just come into the Hall,
and I understand the gentleman from Georgia
has made a statement in reference to his pair.
He is correct, and in the statement I made
yesterday I was mistaken when 1 said he was
paired on all political questions with the
gentleman from West Virginia, [Mr. Davis.]
I understand he was paired on the ten-sloop
bill with the gentleman from West Virginia,
[Mr. Davis,] and on the civil rights and Ku
Klux bills with the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Peck.]
MARTIN P. HARDIN.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Private Land Claims, re-
ported back a bill (H. R. No. 1457) for the
relief of Martin P. Hardin, of Pontotoc
county, Mississippi, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that there
be paid to Martin P. Hardin, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the sum of $200 73, which sum was paid by
said Martin P. Hardin for the northeast of
quarter section sixteen, township nine, range
five east of the meridian line of the Chickasaw
cession in the State of Mississippi, the title to
which trnct of land has been adjudged by a
competent tribunal not to have been in the
United States at the time of said sale.
The bili was ordered to be engrossed and
jread a third time; and being engrossed, it
was acccordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MERCURmoved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order op business.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I demand
the regular order of business.
Mr. PLATT. Does this business require
unanimous cousent or a motion to suspend
the rules ?
CURRENCY.
Mr. WALDRON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency be discharged from the
further consideration of the bill (S. No. 589)
to prohibit the issue and use of notes or bills
as currency in certain cases, and that the
same be passed with an amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. In order to enable mem-
bers to attend the decoration proceedings to-
day, I move that the House do now take a
recess until eight o'clock this evening.
Several Members. Move to adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will modify my motion
in accordance with the suggestions of gentle-
men around me, and move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think we may as
well adjourn. I understand that the Senate is
not likely to send us the tariff bill or any other
particular measure requiring action.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
the House to go on with the regular order, the
consideration of the enforcement bill, to
secure purity of elections.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
on the motion of the gentleman from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Waldron,] to suspend the rules and
pass the bill reported from the Committee on
Banking and Currency, which was about to be
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw the motion
to adjourn for the present to allow the gentle
man from Michigan [Mr. Waldron] to take
the sense of the House on that bill.
The bill was read. It provides that no pri-
vate corporation, firm, or individual shall
make or issue, or cause to be made or issued,
any obligation or promise to pay, to be used,
or intended to he used, as and tor a circulating
medium ; and any person who shall, in any
manner, aid or abet in the manufacture, issue,
or circulation, as money, of any such obliga-
tion or promise to pay, shall, on conviction
thereof, in any district or circuit court of the
United States, be punished by fine not exceed-
ing $1,000 or by imprisonment not exceed-
ing one year, or bolh, in the discretion of
the court ; provided, that this act shall not
be held to apply to circulating notes lawfully
issued by any hank duly incorporated by the
United States or by any State ; nor shall it be
held to repeal or in any way affect any act
taxing the issue or circulation of bank notes.
The amendment was read, as follows:
In line five, after the word "pay/' insert the fol-
lowing :
Or any railroad fare ticket in the similitude of
bank notes.
Mr. WALDRON. This is a Senate bill,
which is recommended unanimously by the
Committee on Banking and Currency, with an
amendment. The object of the bill is to pro-
hibit the issue and circulation of railroad
fare-tickets as bank bills, as has been ex-
tensively done.
Mr. KERR. I ask that the first three lines
of the bill be again read.
Mr. BROOKS. Let the whole bill be read.
The bill was again read
Mr. POTTER. Under that, you could not
issue a bill of exchange from Maine to Georgia.
Mr. McINTYRE. The bill will operate very
badly against all city councils and other cor-
porations issuing bills and putting them in
circulation. It will be utterly impossible for
them to get along without subjecting themselves
to heavy damages. If the bill, however, is to
be passed, I hope there will bean amendment
attached that it shall not go into effect within
the next twelve months, so that they may have
an opportunity to get in tlieir bills before
subjecting themselves to such heavy penalties.
Mr. POTTER. I ask leave to address an
inquiry to the gentleman who has charge of
the biil.
Mr. WALDRON. I shall be happy to hear
it.
Mr. POTTER. As I understand the bill
as read the provision in regard to railway
tickets is in the alternative form. But I un-
derstood the gentleman to say that the object
of the bill was to prevent the issue of railway
tickets intended as a circulating medium. Am
I right in that?
Mr. WALDRON. It is intended to prevent
the use as a circulating medium of railroad
fare tickets in the similitude of bank bills.
Mr. POTTER. Is that all the purpose of
the bill?
Mr. WALDRON. It is.
Mr. POTTER. But it is so drawn that as
I understand it it tfill prevent, the use in that
way of ordinary bills of exchange, including
foreign bills, which form a large portion of
our circulation in our commercial centers.
Mr. WALDRON. That is not the inten-
tion of it.
Mr. POTTER. But that will be the effect
of it. 1 ask that the bill be again read.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be again re-
ported. It has been read several times already,
and the Chair requests gentlemen to give their
attention, that it maynot be necessary again to
repeat the reading.
The bill was again read.
Mr. YOUNG. Does it take a two-thirds
vote to pass this bill?
The SPEAKER. It does.
The question being put on suspending the
rules and passing the bill, the House divided;
and there were—ayes 74, noes 59.
Mr. WALDRON demanded tellers.
On ordering tellers there were—ayes twelve,
not one fifth of a quorum.
So tellers were refused, and (two thirds not
having voted in favor thereof) the rules were
not suspended.
BANK RESERVES.
Mr. MERR1AM. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the Committee on Banking
and Currency be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1869) for
the better security of banking reserves, and to
facilitate bank clearing-house exchanges, and
that the same be passed.
The bill was read. The first section author-
izes the Secretary of the Treasury to receive
United States notes on deposit, without inter-
est, from national banking associatioos, in
sums not less than $10,000, and to issue cer-
tificates therefor in such form as the Secretary
may prescribe, in denominations of not less
than $5,000, which certificate shall be pay-
able on demand m United States notes at the
place where the deposits therefor were made.
The second section provides that the United
States notes so deposited in the Treasury of
the United States shall not be counted as part
of the legal reserve ; but the eeitificates issued
therefor may be held and counted by national
banks as part of their legal reserve, and may
be accepted in the settlement of clearing-house
balances at the places where the deposits there-
for were made.
The third section provides that nothing con-
tained in this act shall be construed to author-
ize any expansion or contraction of the cur-
rency; and the United States notes for which
such certificates are issued, or other United
Slates notes of like amount, shall be held as a
special deposit in the Treasury, and used only
for the redemption of such certificates.
