1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
\m
ment under such proclamation and orders,
shall be paid the fall bounty of $100 under
and by virtue of the said proclamation and
orders of the War Department, in force at
the time of such enlistment and prior to July
22, 1861; provided that the same has not
already been paid.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I now ask that the
report be read, which will disclose this whole
case.
The report of the committee was read, and
is as follows:
The Committee on Military Affairs report as fol-
lows:
On the 3d day of May, 1861, the President of the
United States issued his proclamation calling for
42,034 volunteers, and declaring that the details of
organization and enlistment would bo made known
through the War Department. (12 United States
Statutes, 1260.)
General Orders No. 15 and 25 of the War Depart-
ment provided that every enlisted man should be
paid, When honorably discharged, a bounty of $100.
The act of August 6,1861, legalized to the fullest
extent this proclamation, and the orders of the War
Department made in pursuance thereof. (12 United
States Statutes, 326.)
The enlistments exceeded the number called for by
the President, but no change was made in the law
relating to bounties until the 22d day of July, 1861.
That act provides that " all provisions of law appli-
cable to three years' volunteers shall apply to two
years' volunteers, and to all volunteers who have
been or may be accepted into the service of the Uni-
ted States tor a period not less than six months." A
subsequent section also provides that $100 shall be
paid to enlisted men, "honorably discharged." who
shall have served two years or during the war, if
sooner ended. (12 United States Statutes, 268.)
It was at one time claimed that the provision in
the act of July 22,1861, limiting the $100 bounty to
those who served "two years or during the war"
was retroactive in its operation, and applied to those
who enlisted previous to that time.
The Supreme Court of the United States (case of
the United States vs. Hosmer, 9 Wallace, 432) has,
however, decided that it could not have that effect.
No settlements have, however, been made, for the
reason that the forty-two thousand and thirty-four
volunteers could not be separated or distinguished
from the large number, over eighty thousand, who
actually enlisted prior to the change in the law. It
is now proposed to give the same bounty, and under
the same conditions, to all who enlisted during that
period. This is the only just and equitable solution
of the difficulty. It is to be observed that full
bounty has already been paid to those who served
out their term of enlistment, or were discharged on
aocount of wounds received in action.
The proposed measure will only affect those who
were discharged before they had served two years
by reason of disability.
The committee recommend the adoption of the
following bill:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
ative* of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That every volunteer, non-commissioned
officer, private, musician, and artificer who enlisted
into the military service of the United States prior
to July 22,1861, under the proclamation of the Pres-
ident of the United States ot May 3, 1861, and the
orders of the War Department issued in pursuance
thereof, and was actually musteied into any regi-
ment, company, or battery which was accepted by
the War Department under such proclamation and
orders, shall be paid the full bounty of $100, under
and by virtue of the said proclamation and orders
of the War Department in force at the time of such
enlistment and prior to July 22, 1861: Provided,
That the same has not already been paid.
The question was on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. DAWES. I did not learn from the
report how much money this bill will take
from the Treasury.
Mr. STOUGHTON. It is not a new bounty
bill. It merely provides for the payment of
bounties to those who enlisted prior to July
22,1861.
Mr. DAWES. I understand the merits of
the case, and I do not see how it is to be re-
sisted; but I would like to know how much
it will take out of the Treasury.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I can only make an
approximate estimate. From the data I have I
think the expense will not exceed $1,500,000.
If the House desire, and the bill can retain
its place, I will endeavor to obtain a detailed
statement.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know how I can
resist the bill, but I believe that it will take
several millions out of the Treasury.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I think that is too
large an estimate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Does this bill
appropriate money ?
Mr. STOUGHTON. It does not.
Mr. GAEFIELD, of Ohio, I hope the
gentleman will let the bill stay where it is, so
that we may have time to look at the report
and at the bill. I do not know that there
ought to be any criticism made upon the bill,
but if the gentleman will allow me, I will move
that the House resolve itself into Gommittee
of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the deficiency bill.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I make
that motion.
Mr. PERCE. I desire to move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar, for the purpose of
considering the bill in relation to William and
Mary College.
Mr. NIBLACK. What is the agreement
in regard to the measure of the gentleman
from Michigan ?
The SPEAKER. The bill of the gentle-
man from Michigan will go over until the
morning hour of Friday next.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That will give
members a week in which to examine the bill
and reports.
The SPEAKER. The question is npon the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before pressing
my motion, I will yield to a gentleman who
desires to have some pension bills acted upon.
elizabeth ken yon.
Mr. MOORE. I ask that the bill (H. R.
No. 893) granting a pension to Elizabeth Ken-
yon, which has been returned from the Senate
with amendments, be taken from the Speaker's
table, and the amendments concurred in.
There was no objection; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, and the amend-
ments were read and concurred in, as follows:
In line five, after the word "Kenyon," where it
first occurs, insert the word "dependent." And in
line seven strike out all after the word "cavalry"
to the end of the bill; so that it will read: "that the
Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and directed to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Elizabeth Kenyon, the
dependent mother of John J. Kenyon. late a private
in company A, first regiment Rhode Island cavalry,
and to pay her a pension from the 28th day of Sep-
tember, 1863, during her widowhood."
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH MONTGOMERY.
Mr. MOORE. I now ask unanimous con-
sent that the bill (H. R. No. 894) granting a
pension to Joseph Montgomery, which has been
returned from, the Senate with an amendment,
be taken from the Speaker's table, and the
amendment concurred in.
There was no objection; and the bill was
taken from the Speaker's table, and the amend-
ment of the Senate was read, as follows:
Strike out the words "and to pay him a pension
from the 10th day of July, 1865."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the effect of the amendment is to make the
pension begin at the date of the passage of the
act, instead of anterior to it.
Mr. MOORE. I move that the amendment
of the Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in ; and also moved that the'motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Gakfield,] that the rules be suspended and
the House now resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union for the
consideration of the special order.
Mr. NIBLACK. How does that motion
take the precedence of the motion of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi [Mr. Perce] to go
into Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar?
The SPEAKER. Precedence is given to
the motion, notwithstanding this being Friday,
because no gentleman excepted Friday when
the deficiency bill was referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole and made a special order for
a given day and from day to day until it was
disposed of, which operated to the exclusion
of the Private Calendar.
Mr. PERCE. I call for tellers on the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Garfield,
of Ohio, and Mr. Perce were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 67, noes 65.
Before the result of the vote waa announced,
Mr. PERCE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, there being
twenty-six in the affirmative; more than one
fifth of the last vote.
The question was again taken; and there
were—yeas 99, nays 76, not voting 65; as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Banks, Barber,
Barry, Beatty, Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham, Austin
Blair, Buckley, Buffmton, Burchard, Burdett, Wil-
liam T. Clark, Coburn, Conger, Cotton, Creely,
Dickey. Donnan, Duell, Eames, Ely, Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield,
Goodrich, Hale, Harmer, Havens, Ilawley, Hay,
Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Hibbard,
Hill, Holman, Hooper, Houghton, Ketcham, Kil-
linger, Lowe, Lynch, Manson, Marshall, Maynard,
McCormick, McCrary, McGrow, McJunkin, Mer-
cur, Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Negley, Niblack,
Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck,
Pendleton, Peters, Prindle, Ellis II. Roberts, Busk,
Sargent, Sawyer, Scofield, Seeley. Sessions, Shel-
don, Shoemaker, Slocum, John A. Smith, Snapp,
Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Starkweather,
Stoughton, Strong, Swan it, Thomas, Turner. Twich-
ell, Tyner. Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron,
Wallace, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—1)9.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Beck, Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair, Boles, Braxton,
Bright, George M. Brooks, James Brooks, Benjamin
F.Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell,
Cobb, Coghlan, Conner. Criteher, Crocker, Cross-
land, Dox, Duke, Dunnell, Henry D. Foster. Gar-
rett, Getz, Haldeman, Hancock, Handley, Hanks,
Harper, John T.Harris, Herndon, Hoar, Kelley,
Kellogg, Kerr, King, Lamison, Leach. Lewis, Mc-
Clelland, McHenry, Mclntyre, McKmney, Mo-
ileely, Benjamin F. Meyers, Leonard Myers, Perce,
Eli Perry. Piatt. Price. Read, Edward Y. Rice, John
M. Rice, William R. Roberts, Robinson., Roosevelt,
Shanks, Sherwood, Shober. Slater, R. Milton Speer,
Stevenson, Sypher, Terry, Tuthill, Vaughan, V oor-
hees. Wells, Williams of New York, Winchester,
and Young—76.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Avenll, Barnum, Bell,
Carroll, Freeman Clarke, Comingo, Cox, Crebs, Dar-
rall, Davis, Dawes, De Large, DuBose, Eldredge,
Elliott, Farnsworth, Farwell, Forkef, Golladay,
Griffith, Halsey, Hambleton, George E. Hams,
Hays, Hereford, Kendall, Kinsella, Lamport, Lan-
sing, McKee, Merrick, Mitchell, Morey, Morgan,
Morphis, Orr, Hosea W. Parker, Aaron F. Perry,
Poland, Porter, Potter. Rainey, Randall, Ritchie,
Rogers, Shellabarger. Sloss, H. Boardman Smith,
Worthington C. Smith, Stevens, Storm, Stowell, St.
John, Sutherland, Taffe, Dwight Townsend, Wash-
ington Townsend, Van Trump, Waddell, Walls,
Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitthorne, and
Wood-65.
So the motion was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. LAMISON said: I am requested by
Mr. Morgan to state that he was detained from
the House yesterday by sickness; but if he had
been present he would have voted against the
Wisconsin land-grant bill.
Pending the House going into Committee
of the Whole,
SWAMP LANDS IN BUFFALO, NEW YORK.
Mr. CONGER. On Monday last the House
referred to the Committee on Commerce) with
leave to report at any time, a bill (H. R. No.
1756) to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the Secretary of War to lease certain
swamp or lowlands belonging to the Govern-
ment lying on Niagara river and Lake Erie in
the city of Buffalo, New York. I now prsr
