1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
There was no objection ; and the bill (H. E.
No. 1061) to authorize the payment of dupli-
cate checks of disbursing officers was received
and read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to -be
engrossed and read a third time.
The biil was read. The first section pro-
vides that in place of original checks when
lost, stolen, or destroyed the disbursing offi-
cers or agents of the United States are author-
ized at the expiration of six months from the
date of such checks to issue duplicate checks,
and the Treasurer, Assistant Treasurer, and
designated depositaries of the United States
are directed to pay such checks drawn in pur-
suance of law by such officers or agents upon
notice and proof of the loss of the original check
or checks under such regulations in regard to
their issue and payment, and upon the execution
of such bonds with sureties to indemnify the
United States, as the Secretary of the Treasury
may prescribe, provided that this act shall not
apply to any check exceeding in amount the
sum of $1,000. The second section provides
that in case the disbursing officer or agent by
whom such lost, stolen, or destroyed original
check was issued be dead or no longer in the
service of the United States, it shall be the duty
of the proper accounting officer, under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury
shall prescribe, to state an account and issue
duplicate in favor of the check-owner of such
original check for the amount thereof; but all
the restrictions prescribed by the first section
of this act shall be required and complied with
before the duplicate check can be issued under
this section.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask the gentleman
who reports this bill whether it is intended to
have a retroactive effect?
Mr. BECK. I will explain to the House in
a few words the object of this bill. The first
section is exactly word for word a copy of a
bill passed at the first session of this Congress
applicable to pensions, without any variation
whatever, and is the same bill which was passed,
coming from the Committee of Ways and
Means of the last Congress at the last session
of that Congress, but which was modified in
the Senate so as to make it apply to additional
bounties. This bill simply makes it apply to
checks not exceeding in amount $1,000.
This was found to be the fact, that in the
Paymaster General's department, and in all
other Departments, checks would be lost,
duplicates for which cannot be issued. For
instance, I hold in my hand a number belong-
ing to soldiers from Wisconsin, which Mr.
Hodges, who was tried as a defaulter, pre-
tended to have sent. These men never got
their pay and cannot get it, as under the regu-
lations which now exist no duplicate check can
issue except for pensions or additional bounty.
The Paymaster General of the Army has
sent a communication urging the passage of
this bill. The Second Comptroller has also
furnished me with a statement showing that
this bill is indispensable, that until within two
years they weie in the habit of issuing dupli
cate checks under the law of 1857, and that
under the guards and restrictions provided by
the Treasury Department there had not been a
dollar lost to the Government since 1857, up
to this time, under the system. I have copies
of the bonds, affidavits, and forms required,
which seem to be perfect.
The second section is one put in at the sug-
gestion of one of my colleagues on the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to cover this state of
things. There weie enumerators of .the cen-
sus to whom money was sent in checks, but
those officers are now out of the employment
of the Government, and therefore we author-
ize the disbur.-ing officers of the Treasury I o
close up that class of cases in the same way
and subject to the same condiiions. They
have been issuing these checks for sums not
exceeding $500. The Committee of Ways and
Means thought it safe to allow them to be
issued for amounts not exceeding $1,000.
That seemed to be the opinion of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of the last Con-
gress, and it is the unanimous opinion of the
Committee of Ways and Means of the present
Congress. It seems also to be the desire of
all the Departments which I have consulted—
the Secretary of the Treasury, the Second
Comptroller, the Paymaster General, and such
other officials as I thought knew best about
these things. They were unanimous, not only
in their recommendations of the passage of
this law, but in urging it as a matter of abso-
lute justice, especially to sailors and soldiers
and small claimants, who cannot, under the
existing regulations, draw a dollar unless this
law passes.
Mr. KILLINGER. I desire to know whether
this bill will reach the case of a check sent last
summer by Colonel Hodges?
Mr. BECK. The bill relates to all that
Mr. KILLINGER. Then it meets a case
in point which I have received this morning.
Mr. BECK. Those were really the special
cases which required the passage of this bill.
Mr. KILLINGER. The bill is perfectly
right and ought to pass.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not this law now in
force ?
Mr. BECK. No, sir; no duplicate can
issue except for pension and additional bounty
under the existing law. It is limited to that.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. BECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. STEVENSON, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
jResolved, That the Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, requested to transmit to this House any
information he may have, not heretofore given,
relative to the condition of the Louisville and Port-
land canal.
Mr. STEVENSON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BARNEY M. SMITH.
Mr. IIOLMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following preamble and resolu-
tion for consideration at this time:
Whereas there was produced in evidence before
a special committee of this House to investigate
alleged frauds in the Paymaster General's office, in
1867, a paymaster's check on the Assistant Treasurer
of the United States at New York, payable to Bar-
ney M. Srnilh, private of company M, tenth United
States infantry, or on his order, for 8X77 72, and said j
check is now believed to be among the papers and J
records pertaining to said special committee, in the i
custody of the'Clerk of this House: Now, therefore,
Be it resolved by the Home of Representatives, That ,
the Clerk of this House be, and is hereby, authorized ;
to remove said check from the files and deliver the '>
same to said Barney M.Smith, or to his duly author- !
ized attorney in tact, to be hereafter appointed, |
taking a proper receipt for tho same, and retaining- |
a copy in place of the check so delivered up. j
Just one word on this subject. I submit j
this resolution at the instance of the gentle- j
man who was the chairman of that committee, j
a gentleman then representing a district of the
State of New York, Mr. Lincoln. This check
was produced before that committee as one
link in th  chain of testimony proposed to es-
tablish a certain point. That check was never
returned. The only object of this resolution
is to authorize the Clerk of this House to take j
the check from the files and return it to the
one to whom it belongs.
The preamble and resolution were adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND OFFICE RBPORf.
Mr. PRICE, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and adopted :
Besolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed five thousand copies of the report of the
Commissioner of the Gen oral Land Office for 1870,
of which three thousand copies shall be for the use
of the House, one thousand for the Senate, and one
thousand for the land department.
Mr, PRICE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPORTATIONS.
Mr. PRICE, from the same committee, also
reported the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Besolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House one thousand extra copiesof the communica-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury in reference to
importations used in the arts and manufactures of
the United States.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BIENNIAL REGISTER.
Mr. PRICE, from the same committee, also
reported the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Ilexolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed one thousand extra copies of the United
States Biennial Register for the year 1871.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
STAMPED ENVELOPES.
Mr. PRICE. I am also instructed by the
same committee to report back a petition
of sundry citizens of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania,
and also a petition of sundry citizens of Mar-
shalltown, Iowa, on the subject of the sale of
stamped envelopes by the Post Office Depart-
ment, and to move that the committee be dis-
charged from their further consideration, and
that thev be referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
CIVIL SERVICE REFORM.
Mr. SNAPP. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following preamble and resolution,
and to have the same referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of-the Union :
Whoroas, on December 18,1871, a commission com-
posed of seven men addressed a document, called
a "report,'' to the President of the United States,
recommending in said document that the Presi-
dent of t,hc30 United States adopt a set of rules,
numbering thirteen, framed by these seven ipen
called a " commission and whereas in said rules
there is a recommendation thatan " advisory board
be appointed by the President, and in addition
thereto that "thePresidentdesignate three persons
in each department of the public service to serve as
a bonrd of examiners" to permit men to enter the
public service: Therefore,
lie it rcsohed, That it is not expedient that said
recommendation be adopted, and that such recom-
mendation doesnotmeetthcapprovalof thisHouse,
nor do we believe that said rules and report meet
the approval of the people of theso United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think this resolution
should be acted upon now.
Mr. DAWES. "I understand that the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Snai'p] is desirous
of addressing the Committee of the Whole
upon this subject. If this resolution shall be
referred to the; Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, I will in a few moments
move to go into Committee of the Whole to
give him that opportunity.
Mr. MAYNARD. Would it not be better
for this resolution to be referred to the Cam-
