1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4025
Mr. MERRIAM. I will explain that this bill
was up for discussion before, and several amend-
ments were offered which have been adopted
by the Committee on Banking and Currency
unanimously; that, no principle of finance
is invo'ved in it; that it is simply an act to
lessen the burdens of the clearing house ex-
changes, which have grown to a magnitude that
it is almost impossible to transact business
with safety without the aid of this legislation.
I ask for the passage of the bill..
Mr. ELDREDGE. Is not this the same bill
that the House once rejected?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
that the bill was once before the House, but
was recommitted to the Committee on Bank-
ing and Currency.
The question was put on suspending the
rules and passing the bill ; and? there were—
ayes 85, noes 35 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Eldredge
and Mr. Merriam were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—yeas 94, noes 33.
Mr. MANSON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds voting iij favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the bill was passed.
order of business
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
make a parliamentary inquiry. I desire to
ask the Speaker whether, under the rules of
the House, so long as members move to sus-
pend the rules it. is possible to get a vote on
the bill before the House for the enforcement
of the laws at elections?
The SPEAKER. It is not, because the
enforcement bill reported by the Committee
on the Insurrectionary States is a report made
under the rules that govern that committee,
and the motions to which the gentleman refers
to suspend'the rules include that rule. All the
rules of the House are included in a motion
for the suspension ot the rules, and the only
exception during the last ten days in which a
majority of the House can control its business
is when the previous question has been sec-
onded. Then the Chair does not recognize
motions to suspend the rules ; and the other
exception is the public business, which is
technically known as that coming from the
Committee of Ways and Means aridthe Com-
mittee on Appropriations. A majority can
suspend the rules in those cases, when it takes
two* thirds to suspend the rules in reference to
other measures. The rules of the House give
that advantage to the public business over any
other business. But during the last ten days
of the session a motion to suspend the rules is
in order at any time.
Mr. BCJTLER, of Massachusetts. In that
case it would be impossible, as I understand
the ruling of the Chair, to force a vote on that
k'xiie SPEAKER. The Chair does not
answer that question. It is impossible for
the Chair to refuse to recognize a member
who desires to move a suspension of the rules;
the Chair will say that much.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
move that the House now adjourn, for there is
no use in remaining here.
Mr. DAWES. I ask my colleague [Mr.
Butler] to hear me a moment. 1 understand
that there are several gentlemen who desire a
debating school tonight, without any busi-
ness being transacted. Ihe tariff bill is ex-
pected over from the Senate this afternoon
or this evening. I therefore suggest that we
now take a recess until seven o'clock.
Several Members. Eight o clock.
Mr. DAWES. I will say half past seven
o'clock, the sess-ion this evening to be for
debate only, with this exception: that any
communication from the Senate may be re-
ceived and ordered to be printed. I hen it
the tariff bill comes over it can be ordered to
)ae printed for the use of the House to-morrow.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And referred.
Mr. DAWES. No, there will be no need
of referring it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let appropri-
ation bills be included in that order.
Mr. DAWES. My suggestion covers every j
communication from the Senate that anybody
may desire to have printed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
content with that, and will withdraw my mo-
tion to adjourn.
Mr. DAWES. Then I will ask that that
arrangement be made.
Mr. CONGER. I Object; because there is
pending before this House a bill to protect
immigrants to this country, which I think the
public interest requires shall be acted upon at
this session.
Mr. DAWES. Will it help that bill any to
adjourn now?
Mr. CONGER. It will help it to remain
here and attend to the business of the coun-
try.
Mr. DAWES. The question of adjourn-
ment was what I addressed myself to.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman proposed
an arrangement to facilitate an adjournment.
That is what I object to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
rules be so suspended as to make the order
suggested by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Dawes,] for a recess until half past
seven o'clock.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I ask con-
sent to submit a resolution to be referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object, and insist
on my motion.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Before the vote
is taken on that motion 
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
it.
Mr. CONGER. My point of order is that
the rules cannot be suspended for an arrange-
ment of the kind proposed by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] although
they may be suspended for regular business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not kuow
anything for which this House cannot suspend
the rules, except to violate the Constitution.
Mr. CONGER. They cannot be suspended
for that purpose ?
The SPEAKER. They cannot.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] to modify his
motion so that the oider shall require com-
munications from the Senate to-night to be
printed instead of ordering that they may be
printed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will modify my
motion as suggested by the gentleman.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth,] that the rules be so suspended
that the House shall now take a recess until
half past seven o'clock this evening, and that
the session of this evening shall be for general
debate only, no business whatever to be trans-
acted except that communications received
from the Senate shall be ordered to be printed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. There is already pending
a motion to suspend the rules. When the House
shall be again in session for the transaction
of general business the Chair will recognize
the gentleman.
enrolled bills signed
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled bills of the following titles ; when the
Speaker sigued the same:
An act (S. No. 58) to prescribe the time for
holding the election for electors of President
and Vice President in the State of Louisiana;
An act (S. No. 631) authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri river
at Brownville, Nebraska; and
An act (S. No. 828) authorizing the con-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri river
opposite to or within the corporate limits of
Nebraska City, Nebraska.
recess.
The question recurred on the motion of
Mr. Farnsworth as modified.
The question being taken, there were—ayes
one hundred and thirty-seven, noes not
counted.
Mr. CONGER called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof )
the motion of Mr. Farnsworth was agreed to.
Accordingly, (at twelve o'clock and twenty
minutes p. m.,) the House took a recess till
half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House (at
half past seven o'clock p. m.) resumed its
session.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported that the
committee had examined and found truly en-
rolled bills of the following titles ; when the
Speaker signed the same :
An act (II. R. No. 2192) to establish a
western judicialdistrict of North Carolina; and
An act (H. R. No. 2938) granting right of
way to the Utah, Idaho, and Montana Railroad
Company.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The meeting of the House
this evening is for the purpose of debate only.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Gor-
ham, its Secretary, informed the House that
the Senate agreed to the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
298) directing the conveyance of certain lots
of ground, with the improvements thereon, for
the use of the public schools of the city of
Washington.
The message further announced that the
Senate agreed to the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
299) amending an act entitled " An act direct-
ing the conveyance of a lot of ground for the
use of the public schools of the city of Wash-
ington."
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles ;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
A bill (S. No. 599) granting a pension to
Julia Belle Dunlap;
A bill (S. No. 854) granting a pension to
John B. Rose, of Indiana ;
A bill (S. No. 1119) granting a pension to
Margaret Nelson ; and
A bill (S. No. 1113) granting a pension to
Calvin A. Laws.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, bills
of the House of the following titles:
A bill (H. R. No. 2401) granting a pension
to-Margaret Caldwell ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2416) granting a pension
to Andrew Reinfort;
A bill (H. R. No. 2417) granting a pension
to Abraham Cooper ;
A bill (H. K No. 2418) granting a pension
to Mrs. Nancy E. Pugh ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2422) granting a pension
to Phcebe Ann Elderkin ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2423) granting a pension
to James Supple;
A bill (H. R. No. 2397) granting a pension
to Margaret C. Gibson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2398) granting a pension
to Martha E. Rudolph ; and
