4026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May SO,
A bill (H. R. No. 2400) granting a pension
- to William B. Taylor.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, with amendments, in which the
concurrence of the House was requested, a
bill (H. R. No. 2419) to grant a pension to
"William Freshorae.
KU KLUX OUTRAGES.
Mr. STEVENSON. Mr. Speaker, the
gravest question before Congress remains to
be considered—the Ku Klux conspiracy, its
origin and extent, its character and actions,
its plans and purposes, its condition and pros-
pects. It originated in hostility to the Gov-
ernment, in enmity against the Union. It is
the immediate successor Of the southern con-
federacy, the rebellion in disguise, waging war
at midnight. It rose like an exhalation of the
night, from the unsodden, bloody grave of the
" lost cause."
In 1865-66, when the smoke of conflict yet
hung over the land, bands of armed men over-
ran all of the late insurrectionary States, com-
mitting outrages upon freedmen and white
Unionists. If gentlemen will examine the
report of the investigating committee, from
page 263 to 271, they will find evidence of the
doings of violent bands during that period.
In the latter part of 1865 outrages in dis-
guise began. They had been openly com-
mitted until the Government began to take
cognizance of them, and to protect the people
and punish the conspirators ; then they began
to put on disguise and march at midnight.
General Wager Swayne, in his report of De-
cember, 18G5, speaks of outrages committed
upon freedmen by bands in disguise in the
night-time. Gradually the conspiracy took
its present form. In the winter of 1866,
General Thomas testified before the -Recon-
struction Committee that he had knowledge
of the existence of a hostile secret organiza-
tion throughout the late insurrectionary States.
General Forrest, in his testimony before the
committee, says that the organization existed
and was known as the Pale-Faces or Ku
Klux in 186tj. General Thomas stated that
it extended throughout the insurrectionary
States. General Forrest stated in 1868 that
the organization then existed throughout the
South. And there is evidence that it extended
to Kentucky, which was but a semi-insurrec-
tionary State. The extent of the conspiracy
from the Potomac to the Rio Grande justifies
its real title, which is " The Invisible Empire
of the South."
in the report of the select Committee on the
Condition of the Insurrectionary States, on
page 449, will be found an admission on the
part of the minority, the Democratic members
of that committee, which gives great weight
to the testimony of certain gentlemen. The
minority say :
"Perhaps the men who knew more about the
formation of what huscome to be familiarly known
as the Ku Kiux organization than any others were
Gencn) 1 N. J>. Forrest, of Tennessee, and General
John jj. Gordon, of Georgia."
General N. B. Forrest, of Tennessee, said
in 1868 that the organization then existed
all over the South; that it had forty thou-
sand members in Tennessee, and five hundred
and fifty thousand members in the South.
What iheir numbers now are may be con-
jectured, but are known only to their lead'ers.
It was originally formed by and composed
of the officers and men who had served in the
rebel armies. General Forrest so states inhis
testimony. In volume one of the testimony
relative' to the State of Georgia, page 823, will
be found what General Gordon 3ays on this
point;
"I think the organization was' maialy confined
to the Hoteliers of the .army, men Whcr hart shown
themselves plucky and ready to meet any einer-
genoy, and who were accustomed to eomm&nci,"
General Forrest describes them as "good
men," such as-he commanded in the rebel-
lion.
The forces of the conspiracy have been
under the control of such men as Generals
Gordon and Hampton and Forrest. They
had under them inferior officers, running down
from grade to grade, captain of a company, or
chief or cyclops of a Klan. The organization
begins at the den and extends to the precinct,
to the county, to the congressional district, to
the whole South. It is a compact, connected,
consistent organization, moving as a perfect
body from the head to the humblest member,
as an army in the field, with sternet* discipline
than that of an army, for the rank and file of
this order neither know nor see their com-
mander, whose edict goes forth as from one
infinitely above them, as from one on high.
These commands bind the members by
an oath enforced by fear, administered with
strange ceremonies, emphasized by the penalty
of death. At midnight members are led blind-
fold to the council, and there, kneeling on
their knees, hear the ritual read and the oath
administered. And as the bandage is drawn
from their eyes they see circles of men in
strange and frightful disguises armed with re-
volvers leveled in cordon round the head of the
member, and the Grand Cyclops says: '• And
this you do under a penally of a traitor's
doom, which is death! death 1 death 1" In
some dens there are strange symbols of horror.
In one m North Carolina two skulls, one of
a white man, a Union soldier, whose grave was
rifled and his skull prepared for the den ; and
the other that of a lreedm&n, who had been
murdered, and a vial of the blood of that
colored victim, and the candidate was sworn
in "by these skulls and this blood."
Thus the members are sworn to obey their
superior officers under penalty of death, and
under that oath they are obliged to take the
field at the command of their superior, and to
do any deed he may command, even to murder.
Scores of members have confessed and sworn
that they have committed outrages and murders
at the command of their officers. The out-
rages vary from threats and intimidations to
scourging, wounding, maiming, and killing by
shooting, drowing, hanging, and burning. If we
could know the whole truth it would appear
that since the war this conspiracy has out-
raged more than thirty thousand men, women,
and children—peaceful, innocent, defenseless
citizens of the Republic.
They have murdered hundreds and thou-
sands. In a single county (Spartanburg) in
South Carolina more than five hundred out-
rages are proven; in a single township of
that county (Limestone) one hundred and
eighteen. In Union county, South Carolina,
there were hundreds of outrages—eight mur-
ders in one night.
The nature of these outrages is best de-
scribed by the eminent counsel who appeared
at Columbia before the United States circuit
court. Hon. fieverdy Johnson was employed
to defend the conspiracy, to conduct their de-
fense, paid by contributions from their Klans
and sympathizers ; yet, after listening to the
evidence, in his argument to the jury he
said:
" The outrages proved are shoeking to humanity.
They admit of neith er excuse nor justification. They
violate every obligation which law and nature
impose on men."
I have no language more appropriate to
describe their deeds than this of their own paid
counsel.
The extent to which they have proceeded
may be judged from House Executive Docu-
ment No. 268, special message of the Pres-
ident of April 19, 1872, in answer to a resolu-
tion of this House. This message of the
President eovers official papers, one of which
is a letter from the present Attorney General,
Hon. George H. Williams, underdate April.19,
1'872, in which the Attorney General states the
result so far as the Department of Justice
was then idvised of the judicial proceedings
against the conspiracy. He says that in the
State of South Carolina fifty-three persons
had voluntarily confessed in open court that
they at the time of the confession were or
had been members of the combinations and
conspiracies forbidden and made penal by the
act of Congress. He gives the names of five
who had been tried by jury at the November
term in 1871; one hundred and sixty-two other
persons had been indicted at the same court;
two hundred atad eighty-one persons arrested ;
one hundred and eighty-five persons living in
York county alone had beeti paroled to appear
when required, having confessed their connec-
tion with said conspiracies.
In the State of North Carolina, thirty-seven
persons had been convicted or pleaded guilty ;
nine hundred and forty-four others had been
indicted. In the State of Mississippi, m the
southern district, one hundred and fifty-two
persons had been indicted ; and in the north-
ern district four hundred and ninety persons
had been indicted, two hundred of whom had
been arrested; one hundred and seventy-two
had been bound over, twenty-eight had pleaded
guilty, and fourteen had confessed and given
State's evidence.
Since this report further indictments, trials,
convictions, and confessions have occurred;
and in Alabama, Georgia, Florida, and other
States, proceedings had been had of which no
official report has been made. Thus the facts
have been repeatedly found by juries and con-
fessed by criminals in hundreds of cases, and
scores of Ku Klux are serving sentences in
prisons on convictions by juries and confes-
sions in open court. Such being the origin,
character, extent, and operations of this great .
Conspiracy, we may well inquire against whom
are its terrors aimed? There is no question
that it strikes exclusively at the Unionists of
the South, principally at the freedmen. What
is its purpose? No man can deny that it
is political. The oath swears the member to
oppbse Radicalism, to oppose the Radical
party, to oppose the political equality of the
races. General Forrest said :
" It is a protective political military organization.
Its objects originally were protection against Loyal
Leagues and the Grand Army of the Republic; but
after it became general, it was found that political
mattersand interests could best be promoted within
it, and it was then made a political organization,
giving its support, of course,to the Democratic party.
" But is the organization connected throughout the
State?
" Yes, it is. In each voting precinct there is a cap-
tain, who, in addition to his other duties, is required
to make out a list, of names of men in his precinct,
giving all the Radicals and all the Democrats who
are positively known; and showing also the doubt-
ful on both sides and of both colors. This list of
names is forwarded to the grand commander of the
State, who is thus enabled to know who are our
friends and who are not."
The object of the conspiracy is purely polit-
ical. What effect has this organization pro-
duced ? In the report of the committee, from
page 248 to 252, will be found exhibits showing
what effect it has already produced on elec-
tions. It appears that in the States of
Georgia, Louisiana, Tennessee, and South
Carolina from the spring election in 1868 to
the election for President in 1868, the Repub-
lican vote was reduced eighty-five thousand
votes by the intimidation and violence of the
Klan. Ift the spring, such toen as Bullock,
Warinoth, and Brownlow ran for Governor,
and in the fall General Grant ran for Pres-
ident, and yet the Republican vote was reduced
eighty-five thousand.
States. Spring.
Georgia, (for BuHoc'k)  83.147
Louisiana, {for Warmoth)  64,901
Tennessee, (for Brownlow)  74.4S4
South Carolina  72.7oS
Total  295,290
States. Full.
Georgia, (for Grant),.,  57.1.U
Louisiana, (for Grant)  .>4.20,4
Tennessee, (for Grant)  5B.7->6
South Carolina, (for Grant)    02.301
Total  209,454
