2234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
legislation that, consistent with the rights of
others, gave the freest and largest liberty of
action and thought, believing this secured the
independence and elevation of every citizen,
and his equal chance in the race of life, and
which of right he ought to have, and which
no Government should infringe upon. Nat-
urally holding these opinions, it would seem
that I would be opposed to the present bank-
ing system of the United States, indeed to any
system whose privileges were not to be or
could not be enjoyed by every citizen of the
State, and so I am.
It is my reading of the history of parties in
the United States that at one period in this
history one of the parties then existing denied
any authority in the Government of the Uni-
ted States to grant charters even for one na-
tional bank, while the party in opposition to
this denial of authority claimed alone that a
great fiscal agent might for '• the general wel-
fare" be incorporated; that a national bank
was required by the needs and wants of the
Government. That idea is exploded, but iu
lieu thereof we have created by the authority
of the Government eighteen hundred and
eighty-six corporations known as national
banks, located in the States without their con-
sent and by a mere agent of the national Gov-
ernment. These corporations are to be found
everywhere in our limits, and are vested with
rights and enjoy privileges not held by every
citizen. Favored by the national Government,
they furnish a part of the currency which con-
trols instead of representing the labor of the
country.
It occurs to me, Mr. Speaker, that to meet
the demands of the laboring and producing
classes of our fellow-citizens, the first step to
be taken must be in the regulation of our cur-
rency. Under existing laws and the condition
of the country—and your legislation has pro-
duced the condition of things to which I will
refer—the laboring classes, in the high prices
required to be paid by them for everything
they need, in the heavy usury they are com-
pelled to pay for credit money, in the increased
taxes resulting from partial legislation, alike
in your currency and tariff laws, can do no
more than subsist, and that, iu too frequent
instances, at the expense of the education of
their children. And if sickticss or misfortune
come, crime for which you have no sympa-
thy is their refuge.
With these prefatory remarks I come now
to the consideration of the propositions
involved in the resolution, and in order
properly to consider them, it is necessary in
my opinion that we should first answer the
question whose duty it is to supply or furnish
the circulating medium or currency for the
exchange of the products of labor and the
trade of any given State or country. Unques-
tionably it is the supreme power or authority.
It is a further duty of that power or authority
to furnish a currency of a uniform and stable
value, and I maintain that it is also the 'duty
of that authority to fix the value or rate of
the use of that currency whenever established
or furnished. I am aware that it is a received
opinion among those learned in trade and in
finance that money is a commodity, and as
such should be held and regarded as any other
commodity or article of merchandise ; but,
however hazardous it may be, I take issue
with this opinion. Gold and silver and paper
in the abstract are commodities, and are arti-
cles of merchandise ; but when the supreme
power stamps the one, when made into a
given size, or writes upon the other, or
authorizes it to be done, and by its legislative,
judicial, and executive authority says that in
the work of exchange of balances of pro-
ducts they shall represent so much thereof,
then the supreme power invests gold, silver,
and paper with a privilege and function that
does not belong to the simple commodity.
A dollar, as such, is nothing, except as the
means ot procuring so much labor, or iis
accumulations in property ; then it is wealth,
then it is the representative of labor. Now, if
the supreme power shall fail, iu making a cur-
rency, to have it of uniform value, or in any
manner fail, in the control thereof, to preserve
its stability, then, besides dereliction in duty,
it permits the destruction of what currency is
intended to represent, the surplus of labor in
exchange. Down to the recent action of the
Supreme Court of the United States in the
case of Knox vs. Lee and Parker vs. Davis
we had but one legal and constitutional cur-
rency, gold and silver, a currency recognized
by all trades and all countries. In my judg-
ment, it would have been in harmony with the
meaning of the framers of the Constitution, as
well as m harmony with the interests of trade
now and hereafter, if the opinion of that court
had maintained the accepted views of the
country prior to the passage of the legal-tender
act; but since that opinion we have, in addition
to gold and silver, a paper currency, known as
legal-tender notes, as a constitutional cur-
rency. By the common usages of trade, with
the sanction of the supreme power, we have an
additional currency in the national bank
notes, not a legal-tender in paymect of debts,
and sanctioned only upon the pretended
ground of convenience. It is well, right here,
to state how much the entire amount of paper
currency we have is. The statement, then, is,
as I gather from official sources :
Umted States notes, Jane 30, 1871, as per Treasurer's
report.
Old demand notes  896,505 50
Legal-tender notes, new issue  181,806,518 00
United States notes, series of 1869  171,193,482 00
Compound-interest notes  128,037 00
One-year notes of 1863   44,502 50
Two-year notes of 1863  23,432 50
Two-year coupon notea of 1863   81-1,280 00
Fractional currency, first issue  4,414.023 04
Fractional currency, second issue  3,218,136 37
Fractional currency, third issue  5,617,030 7o
Fractional currency, fourth, issue  27,333,157 40
Total  397,693,652 06
National bank notes in circulation, as
per Comptroller's report  322,952,030 20
Grand total $720,651,632 26
The population of the United States, I shall
assume, is, in the year 1872, forty millions, so
that there are not quite twenty dollars per
capita of currency.
It will be observed in this statement tint
$322,952,030, 20, or nearly one half, is not
legal, but a tolerated currency sanctioned by
law for convenience, as alleged. For whose
tfouveuience? Does not the legal-tender note
possess a higher value to the holder? Will it
not pay his debts? Is it not guarded belter
by the law ? Surely it cannot be argued that
it is for the interest of those who are simply
holders.
Again, the existence of the national bank
note makes two classes in your currency, tends
to destroy uniformity, and through frauds and
defalcations of officers, agents, &e., and fail-
ures of the banks, tends to destroy the sta-
bility of your currency. And this want of
uniformity and stability is at the expense of
the labor of the country
Again, there is a greater liability to counter-
feiting—in fact, the multiplicity of these insti-
tutions, it is believed, encourages and assists
the counterfeiter, and whatever loss is occa-
sioned thereby falls upon, not the bank, but
the labor of the country.
Placiug, Mr. Speaker, an estimate of loss
occasioned by this difference in the two classes
of currency at two and a half per cent, per
annum, you have about two million dollars
that the labor of this country pays for this
currency of alleged convenience. In having
but one class, with the improvements that are
being made in the manufacture of bank-note
paper, the people will not be so liable to be
imposed upon by counterfeits; iu relation to
which I beg leave to call the attention of the
Ilouf.e to the remarks made by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Monroe] the other day iu
advocacy of the proposition " to provide for
the retirement of worn and mutilated cur-
rency," which were in these words, and author-
ized by the Treasury Department:
"But a more important object of this bill is to
protect the people against counterfeiting. Some of
the bank notes now in circulation bavo been coun-
terfeited in such a manner as to give the officers of
the Treasury Departmentsome solicitude. This fact
is brought to light in the note of the Secretary of
the Treasury which I have already read. Danger-
ous counterfeits exist, and we have reason to fear
that there will be more of them. New plates and
new printing will of itself put the counterfeiters at
fault for a long time. But a more important pro-
tection against counterfeiting is found in the fact
that, should this bill become a law, the Secretary
of the Treasury will feel authorized to print the
new issue upon the special fiber paper. This paper
has now been used for nearly three y-ears in print-
ing the legal-tender notes. The result of this ex-
periment has been most encouraging. Thus tar few
attempts at counterfeiting have been made, and
those so imperfect as to be readily detected by per-
sons of average experience in the use of money.
The manufacture of the special fiber paper requires
large apartments, maohinery moved by sfeam, pure
spring water, and, altogether, such an aggregation
of buildings, material, and workmen as would ex-
cite suspicion when employed for dishonest pur-
poses. Counterfeiters, therefore, cannot engage in
this business without detection, even if we were
to suppose them to have capital enough for the
purpose."
Now, although it is preiended that the na-
tional banks pay out of the taxes levied upon
their circulation, &c., the expenses of the
notes printed by the United States for their
use, yet when the comparatively inadequate
tax they pay is regarded, it will be estimated
by the common sense of the country that the
people really pay the burden of this accom-
modation to the banks. In truth, there is
now pending a bill reported from the commit-
tee, to which I have already referred, which
seeks to tax the people nearly one million dol-
lars in order to supply these institutions with
new notes in lieu of those mutilated. So
then, Mr. Speaker, for this alleged currency
of convenience the labor of the people is taxed
for losses that accrue from want of stability
and equality in value with the legal-tender
notes, for losses that occur from facility iu
counterfeiting, and for expense attending its
issue, including the printing of notes and keep-
ing up a Bureau of Currency, all of which, I
think, I do not overestimate when I reckon it
by millions per annum, and which may be
saved to the people by the substitution of a
higher, safer, and more valuable currency, to
wit, that of legal-tender notes; reasons suf-
ficient, it would seem, to insure the favorable
consideration of the first proposition submitted.
But, in this connection, if in addition thereto,
ana in making this substitution or exchange,
the sum ot $21,000,000 per annum can be
taken from the annual taxes required of the
people, (as I shall maintain it cati lawfully be
done,) then there should be no hesitation in
adopting the proposition.
This leads me to the consideration of the
second proposition. The amount of national
bank notes in circulation on the 30th day of
September. 1871, was $322,952,030 20. Now,
if this amount is retired it will require the issue
of a like amount of greenbacks or legal-tender
notes, and is to that extent apparently an in-
crease of the national debt; that is, inasmuch
as it is not proposed to diminish the quantity
of currency. But if, in making this issue, with
it a like amount of the five-twenty bonds are
paid and retired, there will be no actual increase
of the national debt, but rather a decrease, since
interest on that amount would cease upon pay-
ment. Without disguise this proposition in-
volves the question whether the five-twenty
bonds may be lawfully paid in legal-tender
notes. It is the history of each, that they had
a common birth, by the act of 1862. It is
manifest by that act that the legal-tender note
was made " a legal tender at its face value for
all debts, public and private, except duties on
imports and interest on the public debt." The
express declaration is made that it was a legal
tender for all public debts, and the five twenties
were then being made one, and the exception
