442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
mittee on the Reorganization of the Civil
Service?
Mr. DAWES. I do not know of anything
special for the House to consider at this time.
Mr. CONGER. Would it be proper to move
to refer this resolution to the special Com-
mittee on the Reorganization of the Civil Ser-
vice ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union would take precedence. The res-
olution, however, is not yet received, either
for reference or any other purpose. Is there
objection to receiving the resolution for the
purpose of reference to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
Mr. SHELDON. I object.
Mr. DAWES. I do not see why there should
be any objection to referring the resolution to
the Committee of the Whole.
The SPE AICE R. The gentleman from Louis-
iana [Mr. Sheldok] objects, and the resolu-
tion is not before the House.
SULPHUR MINING—PLATE GLASS.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am directed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to report back
two bills with a recommendation that they lie
on the table; and also to report at the same
time a bill as a substitute for them.
The SPEAKER. The titles of the bills
which the gentleman reports back will be read.
. The Clerk read as follows:
A bill (H. R. No. 807) to allow the Calcasieu Sul-
phur Mining Company of New Orleans to import
certain machinery free of duty.
A bill (H. R. No. 424) to permit the importation
without duty of machinery for polishing and grind-
ing plate glass.
The SPEAKER. These bills, if there be
be no objection, will be laid on the table. The
tisle of the bill reported as a substitute, and
which, unless objection be made, will be treated
as an original bill, will be read by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows :
A bill (II. R. No. 1062) to admitcertain machinery
imported irom foreign countries free ot duty.
The bill, which was read, provides in the
first section that the Calcasieu Sulphur Mining
Company, of New Orleans, be permitted to
import free of duty, under such regulations as
the Secretary of ihe Treasury'shall prescribe,
certain machinery and accompanying imple-
ments, for the purpose of, and to be used only
in making a series of experiments in mining
for sulphur in the parish of Calcasieu, State
of Louisiana, provided that the value of such
importation shall not exceed $25,000, and that
the machinery and implements be imported
within two years from the passage of this act.
The second section provides that it shall be
lawful for the period of two years for any
person or company actually engaged in the
manufacture of plate glass in the United
States to import free of duty, under such rule3
and regulations as the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall prescribe, necessary machinery for
polishing and grinding such plate glass, and
to be by themselves actually used for this
purpose.
Mr. MAYNARD. This bill, which the com-
mittee have unanimously instructed me to re-
port, embodies the substance of the two bills
which have been laid upon the table—one pre-
sented by the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Sheldon,] and the other by my colleague on
the committee, the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Kerr.] The first section of the bill which
we have framed authorizes a company that is
mining for sulphur in the State of Louisiana
to import certain peculiar machinery (not man-
ufactured or likely to be manufactured in this
country) for the purpose of penetrating a layer
of several hundred feet, mostly of quicksand.
The expenditure in this enterprise has already
been considerable. ]f it shall result in finding
a_ deposit of sulphur, which is believed by scien-
tific men to exist there, it will be agreat acqui-
sition to the material interests of the country.
If it does not, it will be a great loss to the par-
ties engaged in the enterprise. As it comes in
conflict with no industry of this country, it was
deemed by the Committee of Ways and Means
just and sound policy to allow these parties to
import certain machinery used for similar pur-
poses by miners in Belgium. That is the sub-
stance of the first section.
The second section relates to a manufacture
which has never been successfully inaugurated
in this country, but which some parties are
now attempting to inaugurate in the State of
Indiana—the manufacture of plate glass. In
seeking to establish this manufacture they de-
sire to import certain machinery used for this
purpose in Prance, to enable them to perfect
their experiment, the machinery being in this
case, as in the other, not produced or likely
to be produced in this country, certainly not
until the manufacture here shall be demon-
strated to be a success. For these reasons the
committee unanimously recommend the pas-
sage of the bill I have presented. If there are
no questions to be asked, I will demand the
previous question.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Thegentleman has
stated that the bill is unanimously recom-
mended by the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MAYNARD. Am I mistaken in that?
Mr. FINKELNBURG. It is but justice to
myself to say that I was not in favor of the
bill in the committee, but voted against it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I owe the House
and the gentleman an apology. I certainly
thought the report was unanimous.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I hope the gentle
man will allow me a few moments to say why
I opposed the bill in committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Mr. Speaker, I do
not believe in this special relief legislation.
A few days ago we had before us a bill to re-
lieve ship-builders from the high tariff duties
upon ship-building materials. Yesterday we
passed a bill, relieving, in favor of cilizens of
Chicago, tariff duties on house building mate-
rials. To-day we have presented to us a bill
to relieve certain manufacturing companies
from the duty upon machinery ; and if I am
correctly informed, there are other bills of a
similar nature now pending or on their way
to this House.
Now, all this special relief legislation against
high duties, this system of protection against
protection, in my opinion is wrong in princi-
ple. We ought to go to the bottom of these
troubles, remove the source of the evil, and
inake such a moderate but general reduction
of tariff duties as the revenue industry and
credit of the country will permit us to make.
When some influential aud powerful indus-
try is hurt by the tariff, it comes here and has
influence enough to prevail on Congress for a
special relief bill; but the balance of the people
are left to bear the burden as best they may.
If it relieves ship-builders to have cheap ship-
building materials, to have cheap cordage,
lumber, and copper, then it will relieve every
otherindustry in the land usingthose materials.
If it will aid the citizens of Chicago to have
cheap house-building materials, then it will aid
every village, town, and city throughout the
west which are being built to-day, or are to be
built hereafter. It it aids this glass manufac-
tory, or this sulphur company, to have cheap
machinery, then it will aid every other manu-
factory in the land which uses machinery. So,
then, every argument in favor of this special
tariff legislation is also an argument in favor
of general reduction.
Mr, M AYNARD. I wish to say,Mr. Speaker,
that so far as the general principle involved in
this bill is concerned, I do not propose to go
into any general discussion of it at this time.
These are exceptional cases; they are the ex-
ceptions which prove the rule. And as to the
merits of these particular exceptional cases
proposed to be made by this bill, I will yield
to ray colleague on the committee from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Kerb,] who represents the district
where this glass manufactory has been estab-
lished.
Mr. KERR. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
a few words only on this bill. 1 agree most
heartily in nearly everything said by my col-
league on the committee, from Missouri, [Mr.
Finkelnburg,] in reference to the general
principle that should be observed in tariff
legislation, and in general disapproval of this
kind of'special legislation, but I do not agree
with him in what appears to be on h 's part a
misapprehension, if not an insinuation. He
intimated that these two industries are pow-
erful, and come here, and by reason of their
power have been able to secure a favorable
recommendation on the subject of this bill.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I hope the gentle-
man did not misunderstand me. I do not
refer to these two particular industries, but in
general to powerful interests coming here and
securing special legislation in their behalf.
Mr. KERR. 1 am glad my friend from
Missouri did not refer to these two in that
allusion, because they neither came here nor
attempted to exercise any influence whatever.
So far as he refers to others fully established,
long existing, or even ever so recently estab-
lished in the country, and having ability to
exercise influence and power here, I agree
with all the gentleman said. We have all seen
the great evils and gross wrongs brought about
in legislation by such agencies, and no man
condemns them more heartily than I do. I
want our present ill-conceived and scandal-
ously unjust and oppressive tariff reformed,
completely and effectually, in the interests of
the revenue and of the suffering people. I
hope this session of Congress will not adjourn
until it is accomplished. And in doing this
all rings and combinations of corrupt and self-
ish men should be indignantly repelled and
rebuked.
But, in reference to these two measures,
because practically they are two, I have only
to say that of plate glass, ordinarily called
French plate glass, there is no manufactory
in this country. Two or three times attempts
have been made to establish this industry, but
always thus far they have been abandoned as
unsuccessful and impracticable. But now, an
enterprising company, organized a few years
ago for the manufacture of ordinary glass, in
the city of New Albany, in which I reside, have
determined they will venture their capital and
energy in another attempt to establish the suc-
cessful manufacture of French plate glass. In
order to commence that manufacture they are
compelled by the necessity which surrounds
them to import their machinery from France,
because it is not made in America. Their en-
terprise is a mere experiment so far as it re-
lates to this kind of glass. It may, or it may
not succeed. If it succeeds after the first single
importation of this machinery, this bill will
have no further effect. The previous attempts
have been failures, and these intelligent men
hazard another effort with the chances against
them. They ask to be relieved from the pay-
ment of duty on the necessary machinery to
be used in the polishing and grinding of this
plate glass, that machinery to be used in this
business alono. And that is all there is in this
part of the bill. It is a plain and simple matter,
it needs no elaboration to make it clear.
In reference to the other part of the bill, I
have this to say: there are supposed to be
large and valuable deposits of sulphur in the
parish of Calcasieu, in Louisiana. It is said
by geologists of competence and learning, tha
it does exist there in great quantities, but.
such great depths below the surface of tl
earth, some five hundred feet, beneath vas
formations or deposits of sand and gravel, that
only a peculiar kind of machinery can be suc-
cessfully used to develop the existence of this
sulphur. This machinery is only made in Hol-
land and Belgium, where, for iike purposes,
very deep borings have to be made and through
similar deposits. It becomes important, there-
