1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of interest on the public debt, had no other !
meaning than to give emphasis to the declara-
tion. There can be no want of faith to the
public creditor in this mode of payment; he
purchased the bond with this note, and in
his purchase' so made contracted by his pay-
ment of the note to receive it when tendered.
1 waive all consideration of the value of his
legal-tender note at the time, and the amount
he has received on his bond since, the con-
sideration of which shows that he has no equity
beyond the letter of his bond. This view of
the relative rights of the United States and
the bondholder is fortified and sustained by
eminent men in the Republican party, to
whose opinions I beg leave to refer.
Senator Morton, the now recognized leader
of that party, said in his place in the Senate
of the United States, that—
" I am anxious-to have the bonds paid in gold or
its equivalent, and that will be tlie result when we
return to specie payment, as I hope we soon shall,
but when I am asked to say that it is the original
law of the contract creating them, X cannot do it
without changing my convictions as to the construc-
tion of the statutes which I have entertained from
the first."
Senator John Sherman, who for several years
has been chairman of the Finance Committee
in the Senate, and, indeed, is kuown to be the
leader in financial affairs of his party, on the
20th of March, 1868, said :
"I think the bondholder violates his promise when
lie refuses to take the same kind of money he paid
for the bond. If the holder can legally demand
only the kind of money he paid, then he is a repu-
diator and extortioner to demand money more val-
uable than he gave."
General Butler, the successor of Thaddeus
Stevens in the leadership of his party on this
floor, said in one of his speeches on this sub-
ject that—
"To the assertion that by this course the public
creditor is injured, I reply that I propose to pay him
when his obligation falls due in precisely the same
money or currency which the Government has pro-
vided for every otiu-r creditor, public or private, to
be paid in, and that which it is declared upon the back
of every legal-tender note he may be paid in. 1 do
not propose to do injustice to the public creditor, but
to pay him according to the letter and spirit of his
obligation, and to secure him from tho danger of
repudiation, which will surely follow an attempt at
enforcement upon the people by their own votes of
an unjust and unconscionable transaction under the
guise of a contract."
And Thaddeus Stevens, who, more than all
other men, made the present Radical party,
and who, when living, ruled it with almost
the authority of a parent, said in one of his
speeches iu reference to this question :
"After they fall due they are payable in money,
just as the gentleman understands money ; just as
X understand it; just as we all understood it when
we passed the law authorizing that loan; just as it
was a dozen times explained upon the floor by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
when called on by gentlemen to explain what it
meant, and just as the whole House understood
it meant. If I knew there was such a platform and
such a determination on the part of any party, I
would vote for the other side, Frank Bj,air and
all. I would vote for no such swiudle on the tax-
payers of this country. I would vote lor no such
speculation in favor of the large bondholders, the
millionaires who took advantage ot our folly m
granting them coin payments of interest."
I might add other names, the views of other
recognized leaders of this party, and add fur-
ther their opinions as promulgated in party
conventions in several of the States. But the
authority of names is nothing compared to
the weight of the law itself as judicially ascer-
tained and determined by the highest tribunal
in the land. The Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States has decided that the legal tender
note means what it says. And if it is money
to your soldier, motley to your sailor, money
to your pensioner, money to your laborer and
employS, money between citizens, why shall
it not be, when the law is so declared, but for
your action, money to the bondholder? Why
should he be favored? Why should the tax-
payer toil and sweat, and deny his wife and
children comforts, for his benefit? Why should
millions be levied and collected from the labor-
ing classes of the people to supply gold for the
bondholder and paper for the lax-payer, and
a large part of that paper the mere promise to
pay of the bondholder?
Mr. Speaker, it seems to me that since the
recent decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States it is the imperative duly of the
Government to retrace its financial policy and
at once to set about the payment of its large
debt in the legal mode pointed out by the
decision referred to. A failure to do so makes
you particeps criminis in a great fraud upon
the tax-payers of the country.
As I have already said, I.do not at present
contemplate a ny increase inthevolumeof paper
currency, but it will readily be seen that it
may be done if demanded by the great inter-
ests of the country, and unless the third prop-
osition, to which I have asked the attention of
the House, shall, when tried, bring into aciive
circulation the immense amount of gold" and
silver now hoarded, it may become prudent to
increase the volume of paper currency iu the
shape of legal-tender notes.
I estimate that if the fractional and small-
note currency in paper is retired, in its place
will flow gold and silver currency from one
hundred and fifty to two hundred million
dollars, which will be in the hands of the peo-
ple for daily use. With this amount in the
hands of the people, and with the collections
of customs at fifty per cent, less than now done
in gold, you will have restored, as far as it is
practicable with your immense debt, a specie
basis to the trade of your country. Of the
advantages to the individual directly, and to
the trade and commerce of the whole country,
together with its bearings upon private and
public credit in having the daily circulating
medium in gold and silver, it is idle now to
speak. I take it for granted that there will be
no dissent to the proposition that it will alike
tend to support public and private credit, and
to build up trade and commerce upon a secure
and healthy basis. Is there any better method
of reaching so desirable an end than the one
suggested in my resolution ? If so, what is it 1
If so convinced, I am ready to adopt it.
Pursuing the thought that is in my mind, I
beg leave to direct attention now to the propo-
sition made to receive in legal-tender notes a
part of the duties derived from customs, now
payable in gold. Except for a limited amount
to pay certain officers of the Government, the
Treasury of the United States does not require
gold beyond the interest on the public debt so
payable. The public debt, upon which inter-
est is payable in coin -and currency, amounts
to $1,900,000,000, (I speak in round numbers.)
The interest payable in coin is about one hun-
dred millions per annum. The receipts from
customs for the year ending June 30, 1871,
was $206,270,408 05. Now, if you provide
that fifty per cent, of these dues may be pay-
able in legal-tender notes, the Government
will collect enough gold to pay all demands
against the Treasury and leave a sufficient
surplus (especially if we calculate upon an
increase of custom dues, as we have a right
to do) to meet our gold obligations as they
may be payable. Any balancc that may be in
the Treasury in legal tender notes, derived
from any source whatever, I would have applied
to the payment of the five-twenty bonds.
The adoption of [his proposition, it is be-
lieved, would tend to break down the differ-
ence now existing between the legal-tender
note and gold ; it, would tend to break up gold
gambling, since, more than anything else, it
is reasonably argued, the demand of the Gov-
ernment for gold in the collection of custom
dues serves to keep alive a gold market. If
this demand is diminished, and the policy of
paying the debt according to the bond is
adopted, speculators and gamblers will not,
cannot enslave the trade and commerce of the
country to their schemes and plots. But even
if it does not accord with the policy of the
Government to pay the five-twenties, as I have
argued, yet I submit it is just ill every other
view of the qucs.ion that no more gold shall
be exacted from the tax-payer than the actual,
not speculative, wants of the Government
may demand.
_ I observe with pleasure that my able and
distinguished friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] has introduced a resolution embracing
this last proposition, which he has had re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
1 trust he will prosecute the subject-matter
with his accustomed energy and zeal, since,
in my opinion, no more important question
in all of its bearings has been brought to the
consideration of ibis House. And from his
experience and established reputation in the
House and before the country, he is much
more likely than I, so new to both, to secure
for it favorable attention.
Before passing to my remaining proposition,
I may with propriety here answer a question
which will naturally suggest itself in the re-
view of the policy indicated in this resolu-
tion, and that is, is it contemplated to keep
a permanent debt upon the country in the shape
of legal-tender notes? To which I answer
without hesitation, no. No one can contem-
plate a national debt with more horror than
myself, my reasons for which it is not neces-
sary now to give. But we are in debt; and
I prefer a non-mterest bearing to an interest-
bearing debt, and declare that so soon as we
can we should get rid of both—the interest-
bearing debt first. And it is within my mean-
ing that when we come to retire our currency
debt it shall be done by substituting a cur-
rency of gold and silver, the Treasury Depart-
ment being authorized to issue gold certificates,
somewhat after the plan uow sanctioned by
law, and as I beiieve originally contemplated
by the authors of tho sub-Treasury scheme.
When we reach that point, we will be back
upon the old constitutional highway.
To the last resolution or proposition sub-
mitted by myself I now invite the attention of
the House, frankly stating that in my judg-
ment neither the Congress of the United
States or any of the States ought to exercise
the right and power of investing any citizen,
with privileges which may not by the same
law be enjoyed by every other citizen of the
land, and that I deny the authority of Con-
gress to grant charters to individuals for^any
purpose whatever, unless, indeed, it may be
done solely in the District of Columbia. But
if Congress and the States are to exercise these
doubtrul powers, and particularly in the mat-
ter of currency, which so vitally affects the
general welfare, then such wholesome cheeka
aud restraints as wisdom and experience sug-
gest should accompany the exercise of, the
power; and I therefore submit that if Con-
gress aid, or continues to aid, in the creation
of banks, and to superintend and control the
banking of the country, (and which, I repeat.,
according to my own convictions, Congress
ought not,) then that banking should with
proper security be made free to all persons
who will or may comply with the requisitions
of the law authorizing banking to be done.
No man under the law should be vested with
any rights, powers, privileges, or immunities
superior to any other man. It is upon this
idea that our Government is founded. A
superior, favored class, made so by legislative
enactment, at once makes war with that equal-
ity of citizenship intended to be perpetuated
by the authors of all of our constitutions. To
give to such favored class control over the
other citizens is to enslave the citizen. And
no more absolute control can be given to any
class than to submit to their government and
management, without the full responsibility and
.security ofpersonal liability and equal privilege
to all, that which represents the labor, aciivo
and accumulated, of all the citizens of the coun-
try. Every age and country bears witness m
the condition of the two classes—power and
wealth in the one, dependency and poverty in
the other—against this particular monopoly.
It is the highest duty of the legislator to see
