2236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 6,
that legislation shall protect the defenseless,
and to take care that whatever is authorized
to be done shall work'no prejudice to any.
• Before applyiug these general remarks to
the fifth proposition, let me invoke your atten-
tion to this idea, that in our larger centers of
trade where banks are located a part of the
currency made use of and entering into trade
are checks of individuals made upon their de-
posits in said banks, so much so that I shall
not be far Wrong when I say that the deposits
in bank are, if not actual currency, so inti-
mately (Sonnected with it as to be considered
as one would the Siamese twins; at least un-
bealthin'ess in the one produces unhealthiness
in the other. Without argument now to prove
this, I shall take it for granted, and ask you,
before going further, to inquire into the amount
of the individual-deposit account of the people
of the United States with the banking institu-
tions, and then to ask you what security they
llave, and solicit you to contemplate the whole-
sale x'uin which would follow the failure of the
banks to meet these deposits, &c.
The amount of individual deposits in the national
banks on 10th December, 1871, as per letter of
Comptroller of Currency, of date January 31. 1872,
was  $598,092,913 18
Deposits in savings banks:
New England States, per Bank-
er's Magazine ot January,
1871   S218.37S.685
Hew York, per Banker's
Magazine of May, 1871.. 230,749,408
New Jersey, per Banker's
Magazine of October,
1870  16,719,898
California, per Banker's
Magazine of October,
1870  33,881,357
Maryland, (partial,) per
Banker's Magazine of
October, 1870  11,665,183
The remainder of the
States, estimated at
thirty-three per cent.
of above, gives  170,16-4,375
  081,859,375 00
Total $1,277,952,288 18
The insecurity of this vast sum of money, if
so felt, or wh'eu so felt, is certain in that event
to inflict our country with incalculable injury.
It is the accumulated labor of the country ; it
is part of your life blood ; it is in the hands
<3f the few without, adequate security or pro-
tection. It is held and used in part, as evi-
denced in the recent exposi of some of the
savings' banks in New York, for the wildest, the
most speculative purposes. It would appear,
sir, from this expose, to which I refer as re-
cently made in New York, at least I so argue,
that these savings' institutions are the hot-beds
in which stock gambling is nursed. And thus,
instead of contributing to the growth of the
country, or to the security of public and pri-
vate credit, they are aiders and abettors in the
corrupting schemes that are fast leading the
country to ruin.
Again, these savings' institutions, frequently
without capital stock, with no security to the
depositor other than that its managers may
be superior to temptation, (how frail a bond!)
advertised by legal charter, are the safes in
■which poor men and poor women, ignorant
of financial matters, taken in by " legal char-
ters," deposit their little earnings. If these
institutions of banking are to continue under
your laws, is it not your duty to provide for
the protection of the poor, ignorant, and de-
fenseless; and not only your duty to them,
but to all classes who will be affected by your
failure to do so? I should deny myself your
authority to interfere with State institutions,
but when you exact security and insure pro-
tection to the depositor in such banks as you
do authorize, the depositor will seek that place,
and if your banking system is a free one to all,
there will be quick conformity to its provisions
by such as are worthy of confidence.
What security wiil you exact? Shall it be
to the extent of the capital you may require,
to be deposited in bonds of the Government,
or a deposit of bonds equal to fifty per cent.
of the average deposits beyond and inclusive
of the capital; -such bonds to be held (as now
required of the national bauks to secure cir-
culation) for the benefit of the depositor ex
ciusively, and beyond any other security he
may have or reach ? I confess the question as
to the security to be exacted is full of embar-
rassment. I know- the disease exists, that its
symptoms are alarming and betoken danger,
and my suggestion of the remedy is made with
a full knowledge of the difficulties^ that sur-
round the administration of it, or indeed of
any. I trust, the committee to whom these
resolutions are referred will properly consider
this difficult problem, and suggest, if the one
indicated is not proper, some more efficacious
one. j
Having already, Mr. Speaker, occupied too
much' time in the discussion of these proposi-
tions, I beg pardon of the House, and con-
clude with the declaration that, in my opinion,
there can be no reform of the extravagance in
your Government, no correction of abuses,
no relief from the burdens now resting upon
the labor of the country, no revival of your
great producing interests, no content among
the toiling classes, until you have first made
healthy your currency.
Mr. HILL addressed the House on the sub-
ject of protection to American industry. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. PLAIT next addressed the House in
remarks which will be found in the Appendix.
lkavk to print.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. I ask leave
to have printed in the Globe some remarks 1
have prepared on a bill I have introduced in
relation to restricting the killing of the buffalo.
No objection was made; and leave was
accordingly granted. [See Appendix.]
civil service.
Mr. PACKARD. Mr. Speaker, so much
has been said of the ''corruptions" of the
civil service, so many groundless charges have
been made, the people of the country have
been so persistently asked to believe that our
civil service is the worst in the world, and that
there is little but "festering corruption" to
be found in every department of the Govern-
ment, that there is danger of arriving at the
conclusion that he who advocates a change in
the manner of making appointments to office
assents to all these pernicious calumnies. I
do not assent to these charges. I know that
for the most part they are utterly groundless.
To be in favor of a reformation, or rather a
change in the manner of making appointments,
does not imply that we lay our hands now on
a civil service system that is wholly bad, and
by such manipulation as we can give it render
it wholly good. We do not find it in the one
state, and we shall not leave it in the other.
But there are some evils connected with it now,
and it is possible, even probable, that when
some of the changes suggested by the civil
service commission, and in the different bills
before the House have been made, that there
will still be some evils connected with it; but
we hope they will be fewer than now.
The optimist may look for perfection, but
will scarcely attain it unless he employs saints
as his instruments—relying on men and women
he wiil fail, for there is very apt to be some-
thing of evil in the beat men. The pessimist
may believe we have now a shoreless sea of
corruption; but he is mistaken, for there is
something of good in the worst men. In ap-
pointments to office the good and the bad will
be intermingled, no matter what the machin-
ery you employ to separate the tares from the
wheat. The two elements will be found in the
same administration, in the same department,
in the same bureau, and in the same individ-
ual. They are not subject to chemical tests,
and by no other could we hope to eliminate the
bad aud leave only the good. We must take
mankind as we find them, and do the best we can
with the material we must necessarily employ.
Now, I do not believe that all the bad among
men have found their way into official station
in the various departments of the Government.
Take any department you choose, or take the
whole civil service together, from the Pres-
ident to the postmaster whose compensation
is $1,200 per annum, and the good_ largely
predominates over the bad. There is more
honesty than dishonesty, more efficiency than
incapacity, more integrity than the want of it.
The civil service of the country has been un-
dergoing reform ever since it came under the
supervision of the present Administration.
Corruption has been sought for, exposed, and
punished with an unsparing hand. Dishonesty
has been thrust out and honesty installed in
its place ; inefficiency has been made to walk
the plank, to make room for industry and
capacity.
Only a few days ago we had .valuable testi-
mony given on this floor to the efficiency of
one of the Departments; and I take this occa-
sion to say that I was much gratified at the
candor of the distinguished gentleman from
Maryland who had charge of the consular and
diplomatic appropriation bill. His duties in
connection with that bill brought him closely
in contact with the business and operations of
the State Department. His testimony is most
valuable, coming from so distinguished, able,
and honorable a member of the Democratic
party; and I take especial pleasure in enrich-
ing my speech with these words of his :
" It is no more thap proper that I should bear my
testimony while commenting upon this hill, to the
vigilance, the activity, and the business tact of the
distinguished Secretary at the head of that Depart-
ment."
And he added, speaking of the clerks in the
State Department, that—
" They have discharged their duties honestly and
faithfully."
And I venture to say that as much might
be said for each one of the Secretaries and
their several Departments. If I might be
allowed to make a suggestion to my friend
from Ohio, the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, I would advise that some one
of our Democratic friends have charge of the
appropriation bills hereafter, so that they may
be brought into close contact with the busi-
ness and operations of the several Depart-
ments, when the power of truth will constrain
them to bear testimony to the efficiency and
purity with which each one of them is admin-
istered. Sir, the civil service will bear exam-
ination, and wherever the President or his
Secretaries come directly in contact with it,
the more it is examined the higher estimate
we shall form of it, and the more thoroughly
shall we be convinced that indiscriminate
charges of corruption are but groundless cal-
umnies arising from official hopes overthrown
and transformed into rampant malice, or from
the presumed necessities of political and party
success.
The other day, when the bill for the desig-
nation of the clerks to the committees of the
House was being considered, the gentleman
from Now York [Mr. Wood] made a state-
ment which I quote from the Globe. I make
the quotation from his speech because it is a
condensation of the charges that are flung
abroad daily by the Opposition press and Oppo-
sition speakers. It is the aliment with which
the people are sought to be fed. It is the grand
political dust-cloud with which it is hoped the
people may be blinded.
I read as folio ws :
" I do not believe that the people of this country
will be satisfied and contented that the Congress of
the United States shall thus trifle with so grave and
important a question as is now agitating the public
mind. I believe that che public attention is directed
throughout the length mid breadth of this land to
this great question of official corruption. I do not
believe that when our whole executive department,
the whole range of the public service, so teems with
corruption, with profligacy, waste, and extravagance,
which has attracted the public attention, and is> now
agitating the public mind all over the land, the peo-
ple ot the country will be content with simply hav -
mg ud legislate upon a subjeot so trifling and of such
