402S
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
cultural products since thewarnearly $4,000,-
000,000, more than double the value of prop-
erty in 1865. And the people have saved so
much of these gains, that they had in 1870
$2,700,000,000 against $1,600,000,000 at the
end of the war, having increased their prop-
erty since the war over $1,100,000,000. And
they had in 1870, $6,000,000 more than they
had in 1860, excluding slaves. That is the
financial result of reconstruction.
If economical considerations moved the
hearts of southern men they would be infinitely
guitetul to the Government and people, and
equally grateful for reconstruction, which has
p'.-ieed them on the highway of prosperity.
But they care not for money; it is a false pre-
tense. They think more of their lost slaves
than they do of their recovered estates. They
think more of their humbled pride than they
do of their restored liberties.
They have not yet ceased reckless destruc-
tion of their own property. The Ku Klux con-
spiracy is fatal to property and des ructive to
values. It disturbs business, disorganizes
labor, paralyzes industry and commerce. The
documents show in single years that the value of
property in those States where the conspiracy
has been acting has declined by the million.
On page 201 of the report of the committee
will be seen the effect in Louisiana of the vio-
lence of 1868. Property declined' in thatyear
$14,000,000, and in the city of New Orleans
over $8,000,000. In Georgia, as will appear
on page 148 of the report, property declined
over $28,000,000 from 1867 to 1868.
The Ku Klux conspiracy has cost the South
more money than all the carpet-baggers of all
the States, (including the Louisiana leader of
the new movement,) have been able to misap-
propriate. They have, driven away the people.
Hereisacopy of I'he Freedmen'sRepository,
giviug an account of the emigration from this
country to Liberia, showing that last fall a ship
took out of the country from Virginia one pas-
senger; from Florida, five ; from North Caro-
lina, five ; from another place in Georgia, sixty-
six ; and from Clay Hill, York county, South
Carolina, one hundred and aixty-six. And at
the head of this South Carolina party, was Rev.
Eiias Hill, a description of whom is given here,
a Baptist preacher, a cripple, whom the Ku
Klux scourged because he preached ihegospel
and taught schools, and helonged to the Re-
publican party. He was driven with a colony
of one hundred and sixty-six out of South
Carolina, out ot the Uuited States of America,
even to Liberia.
Here were two hundred and thirty eight in-
dustrious people driven at once from the United
States to Africa.
Before the war these colored people—men,
women, and children—were valued by their
owners at $500 apiece. Now they are driven
out of the country by outrage, scourging, and
murders: and we are told ihat the United
States Government must not interfere to pro-
tect them. Imagine Eiias Hill in the wilds
of Africa, telling the bushmen how this great
Republic protects its citizens.
But, Mr. Speaker, what, is the present con-
dition of this organism ion? In the documents
accompanying the President's special message
is a letter from District Attorney Corbin, of
South Carolina. On page 19 he says :
" Ordeis were given last summer to theKlans by
the chiefs and higher officers to desist from further
attacks upon the colored people for the present.
Tuis order was given under the apprehension that
the Government of the United States was about to
declare war upon them. At the time the order was
circulated among the Klans it w.is distinctly under-
stood and fully discussed that they must desist tor
the present from further outrages upon the colored
people, but when the storm blew over, and before
the next election, they were to be allowed to resume
operations. Such is my information, and it is de-
rived from so many sources that I have no doubt of
its credibility."
This is well understood; the present peace
is but a truce, an armed truce.
Those who imagine that because the con-
spirators are still now. they will remain so, do
not, understand it. In South Carolina'the mem-
bers of this organization raided in 1868, out-
raged, murdered people by wholesale, and
changed votes by scores of thousands. From
that time until 1870 they were quiet, and then
they raided again until more than three thou-
sand outrages were committed in one third of
the State iu less than six; months. The con-
spiracy is so organized that it may remain
quiescent for a year or for two years ready to
be called into the field by the blast of the bugle
of Forrest, or by the click of the telegraph.
Within one week this organization could throw
into action a quarter of   million men, armed
for conflict wiih the revolver and the bowie-
knife and the knout; with bayonets captured
from State troops, and revolving rifles pur-
chased from New York city.
Shall we trust them ? Are we blind—blind
to the red rivers of blood they have shed ;
deaf to the cries of their thousands of vic-
tims? Are we so mad as to forget our own
interests and our own safety ? These conspira-
tors have it in their power, if they dare—and
they are men who have dared death at the can-
non's mouth and may venture it again—they
have it in their power to sweep the whole
South at the next presidential election ; and
if that election depends on the South, they
may seat their candidate, in the presidential
cha:r.
Mr. BIRD. Will the gentleman tell us who
their candidate is?
Mr. STEVENSON. They have not yet
nominated theirown candidate. I suppose at
present their inclination is to vote with the
gentleman who questions me. But let me
answer the gentleman perhaps more to his
satisfaction. Their candidate will be the man
they vote for, and their President will be the
man they elect; and the man they elect will
obey them. He will not dare to disobey them,
for he would do so at the peril of his life.
Whoever shall be the Democratic candidate
will be the candidate of the Ku Klux con-
spiracy ; and if the Democrats elect the next
Piesident it will he by Ku Klux votes and
violence ; and the man elected will be the Ku
Klux President.
1 yield to the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr.
Poland.] I understand that he will yie.d a
few minutes to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Cobukn,] who desires to obtain leave to
print.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Fink-
et^'bukg ) There are twelve minutes of the
gentleman's hour left.
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Speaker, I had no
expectation of speaking 
Mr. BECK. As the gentleman from Ver-
mont objected yesterday to the printing of
anything not spoken on this floor relative to
this Ku Klux business, I object to any such
privilege on the part of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Stevexsox] or any other gentle-
man unless the debate is opened on both sides.
Mr. POLAND. What I was about to say
is that 1 had no expectation until this after-
noon of speaking at all on this or any other
subject, and of course have no prepared
speech. If 1 am not allowed to have leave to
print, I am not now iu a condition to speak
five or ten minutes, and therefore, unless I
can have an extension of time so I may have
half an hour to speak, I am not wilting to
speak at all.
Mr. BIRD. Mr. Speaker. I hope that favor
will be granted to the gentleman from Ver-
mont.
Mr. POLAND. If I can have a half hour
to speak I will do so ; otherwise I will not
speak at all.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope there will be
no objection to the gentleman from Vermont
going on for that length of time.
Mr. BECK. I do not object to the gentle-
man speaking an hour or two hours, but I do
object, when for two days at the heel of a
session efforts have been made to call the
previous question on a bill like this reported
four months ago, so that we cannor open our
mouths—I say I do object to speeches being
printed on leave with statements going out to
the public as though uncontradicted, when iu
reality no such speeches ever were made.
Mr. STEVENSON. They have b'.-en made
on the other side of the House.
Mr. BECK. I never had any political speech
printed in the five years I have been here that
was not every word delivered on this floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Fixk-
elnburg in the chair.) Is there objection to
the gentleman from Vermont haviug thirty
minutes ?
Mr. BECK. I have none, and I do not
object to his having sixty minutes.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there any
objection ?
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. POLAND addressed the House. [His
remaiks will be published in the Appendix.]
At the conclusion of his remarks he said: I
believe I still have as much time left as the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stevkkson] did
not use and yielded to me. The half hour 1
have occupied was accorded to me in my own
right, I believe.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
understood that half an hour was all the time
allotted to the gentleman.
Mr MAYNARD obtained the floor, and
yielded ten minutes to Mr. Scofield.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to make an inquiry
of the Chair, whether the whole session of this
evening has been apportioned out in advance
to one side of the House to pursue one line
of discussion, denying to any other gentlemen
an opportunity to reply to any false staiements
of facts which may be made here?
Mr. POLAND. There are not any made.
Mr. WOOD. I understand that the floor
has been farmed out in advance until eleven
or twelve o'clock to-night to members of the
Republican side of the House. I desire to
know whether that be so or not? Iunderstand
it has been assigned first to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Stevexson;] then to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Scofield;]
then to the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Mayivard ;] then to the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Coburn.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I decline to jieldfurther
to the gentleman.
Ihe SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Tennessee declines to yield further.
The Chair does not see iu the remarks of the
gentleman fiom New York [Mr. Wood] any
parliamentary inquiry.
Mr. WOOD. Will not the Chair answer?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
declines to answer.
Mr. WOOD. If the Chair declines to an-
swer, that is equivalent to an affirmative
answer.
Mr. BECK. The gentlemen who are speak-
ing to-night are all my colleagues on the Ku
Klux Committee. The debate has been opened
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson-,]
who has been followed by the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] who is now to be fol-
lowed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofield] and the gentleman from 'Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Mayxard, ] The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Coburn] I understand is n xt
to speak, and afterward the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] I want to know
whether it is understood that that side is to
discuss 
Mr. SCOFIELD. I cannot yield further.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Beck], is out of
order. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scofield] declines to yield.
Mr. BECK. I wish merely to ask whether
