444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
of correction. Either I was very unfortunate
in the choice of my words when I was upon
the floor before, or the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has sadly misunder-
stood me. 1 did not say, nor intend to convey
the idea, that I had arrived at a solution of
the tariff problem by any means. I am but
a patient laborer upon the subject, the diffi-
culties and responsibilities of which I recog-
nize as well as the gentleman from Massachu-
setts. Nor am I, as the gentleman has repre-
sented ine, or perhaps as his remarks might be
understood, in favor of striking all duties off
machinery and the other articles mentioned.
But I am opposed to making certain kinds of
machinery free, in an exceptional way, before
we, in the committee or in this House, have
arrived at a proper point where we may reduce
all duties on machinery, if it can be done with
due reference to the revenues of the country
and to the credit and industry of the country.
Mr. MAYNARD. I had not expected,
when I introduced this small bill, to open up
a general discussion on the tariff question. It
being a measure which commanded the support
of my friend from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] as
well as of my friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kblley,] I thought it would pass unchal-
lenged through the House from any quarter.
The bill in its effect is simply this: it is pro-
posed by certain parties to inaugurate two
new industries in the country, the manufac-
ture of plate glass and the mining of sulphur,
two articles which the commerce of the coun-
try depends chiefly and largely for upon foreign
supply. Parties who are engaged in these
experiments will invest large sums of money
on their own account, which, for reimburse-
ment, will depend upon the success of these
experiments. If the experiments shall prove
successful, then, as I have said, the country
will gain largely; if unsuccessful, the parties
engaged in the experiment will have lost very
heavily, without having incurred the duties
upon the machinery contemplated in the bill,
a kind of machinery which is not now pro-
duced in this country, and duiing the time
specified in this bill will not and cannot be
produced in this country. Therefore the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, without regard to
the question of protection or free trade, thought
it was a matter of wise public policy that these
Sarties should be assisted, so far as we might
o so, by not exac;ing taxes from them in
making these important experiments. Upon
that statement I call the previous question.
Mr. SHELDON. I desire to suggest a
verbal amendment.
Mr. MAYNARD. I will hear it.
Mr. SHELDON. In drawing this bill I did
not name the company quite accurately. It is
the Calcasieu Sulphur and Mining Company.
The word ''and" should be inserted between
the words "Sulphur" and "Mining."
The SPEAKER. That is a verbal amend-
ment, which will be made if there be no objec-
tion.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly rtjad the third
time, and passed.
Mrv MAYNAIID moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
reimbursement to kansas.
Mr. BLAIR, ofMichigan,byunanimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee of Claims
a bill (H. R. No. 1063) to reimburse the State
of Kansas for moneys expended for the United
States in enrolling, equipping, and provision-
ing militia foices to aid in suppressing the
rebellion; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. FAIINSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was recommitted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
committee messenger.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Speer] kindly consents to withdraw his
objection to the resolution which I offered a
few moments ago. I ask that it be again read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be authorized to employ a messenger,until otherwise
ordered, at the samecompensation as the messenger
to the Committee on Appropriations.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
william e. pickens.
The SPEAKER. As the Committee on In-
valid Pensions will be called to-morrow, and
probably not for some time afterward, the
Chair, regarding this as a sufficient exigency
to justify the immediate introduction of a pen-
sion bill, without waiting till next Monday,
recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] for that purpose.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1064) to amend
an act granting a pension to William E. Pick-
ens; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
decorum in debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to call
attention to a violation of decorum which he
observes is growing to a considerable extent.
It is a rule of the House that no member in
speaking is to mention another member by
name, but is to describe him by his seat in
the House, or as " the gentleman who spoke
last," or •' the gentleman on the other side of
the question," or " the chairman of the com-
mittee," or by naming his State. The pro-
nunciation of members' names in debate, the
Chair regrets to see, is becoming more com-
mon on the floor than is in accordance with
parliamentary dignity. It very rarely becomes
necessary, either from the chair or from the
floor, to pronounce the name of a member,
though sometimes it cannot be avoided, as in
indicating tellers, and some other cases. The
Chair begs to call the attention of members
to the rule.
president's message.
Mr. DAWES. As I do not know of any'
business demanding immediate attention, I
move that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the President's
message, so as to allow the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Snapp] an opportunity to address
the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Blair, of Michigan, in the
chair,) and proceeded to the consideration of
the annual message of the President of the
United States.
civil service reform.
Mr. SNAPP. I ask the Clerk to read the
resolution which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas on December 18,1871, a commission com-
posed of seven men addressed a document ealled a
"report" to the President of the United States, rec-
ommending in said document that the President of
the United States adopt a set of rules, numbering
thirteen, framed by these seven men ealled a " com-
mission and whereas in said rules there is a recom-
mendation that an "advisory board" be appointed
by the President, and in addition thereto that " the
President designate three persons in each Depart-
ment of the public service to serve as a board of
examiners" to permit men to enter the public ser-
vice : Therefore,
Be it resolved, That it is not expedient that such
recommendations be adopted, and that such recom-
mendations do not meet the approval of this House;
nor do we believe that such rules meet or will meet
the approval of the people of these United States.
Mr. SNAPP. Mr. Chairman, it seems that
during the past year a body of men numbering
seven have been sitting in conclave in the city
of Washington for the ostensible and avowed
purpose of contriving, 1 will say of inventing,
some scheme whereby the people of these
United States may be cheated out of a great
and important privilege, to wit, of having and
exercising a voice in determining who shall fill
the subordinate offices of the country.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I propose to show and
give my opinion that such a scheme is anti-
republican and inimical to our form of free
government.
In the first place, at the very starting-point,
we must not lose sight of the one grand and
established fact, the truth that the founda-
tions of our Government are that the people
govern, that the people rule. This Govern-
ment is not a monarchy nor a one-man power,
but a Government of the people. The people
make the laws. The people make the law-
makers. The people make and unmake Pres-
idents. In fact, the people are the source of
all power, the fountain-head, the very begin-
ning and end of our form of government.
This being a fact established, a fact which
cannot successfully be gainsaid or contro-
verted, I take it that whatever or whoever
undertakes to thwart that principle by in any "
manner robbing the people of these United
States of their right to use their voice in what-
ever concerns them (the people) must be in
violation of the great fundamental spirit of the
Constitution, and of course is not right, and
will not be endured; and sooner or later will
be resisted.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I shall proceed to show
that I believe that this commission, composed
of twenty-eight men, drawing salaries in the
aggregate, yearly, from eighty-four thousand
to one hundred and forly thousand dollars, is
despotic in a high and flagrant degree, and not
in accordance with the wishes of the people,
always remembering and never forgetting that
the basis of our Government is that the people
rule. Thereis one glorious fact which it will be
well for us, their Representatives, to remem-
ber, that Heaven, an all-wise Providence, haii
implanted in the breasts of the people a jealous
watchfulness of their rights and of their priv-
ileges. And it will be well for rulers to be re-
minded that though they may, like the foolish
ostrich, bury their heads in the sand, yet their
bodies will remain exposed to the scrutiny of
a jealous, and it may be a wrathful people.
Why, this people that we are talking about
made this Government. In the very first line
of that charter of our Government they begin
by declaring, intones louder and further-reach-
ing than the loudest thunder, that—
"We the people of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for the common de-
fense, promote the general welfare, and secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do
ordain and establish this Constitution for the United
States of America."
Now, sir, one valued and inestimable privi-
lege which this great people claim, and have
always claimed, and have never relinquished,
and moreover it will be well for their servants
to remember they never will surrender, is the
right to say who shall fill the offices in these
United States. And yet, in the face of this
truth, this ''Star Chamber" called a commis-
sion propose that somebody else than the
people shall fill these offices. And not only
do they make such proposition, but they further
insult this same people by proposing to make
the tenure of these offices perpetual.
Why, even the President of these United
States—the man occupying that exalted posi-
tion, that commanding position, not only of
President, but the great General-in-Chief—has,
at the end of four years, to come down from
that exalted place and surrender at the feet of
this same people his office, and then retreat
into private life and become one of this same
people. And yet, I say, in the face of this fact
this "Star Chamber," this "commission,"
gravely propose to gag the people by recom-
mending that these office's, in the first place.
