1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1341
other enterprises. The expressmen have ob-
tained from the signal office these reports every
day to govern them in the management of their
business during the winter season. And the
utility of the system is being spread into all
kinds of enterprises, as it comes to be fully
understood and as confidence in it increases;
and as the application of it to various pursuits
is seen by intelligent men, it is growing and
spreading.
This nation possesses advantages in main-
taining a system of this kind which are pos-
sessed by no other nation; because, with a
long reach of territory extending to the West,
from which the storms come, we are enabled
by means of these signals to tell in the East
the approach of storms for twenty-four or
thirty-six hours before they reach the lakes
and pass on from the lakes to the sea-board.
In Europe it is different; because there the
storms come from over the ocean, and although
the people there are trying to obtain the ben-
efit of a signal service, the geography of the
two continents is so different that they do not
have the same advantages in this respect which
we possess, and the signal service in Europe,
although it was adopted and studied there for
years before it was taken up here, is acknowl-
edged now by Europeans themselves to be far
behind the service in this country, which is in
its very infancy not more than three years old.
Mr. UPSON. I desire to bear testimony to
the great national importance of this work as
far as the commerce of the lakes, and especi-
ally that of Lake Brie, is concerned. I know
that, in consequence of the information fur-
nished by the signal office last summer and
fall in reference to storms on Lake Brie,
many vessels were induced to stay in port when
storms were approaching; and I have no doubt
whatever that many thousand dollars and
many lives have been saved by the predictions
made by the signal offiae. 1 hope no one in
the House will fail to vote to give all the money
that may be needed to carry on this system,
and to give the signal office additional facili-
ties for doing its work.
I yield what remains of my time to the gen-
tleman from California, [Mr. Sargent*. ]
Mr. SARGENT. 1 wish to say, Mr. Chair-
man, that, in the beginning of this winter, I
observed a remarkable evidence of the accu-
racy and value of the observations and reports
of Ahis signal service. At that time I was in
the State of California. One day, as I was
traveling on the railway between Sacramento
and my own home, some seventy-five miles dis-
tant, on passing one of the stations it was re-
ported, in the cars, that the signal office at Wash-
ington had sent word that a great storm was to
visit our State, a great storm of wind and rain.
For months before, indeed since the previous
spring, we had had no rain of any amount
whatever. It was a clear, bright, sunshiny
day, and the remark went from passenger to
passenger that it was impossible, that the pre-
diction must be a hoax, and that at any rate
it would not be realized. That night I went
by stage from the railroad station to my
own home. It was a bright moonlight night.
It was a matter of conversation among us
outside passengers on the stage about this'
strange prediction of the weather office, and
every one believed that it would be impossi-
ble that it should then be fulfilled. But before
daylight next morning that storm burst upon
us, and then happened the incident related by
my colleague, where, warned by the predic-
tion of the War Department, the cattle were
driven from the lowlands, which in eighthours
were under water, and word was telegraphed
to the different offices along the line of the
railroad, and all exposed property was placed
under shelter, and I have no doubt that the
saving in money to my State amounted to hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars; and I say that
■where science has discovered appliances like
this, and word can be sent to citizens all over
the country at a comparatively trifling cost on
the approach of storms by the signal service,
Congress would be untrue to the civilization
of the age if it did not use some of the money
which the people confide to them for such
purposes. It is impossible to carry out an object
like this by private enterprise; it is impossi-
ble for the States to do it; if it is to be done
at all it must be done by the General Govern-
ment. I believe myself that we ought to make
this appropriation, and that it is one of the
most useful we can make, and is in the right
direction. I withdraw the amendment.
Mr. COX. I renew the amendment which
has just been withdrawn, and I do it for the
purpose of adding something to the repertoire
of facts which the gentleman from Illinois
calls for, and I shall simply speak of facts
within my own knowledge.
In December, 1860, I was a passenger on
board a Bremen steamer going to Southamp-
ton ; we encountered a great tempest, and were
driven into the Irish sea instead of the English
sound. It was a tempest unexampled on the
English and especially upon the Cornish coast;
but by the signal-service system of Great Brit-
ain^ whereby they can telegraph all around
the island at every meteorological observation
made by scientific men, the people upon the
sea-coast were enabled to prognosticate this
storm; a tempest which afterward turned out
to be of such unexampled severity that it blew
down even towns upon the sea-coast, but by
means of the telegraph, and these scientific
examinations made by the officers upon the
coast, all the vessels in the channel were
warned by signals when out at sea, and all
vessels in harbor were detained, and all life-
boats were prepared for the great storm; and
when I got to Southampton, after the terri-
ble voyage, on reading the morning papers,
I found the English papers had summed up a
large amount, amounting to millions, that had
been saved to England by the signal service,
not merely a saving of property, not merely a
saving of ships, but of human life, by reason
of the premonitions coming from a scientific
signal service.
Now, I do not know how the matter would
operate in a country like ours, with so large a
sea-coast; but knowing what the telegraph is
doing and what it has done already, I do believe
that the same great benefit which has accrued
to England can be given to us if this service is
properly sustained. This appropriation seems
a mere bagatelle compared to the benefits that
might accrue from the service.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to oppose
the amendment pro forma, and in order to say
that this is a matter of pride, of national pride,
for what has been done in the signal service.
It is a matter of pride to remember that it was
an American, in 18S5, who first announced to
the world the theory of storms; the doctrine
that storms in the southern hemisphere move in
a circle like the hands of a watch ; that accord-
ing to that law storms in the northern hemi-
sphere move in a circle against the direction of
the hands of your watch. That announcement
has been made good by all subsequent investi-
gations, showing the great law of cyclones, the
law that governs the movements of the wind.
We have followed out that thought of Red-
field, as uttered in 1835, until, at the present
moment, there is no nation under heaven that
has even a place wherein they can test this
great question but what has its signal service.
We alone extend so far east and west that we
can plant our signals at such widely scattered
places as to test fully the law of storms.
I remember a few days since meeting a Cab-
inet officer as I was walking down the avenue,
and speaking to him upon the subject. I had
read in the paper that morning the announce-
ment that a storm was approaching, aud that
signals were out all along the Atlantic coast.
The Cabinet officer told me that when they met
at Cabinet meeting that morning several mem-
bers of the Cabinet remarked, " We have got
Myers this time; he has certainly made a mis-
take; and he has put himself on record that
there is to be a storm to-day on this coast; and
there are signals out in this city.'' Before
they came out from that Cabinet meeting the
sky was covered with clouds; and when the
Cabinet minister was speakiDg to me the rain
was coming down and the storm was roaring
around us.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. When were the sig-
nals ordered to be put out?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As the gentle-
man could see by stepping out here into the
lobby, they are announced for a quarter to
eight in the morning; and by two o'clock that
afternoon the storm was upon us. In large
sections of country, where the farmers are
enabled to obtain daily papera containing tele-
graphic news, they are attending to the busi-
ness of their harvests, cutting down their
grain and hay, in accordance with the indica-
tions of the weather for the next twenty-four
hours, as announced by the signal officer.
Thousands of tons of hay are saved from de-
struction by the knowledge of what weather
may be expected for the next twenty-four
hours.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does the gentleman
expect farmers to get information from Wash-
ington about storms? •
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let a farmer
know that there is a storm coming, and that
the probability is that it will be there in twenty-
four hours, let him read that announcement in
the paper in the morning at his breakfast-
table, and he will not cut down bis hay on
that day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw my
amendment. If this thing goes on we will
soon be cutting down our hay and digging
our potatoes by telegraph. [Laughter.]
The Clerk read the following paragraph :
Tor pay and equipment as mounted riflemen,
finding their own horses and forage, of the volun-
teers serving under command of Captain J ohn 0.
Fremont in California, during the year 1846, $3,000.
Mr. SLOCUM. I move to strike out the
paragraph just read. This is a claim twenty-
six years old. If Captain Fremont equipped
these troops, paid them, and furnished their
horses with forage, aud has rested twenty-six
years without demanding pay for it, he does
not deserve any pay. And he is a very differ-
ent man from what I have always taken him
to be if he has done anything of the kind.
My observation in regard to these old claims,
a quarter of a century old, is that ninety-nine
out of a hundred of them are fraudulent. If
thi3 is an honest claim, it should be referred
to the Committee of Claims for consideration,
where other claims of the same kind go.
There is no sense in putting it into aa appro-
priation bill, where a full examination of it
cannot be had.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point
of order upon the paragraph that it is not
in order upon an appropriation bill, being a
private claim.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is too late
to make the point of order now.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I could not obtain
the floor to make it before.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Stevensos.) The
Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Secretary
of the Treasury has sent us this estimate, and
appended to it this note:
" This amount is now required ia the settlement
of accounts pending in the Second Auditor's ©thee,
the balance to the credit of this appropriation hav-
ing been transferred to the surplus fund on June au,
IS®, and June®, 1863."
A sub-committee of the Committee on Ap-
propriations were appointed to examine into
this and the two preceding accountsin this bill,
and their report was that these were settle-
ments regularly made under the law, but the
appropriation for that purpose had lapsed. It
