1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4029
six members of that committee are to speak
ou one side, while I, the only member pres-
ent representing the other side, am not to be
allowed to open my mouth?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I have heard the gen-
tleman's interrogatory, and will answer it.
Mr. BECK. Very well; answer the ques-
tion I have put.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Mr. Speaker, it is very
seldom I seek the floor; and the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Maynard] has kindly
given me now only ten minutes. If the gen-
tleman 1'rom Kentucky [Mr. Beck] has sought
to he recognized by the Chair, it has escaped
my observation.
Mr. HOAR. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania permit me to remind the House
that the gentleman from Kentucky said he
had no objection to the gentleman from Ver-
mont speaking two hours.
Mr. BECK. I did ; and I have no objection
to the gentleman from Vermont speaking any-
where ; but 1 have objection to the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, or any other man of
his malignity.
Mr. SCO FIELD. I presume when the
gentleman Irom Kentucky [Mr. Beck] or the
gentleman from New Yoik[Mr. Wood] seek
the floor they will have an equal chance with
other gentleman on this side of the House or
oti the other to be recognized by the Chair.
I have observed since 1 have been here and
since they have been here they have occupied
their full share of the time of the House, and
have always received proper recognition from
the Speaker, and as it has been in the past I
presume it will be so now.
Mr. BECK. What I complain of, and what
I wish gentlemen to know, is that the session
this evening has been a fixed up job to make
political speeches and to allow no reply.
Mr. S I'EVENSON. 1 regret to see this is
regarded as a party question.
Mr. BECK. As what?
TheSPEAKER^/'o tempore Gentlemen will
come to order. 1 be gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Soofield] is entitled to the flour.
Mr. BECK. It is a party question and has
been used as such, and all sorts ot slanders
have been publ.shed against- a people who are
not permitted an opportunity to reply.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I am not certain, Mr.
Speaker, the bill we are discussing to-night
will ever coinc before the House, or at least
come before the House at this session for
action, and therefore all that may be said on
the one side or the other so far as the debate
may affect the result will be lost. Now, hav-
ing been on lhe committee to investigate
alleged outrages in the South, I have come to
conclusions which 1 will briefly state.
lhe existence, purpose, and extent of the
Ku Klux organization is no longer a subject
of honest controversy. Official information
comes to us through every channel ol observa-
tion open to the Government. It comes through
the Departments of Justice, internal revenue,
and War; through the Committees ot Elections
in this House and in the Senate*, through
the executive department, and through special
committees of Congress charged particularly
with Us investigation. All departments ot the
Government, where redress ishoped for are op-
pressed with the evidence ol its crimes and
wt-aned with the prayers of its victims. _ All
this is corroborated by a multiplicity ol un-
official but trusty evidence^ Repuits in the
newspapers of facts transpiring in their locali-
ties, traveling correspondents, private letters,
testimony taken in couits ot justice upon the
trial of some of the offenders, and even the
peivetsions of the Associated Press, all tell the
same cruel story. Supposed leaders of the
KUns have been put upon the stand; some
have reiused to testily; some have equivo-
cated, and some have conlessed; but it all
means confession. Neither sileuce nor per-
jury could cover guilt. .
The organization takes differentforms in dif-
ferent localities. In some States it has a writ-
ten constitution; in others its machinery is not
committed to paper. In some States it is con-
cealed by an external form of an ordinary
political club, whose routine proceeding are
kept sacred. But buried up in the machinery
of organization and committees, out of sight
even of large portions of its own member-
ship, lies the authority to pronounce and exe-
cute its terrible edicts. In other States it pre-
sents no outward sign of organized existence
except in its midnight demand for blood. A
prominent Republican, guilty of no crime save
the honest advocacy of his party principles, is
summoned from his sleep by a handful of dis-
guised men, is informed that sentence of death
has been pronounced upon him by an invisible
power, and that they have been sent to exe-
cute the decree. They do their work and dis-
appear in the darkness. In the morning a
ghastly corpse is seen suspended from a tree,
but no one knows nor dare inquiie by whom
the foul deed was done. It does not always
bear the same name. In some States it is
called "the White Brotherhood;" in others
"the Invisible Empire;" ''Knights of the
WhiteCamelia;" "Palefaces;" "YoungMen's
Democratic Club," &c ; but m many parts it
still retains its original ugly name, " the Ku
Klux Klan." Its members know each other
by grips, signs, and pass-words, which are from
time to time changed, so as to lorm the best pro-
tection to themselves and their guilty secrets.
But while its name and machinery are often
changed, its purpose is everywhere and at all
times the same. That purpose is as unmis-
takable as iis existence. It was apparent im-
mediately after the suppression of the rebellion
that, there would be a struggle for political
supremacy between the adherents of the Union
with the ideas and interests represented by
them on the one side, and the former advocates
of disunion with their ideas and interests on
the other. The Union men were in the
minority at first, but when reinforced by the
entr.incl.isement of the colored people and by
a model ate immigration from the loyal States,
they were able upon a fair count to considera-
bly outnumber their opponents in all, or nearly
all, the confederate States This fact became
apparent in divers registrations and elections
contemporaneous with and following recon-
struction in those States. Another faiJt was also
apparent. The majority was not equal to the
minority in wealth, power of combination, and
political management, nor animated by a spirit
so bitter and aggressive. To avail themselves
of these advantages some portion of the late
confederates, not the largest nor the best por-
tion, organized these secret Klaus. The pur-
pose, plainly stated, was to secure for the
minority in numbers the control of the State.
A subordinate object of course was to organ-
ize and bring to the poiis their own voters.
So far well. But another and predominant
object was to divide and disorganize the ma-
jority by driving off, intimidating, or killing
their leaders. The colored people were poor,
timid, and unaccustomed to political manage-
ment. To a considerable extent they were
dependent upon their more intelligent leaders
to make their votes effective. If these leaders
could be cowed or silenced, the ranks of their
followers could be easily biokeu. Upou these
leaders therefor, they made open war, by de-
nunciation, unjusi, criticism, personal insuit,
groundless charges, and social ostracism.
When these failed to result in silence or re-
moval, the masked demons of the Klan were
put upon the track, first with warnings, then
scourging*, then death.
This organization exists now in nearly all the
southern States. It is not active, to be sure,
but the plan, knowledge, and machinery are
there, and can be readily turned to practical
account if needed. Hiiherto it has chosen
its tunes and occasions with wonderful judg-
ment. The lower classes are supposed to he
its actors in its murderous work, but certainly
its plans are devised and directed by cool
heads and a pretty high order of villain states-
manship. Several years ago it spread over
Louisiana. Republicans were murdered by
the hundred; so many hundreds, indeed, that
I dare not name them for fear of encounter-
ing discredit with those who have not exam-
ined the evidence. For the single year of
1868 the minority by means of this organiza-
tion triumphed. Although the Republicans
had twenty-five thousand majority ot the votes
in the State, as shown by registrations and
former elections, the majority given to Sey-
mour and Blair was forty-seven thousand. It
organized m Tennessee as early as 1806, and
in time, by their peculiar tactics, secured a
victory. The powerthus iiligiiimately obtained
has since been retained by the minority, partly
by the terror their violence inspired and
partly by remodeling the constitution and
gerrymandering the districts. Ihey waited
a more opportune season to try the expert
ment in Georgia. But that season came, and
the minority ot' voters are now in power, in
South Carolina and Florida it failed—not to
scourge and murder thousands of the Repub-
lican party, but to completely carry the elec-
tions even with such assistance. In Noith
Carolina, they had temporary success ; but so
far have failed to secure the minority in power
by the attempted changes in the constitution.
How many of the churches, school-houses,
and dwelli ot' the poor and humb'.e have
been burned ; how many banishments, whip-
pings. mutilations, and murders have been
accomplished by these demons of the night,
wilt never be known until the great day in
which the Searcher of alt hearts shall make
inquisition for blood. The committee could
only visit a few localities and inquire about
such cases as had become known in theneigh
borhood. despite ail efforts at concealment.
Within these limits ot' time and space their
report makes a record too long for a speech
and too revolting in many of us deLails lor
recital anywhere. To make some approxima-
tion toward the a'nouut of crime committed
by this organization we must take tne statis-
tics of the few localities where the investigation
was made.
In the county of Jackson, in Florida, there
were some seventy-five murders, and the local
newspaper boasted, while the committee was
engaged in making the investigation, that there
was not a single white Radical lelt ahve tn the
county.
Hev. A. J. Lakin, sent to Alabama by
Bishop Clark, of Ohio, to look alter theintei-
est of the Methodist Episcopal Church, kept
a memorandum ot the outrages that came to
his knowledge in six counties of northern Ala-
bama. They amounted m all to three hun-
dred and seventy-one. Ttiirty-tliree murders
were included in this number.
Colonel Merrill, of the United States Army,
has been stationed in York county, South Car-
olina, from November, 1871. He testified la st
summer to the details of sixty-eight c-ises
occurring in that county that he had caiefully
investigated, and he estimates all the cases
occurring in that county at from three to four
hundred.
In Spartanburg county the cases proved
amount to two hundred and twenty-seven, and
from the general evidence the estimau d cases
are about tive hundred in all.
We have many volumes of similar statistics.
I am asked it these organizations have not
disbanded. I do nut know that. I only
know that their work is suspended; 1 cannot
tell for how long, tt will not be needed till
the elections are approaching. Last spring
we passed a law that made its operations dan-
gerous. Some of its leaders were arrested,
tried, convicted, and sent to the penitentiary.
Since then the Klans have been quiet; but
the effective portion of that law expires with
This session of Congress. When we are gons
the work may again revive, and therefore the
