1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
be taken away from the people, and then add
insult to injury by making them perpetual.
The following is the language which they use
in their recommendation:
"Itsoems to us, therefore, more desirable to afford
this reasonable security of permanence in office."
And here we see thrust in our faces doctrine
like this. Can we, will we as independent
American Representatives, submit to such a
proposition, that the offices in this country
are to be perpetual? Never, never 1 I can-
not believe that the people of this country are
such very slaves yet; nor do I believe that the
people are prepared to consent to let out their
business to twenty-eight men, or a less number.
This commission have the effrontery to boldly
assume that thepeople arenotcapable of choos-
ing their officers. 'Ihe following is the language
which they use:
" It has often been suggested that the postmasters
should be elected. There seems to be two serious
objections to this. The first is, that party divisions
and organizations are so universal in this country
that party spirit, rather than local convenience,
would be very likely to decide such a contest, and
that it would be difficult to tell who might rightfully
vote upon the question."
Now, I will ask who made these few men
rulers, and judges over the people, just as
though the people could not tell who ought or
who might vote in their town, city, or county?
This is a return to the old dogma of tyrants,
that the people are not capable of governing
themselves; therefore they must be governed.
That fallacy was exploded by our fathers in
the war of 1776, and reaffirmed in the war of
the late rebellion. I tell you, Mr. Chairman,
this civil service reform, as it is called, is the
biggest scheme to bind the people of this coun-
try hand and foot since the day when the Par-
liament of Great Britain declared the right to
bind the colonies in all cases whatsoever. The
people then did not endure it, and they are
not such very slaves in this day as to endure
it. I am amazed at the audacity of the propo-
sition to take the control of these offices out
of the hands of a free people. The people
have had the appointment of these offices since
the foundation of this Government through and
by their representatives in Congress.
Now I want to show the dogmatism and
arrogant effrontery of these men composing
this commission. I quote from their report
in the following language :
"In obedience tothissyptem.theivholemachinery
of the Government is pulled to pieces every four
years."
If this is not the language of arrogance,
what is it? Why should not the machiney of
the Government be pulled to pieces every four
years? But this commission think otherwise.
They seem to think, yea, they not only think,
but they have no hesitation in saying, that every
thing in this Government should bo made per-
petual. I have already shown you that this
commission boldly advocate perpetuity of the
offices in this country.
It is a fundamental principle embodied in
our glorious Constitution that the machinery
of this Government may be " pulled" to pieces
every four years, and this principle has been
put in practice all through the history of this
Government every time a new Administration
came into power. After Abraham Lincoln
came into power the whole machinery of this
Government was pulled to pieces. Would we
not have been in a pretty fix if this commis-
sion had had the power in that day to thwart
the voice of the people?
Now, Mr. Chairman, hear again what this
commission dare say. I quote their language:
"The perversion of the service to personal and
party ends, with the countless and perilous abuses
which attend it, seems to many persons inseparable
from a popular republican government."
Therefore, this commission are going to
change ourform of government to a despotism,
are they? " It seems to many." To whom, I
would like to know? Does it seem to the peo-
ple inseparable from a popular republican
government to have the right and privilege of
electing their own officers? Who before has
ever complained or denounced this right of
the people? This commission is the first that
ever dared flaunt such a monstrous proposi-
tion in the face of the people. Have the peo-
ple ever offered to relinquish this boon? If
so, when? When did the people, our masters,
and the master of this commission, make the
base offer to surrender their manhood to these
men composing this commission? If the peo-
ple ever did offer to unman themselves in this
way, they ought to be slaves, having become
fit subjects for slaves.
But the truth is', Mr. Chairman, the people
have been guilty of no such foolish thing.
And not only that, but when this same people
become awake to this despotic proposition,
they will ieject it with scorn, and bury the
proposition with its movers so deep that eveu
the second resurrection will not reach it or
them.
Now, Mr.' Chairman, hear again what this
commission says. I quote their language.
Hear it:
" It is boldly urged that the offices belong to the
successful party."
Now, Mr. Chairman, to whom do the offices
belong if they do not belong to the successful
party? What would be thought if Grant should
dismiss his Cabinet and call Democrats to fill
it? I think that the voice of indignation of
this same people would rise like the voice of
many waters, and Grant's place would be a
little warm for comfort. And this commission
propose to take away the right to the offices
from the successful party, really. If this is not
one way of cheating the people out of a vic-
tory ! What a splendid plan has been hatched
up by this commission to break up this grand,
patriotic Republican party; that great and glo-
rious party that rescued this Government from
the grasp of traitors, whipped the Democratic
rebels, and drove them to "dieinthelastditchl"
And now this party are coolly and infamously
told by this commission that they as a party are
not entitled to the offices of the country. I
ask again, who made these seven men com-
posing this commission rulers and judges over
the people ?
Mr. Chairman, if this doctrine should ob-
tain, if this commission should be allowed, or I
will say if this commission should be suffered
to fill these offices as they recommend, how
long would it take, think you, for this hope
and salvation of our country to dissolve into
thin air?
What a nice scheme this commission has
devised to pave the way for the Democratic
party to ride on into the White House. As
they could not get possession and control of
this Government by force and arms, by pow-
der and ball, they would at last succeed, by
virtue of this commission, to get possession by
strategy.
As a Representative of thepeople, I stand
here to-day in this Chamber to raise my voice
against the outrage upon the people's liber-
ties. I stand to-day on the watch-tower of
liberty to warn the people of their danger—
to cry aloud and spare not. A proposition
not one half as infamous as this, made by the
Parliament of Great Britain, drove our fathers
through a seven years' war—their motto upon
every battle-field being the freedom of the
human race; and through se f-denial and bap-
tized in blood they bequeathed to us, their
children, the gieat charter of liberty begin-
ning with the immortal declaration that—
"We, the people of the United States, &c., do
ordain and establish this Constitution for the United
States of America."
Mr. Chairman, this commission were so well
aware that the people were the source of all
power, that the right belonged to them through
their Representatives to fill these offices of the
country, that they admit it in the following
language, which f quote:
"It is true that the offices belong to thepeople,
-who are the source of the Government itself."
But—and but—and but—what? "Why, we
would just like to see if you, the people, are so
green as to surrender your right, this inestim-
able privilege, to us, this commission."
Now, sir, follows a lecture to this patriotic
people. Hear their language,' as follows—I
quote :
"There is, in our judgement, no justification for
the present practice of appointment to tho civil ser-
vice."
Is not this a nice lecture to the people ?
After admitting that the "offices belong
to the people," "who are the source of this
Government," they audaciously tell this same
people in the same breath that they have no
business to exercise the admitted right to fill
these offices. 0 consistency! truly thou art a
jewel. Why, Mr. Chairman, if this doctrine
were carried to its legitimate results, it wonld
lead to the divine right of kings; and if car-
ried out in practice, would overthrow this
republican government of ours.
Again hear the language made use of by this
commission :
" It is boldly asserted that the offices belong to the
successful party; but it is an evil practice."
Now, Mr. Chairman, pray who do the offices
belong to if they do not belong to the success-
ful party? Does Grant call a set of Democrats
to fill his Cabinet? No, sir; and' why not?
Because the offices do belong to the successful
party. Who is the Secretary of State? Who
is Secretary of the Treasury? Who is Secre-
tary of War ? Who is Secretary of the Navy?
of thelnterior? of the Post Office? And who
is Attorney General? Democrats? No! But
every one, and all, live Republicans. Why are
these men who fill these offices Republicans—
party men? Because the offices belong to the
"successful" party. Who is the President
of these United States? Why, another live
Republican ; and Grant to-day occupies the
presidential chair because tho Republican
party is the " successful" party, and because
the offices belong to the successful party. Who
to-day fills the Speaker's chair in this House?
Another live Republican; and that chair is
filled by a Republican because the offices
belong to the "successful" party. Who fill the
chairmanships of all the committees in this
body? I say again, live Republicans. Even if
the Speaker had been corrupt enough, would
he have dared to appoint Democrats to every
chairmanshipofevery committee in this House?
No, sir ; and why not? Because the blast of
indignation of the people would have swept
over this land with fearful mutterings against
the treachery. Who fill the subordinate offices
in this House, Democrats or Republicans?
They are held by live Republicans, and so
hold, not because this commission have exam-
ined them, and they are learned, but because
these offices belong to the successlul party.
Who fills the chief seat on the Supreme bench
in this great Government? A party man, and
Chief Justice Chase never would have been
permitted to take his seat on that bench had
he not been a party man; and we pause to in-
quire how he got there ? Why, the great, good,
and immortal Abraham Lincoln called and
selected him for that place, because the offices
belong to the successful party; and Chief
J ustice Chase owes his position on the Supreme
bench, among his other qualifications, be-
cause he was a Republican, and because the
offices belong to the successful party.
Mr. Chairman, if the test for office is the
amount of learning a man may have, where
would Abraham Lincoln have stood in 1860,
and again in 186-1—a man who hardly ever saw
the inside of a common-school house, let alone
a college? Why, if this commission had had
full swing in 1854, they would have chosen
McClellan for President, (and what a calamity
would have befallen us,) because he would
have outranked Lincoln in the learning of the
schools.
Mr. Chairman, a short time since the Re-
publican committee met in the city of Wash-
