446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
ington, and issued a call for a convention to
meet in Philadelphia, in June next, for the
purpose of nominating a President and Vice
President of these United States. Accord-
ing to this call there are to be in that conven-
tion six hundred and thirty-four members.
.Now, what a splendid thing it would be to
dispense with this meeting and the expense
attending it and just let this commission
select the President and Vice President, and
dispense with the convention and with the
presidential election. In the language of this
commission, to allow the people to elect their
President "would be an evil practice." I
tell you, sir, I believe. I firmly believe, that
this civil service reform—I will call it a civil
service humbug—is a scheme devised to break
np the Republican party. I believe it is a trap
set by Democrats to catch, capture the Re-
publican party; and for Heaven's sake do not
Jet us put our foot into the trap with our eyes
wide open. I ask Republicans in this Con-
gress if they are ready to indorse the anti-
republiean doctrine put forth by this commis-
sion ?
Mr. Chairman, the Democratic party are
sagacious, and it will not be denied that this
party is anxious to get control of this Govern-
ment, and they are straining every nerve to
that end. They have tens of thousands of
Argus eyes watching the Republican party,
and just let the Republicans in this Congress
indorse this report of this commission, and
they will go before the people with the follow-
ing resolution as a plank in their platform:
" iResolved, That it is a cardinal doctrine of the
Srreat Democratic party that all offices iu this Gov-
ernment ought to be elective."
Mr. Chairman, which proposition do you
imagine would win in the great coming presi-
dential contest, the proposition that the people
elect the officers throughout the country, or
that those offices be filled by a few men called
a commission? Mr. Chairman, who can con-
template for a moment the breaking up of
the Republican party, the loyal party of the
country, without a shudder? Just imagine for
one moment the Democratic party, that party
that plunged the country into such a terrible
war, in the possession and supreme control of
this Government! How long would it be
before we would have another rebellion, if we
could judge of the future by the past?
Mr. Chairman, I am one of those who believe
that the Republican party should govern this
country for the next two hundred years at
least. I can safely say that we have a right
t,o judge of the future by the past; and this
being so, what an awful time we should have
if the Democratic party should get control of
the Government,. 1 would admonish the Repub-
lican party that, •'eternal vigilance is the price
of liberty;" and do not let us sleep and let the
enemy steal away the victory. Every battle-
field all over this broad domain admonishes
the Republican party to take no false step,
ff we listen to such admonition, then victory
will bo perched on our standard in the coming
enmpatgn in November, and Grant andliberty
will be emblazoned on our glorious banner from
Maine to Georgia, and from the Atlantic to the
Pacific, all over the broad land, and the coun-
tiy will be crowned with peace.
[The foregoing speech, during its delivery,
was frequently interrupted by laughter and
applause.]
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
' Mr. POLAND. Mr. Chairman, as intro-
ductory to what I desire to say, I ask the Clerk
to read an article from a paper called the Daily
Patiiot, published in this city.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Post Office Department Abuses. — A very angry
individual was yesterdny heard to affirm that he
verily believed John A. J. Creswell had administered
the affairs of the Post Office Department iu a reason-
ably honest and economical manner.
*'A number of persons who had gathered about
the excited defender of the Creswell-Cborpenning-
Barlow system of mail letting* met that declaration
with derisive laughter, and thequestion was promptly
propounded, why, then, do Creswell, his contractor-
confederates, and certain Congressmen so assidu-
ously labor to barricade every avenue to a thorough
investigation of the real condition of the PostOffice
Department?
"The response of the irate * Creswellian' was,
' Oh, you want to unlock the secrets of the Post Office
Department, and make public their exposition, for
the same purpose that actuates Senators Trumbull,
Schurz, Logan, and others, in their persistentdeter-
mination to drag into light " irregularities " in other
Departments of the Government under Grant's ad-
ministration.' * I ara a Republican,' replied a cer-
tain prominent western gentleman, ' and desire to
ask you if you believe that a thorough examination
of the charges preferred in the Patriot against Cres-
well and the Post Office ring would result in detri-
ment to the reputation of Mr. Creswell and other
officials, or in their exculpation?' The devoted but
unwise apologist of the chief of the Post Office De-
partment admitted that he presumed there had been
4 some irregularities' under Mr. Creswell's adminis-
tration, but 'that every Republican who is a good
party man was bound to oppose any investigation
until after the next presidential election, lest the
disclosures would tend to the defeat of the party.'
" In view of the position thus assumed by Mr.
Creswell's friend and advocate, may'we nor, find the
clue to the following resolution, introduced into the
Mouse of Representatives, on Monday last, by Mr.
Poland, of Vermont:
"'amendment of the rules.
" ' Mr. Poland. I abk unanimous consent to offer
the following resolution for reference to the Com-
mittee on the Rules:
"'Resolved, That every resolution caliingupon the
President or the head of any Department for inform-
ation to be laid before Congress, shall first be re-
ferred to the appropriate committee, and all com-
mittees are authorised to report such resolutions at
any time.'
" When the intent of this resolution is considered
and understood it will be seen to be theingeniously-
devised means of preventing an examination into
the maladministration of each and all of the 'heads
of Departments' until, at least, 4 after the next presi-
dential election, lest the disclosures would tend to
the defeat of the party' of which Mr. Chorpennmg-
Creswcll is an illustrious and worthy leader and
exemplificator. Since the organization ofthe Govern-
ment abolderandmoreeffectivemovefor the burial
out of sight of the delinquencies of departmental
officials has not been concocted.
" In fact, never before was such an extraordinary
proposition offered in Congress. It militates against
the traditions of the House of Representatives. It
would strip it of some of its most important and
useful powers, and commit them to the hands of
committees appointed with the understanding that
the majority of the members of each are friendly to
the head of the Department whose affairs it has
specially in charge.
" For instance, under and by force of the Poland
system of tactics, each and every effort to fathom
the intricate and dark speculative monetary oper-
ations of the Post Office ring of plunderers would,
without exception, be hastily hustled into the hun-
gry and unyielding grave of the Post Office Com-
mittee of the House of Representatives.
" Mr. Poland has enjoyed an enviable fame as an
upright man; and with the fair record he has made
in public life it strikes some minds with unpleasant
suggestions that he should be the author—no, but
that he should father a resolution so admirably
calculated t,o defeat the exposure of great public
wrongs.
"While we impute no intent of mischief to the
distinguished member from Vermont, and entirely
exonerate him therefrom, it does occur to us that,
out of the great good of his heart, he may have
been induced to perform the favor of fathering the
resolution above Quoted.
" Mr. Bradley Barlow is a citizen of Vermont. He
is the cashier of a national bank in that State. He
is known to bo the personal friend of Mr. Poland.
He is at the head of the ring which controls the
great postal routes of the Northwest. Did it ever
occur to Mr. Poland to inquire how this citizen of
Vermont, the cashier of a srnall bank in a small
country town, should monopolize the great stage and
mail routes throughout the northwest section of the
Post Office Department ? Does he know the number
and extent of the mail routes in the Southwest, for
which Mr. Barlow and his confederateswere recently
bidders ? Does he know the sum total of the checks
or drafts drawn or certified by Barlow, and which
were received at the Post Office Department under
the advertisements of August last for routes in the
Southwest? If ho docs, will he 'rise to explain?' "
Mr. POLAND. Mr. Chairman, what I de-
sire to say is partly a personal explanation and
partly an argument in favor of my proposition
which has been assailed, so that it is peihaps
as proper to make these remarks in Committee
of the Whole as in the House. In order to be
exact in what I should say, I have taken, the
trouble to write it.
Mr. Chairman, in the considerable time I
have been in Congress I have never found
occasion to make a personal explanation. If
the writer of the paper which has been read
had only assailed me, I have so littleMear, or
care about my reputation, that I would not have
given myself the trouble of noticing it. But
when an act of mine, which is alleged to be very
mischievous and wicked, is charged upon
others, and they are claimed to he held respon-
sible as the real authors and instigators of
the wrong, truth requires that I should relieve
them from the charge, if it is not true.
The writer of this article (although unknown
to me) is evidently my friend, and desires, if
possible, to divert the injurious consequences
of my wrong act, so that, they shall fall upon
others, and not upon me.
I desire to express my gratitude to my un-
known friend for his favorable estimate of my
character and conduct up to this unfortunate
period of my life, and my only regret in this
behalf is that his good opinion was not better
deserved. My partial friend seeks to excuse
me from all evil intention in this matter upon
the ground that my only fault was in allowing
my easy-going good nature and kind-hearted-
ness to be imposed upon by some man or men
more crafty aud less honest than myself.
I regret for my friend's sake, and for his in-
terest in my good name and fame, to be obliged
to say that "the enviable fame as an upright
man," which he says I have hitherto enjoyed,
cannot be saved upon his theory. Whatever
the consequences may be, I must tell the truth,
and fully acknowledge that 1 was not seduced
or tempted into this wrong act by any crafty
Postmaster General or subtle mail contractor,
but that it was done of my own mind and will,
and I alone ought to bear the disgrace and
punishment. I do not know but the Post-
master General has been guilty of all the ille-
gal and collusive practices that the writer of
this article charges against him. I do not
know but that the Postmaster General feels a
great anxiety to avoid investigation, and pre-
vent all public knowledge of the facts, though
I confess his asking for an investigation by a
committee looks a little the other way. But,
whatever may have been the conduct of the
Postmaster Geneial, or his desire to cover up
or couceal it, he has never had any communi-
cation on the subject in any manner, d.rect or
indirect, with me; neither had he the slight-
est knowledge that I thought of offering my
unfortunate proposition for the consideration
of the Committee on Rules.
For aught I know, it may be true that Mr.
Bradley Barlow and others may have deceived
or colluded with the Postmaster General, and
obtained illegal and fraudulent mail contracts,
and thereby defrauded the Government. They
may be anxious to preventinvestigation, so as
to prevent their frauds being exposed. lean
only say that none of them have held any man-
ner of communication with me on the subject,
or in any way sought my aid or assistance; nor
had any of them anv knowledge or intimation
that 1 intended to offer such a resolution. The
truth is. that the resolution was written at mv
seat in the House but a few minutes before I
offered it. I do not remember that I ever be-
fore had mentioned the matter to any person,
though I had for a-considerable time enter-
tained the opinion that such a rule ought to be
adopted.
After I had written my resolution I showed
it to several leading members who sit near me,
all of whom approved it, and they were the
only persons who knew my purpose. The res-
olution itself is so violently attacked, and its
origin attributed to such wicked and corrupt
motives on the part of somebody, that I desire
to state iu a few words the real motive why I
thought such a rule ought to be adopted. Res-
olutions calling on the Executive or the several
Departments lor information are offtred and
passed almost daily, aud it seems to be thought
a sufficient answer to any objection that they are
only resolutions of inquiry. In nine cases out
of ten they are wholly unnecessary, in many
eases the information sought is already in the
possession of the House, in reports and other
public documents. In many cases, when inform-
