394
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
[May 20,
Senate.
Extension of K% Klux Act—Mr. Ames.
42d Cons....2d Sess.
ana. On this point I wish to refer to a remark
made by my colleague sometime since with
reference to the revenue officers of the State.
He never tires of abusing the carpet-baggers,
as he calls them, of that State, although, as I
have said, the fact that he is here is due to
them.
He led the Senate to believe sometime since
that the revenue officers in that State were
exceedingly corrupt. If I mistake not he
said that not more than one tenth of the
revenue collected in the northern part of the
State of Mississippi, where he came from, had
found its way to the Treasury since the end of
the war. I have nothing to say of the internal
revenue officers under President Johnson; but
those officers under President Grant are, taking
the State at large, as honest and upright a set
ef officers as can be found in any State in the
Union.
Mr. ALCORN. Now I shall hare to ask
the Senator to allow me to interrupt him again.
I spoke of the revenue officers heretofore in
north Mississippi, and I confined my remarks
to north Mississippi.
Mr. AMES. I stated north Mississippi.
Mr. ALCORN. Very well. Now I will
undertake to say this: the Senator denied to-
night that he was responsible for the appoint-
ment of Emerv. He was appointed by the
present Administration. He states to-night
that he had nothing to do with his appointment;
that he did not seekhis appointment. Now, I
undertake to say that up to the time of the
appointment of Major Howe, the present in-
cumbent, who is responsible and I believe an
honest man, from the time of the organization
of the internal revenue tax, including the cot-
ton tax, one tenth of the amount collected has
not gone into the Treasury. I believe the rec-
ord shows every single one of them to have
been a defaulter.
I confined my remarks to the men who had
heretofore been appointed in that locality,
and so stated at the time. I made no impu-
tation upon the officers at present there. I
made no imputation upon the officers in the
southern portion of the State of Mississippi.
My attention had been directed from a cir-
cumstance to the fact that not one single offi-
cer who had been appointed in north Missis-
sippi had failed to prove himself a defaulter;
and more than that, that while the defalcation
of those officers has taken place, and one of
them resides in the district, no prosecution
has been had that has resulted in a conviction
against any of them. One of them who came
there and was appointed an internal revenue
collector, and I believe is a defaulter for some
seventy thousand dollars to-day, is reputed to
be an owner of property in the town of Corinth
amounting to some twenty or thirty thousand
dollars, and yet the Government fails to make
any prosecution against him. I know not
how it is.
Mr. AMES. I shall be very glad to be in-
terrupted by my colleague if he will confine his
remarks to any reasonable time. The collector
in the northern part of Mississippi wboproved
a defaulter was appointed in 1869, shortly after
General Grant became President. He was not
appointed upon roy recommendation. I did
not know him. I had nothing whatever to do
with his appointment. On the other hand, I
recommended some other person, and the man
who proved a defaulter was appointed against
my recommendation.
The remark made by my colleague in speak-
ing of this was to the effect that about a year
ago a man was appointed, or that a man who
was appointed about a year ago defaulted, and
he left the impression on the minds of those
who paid attention to him that the man who
did default was appointed about a year ago,
and now he says that he was appointed upon
my recommendation. Such was not the case.
He made the statement with reference to the
amount of money which this defaulter took
possession of and did not account for. I have
taken the trouble to go to the Department and
ascertain that my colleague was greatly in
error. He did default for a certain sum of
money. My colleague undertook to state the
number of stamps. It was very evident
he had not looked into the subject, but that
had been carried to the Department as an
argument against me that I was here recom-
mending bad men to office! On the contrary,
the man who replaced this defaulter, a carpet-
bagger too, is a perfectly honest and reliable
man, and the Government can well intrust its
funds in his hands; and any remarks that my
colleague may have made intimating that the
internal revenue officers of the State of Missis-
sippi were a dishonest and corrupt set were
not true, and have no foundation in truth. I
refer, of course, entirely to those who have
been appointed by the present President.
Mr. ALCORN. Does the gentleman say that
Emery was honest ?
Mr. AMES. I say the present officers; I
except him.
Mr. ALCORN. I stated the fact that hereto-
fore not one of them had been appointed that
was not a defaulter from the time the Govern-
ment began. I will state another thing for the
benefit of the Senator, that this mar. Emery,
whose clerk the present district attorney was,
was a defaulter to the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and I will allow the Senator to name
the amount, for he says he has examined the
record. I understand it is some forty thousand
dollars. I stated at the time that I spoke from
information. I spoke from information with
regard to the Senator's having recommended
him. I had been assured such was the fact.
He says it was not. I stated at the time that
I took his statement as correct. Now, then, I
state the fact that I have been informed of
another thing. I inquired why it was that Emery
was not indicted as a defaulter by the district
attorney, and how it was that the district
attorney was appointed, a man who had been
the clerk of an internal revenue officer who had
defaulted for some forty or fifty thousand dol-
lars, and I was answered, and let me give the
Senator some of the experience.
Mr. AMES. Will my colleague make his
speech afterward?
Mr. ALCORN. Just one word.
Mr. AMES. I prefer that my colleague
should make his speech after I have con-
cluded.
Mr. ALCORN. Will the gentleman allow
me to finish a sentence?
Mr. AMES. Go on.
Mr. ALCORN. It is this: that Wells, the
district attorney, who was appointed there,
and who is there to-day, I am told, recom-
mended Emery to be foreman of the grand
jury. He saddled a defaulter upon the grand
jury who had to pass upon his own case;
Emery was made foreman of the grand jury,
and as a matter of course no indictment was
found. The man was a defaulter for forty or
fifty thousand dollars.
Mr. AMES. I wish to make another state-
ment with reference to some of the representa-
tions of my colleague. It was only the other
day that we were trying to pass a civil rights
bill. He stands in his place, strikes his breast
with his right hand, and says, "I represent
the State of Mississippi; it does not wantany
civil rights bill." What are the facts? Last
winter the Legislature of the State of Missis-
sippi did pass a civil rights bill. It passed
the house and the senate, but in the hands
of the secretary of the senate it was lost, and
never received the signature of the Governor.
They attempted again to pass a civil rights
bill. In that they failed. The session was
drawing to a close, and one or two who had
voted for it before in the Senate declined to
do so a second time time. That is very good
evidence, it strikes me, that the Republican
party of the State of Mississippi did want a
civil rights bills; and when that Legislature
adjourned, the Republican members thereof,
to the number of between sixty and seventy,
Bent a memorial to Congress, praying the pas-
sage of the civil rights bill. One of the para-
graphs of that memorial is as follows :
" Wherefore, your petitioners, for these and other
reasons, do humbly pray the representatives of the
American people in Congress assembled, to make
haste to pass a law equal in its purposes and in-
tended effect to the bill commonly known as the
Sumner amendment to the general amnesty bill
lately before the Senate, and thus, by a measure
strictly wise as applicable to the people of this
State, undo finally and forever the great injuries
which slavery has fastened upon the country, and
relieve our State of the corrupting and demoralizing
tendencies of caste."
There was a Republican convention on the
first and second days of this month. They
elected delegates to the Philadelphia conven-
tion. In that convention, which was supposed
to represent the Republican party of the State,
a resolution was passed requesting the Repre-
sentatives of the State of Mississippi in Con
gress to vote for Mr. Sumner's civil rights bill ;
and my colleague gets up on this floor and
says that nobody in the State of Mississippi
wants a civil rights bill 1
Mr. ALCORN. The Senator as a matter of
course does not wish to misrepresent me, and
I ask to say a word now.
Mr. AMES. I am willing to give way for a
simple question, but not for a long statement,
such as the usual statements my colleague has
made on this occasion.
Mr._ ALCORN. I will just state this : the
people of Mississippi want the question of
civil rights left in their own hands. The Leg-
islature has passed no resolution instructing
the Senators or requesting the Representatives
to vote for that bill. It was attempted, but
the Republicans did not vote for it. In a Re-
publican senate Republicans voted it down.
But another thing, as to the resolution that
was passed by the Republican convention, ask-
ing the Senators and Representatives to vote
for the civil rights bill. I am told by those
who were there, that it was passed at the heel
of the session, when there were not a dozen
men present hardly, and when there was such
noise and confusion that absolutely men who
were present testify that they never knew any-
thing about the resolution being passed until
they saw it in print. There is a member of
Congress, a Republican, from the State of
Mississippi, who was there at the time, and
who was in the room at the time, and who tes-
tifies that he never knew anything about the
passage of that resolution until after he saw the
thing in print.
Mr. AMES. I am not prepared to believe
the statement of my colleague. One of the
men who signed this memorial was the pre-
siding officer of that convention. Quite a
number of the delegates to Philadelphia were
of the men who signed this memorial. The
control of that convention was in the hands
of these very men. My colleague is correct
in this, that my friends have controlled this
matter. The fact is, my colleague, in riding
these two horses going in opposite directions,
finds himself just now without any particular
supporters in the State. This convention
passed a resolution thanking me for voting for
the civil rights bill. This resolution request-
ing us to vote for the civil rights bill might
have been passed, as my colleague says it
was passed, but if it was so passed it was
passed when that convention was under the
control of these very men.
My colleague says we do not want any civil
rights bill there for any ad vantage, in the way
of schools, or for the protection of the colored
