1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4031
And yet, sir, they complain of these out-
rages. Why, Mr. Speaker, how inconsistent,
how absurd, where they have absolute power.
1 hold, sir, that where that power exists, if
crime exists, the responsibility is upon the
.Republican party, and not upon the southern
people, whom it is sought to make responsible
under that condition ot things. The Republi-
can party have held, for purely partisan pur-
poses, the absolute, sole and exclusive control
of the southern States. And the wonder is not
that there have been outrages there ; the won-
der is that the people have so supinely sub-
mitted to outrages against themselves, their
lives, their dignity, and their self-respect, as
well as their property; that they have sub-
mitted to it in a way to show the American
people that they had no intention or desire or
wish to plunge this country again into the
horrors of civil war. It is the highest compli-
ment to the patriotism of the southern people,
that notwithstanding all these aggravations,
notwithstanding outrages perpetrated upon
them by the Federal authority, grosser and
less excusable than the outrages committed
by these ignorant ruffians upon unoffending
persons among the colored people—1 say, sir,
it is the highest compliment to their patriot-
ism, that they have submitted to all this in the
way they have done.
But, Mr. Speaker, I do not justify this Ivu
Klux Klan. I have not a word for them by
way of protection, of defense, of palliation.
They should be punished. And if they have
not been punished, the fault lies at the door of
the Republican party, and not at the door of
the southern people.
Mr. Speaker, when will this war end ? Will
it have no conclusion? Is this generation to
pass its whole period in this internal suicidal
conflict? Have we not had enough of blood
and of violence and of abuse, of traduction,
and attempt to produce sectional discord?
When again shall the American people recog-
nize the fact that we are all brothers ; that we
are all descendants of the same great revolu-
tionary ancestry; that our fathers of the
.North locked shields with our fathers of tlie
South ; that upon the great fields of the Revo-
lution, the armies of Virginia, of Georgia, and
of the Carolinas were side by side with those
of Massachusetts, New York, New Jersey,
and Pennsylvania; that as one great Ameri-
can people we are united in institutions, united
in religious faith, united in our devoiion to the
welfare and prosperity of our common coun-
try, united in our past history, united in our
future hopes? Or shall we be forever found
thus fighting over and over again the unfor-
tunate and bloody record of our great civil
war ?
Sir, I will say to gentlemen on the other
side of the House that all attempts to revive
and to continue and to perpetuate that bloody
feud by the enactment of resolutions of this
character must prove utterly fallacious. They
do not keep pace with the advancing progress
of the times if they suppose that the Ameri-
can people can again and again be used for
a purely partisan purpose. I believe that the
people of this country are now resolved to
make any sacrifice that is necessary of a
purely political party character. Men are
willing to change the positions that they have
held for a third of a century. For myself, I
have crossed every i and dotted every t of
my own political alphabet in sustaining the
nominations and platforms of the Democratic
party, but I am willing to strike hands with
any man or any party who will unite with me
in going forward to the restoration of entire
peace and harmony in this country, and in
standing upon a platform where our country
will be higher than our party ; where all our
past, whei her of party position or consistency,
or otherwise, may be forgotten, and where we
may stand together in a common cause for a
common patriotic purpose.
When I came up this evening I aid not
intend to submit these remarks-^ but I have
felt compelled to do so on account of what
has fallen from gentlemen to-night. I feel
this subject deeply. I have in my career stood
in these Halls when I was a witness to the
conflicts between a Calhoun, a Clay, and a
Webster, and I have seen my country on the
verge of ruin, years and years before this civil
war occurred in 1861. Sir, I want in my declin-
ing years at least to be associated once more
with an era of unity and harmony. I want to
assist, not in fighting over the past, but in the
development of our great agricultural, com-
mercial, and manufacturing resources for the
great future.
1 desire that we may do something to de-
velop those resources by which we can relieve
the burdens of the people ; that we shall main-
tain our national honor abroad, and preserve
our Government's credit at home; that we
shall assume the right which we are honestly
entitled to, of the foremost of all the nations
of Christendom-, that by our enterprise, that
by our intelligence, that by our intellectual
development, that by our general geograph-
ical and territorial power, that by the charac-
ter of our population, by our domestic and
foreign commerce, by our great material and
yet undeveloped powers, we shall step forward
to the front rank of nations instead of fool-
ishly, weakly, and absurdly frittering away our
great strength iti this petty controversy over
the villainy of a few assassins, who, if all that
is paid be true, are obliged to secrete them-
selves in their holes at night to escape the
ordinaiy vengeance of trial and punishment.
No, sir; let this pass. Let us do some-
thing for our country; let us legislate in a
direction for the advancement of the inter-
ests of this great people, and I pledge my word
that so far as we on this side of the House are
concerned we will go as far as the farthest
will go of the intelligent and patriotic gentle-
men on the other side of the House—and I
recognize many and nearly all of them to be
of that character—in carrying out the great
objects and purposes of the Government.
Let us have reconstruction ; let us have res-
urrection ; let us rise to an elevated stand-
point of statesmanship ; let us have a compre-
hensive, philanthropic, humanitarian disposi-
tion toward all our people, be they in the
West or in the South or in the North or else-
where. Sir, if we will do that, we shall com-
mend ourselves to our constituents; they will
appreciate us from that stand-point; they will
recognize us as discharging our duty to them
and the country, and we shall go home entirely
satisfied with our work and much better satis-
fied in our consciences.
I now yield the balance of my time to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.]
Mr. BECK. I believe I have but half an
hour.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Fink-
elxbukg in the chair.) The gentleman has
twenty-five minutes.
Mr. BECK. Like the gentleman from New
York, when I came here to-night I had not the
most remote idea of saying a word ; in fact, I
was one of those who regretted the night ses-
sion for debate to-night: I resisted it as long
as it was possible to resist it, and I did to-
night what may have appeared to be ungra-
cious, and would have* been at the opening
of this session ; I objected to the printing of
remarks on the Ku Klux bill, following in
that regard the action of the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Polaxd] on yesterday. I regard
this Ku Klux law as of such a character
that whatever is said in relation to it ought
to be said upon the floor of this House, and
ought to be answered by gentlemen who
are advised relative to the facts. 1 did not
think that when the Committee on the
Affairs of the late Insurrectionary States had
reported a bill as early as January last,
which has been permitted to lie without action
until only two days of the session remain j
when the Globe is overcrowded and closed bo
far as mere printed speeches are concerned, I
repeat I did not think that gentlemen ought to
be allowed to print speeches here and send
them out to the country as though they had
been made upon this floor, and had been made
without being answered, when in fact they
were not made at all, and no man ever heard
them. - That is the reason I protested against
it. It is a practice that never ought to have
been allowed. I objected especially when I
saw how the programme had been arranged
for to-night. I found my colleague on the
committee from Ohio [Mr. Stevekson] open-
ing in a speech of one hour. He was followed by
the chairman of the committee, [Mr. Poland.]
He was followed by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania; and following him on the Speaker's
list was the name of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] also a member of the
committee. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynard] followed, and he was to
have been followed by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Coburn,] all members of
the Ku Klux committee, while not a human
being on this side of the House was to
have an opportunity of opening his mouth
in reply to what was said. And all this was to
be done, as I said, within two days of the close
of the session, when the majority has had the
power to bring the bill up any day since Janu-
ary last, having the right to report at any time'
1 did not protest against it; it was an outrage;
and but for the thirty minutes now allowed
me I would continue now to protest in the
name of the people of eleven States who were
sought to be thus maligned and denounced
without a friendly word permitted on their
behalf. I can say but little now, but what I
can I will. It would take hours instead of
minutes to present even an outline of the facts.
Mr. CONGER. I want to say to the gentle-
man that although my name was put upon that
list, by some means the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] and the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] are allowed to come
in before me, notwithstanding what has been
the usual custom of the House in such cases.
Mr. BECK. Thanks to the impartiality of
the Presiding Officer, who upon a great national
question like this, when four members of the
Ku Klux committee have been allowed to hurl
their denunciations against great, sovereign
States, has allowed a feeble voice or two to be
heard here for half an hour each, rather than
to allow still others to be heard against the peo-
ple of the southern States. I maintain that
the Speaker did right, even if it was somewhat
to the inconvenience of the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Conger.]
Sir, we have been resisting these political
bills for the last three days under the gag law
put upon ns. Why were they withheld till
now? Why were we not allowed free discus-
sion ? I have in my place in my feeble way,
for the last two months, whenever the proper
opportunity offered, asserted here that the
course of conduct pursued toward the people
of the South by the Administration under the
proceedings of the Ku Klux bill, was infamous
and outrageous, and that I was prepared to
show it.
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the gentleman
allow me to say 
Mr. BECK. No ; I have not time.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will tell the gentle-
man ; it was because he and others filibus-
Mr'. BECK. Why did the Ku Klux Com-
mittee, with all the power of the House at its
back, hold back until within three days of the
end of the session, and then bring forward
their bills, call the previous question the mo-
ment they were presented, and seek to put a
gag upon tho minority, and then come here
to-night with eight speeches cut and dried to
denounce men as good as themselves—nine
million people—your peers and the peers
of the proudest of you? Such a course is
