11872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3135
•will not concur. I think we are all willing to
■ '.go that far.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the Senate will
-Concur.
Mr. BOREMAN. Let the section be re-
sported as it stands.
• The Chief Clerk. The sixth section of
; "the bill, as it has been amended by the Seii-
'ate, reads:
. That itshall not be lawful for any person whoshall
hereafter be appointed an officer, clerk, or employ^
in any of the Executive Departments, to act ascoun-
sel, attorney, or agent for prosecuting any claims
against the United States which was pending in said
Departments while he was said officer, clerk, or em-
ploye, nor in any manner nor by any means to aid
in the prosecution of any such claim within two
.years next after he shall have ceased to be such
officer, clerk, or employe. Any person violating
the provisions of this section shall be punished by
imprisonment not exceeding one year, or by a fine
not. exceeding $1,000, or both, as the court in its dis-
cretion shall determine.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The section as
it came from the House having been modi-
fied as just reported, the question recurs on
concurring with the Committee of the Whole
in striking the section from the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS and Mr. LOGAN called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly, Mr. President,
it would be a very great relief to the country
if the allowance of dishonest claims were
stopped. There has been a great deal calcu-
lated to shock the confidence of the people in
the manner in which business has been con-
ducted in the executive branches of the Gov-
ernment, and nothing has tended more to
destroy popular confidence than the personal
' influences and indirect methods by which large
sums of money have passed away from the
public Treasury into private hands. I believe
the great difficulty iu all these questions arises
from the want of publicity iu the transactions
to which reference is made. I should bo in
favor of there being a tribunal open as the day
to every citizen who had a just claim against
the Government, and of providing that no
claim should be passed and allowed until it
had been publicly audited. I do not mean to
say that every claim against the Government
should be contested by the Government, be-
cause there are claims so clearly due that mere
delays are dishonest. The disinclination to
pay honest, debts is discreditable, whether it
be in the Government or an individual.
If ] thought this action would reach the
core of the difficulty, and prevent the improper
effect of personal and secret influences upon
departmental ofScers in the allowance of
claims, I should be strongly disposed to give
it the aid of my vote. But I know very well
that the less honest a claim is, the more it
shuns the light of day, and the more the
ingenuity and the darker are the methods by
which its allowance is to be procured.
This section prohibits the open advocacy of
Claims as agents, solicitors, or attorneys by
men who have held office in the Executive
Departments; and it "is supposed that t>y
reason of their late personal affiliations with
those whom they have left in office, from their
knowledge of the wire-pullings that perhaps
may exist in the large and complicated ma-
chinery of our Government, they may have
superior advantages, may have a better knowl-
edge of where the weaknesses of men lie, that
will enable them to approach and to affect
executive officers more efficiently than those
who are strangers to the workings of the De-
partments. It would be a good thing to check
operations in that direction.
But every man of common experience of
mankind must know that it is not open influ-
ence that is to be dreaded; it is not the per-
sonal appearance of agents in the Departments
that is to be dreaded; it is not the letter of
application that is to be feared; on the con-
trary, the more powerful the influence some-
times the more subtle the influence. Gen-
tlemen who stand alool and appear to be as
unconcerned and as disinterested as possible
are often in reality the main spirits that move
the puppets that act at their will.
What is there in this section that is to pre-
vent the officer who has acquired information
that will enable him to act efficiently upon
any other officer of the Executive Depart-
ments from communicating that information
to another person, or from doing so privately
and personally at the residence of the execu-
tive offioer with far more danger, with fat-
more effect, with far more liability to corrup-
tion, than if he did so openly in the Depart-
ment in the face of all the public officers?
For that reason, as I consider that this
would not efficiently prevent the abuse from
which the country has suffered—I mean the
abuse of the attempted allowance of claims
like this Chorpenning claim—as I believe the
influence can be administered at. the residence,
at the place of private resort socially, under
all those guises by which infhience can be
exercised justas potently and far more secretly,
and therefore far more dangerously, I am of
opinion that it is better to allow the agent to
be an open and a public one than to compel
him by round-about ways to be a secret one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferry,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Senatoi's
time has expired.
Mr. LOGAN. Mr. President, I have re
ceived quite a large amount, of information
since this question has been before the Senate-
How is it presented? First, we find that the
civil service is in such a condition lhat it
must absolutely be reformed. It is so dis-
honest that it must be reformed, and the
Senator from Vermont has introduced a bill
for that purpose which, however, has not been
considered before the Senate as yet. We find
a commission announcing to the country rules
by which men must be governed and guided
in order to get into the civil service ; that is to
say, a man must, to comply with these rules,be
a graduate of some collcgiate institution, for,
although the rules do not say that in words,that
would seem to be the necessary effect. After
youapplyyour educational test to men, declar-
ing that those who cannot come up to it are not
fit to serve the Government, but that a cer-
tain other class are, and immediately after
you get your appropriation of money, for the
purpose of carrying those rules into effect,
we find here a proposition that casts suspicion
upon every man who may be appointed under
those rules. You are to establish your civil
service, and then declare that no man who
shall hereafter be appointed to office under
these rules shall practice in the courts or be-
fore the Departments for two years after he
goes out of the service. Why? Because all
such men are suspected of dishonesty ! That
is about the position which the Senate puts
itself in to-day. You first declare a set of
rules, and money is to be appropriated to sus-
tain them, and then declare that every man
appointed under those rules must necessarily
be debarred of the right of going into a De-
partment for the purpose of applying for the
honest dues belonging to some person who
may be his employer.
That is exactly what this section proves to
my mind; nothing more, nothing less. You
do not exclude those who are now in. Why?
The presumption is that they are honest. Is
not that the presumption of this legislation ?
Does it not naturally lead our minds to that
conclusion ? And yet we are asked to legislate
in that direction. This is called reform 1 I
only know that yesterday by the vote of the
Senate in Committee of the Whole this section
Was stricken out by a large vote. It seems as
though the minds of a great many have changed
to-day. I do not know whether it is a reforma-
tion that is going on that has changed their
minds; but it does seem to me that after a
question has been discussed and determined
we ought to look at it in the same phase in
which we did at the time we examined it
deliberately and decided it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on striking out the section as
amended.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to say that I was
satisfied yesterday with the reasons assigned
for striking out the section, and I have heard
nothing to-day that has induced me to change
the conclusion I then formed. It seems to me
that the Senate had better concur with its vote
of yesterday.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am requested by the
Senator from California [Mr. Casserly] to
say that he is paired with the Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton.] The Senator
from California would vote for retaining the
section as modified, and the Senator from New
Jersey would vote to strike it out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must regard myself, as
I said before, as paired on this question with
the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpen-
ter.] He would vote "nay," and I should
vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 10; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Caldwell,
Clayton, Davis of West Virginia, Fenton, Ferry of
Connecticut, Ferry ofMichig.m, Flanagan, .Hamilton
of Texas, lfill, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Logan,
Morton, Norwood, Nye, Osborn, Pool, Saulsbury,
Spencer, Sumner, and Viekers—2o. #.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Cole. Conkling. Corbett, Cragin,
Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Morrill of
Maine. Sherman, Trumbull, and Wright—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brownlow, Buckingham, Car-
penter, Casserly, Caliper, Davis of Kentucky, 13d-
mundr., Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Mary-
land, llarlan, IIowc, Lewis, Morrill of Vermont,,
Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Ramsey, Ransom, lliee,
Robertson, Sawjer. Schurz. Scott, Sprni<ue, Steven-
son, Stewart, Stockton, Ti.iun.iian, Tipton, West,
Wilson, and Windom—33.
So the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole, striking out the sixth section,
was concurred in.
Mr. FENTON. I now offer the amend-
ment which I send to the desk.
The ChiefClerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out lines twenty-five and tv\ only-
six of section four in the following words:
For steamship service between the United States
and Brazil, $150,000.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
For steamship service between the United States
and Brazil, S400,000; and the Postmaster General is
hereby directed to increase the mail service with
Brazil, now in operation under the act appioved
May 28, 1861, so as to provide for deliveries of the
mails at New York and Rio de Janeiro twice each
month, and in the contract therelor he slin.ll require
said semi-monthly service to be peiformed lor the
term of years provided by the original contract, anil
by steamships wholly constructed in the United
States, two ot which shall be of notices than twenty-
five hundred tons burden, and the others of not less
than two thousand tons burden, all ot which -dial!
be offieored by citizens of the United States or those
who have declared their intention to become citi-
zens: and the contractors shall be required to carry
the United States mails without extra, charge, on
all the steamers they may run upon said line, or
any part of it, or any branch or extension thcreoi:
Provided, That all steamships hereafter accepted
for said service shall bo constructed so as to be read-
ily adated to the armed naval service of the United
States in time of war: and before accept nee I ho
officers by whom they niav b£ inspected shall report
to the Secretary of the Navy and the Postmaster
General whether this condition has been complied
with: and the Government shall have the n<?ht, in
case of war, to take any of said steameis lor ,ts own
use and pay insuch ca^e treasonable compensation
therefor: ProyicUd, That the contract herein author-
ized shall commence on the 1st, day of Oefobei, 1873,
and shall be awarded to the lowest responsible bid-
der after sixty days'public notice. And the Post-
master General is hereby autuonzed and directed,
ponding the commencement of the contract lor per-
manent service, to arrange temporarily with the
present contractors for the additional monthly ser-
vice at the late of $,250,000 per annum therefor:
Provided jurther, That the entire cost to the United
States of said service performed twice each month
shall not exceed $-100,000 per annum. And any sum
of money which may be hereafter contributed by
the Government of Brazil toward such additional
service shall be deducted from the amount of com-
pensation authorized for said service.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, I will not
take up the time of the Senate in discussing
this amendment, its object and its scope are
at once understood. The importance of semi-
monthly service between the United States
