1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2239
(he other side of this Chamber to their posi-
tion. Having no patronage, they are returned
here term after term, and acquire experi-
ence, power, and influence. At the opening
of the Forty-Second Congress nearly one half
of those who came into these seats were new
to the position. Their predecessors had to
pass through that terrible ordeal at the be-
ginning of the Administration, and animos-
ities were engendered which were fatal to the
hopes of many who were compelled by an
unfortunate custom to assist in dispensing
the patronage.
There are other evils connected with the
system which I have not time even to name.
They suggest themselves to any who have aught
to do with the appointments, most of which,
in my opinion, would be removed by provid-
ing for a fixed term of office, and so arranged
that the office should not terminate at the be-
ginning of an Administration. For the local
offices scattered all over the country there are
many sound reasons why they should be elect-
ive, as proposed and forcibly argued by the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. McCrary.] This
course would remove the very evils I have
enumerated, and is wholly practicable, which
cannot, I think, be said for the scheme pre-
sented by the civil service commissioners, so
far as it is proposed to apply it beyond places
where large numbers of employes are brought
together.
1 might criticise the plan of the commission,
but I am not disposed to do so now. The
test of trial will develop its faults, and it will
be open to improvement. At best, we can
only theorize about it at, present. Let it have
a fair trial, and it may put us on the road to
reform. 1 do not expect sat'sfaetory results
immediately, but I am not willing, therefore,
to give up the task as hopeless. If the plan
of the civil service commission be brought to
the touch-stone of actual trial, its errors will
be exposed, and the proper remedy can be
applied.
An earnest effort to promote public virtue
will not be lost labor. A good name is bet-
ter than riches for men or nations. We have
had a wondrous growth in extent and power
and material resources; but we should seek
a higher eminence than these can give us.
We should seek to embody the real national
grandeur filly spoken of by Milton:
"A commonwealth ought to be but as one huge
Christian personage, one mighty growth and stature
of an honest man, as big and compact in virtue as
in body."
WAR CLAIMS OP THE BORDER STATES.
Mr. B. F. MEYERS. Mr. Speaker, during
the early part of the present session of Con-
gress a bill was introduced in the House by
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. KitchieJ
providing for " the ascertainment and exam-
ination of claims for compensation for the
use and destruction of private property by the
United States Army duiing the late war for
the preservation of the Union in the States
not proclaimed in insurrection against the
United States," and authorizing the Presi-
dent, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate, to appoint a board of commis-
sioners whose duty it shall be to receive,
examine, and consider the justice and validity
of such claims.
There can be no doubt as to the propriety
of the passage of this bill. It is but the initial
measure of that just legislation which the peo-
- pie of the adhering States, whose property was
destroyed during the war of the rebellion,
have so long but so vainly expected at the
hands of Congress. Though modest in purpose
and limited in scope, its passage would be
regarded as an earnest that the Federal au-
thority recognizes and means to discharge to
the extent of its power its duty of protection
to the citizen, as well by indemnity for injuries
to private property resulting from domestic
violence too powerful to be suppressed by
individual States, as by compensation for such
injuries inflicted directly by the acts of its
own agents. The bill, indeed, is not suffi-
ciently comprehensive. It fails to provide for
the ascertainment of losses sustained by citi-
zens of the adhering States through the seiz-
ure and destruction of property in such States
by the insurrectionarvarmies. In this respect
it should be amended. But it will do for a
beginning. It will serve as a pioneer to clear
the way for measures approaching more nearly
that adequate justice sought and expected by
those who ask its passage.
While it is ti'ne that the citizen owes fealty
to the Government of which he is the subject,
the converse of the proposition is equally true
that the Government owes protection to the
subject. These mutual and reciprocal obliga-
tions of the governor and the governed lie at
the foundation of our polity. The very object
of the formation of the Federal system was at
the same time to draw the people of the States
into a closer union, and to enable 8,nd require
the GeneralGovernmentto defend them against
foreign aggression and internal disorder. The
preamble to the Constitution declares that—
"We, the people of the United States, in order to
form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure
domestic tranquillity, provide for the common de-
fense, promote the general welfare, and secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity,
do ordain and establish this Constitution."
It is plain, therefore, that the Government
created by this Constitution is obliged to main-
tain domestic tranquillity and provide for the
common defense; and it logically follows that
the whole people of all the States are equally
bound to sustain it in the discharge of this
duty. There can be no partiality in the dis-
tribution of this burden. There can be no
inequality as to the responsibility of the States
or ihe people in this behalf. This rule of im-
partiality and equality to he applied to the
States and people by the General Government
in drawing upon their resources for the pres-
ervation of domestic tranquillity and in pro-
viding for the common defense is not confined
to the raising of armies and the levying of
taxes for their support. It lias a broader and
more comprehensive significance. It certainly
embraces losses of private property on the
part of citizens faithful to the Government,
occasioned by the act of the Government, or
by its failure to perform its legitimate func-
tions. Such losses are to be borne as the ex-
pense of raising and supporting armies is
borne, by the whole people, not by the few
who are forced by the fortunes of war tem-
porarily to sustain them.
If the General Government in proceeding to
quell insurrection in order to fulfill the duty of
insuring domestic tranquillity made obligatory
upon it by the organic law, should, through
its civil or military agents, seize the property
of A, (who is a faithful adherent of the Gov-
ernment,) and convert it to its own use or
destroy it, is the burden of A:s loss not to
be shared equally by the remainder of the
people who are alike interested with him in
the supremacy of law and the restoration of
peace? Or, if the General Government fail
to provide for the common defense, so that
the public enemy be permitted to injure or
destroy the property of A, does not the whole
people, of whom the Government is merely
the agent or representative, owe him indem-
nity? If not, then the Constitution is a mean-
ingless instrument, and the equality of rights
and duties supposed to belong to American
citizenship a figment of the patriotic imagin-
ation.
Certainly, no true believer in the just prin-
ciple of equal rights and equal responsibilities
on the part of each and every citizen, which
is the basis of the Republic, will deny that it
is the spirit and intent of the organic law that
the burdens of government shall be borne
alike by the whole y eople, and that its bene-
fits shall be shared alike by all who bear it
true allegiance. But Congress has thus far
failed to make a general application of this
equitable principle in dealing with the claims
of citizens for compensation for private prop-
erty injured or destroyed during the recent
war by the Army of the United States and the
troops of the rebellion. Why this delay to do
justice to those who, notwithstanding their
fidelity to the cause of the General Govern-
ment were either deliberately stripped of their
property by the armies which themselves aided
in raising and supporting, or were obliged to
submit to pillage by the public enemy on
account of that Government failing to make
proper provision for the common defense ? Is
ltnot high time that these wrongs, so patiently
and patriotically borne, be redressed? It is
the trick of the demagogue to make ostenta-
tious profession of maintaining what he is
pleased to term "the nation's honor." It is
the fashion among statesmen to insist, with
the unction of a scrupulous honesty, upon the
payment of the public debt to the very last
cent. The value of private property consumed
in the flames of civil war, which belonged to
citizens faithful in their allegiance, is under
the equities of the Constitution, if not by the
express letter of the law, as much a part of
the public debt as if it were a bond of the
United States held by the richest broker in
Wall street; and the national honor suffers
quite as much, in the sight of every just man,
from the deliberate and wanton disregard of
this fact by the General Government, as it
would from the repudiation of the solemnly
executed bargains of Secretary Boutwell's
syndicate. But there seems to be nothing in
this to challenge the attention of either dema-
gogue or statesman.
Jt may be argued by some that while it can-
not be disputed that the General Government
is bound to make good to citizens of the
adhering States such losses of property in-
curred by them during the late war as were
caused by its direct act, it is not responsible
in any case for damages inflicted by the public
enemy.. Section four of article four of the
Constitution furnishes a complete answer to
this argument:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in the Union a republican foim of government, and
shall protect each ot them against invasion, and on
application of the Legislature, or of the Executive,
(when the Legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violence."
The language of the organic law is manda-
tory. It declares that the General Government
shall protect each State against invasion ; and
by this is meant, not merely the prevention of
incursions of the public enemy upon the terri-
tory of the States, but the safe-keeping of the
lives, liberty, and property of its citizens.
Webster thus defines the verb "to protect:"
"To' covcr from danger or injury; to throw a
shelter over; to keep in safety." The duty of
protectingthe States againstinvasion, enjoined
upon the General Government, therefore em-
braces the responsibility of covering from dan-
ger or injury, sheltering or keeping in safety, as
well the property as the lives and liberty of
the citizens of the States. If, then, a State is
invaded, the Constitution presumes the prop-
erty of the citizens to be in the safe-keeping of
the General Government, which is bound fay
the very terms of its existence to cover it from
danger or injury, and which, being thus made
the trustee for the citizens of the State, is re-
sponsible to them for the value of the property
so intrusted to its protection.
If the provision of the Constitution just
quoted contemplated nothing beyond the pre-
vention of a hostile army from entering the
territory of a State, it would be of little value ;
for whenever our country becomes the theater
of war the soil of some of the States must
of necessity be invaded. Hence that provis-
ion must be given a broader interpretation.
It must, mean that the General Government is
responsible for the expulsion of the invader
and the injuries sustained by the citizens of
the State from the invasion.
But conceding for the sake of the argument
