396
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Indian Affairs in Arizona—Mr. McCormick.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
noy a brigadier general in the State militia,
an(i it is asserted because of bis editorials be
was removed as a brigadier general of militia,
and tlie Governor's influence was brought to
bear against him, and be was displaced from
all places of honor and trnst in the State ; and
you must understand that my colleague's
power then was despotic; only the judges were
safe from him ; all the State officials were in
his hands. He could appoint this man a sher-
iff, that man a judge, that man county clerk,
whoever he saw fit; and the members of the
Legislature had their friends in office, and he
could touch them to the quick in any part of
the State. He removed this editor, Mr. Flour-
noy, as Mr. Flournoy states, because of his
editorials in hi-! paper.
Then my colleague, to instruct us as to our
duties and show us how we ought to act
and how we ought to feel, wrote a long letter
addressed to us showing why Mr. Flournoy
should not have spoken unkindly or severely
of General Lee. Why, sir, a Governor or a
Senator with these political proclivities cer-
tainly has very little right to claim to be a Re-
publican. Have we no right to speak of Gen-
eral Lee as a traitor? Certainly my colleague
has no right to represent the Republican party
of the State of Mississippi here. I do not un-
derstand that he pretends to. He pretends to
represent " my people," the people of Missis-
sippi ; but certainly the Republican party has
repudiated him if there are any signs of the
times.
He spoke of Aaron Moore. He said: "I
took him to Meridian with ine and showed him
to the people ; I made the point in my speech
of having Mr. Aaron Moore there." I under-
stand that Mr. Aaron Moore went there last
fall for the first time since the riot some eight
or ten months previous. I saw Mr. Moore,
and I know from his own statement that he
dared not go back to Lauderdale county to
live. He was the representative in the Legis-
lature from that county; he was a leader, he
was a preacher, he was a prominent colored
man, and he dared not go back ; so he stated
to me. My colleague states that other col-
ored men who left at the same time went back.
They might have done so, for they were not
as prominent as Mr. Moore ; but that proved
nothing. Mr. Moore dared not go back. I
had that from his own lips, and if he did go
there—my colleague says he did, and I believe
thatis true—he stopped there but a very short
time and then returned to Jackson. He was
a carpet-bagger from necessity.
He also states that if the carpet-baggers of
the Legislature had acted with him there
would have been no need of Federal legisla-
tion. He said he wanted a picked regiment
of cavalry. Of course it would have been a
"picked" regiment of cavalry. The men
"picked" would have been the men known
there as Alcorn men, the Democrats; men who
would have gone out without any feeling or
regard for the Republican party, just the
class of men he sent to investigate a riot at
Meridian; men who found everything bright
and serene; and if these picked cavalry had
gone out there would have been no complaints;
the colored people would not have dared to
make any complaints ; and then suppose there
had been a man who would have done his
duty properly in that pieked regiment of cav-
alry, and tbe.v had caught a Ku Klux and
taken him to a court, they would have found
the court presided over by a man who doubt-
less was a friend of the Ku Klux. 1 do not
pretend to speak of all, but 1 can speak of
many of those judges that he appointed who
never were Republicans, never had any sym-
pathy with the Republican party, and who
would stand firm and strong in the Ku Klux
interest at all times.
He also refers to a letter I wrote to Mr.
Norris. He states that he is a barber and a
drunkard. I wrote to him as a member of the
Legislature of the State of Mississippi. I did
not know that he was a drunkard, if he was.
He might have been a barber; he evidently
was not a planter ; he evidently did not own a
plantation, and had not recently lost a very
great number of negroes 1
My colleague has also informed us of a
newspaper there, the Pilot. Bear in mind
that in all these contests he has been beaten
in these efforts to control the party, and, as he
says, my friends have won. The Republican
party were very anxious to sustain him. He
was nominated in doubt. Many of the Repub-
licans did not believe..in his Republicanism.
They had never heard him utter a Republican
sentiment—I am not aware that I have as yet—
and they nominated him with reluctance ; but
still they were ready to do his bidding at all
times.
He has stated that the carpet-baggers and
the Democracy joined together to beat his
paper in the matter of the public printing.
Now I should like to ask the Democratic party
under what circumstances they could possibly
ally themselves to carpet-baggers in the sense
that he uses the term, to beat a conservative of
his standing. So, the simple facts were that
the carpet-baggers had lost confidence in my
colleague; he had played one trick too many
) with the Democracy, and they were only too
glad to have this opportunity to strike him a
blow, fearing they would never have another
opportunity; and that is the whole of that
story.
Still he tells of his personification of " my
people " of that State, and how thoroughly he
represents them 1 Sir, he came near not com-
ing to this body. He was elected to take his
seat on the 4th of March, 1871. He saw fit
to hold over; and so thoroughly disgusted had
the Republican Legislature of that State be-
come with him that they attempted to elect
some other person, and in fact one of the
houses of the Legislature did have a meeting
and did attempt to elect a person in his place,
and in that election he received very few votes
not Democratic. They would have proceeded
with that election in the senate ; but, unfor- •
tunately, or fortunately perhaps, he was able
with his patronage to control votes in the
senate which with the Democratic vote pre-
vented the senate from entering upon that
election for Senator. So when he attempts to
charge upon the carpet-baggers and Democracy
a coalition to beat him, he calls to mind the
fact that he was simply saved to his present
seat by cooperation of the Democracy, and
failing to complete his part of the bargain
when the time came, the Democracy turned
against him at the recent election of the public
printer, and were only too glad to support my
paper, as he sees fit to call it, or the Repub-
lican paper, the Pilot, rather than his own.
And now my colleague comes here, as I say,
to represent the Republican party of the State
of Mississippi. Does he talk like a Republi-
can ? Has he ever uttered a Republican sen-
timent? Does he vote for anything that is
Republican, Ku Klux law or civil rights bill,
anything that the Republicans of the State
ask? No. He comes here simply or in part
to abuse the very men who sent him here. It
is a fact that the carpet-baggers and the colored
men are the controlling element of the Repub-
lican party of that State. They controlled it
when he was nominated and when he was
elected to the Senate, and they control it now,
as the action of the late convention shows;
and still he comes and utters   tirade against
them. He goes on to show that all the ills
that have happened to that State are due to
them. Why, sir, in the late election my col-
league did his best to "beat a large number of
them and they know it, apd they remember it.
And now he comes here and specifies these
carpet-baggers by name, and says Mr. Wells,
the present district attorney for the northern
district of Mississippi, is unfit to occupy that
place.
The Senator from Indiana has informed
us that he met that district attorney, and fouud
him a very intelligent and capable person. Mr.
Wells was a graduate of the law school in this
District. He had a classmate, who graduated
at the same time, by the name of Jacobson.
Mr. Wells graduated above Mr. Jacobson.
My colleague secured Mr. Jacobson the posi-
tion of district attorney in the southern dis-
trict of Mississippi, and says nothing of his
carpetbagism, but he finds occasion to refer
to Mr. Wells's qualifications and Mr. Wells's
carpetbagism 1
He has also stated that the reason why no
one has been convicted there is because Mr.
Wells is incompetent. He tells us, though, in
the same breath that he employed the ablest
counsel in northern Mississippi to aid Mr.
Wells. One would imagine that with these
able counsel somebody would have been con-
victed ; but it appears, even though Mr. Wells
might not have been competent in his opin-
ion, these very able lawyers of the northern
part of the State were,with Mr. Wells's assist-
ance. equally unable to reach any convictions.
If Mr. Wells's statements are to be believed,
these able lawyers entered into that trial with
very little heart, but imperfectly did their
duty, and but poorly earned the large sum
of money that was paid them for their
services.
And now he says we do not want a Ku Klux
bill, and one of the reasons is that it is a
menace to the people of Mississippi. Of
course it is a menace. These Ku Klux are
cowards. They go at night and commit these
murders. They go in large numbers and at-
.tack a single person. The only way to keep
a coward in subjection is through fear. You
cannot reach him in any other way, and it is
the fear, it is the menace that these people
respect and nothing else. The very passage
of the Ku Klux law itself carried menace
with it, and resulted in great good. The in-
vestigation of those cases by the Ku Klux
Committee at the South did great good.
Mr. President, I can speak for the Repub-
lican party of the State of Mississippi, and I
do assert that they desire the continuation of
the operation of this law, They have been at
all times in favor of the Ku Klux law; they
have been and are now in favor of the civil
rights bill, whatever my colleague may say to
the contrary.
Indian Affairs in Arizona.
SPEECH OF HON. R. C. McCORMICK,
op arizona,
In the House op Representatives,
April 13, 1872.
The House having met for debate as in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, said:
Mr. Speaker : On the 1st of the present
month the gentleman from California [Mr.
Coghlah] presented to the House certain
joint resolutions of the California Legislature,
which, at my request, were then read at length,
and which I now ask the Clerk to read as the
basis of the remarks I propose to make at this
time.
The Clerk read as follows:
Joint resolutions of the Legislature of California
relating to Indian affairs in the Territory of
Arizona.
Whereas we are fully assured that the following
statements are true:
That the inhabitants of the Territory of Arizona
are now, and for years past have been, the victims
