4032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
unworthy of men who profess to be statesmen ;
that is what I said and that is what I repeat.
Mr. STEVENSON. I will tell the gentle-
map, if he will yield 
Mr. BECK. That is the reason I protested
against that course of conduct.
Mr. STEVENSON. Does the gentleman
■wish to know?
Mr. BECK. The intention on the. other
side was to make their speeches to go to the
country, to have their remarks printed which
they never made at all, and which they would
never venture to make here, when we had the
right to answer and expose them, but to pretend
that they were made on this floor, and that
110 man dared to deny them. Yes, sir, the
truth is, that they held hack the bill, and
sought to gag us by moving the previous ques-
tion, so that they might send to the countiy
and circulate their calumnies as facts which
■we did not deny, when in fact their speeches
would not be published (or weeks after we leave
and not being actually delivered here we could
have no opportunity to deny them. That is
the meaning of the whole Republican wing
of the committee being on the list to-night.
Now, sir, as I said, these bills have been
brought up at the last of the session and have
been sought to be forced through under gag
law, and we have been threatened to be held
here night, and day by the power of adominant
' majority, and perhaps have an extra session
called it' we continue stubborn, in order to re-
elect your President by the power of the bayo-
net. Sir, there is no necessity for the legisla-
tion proposed, and you know it. This Ku
Klux Committee has been in session now since
Congress met, and no man has dared to say
that ihere lias been a single offense committed
since the first day ot last December. No man
has ever come before that committee to show
that, there was any pretense for the reenactment
of the Ku Klux bill, of the enforcement bill,
the civil rights bill, of any of the bills which
at the heel of the session you are seeking to
press through; because if he had come there
and made such a charge he would have been
disgraced by the exposure of the falsehood of
the charge which the investigation which would
have promptly followed would have developed.
Now, when investigation is impossible, when
debate under the rules is cut off, at the very
heel of the session, you come m and in order
to make political capital and hold despotic
power, to destroy the rights of a free people,
to put, bayonets over them, to put supervisors
over the elections, you raise the cry of Ku
Klux upon the statements of your spies, pimps,
and inlormers, and try to put. eleven sovereign
States under the heel of a military dictator.
Thanks to the Democratic parly and the patri-
otic men on the other side of the House who
stood by us, that cannot be done ; you may
call Congress together again to do it, your
President may lash you to do it, if he dares,
and nothing but disgrace and failure will
follow the effort.
The people of this country understand the
meaning of it, and they will hold the men ac-
countable who attempt it. 'J'he people intend
to be free; they intend to assert and maintain
that the civil is superior to ihe military au-
thority. They will make good the proposition
that the people of these States are capable of
self-government, and that bayonets at their
thtoals. either at the time of election or at any
other time, shall not be permitted when the
courts are open and justice can lie adminis-
teied without sale, denial, or delay. They
intend to assert that the onward or down-
ward march of consolidation and central-
ization shall ceasc ; that the revolution that is
tending to bring everything to this great mael-
strom at Washington shall be brought to a
halt; that the corruption which is festering
everywhere, destroying in its efforts at con-
cealment even the records of your War and
other Departments, destroying everything that
has heretofore been regarded as vital in civil
government,, shall be put down, and that hon-
esty, integrity, the security of the rights of the
people, the maintenance of their local gov-
ernment, and the superiority of the civil over
the military authority shall be the rule of this
Republic. "AH your Ku Klux laws, your en-
forcement acts, your civil rights bills, cannot
prevent the people from carrying out this re-
form. They have taken the work in their own
hands, and are going through with it in spite
of all your threats, your oppressions, and your
tyranny.
Sir, I hold in my hand the report of our com-
mittee ; and it is indorsed in gilt letters Ku
Klux Conspiracy." I would like to know who
authorized the gentlemen on the other side to
indorse in gilt letters upon a book which is to be
paid for by the constituents of myself and the
other gentlemen, " Ku Klux Conspiracy."
Sir, that indorsement stands there a falsehood
upon its face—an outrage upon the people—a
wrong done by men in authority in these two
Houses. It is an outrageous attempt to brand
as a fact on the report the very subject of in-
quiry. It might as well have been indorsed
(and such an indorsement would have been
more truthful) "Congressional Carpet-Bag
Robbery."
But the whole course of gentlemen on the
opposite side, from beginning to end, has been
characterized by a determination to assume
and assert what they call facts, and not to
give us a hearing, because they know discus-
sion would develop that all the outrages and
pretenses of a conspiracy among that people
are utterly untrue. Why do I say so? There
were eleven States embraced in this investi-
gation. Five of those States, Virginia, Tennes-
see, Arkansas, Texas, and Louisiana, contain-
ing nearly one half of the population, and
embracing more than one half ol the territorial
area of those eleven States, were acquitted by
a majority of the committee themselves of any
participation in the so-called "conspiracy.''
The minority of the committee wanted to
go to those States and investigate the condi-
tion of things there; but by a strict party
vote (the record of which is given in the mi-
nority report) the majority upon a call of the
yeas and nays voted down the proposition,
and would not allow us to go there. Why?
Because they knew there was nothing in all
those five great States to authorize even an
investigation into their condition, while the
conduct of the rulers who had been placed
over them by Congress was a disgrace to the
civilization of the age, which they did not intend
to allow us to develop and expose. Half the
people and half the States therefore stand
acquitted by the confession of the majority
themselves. Can you imagine a conspiracy
in eleven States when half the people and one
half the territorial area stand acquitted, and
where it is not even pretended that a Ku Klux
organization exists in any one of them ? It is
simply ridiculous to assert such a proposition.
How is it in the other six States—North
Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama,
Florida, and Mississippi? It is not even pre-
tended that out of more than four hundred
and twenty counties embraced in those States
there ever was a Ku Klux organization in
more than forty ; or not over ten per cent of
these remaining States—not. over five per cent,
of the whole—was there anything looking like
an organization in that state of the case ; and
even where it existed no man has pretended
that one man in twenty of all the people in the
few counties where men have been seen in
disguise countenanced or indorsed it,, or had
anything to do with it. Indeed, nearly all
this people opposed and denounced such con-
duct when they could not suppress it.
So that, assuming the facts stated by the
majority in their report to be true—assuming
the facts to be as bad as they state them—
less than two percent., and 1 believe less than
one per cent., of the whole population of the
South ever was in any wise involved in any of
these wrongs. Yet this report is indorsed or
exhibited a great "Ku Klux Conspiracy."
It is because the majority knew these facts
to be true that this thing was crowded in at
the heel of the session, that speeches might be
circulated throughout the country after the
adjournment of Congress which no man should
have an opportunity to answer. No man can
read the reports that are embraced in this
volume—the great bulk of one having been
prepared by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stevenson,] and I having had the honor to
prepare the minority report at the request of
my colleagues, except that portion bearing
specially on South Carolina—no man can
read them both without coming to the con-
clusion I have stated, that at the bottom of
all this mischief at the South was the misrule,
mischief-making, and robberies committed by
congressional emissaries sent down there. I
say congressional emissaries; and I mean
what I say. Men were sent down there by
Congress licensed to do what they pleased
with that people; and they executed their mis-
sion to an extent which would satisfy the most
rapacious or bloodthirsty. They stirred up
sedition and strife between the white and
the colored races by means which it re-
quired ihe most fiendish ingenuity to devise.
They deceived the poor ignorant negroes,
whose leanings were all toward their former
masters, and who, but for their teachings,
would have been friendly with the men by
whom they had been raised and supported
until they were induced to believe every white
man in that country was their enemy, and
every emissary who came among them was
their special friend. They held out all sorts
of inducements and promises to them. They
made the most incredible and ridiculous
pledges to them. What has been charged is
no myth; it is proved everywhere that the
neg.oes were told if they would vote for them
they should have each forty acres of land and
a mule, and frequently the poor devils went to
the polls with halters in thgir hands to lead
home the mule they expected to receive.
They stationed men at distances from the
polls to arrest every man who dared to vote
against them, threatening, and often commit-
ting violence upon those who refused. They
did everything to make them hate the race with
whom they had formetly lived on terms of
friendship. Their leagues were omnipotent,
and their orders were rarely disobeyed. Fur-
ther than that, many of these emissaries carried
painted stakes under their arms and sold them
at one dollar apiece, or four, to stake off a plat,
to ignorant blacks, telling them if they would
step off so many steps and stick a stick into the
ground, and then step off so many more steps
aod stick another of these painted stakes into
the ground, and then step off so many more
steps and stick another, and so on, they would
be entitled to forty acres of their former mas-
ter's farm, as these painted stakes had been
purchased at the Treasury Department in
Washington to enable them thus to perfect
their title. These poor negroes paid four dol-
lars for these stakes.
One gentleman who testified said one of
these fellows had received over three hun-
dred dollars at one barbecue for the sale of
these painted stakes. To that extent did they
go, and that is only a specimen of the imposi-
tion they practiced on a poor, ignorant, and
deluded people, whose real friends were sure
to be imprisoned if they dared even to advise
the blacks that they were being cheated or
imposed on. They piled debt after debt on
the States of the South, until the debt
from 1868 to 1871 had increased over two
hundred and fifty million dollars. The state
ment made in the majority report, carefully
prepared by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Steve.vsonJ himself, show.s that fact; and it ia
shown also in the minority report. Those debts
were contracted almost wholly since 1868. If
you will take the statements given in the re-
