1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
449
A bill (H. R. No 1056) authorizing the sur-
vey and marking of the boundary between the
territory of the United States and the posses-
sions of Great Britain from the Lake of the
Woods to the summit of the Rocky mountains.
The following House bills were read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions:
A bill (H. R. No. 497) granting a pension
to Fred -ick A. Garlick, of Cortland county,
New \orlc ;
A bill (PI. R. No. 511) fixing the time from
which pensions heretofore granted, or which
may be hereafter granted, shall commence,
and extending the time for the filing of appli-
cations for the same;
A bill (H. R. No. 1057) granting a pension
to Anna Butterfield, mother of James A. B.
Butterfield;
A bill (H. R. No. 1058) granting a pension
to Margaret Coggins, widow of Philip Coggins;
and
A bill (EL R. No. 1059) granting a pension
to Phcobe Haskall, widow of Sidney Smith.
united status biennial register.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution
from the House of Representatives; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed one thousand extra copies of the United
States Biennial Register for the year 1871.
report of commissioner of land office.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the following concurrent resolution
from the House of Representatives; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing:
Jiesolv'd, (the Senate concurring,) That there be
printed five thousand copies of the report of the
Commissioner of the General Lnnd Office for 1870,
of which thrco thousand copies shall be tor the use
of the House, one thousand for tho Senate, and ono
thonKa.nd for the land department.
credentials.
Mr. THURMAN presented the credentials
of Hon. John Sherman, chosen by the Legis-
lature of Ohio a Senator from thai State for
the term commencing March 4, 1873; which
were read, and ordered to be filed.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents, at the request of the Yearly Meeting of
the Religious Society of Friends, held in New
York, their memorial to the President, the
Senate, and the House of Representatives of
the United States, against war, as not only
at variance with Christianity, but also with
morality and the best interests'of the human
family; (hat it is a scourge of indescribable
magnitude, bringing incalculable evils upon
those nations that resort to it as a means of
settling their differences, hailing with joy the
recent arrangement by which the settlement ot
the differences between our Government and
that of Great Britain was referred to a court
of high commission ; and respectfully entreat-
ing that the attention of the President and of
Congress maybe earnestly directed to the pro-
motion of arrangements for the settlement of
any future national differences that may arise
by arbitration rather than by a resort to the
sword. The memorial will be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CONKLING. .Mr. President, I have in
my hand a carefully prepared and thoughtful
memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of the
State of New York. It relates to the depres-
sion of the American shipping interest, and
sets forth facts and opinions which I believe
to be entitled to great weight. It recommends
the adoption of measures tor the payment of
liberal compensation for mail service per-
formed by lines of American steamers sailing
to foreign ports. There are topics in this
memorial which belong to one of the commit-
tees of this bodjf, and topics which belong to
another; and this suggests a doubt to my mind
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 29.
as to its appropriate reference. I move, how-
ever, its reference to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads; and as I think it
ought to be printed, I make a motion to that
effect.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the memorial
were printed, the Senator could then have it
referred to two committees, if he desired, a
part to each committee. If there be no objec-
tion, this memorial, which is elaborate, will be
ordered to be printed, and the Senator desires
it all referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
Mr. CONKLING. I think it may as well go
to that committee.
The memorial was referred to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads, andordered
to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING. I also present the peti-
tion of Charlotte Barnaby, of the county of
Clinton, in the State of New York, in which
very many citizens concur, asking to be allowed
a pension for special reasons. 1 move its ref-
erence to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON presented the petition
of Henry Conard, for an allowance of salary
while acting as chargfe d'affaires ad interim
at Port au Prince; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented the me-
morial of Hayward A. Harvey, heir of T. W.
Harvey, deceased, of New York, praying the
extension of a patent for the manufacture of
wood-screws; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents.
Mr. BLAIR presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Missouri, asking Congress to
make an appropriation for the survey and im-
provement of the navigation of the Gasconade
river ; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a memorial of citizens
of Missouri on behalf of the Liquor Dealers'
Association of St. Louis, praying the passage
of a law requiring that all the tax on spirits
distilled within the United States may be
collected at the distillery or distillery-ware-
house; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Missouri, praying a reduction of the tariff to a
revenue basis, and especially a repeal of the
duties upon salt, coal, and pig iron ; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Mississippi, praying the passage of a law pro-
hibiting the deduction of any part of the pay
of mail contractors for the failure of the mails
caused by high water ; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. VICKBRS presented the petition of
W. J. C. Duhamel and Henrietta I. Kennedy,
of Baltimore, Maryland, praying indemnifica-
tion for loss of property by French spoliations
prior to the year 1801; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a memorial of
stationers, booksellers, and job printers, of
Ohio, protesting against the sale of stamped
envelopes by the Government; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
tylr. WINDOM. I present the memorial of
the Society of the Army of the Cumberland,
adopted at their annual reunion held in Detroit,
Michigan, in November, 1871, asking Con-
gress to reduce the time of residence required
of soldiers and sailors on homesteads by de-
ducting the time of service in the Army or
Navy. The resolution adopted by the society
is as follows:
" That Congress be memorialized by the Society
of the Army ot the Cumberland to pass a law allow-
ing the time tho settlor served in the late war to be
deducted from the five years, after he shall have
lived upon his land two years."
This is signed by P. H. Sheridan, Lieuten-
ant General, presiding officer, and John W.
Steele, recording secretary of the Society of
the Army of the Cumberland, and represent-
ing, as I am informed, some three hundred
thousand soldiers.
I also present the petition of James Hag-
gerty and twenty-one others, late officers and
soldiers of the Army, residents of New York,
asking for the same reduction of time; and
also twelve other petitions of a similar char-
acter, signed by several hundred soldiers. I
move that all these petitions be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of
booksellers, printers, and stationers, of Allen-
town, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the
manufacture of envelopes by the Government;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CALDWELL presented a petition of
members of the bar of Montgomery county,
Kansas, praying that terms of the circuit and
district courts of the United States for the
district of Kansas be held at the city of Leav-
enworth ; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas, presented tho
petition of the heir of the estate of William
Robinson, of Houston, Texas, praying indem-
nification for loss of property by French spo-
liations prior to the year 1801; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the petition of
George Brown and one hundred and sixty
others, ofCraven county, North Carolina, pray-
ing the passage of the supplementary civil
rights bill; also, a similar petition from offi-
cers of the Pennsylvania State Equal Rights
League ; and also a similar petition from Rev.
S. S. Waller and forty others, of Binghamton,
New York. I move that these petitions lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I present the petition of
William A. Adams, of Ohio, praying for the
passage of a bill indemnifying sufferers by
French spoliations prior to 18U0; and as this
memorial contains a succinct reference to the
facts of the case, and some suggestions that
are worthy of consideration, although I do not
myself concur in the conclusions, I think the
memorial deserves to be printed. I make the
motion that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to ; and the memo-
rial was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of
George M. Weston, a citizen of Maine, in be-
half of the shipping and producing interests
of that State, against the repeal of the duty on
coal: which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the memorial of
Brevet Brigadier General Benjamin S. Rob-
erts, praying compensation for the use by the
Government of his patent for improvements
in fire-arins and cartridges; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HILL presented the memorial of Duff
Green, showing how to pay off the national
debt, regulate the value of money, and main-
tain stability in the values of property and of
labor; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in relation
to the claim of the officers and crew of the United
j States ship Wyoming, be withdrawn from tho files
of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, of West Vir-
ginia, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Fannie A. Thomp-
son, leffal representative and administratrix of tho
estate of General William Thompson, deceased, pray-
ing to be allowed seven years' half pay, as provided
for by resolution of Congress, August 24,1870, be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate and referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
