1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3137
appropriation authorized by law and reported
in the bill.
Here is an amendment providing for a line
■ from the Sandwich Islands to Australia and
making an appropriation of $425,000 a year
for a service not authorized by law. Can it
•" be said that that is not in violation of the rule ?
' The Senator from California is more interested
'in maintaining the integrity of this rule, its
fair and strict construction, than any one else.
Now, shall he enable us to violate the rule in
a way that would enable any ingenious Sen-
ator—and we are all reasonably ingenious in
these matters—to evade the rule entirely ? If
this be in order, I would laugh at your rule;
and if I wished to offer an amendment I could
hitch any legislative provision that I might
choose to present to the Senate and connect
it in some way or other by some phraseology
with some insignificant appropriation in the
bill, and thus entirely defeat the rule.
This rule was adopted to expedite the public
business; to let every tub stand on its own
bottom; to allow these new legislative pro-
visions to pass upon their own merits ; to dis-
connect them with the appropriation bill.
Now, the Senate has been called upon to say
that the rule it has so seriously and solemnly
adopted after a day's debate does not mean
anything at all. T trust the Senator from
California will not press such a construction
• of the rule, but will stand by it in good faith.
Mr. NYE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Ohio a question. He discussed this very rule
yesterday at full length.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did.
Mr. NYE. And so did other Senators here
all day. The vote was taken, and the point
got but one vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. The reason was that the
then occupant of the chair thought that the
amendment was not out of order. I thought
it was out of order ; but after it was ruled to
be in order I was bound to defer to the opin-
ion of the Chair. I discussed it for ten min-
utes and my honorable friend discussed it for
ten minutes.
Mr. NYE. If it was not out of order then,
it is not out of order now. It seems to me
to be a small business to throw it out on a
technicality.
Mr. CASSERLY. The bill as it eame from
the committee contained, on page 8, line3
forty-four and forty-five, this provision:
Eor steamship servicc between San Francisco and
the Sandwich Islands. 375,000.
That is the peg upon which the present
amendment is to hang if it becomes a part of
the bill. The Senator from Ohio thinks that
is a monstrous doctrine. He says, practically,
that any caangc of the provision reported
brings it within the rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator says not
at all. What he does say is that because
the service is extended beyond the Sandwich
Islands as far as Australia, therefore it is
within the rule : but I submit to the Senator
that no such line as that can be drawn.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me  
Mr. CASSERLY. [ will be through in a
few minutes. I am endeavoring to satisfy the
Senate, and I know very well that the Senator
from Ohio did not speak without having his
mind fixed upon the subject. His doctrine is
that a change in the distance of the service is
objectionable to the rule. I submit to the Sen-
ator whether a change of ten miles in the dis-
tance of service is to exclude an amendment
when a change may be made in the compensa-
tion for the service from half a million to a mil-
lion or two million dollars, and yet not bring
it within the rule? Therefore, you cannot say
that the mere change of the service brings an
amendment within the rule, provided it be an
amendment that directly relates to the appro-
priations contained in the bills. The appro-
priation in the bill for this service was for
$75,000. It is for a monthly service. Suppose
there had been an amendment for a daily ser-
vice between these two places at a compensa-
tion of $2,000,000, would that have been with-
in the rule? It must be admitted that it would
be. The only distinction which the Senator
draws is a distinction of distance; and surely
the distinction of distance is not any more con-
clusive than the distinction in the amount of
compensation. If one is admissible the other
is. But I submit—and I thought that was the
general sense of the Senate the other day—
that any amendments which relate to the ap-
propriations in the bill, in other words, which
are germane to the appropriations in the bill,
are admissible under the rule.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I desire to say is that
if this related to steamship service between
San Francisco and the Sandwich Islands it
might, be in order. But this is a new subject
of legislation, entirely new, not authorized by
law, entirely different, not necessarily con-
nected with the service to the Sandwich Islands.
It is true you may by ingenious language con-
nect them, and so I may propose that many of
the items of appropriations contained in this
bill shail not take effect except upon condition
that the law shall be so and so. Would not
that be held by the Senate to be a clear eva-
sion of the rule? It is introducing legislative
matter, and yet it is a condition to an appro-
priation. Senators certainly would not allow
the rule to be evaded by such an equivoque.
This is simply an entirely new contract upon a
new subject-matter, involving larger amounts,
changing terms and conditions, and not relating
at all to the present contract. The present
contract is existing; it is not proposed to
change that, bat to make a new contract for a
different purpose.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I regard the
argument in behalf of this amendment being
in order as the very finest kind of hair-splitting
that I have ever seen in the Senate. I have
not a particle of doubt that the amendment
proposed yesterday was out of order. This is
a direct, a new appiopriation. It is not, for
an increase of the appropriation for service
from San Francisco to the Sandwich Islands.
The vessels that are to start are to start from
San Francisco, and may touch at the Sandwich
Islands, but th >y ai ■ t ) go <m a :d embark in a
new service, if the amendment provided for
a new service from the Sandwich Islands to
Australia, it wouid be clearly out of order.
Therefore, T cannot see how it can even be
pretended that this amendment does not con-
flict with the rule of the Senate.
Mr. NYE. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator from Vermont a question before he
siis down. This is a bill, as I understand,
providing for the carrying of the mails to dis-
tant countries as well as internally in our own
country, and appropriating the means to do it.
Now, the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads have seen fit to recommend an exten-
sion of this line from the Sandwich Islands to
Australia by way of the Fejee Islands. 13 not
that subject germane to the business we have
been considering?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Just as ger-
mane as it would be to add on an appropri-
ation for the polar expedition that we might
circumnavigate the globe, and no more.- On
this notion our new rule is made of India
rubber to stretch and include anything that
any Senator desires to have included: but if
it is interpreted as rules are usually inter-
preted to carry out the intention, this would
be ruled out of order.
Mr. NYE. The Senator answers by loud
assertion, but he has given us no reason.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I have given
the precise reason.
Mr. COLFi. The rule allows such amend-
ments •' as directly relate to the appropria-
tions contained in the bill," and this certainly
relates to an appropriation in the bill. There
is no doubt about that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Which appropriation in
the bill is it?
Mr. COLE. That one providing for mail
steamship service between San Francisco and
the Sandwich Islands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then you may say that
black relates to white because they are both
colors.
Mr. COLE. I will not argue that question
with the Senator now. This is a proposition
to amend that clause in the bill. I believe it
to be within the language of the rule, and
therefore within the rule itself, and the mean-
ing of the rule as well. We all know, if I may
be allowed to transgress a little from the very
point, how this service to the Sandwich Isl-
ands came to be established. First, there was
a provision forsteamship service between San
Francisco and China and Japan by way of the
Sandwich Islands. That being very much out
of the way, Congress released the company
from touching at that point, and at the same
time provided for separate service to the Sand-
wich Islands, according to that service
$75,000 a year. That service is between our
own country and some islands the total area
of which is not over five thousand miles, and
the population of which is not to exceed sev-
enty thousand souls, and perhaps not over five
per cent, of them are of our own race ; and
yet there is no Senator here who will rise in
his place and say that that service has not been
a very profitable service to this Government.
Now the proposition is merely to extend
that service, to extend it to the Navigator
Islands, to the Society Islands, and to other
South Sea islands, including the fifth conti-
nent of this world, as it is called, Australia, a
country as large as our own, and to make it
much more advantageous to the Government
in proportion to the amount that is to be ex-
pended upon it than the present service to
this little kingdom of the Sandwich Islands.
I have gone into the merits of the question
to this slight extent in order to illustiate, if
possible, the propriety of the proposition to
extf-rid this service from the Sandwich Islands
to the islands of the South Pacific. I will not
argue the merits further on the question of
order.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state, as his attention is drawn to the point
to-day, that five minutes' debate on any pend-
ing motion is all that is allowed to each Sen-
ator under the rule ; and this being a question
submitted to the decision of the Senate, no
Senator, except by unanimous consent, can
have more than five minutes.
Mr. MORTON. I have not spoken but
once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator has
not, but the Senator from California [Mr.
Cole] has spoken twice, and the Chair waited
until he finished, to make the point without
personal offense to any Senator.
Mr. MORTON. The object of this rule is
torequi-ethat amendments should be germane.
This 'is already a subsidy bill. Therefore, a
subsidy amendment must be considered ger-
mane. liie bill contains an appropriation of
$75,000 to carry the mails to the Sandwich
Islands. Now, an amendment proposing to
change that so as to pay another sum to 1 arry
the mails to the Sandwich Islands and to Aus-
tralia, is certainly an amendment pertinent
to that appropriation. It changes it; it makes
it larger; and it extends the distance ; but it is
a proposition that the mails shall be carried
to the Sandwich Islands in connection with
the extension of the line. If it is not germane,
if it is not pertinent, then you mus' give the
rule the construction that you cannot change
the appropriation at all. The bill proposes
to give 875,000 to carry the mail to a certain
point: t>ie amendment proposes to give another
sum to carry the mail to that point and to other
points. Can it be said that it is not pertinent?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. If this propo-
