398
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 13,
Ho. of Reps.
Indian Affairs in Arizona—Mr. McCormick.
42d Cong..,.2d Sess.
And the gentleman wonders that the Cali-
fornia press cannot reconcile this programme
with that laid down by the Government in the
letter of General Sherman to General Scho-
field in November last. I find that the War
Department does not undertake to reconcile
it, but candidly admits that the Apaches
have deliberately refused to comply with the
demands of the Government and should be
severely dealt with, but cannot be for the
reason that the annual military appropriations
are nearly exhausted, and insufficient to sup-
port General Crook in extensive movements at
this time. Under these circumstances, and in
view of the admitted failure of the mission of
Commissioner Colyer to the Territory and the
plausible plea that another special agent should
be allowed to try his hand with the Apaches,
the sending of General Howard may perhaps
be justified, and 1 certainly hope it may pro-
duce good results. It was not of Mr. Colyer's
mission that so much complaint was made, but
ot' the fact that while trying his peace exper-
iments the operations ot General Crook were
suspended and protection was literally with-
drawn from the people.
The instructions to General Howard, which
I have quoted, are sufficient I apprehend to
permit him to embarrass General Crook if he
should desire to do so, although I am assured
that no interference is intended, and I can but
hope that his judgment as a military officer
and his good sense as a man will not lead him,
even in the zeal of the philanthropy for which
he is noted, to do anything to further annoy
General Crook or imperil the lives of my con-
stituents. The President reassures me thathe
does not wish the protection to be all to the
Indian, and in an interview a few days since he
voluntarily gave me the annexed correspond-
ence with authority to make it public, which I
am glad to do in this connection:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. 0., March 6,1872.
General : The anxiety felt by the public gener-
ally, and by myself in particular, that Indian hos-
tilities should be avoided in the future, and a policy
to civilize and elevate the Indian prove successful,
has induced the sending out of a commissioner
to study the present condition of Indian affairs
in Arizona, and, if possible, to suggest a means for
accomplishing the end aimed at. General Howard
has been selected as the commissioner to visit that
country. It ia not proposed to interfere with any
military movements ordered by proper authority.
On the contrary, it is hoped that sympathy of view
may be entertained between the commissioner and
the officers under your command.
Indians who will not put themselves under the
restraints required, will have to be forced, even to
the extent oi making war upon them, to submit to
measures that will insure security to the white set-
tlers of the Territories. It is not proposed that all
the protection shall be to the Indians, but, that if
they will submit to the rules and limitations laid
down for them, then protection by military force
shall be mutual.
Very truly, your obedient servant,
U. S. GRANT.
General J. M. Schofield,
Commanding Military Division of the Pacific.
Headquarters Military Division Pacific,
San Brancisco, California, Marchffi, 1872.
My Dear General : I was very glad to get your
letter of March 6 about Indian affairs in Arizona. I
have taken the liberty ol showing it to a lew of your
most influential friends here and have sent a copy
of it to General Crook. It will go far toward cor-
recting the erroneous impression produced by the
simple fact of another commissioner being sent to
Arizona, and will be of great assistance to Goneral
Howard in his efforts to p oduce a better state of
feeling among the people f Arizona in respect to
the policy of the Govertin: it.
I have some hope of gi jd results from General
Howard's mission. He will at least be able to give
the Interior Department and the eastern public more
correct information of the real state of affairs than
they have had heretofore.
The Apache question is one of great difficulty, but
we wilt all do the best we can to solve it ia a satis-
factory manner.
I have the honor to be, as ever, your friend and
obedient servant,
J. M. SCHOFIELD,
Major General.
The President, Washington, J). G.
General Howard will find that the people
of Arizona ask, and have asked, nothing
more than that the fair and equitable views
expressed by the President should be carried
out. If the Government will live up to them,
and not delay or restrict the execution of the
orders requisite to their enforcement, there
will be no complaint, although there may be
a difference of opinion as to the ultimate bene-
ficial results of the reservation system to the
Indians.
While I cannot agree with General Schofield
that General Howard will be able to give the
Interior Department, and the eastern public
more correct information of the real state of
affairs in Arizona than they have had, I ad-
mit that his mission has accomplished one
good result in bringing this positive letter from
the President, thus clearly defining, from the
highest authority, a fixed policy for Arizona.
Another good result that I believe must come
from the mission will be an official recognition
and acknowledgment of the fact, which as a
fair observer he must discover, that the settlers
of Arizona are neither blood-thirsty nor unrea-
sonable ; that they do not live or desire to
live by the profits of war, and that so far from
disturbing Indians professing to be friendly
they have, in the whole history of the Terri-
tory, molested but one reservation, and that
not a legally declared one, (Camp Grant,) and
then only under the the grossest provocation,
as since proven by judicial investigation.
Perhaps no recent transaction upon the fron-
tier has been so persistently misrepresented
and misunderstood at the East as this so-called
" Camp Grant massacre," and I regret to say
that not a few of the misstatements concerning
it have apparently borne official sanction. The
Indian theorists and apologists, official and
unofficial, have fairly gloated over the exagger-
ated reports and sensational statements, and
allowed no bounds to their denunciation of all
charged with participation in the affair.
The truth of history demands that I should
put upon record here this extract from the re-
port of the grand jury of Pima county, made
in October last:
"Thatwhile being fed at Camp Grant, three In-
dians left said camp and joined the party of Cochise
that killed L. B. Wooster and Trinidad Iguera, on
the 21st of March, 1871; that while being fed at Camp
G-rant, a party of Apache Indians left said camp and
stole cattle near Tucson ; were followed, and one of
their number, a well known Indian at Camp Grant,
was killed on the 12th day of April, 1871; that Es-
ke-van-zin, with seven other Apache Indians, after
receiving tickets for rations at Camp Grant, pro-
ceeded immediately to the house of C. MeKinney
and killed him on the 28th day of May, 1871, and
they have since been receiving rations at that camp ;
that a party of those Indians joined another band
of hostile Indians and attacked a train of wagons
beyond the Cienega, in this county, and in the en-
counter one of the chiefs of the Camp Grant party
was killed July 13, 1871; that while being fed at
Camp Grant, a party of Indians left said camp and
kilted the Sonora mail rider near Tucson, on the
13th day of September, 1871." * * * *
" That the present regulations of Camp Grant with
the Apache Indians on the reservation are such that
the whole body of Indians on said reservation might
leave the reservation and be gone many days with'
out the knowledge of the commanding officer."
Prom these facts and similar ones, given
under oath and subseqeently substantiated
upon the trial ®f the parties indicted for con-
nection with the Camp Grant affair, it will be
seen how loosely the temporary reservation
there was guarded; how free the Indians were
to come and go at will, and how they made
the reservation a base of supplies and a shelter
after their outrages. And the much-talked of
"Camp Grant massacre" was the visit of a
body of Mexicans and Papago Indians, with
half a dozen American residents of Tucson,
to this so-called reservation, and the summary
killing by them of a number of the Indians
believed to have taken part in these murders
and robberies, and whom the authorities there
seemed to have no disposition or power to re-
strain or punish. The movement was an
unjustifiable taking of the law into private
hands, and the incidental killing of innocent
women and children is to be deplored; but
under the circumstances 1 have referred to,
who can deny that the provocation was unusual,
or the action more than a better organized
community would have been apt. to resoit to
if satisfied that redress and relief for great
wrongs could be had in no other way. '1 here
is a story of a Quaker who, being a man of
peace, would not kill an offending dog. Said
he: " I'll neither hit thee nor stiike thee, but
I will give thee a bad name—mad dog, mad
dog, mad dog!" Arizona has been the vic-
tim of similar treatment. So many men have
for one selfish reason and another taken it
upon themselves to give the Territory and
her citizens a bad name, that the eastern
public is ready to believe, as it used to be of
Texas, the worst reports, and to insist upon
their accuracy.
It is impossible to keep trace even of the
misrepresentations annually made in Congress
in the discussions upon the Indian bills. Only
a few days since a Senator, well informed upon
other subjects, and a gentleman whose motives
I believe to be the best, after greatly underrat-
ing the population of the Territory, as the late
census, although imperfectly taken, would have
shown him, indulged in the extraordinary state-
ment that not until we took possession of Ari-
zona, and came in contact with them, did the
Apaches get a bad reputation; and in the
further assertion that it cost the Government
from four to eight million dollars per year to
maintain the "little white society," as he
called it, in Arizona!
The highest estimate I have ever received
from the Government of the annual cost of
the military establishment in Arizona is not so
much as the lowest of these amounts, and
this, I may remind the Senator, is not as he
puts it, to maintain "the white society;" not
to quiet any disturbance coming from it, but
to restrain, or attempt to restrain the few thou-
sands of roaming savages who have been em-
boldened in their hostility because of the utter
lack of policy in dealing with them, and who
are keeping from settlement and industry one
of the richest mineral-bearing regions in the
world, one that would now, in the judgment
of the Governor, (a practical miner,) if life
and property were made reasonably secure,
return a yield of bullion alone amounting to
not less than $20,000,000 per annum.
Mr. Speaker, the citizens of Arizona as a .
class, whatever may be asserted to the con-
trary, are as orderly, law-abiding, industrious,
peaceable, and worthy as those of any frontier
State or Territory. Hough in appearance and
manner many of them may be, from trying
adventure and fierce encounter, but the great
hills whose hearts are of gold and silver are
the roughest and wildest looking upon the
continent. These sturdy pioneers, these sun-
burned men of the mountaip and plaiu. are
of the heroic army of path-finders who have
redeemed the vast Pacific regions from obscur-
ity and isolation and carried the flag of their
country in victories of peace far greater than
those of war. For them, rather than execra-
tion and neglect, there should be commenda-
tion and defense, and a strong and grateful
Government should make their newly-found
and well earned homes as secure as any within
the land. Only through a fixed, determined
policy with the Apaches and other hostile
Indians can this, in my judgment, be done.
A temporizing, vacillating course has proven
alike costly and ineffectual. The Government
has spent money enough, but not in the right
way, in a great measure it has absolutely beeu
wasted. To this hour the Apaches, as they
well may, deem the Government weak and
afraid of them.
Mr. BIRD. Will the gentleman yield to
mo for a question ?
