4034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
respectable witnesses, and your committee
have held back that testimony since November,
and we cannot get it from the Printing Office.
Mr. POLAND. Who holds it back?
Mr. BECK. Either the printers or the
committee, 1 do not know which.
Mr. POLAND. I ask the gentleman to
say in what respect, in what particular is
there one word against the character of Mr.
Lakin.
Mr. BECK. That he was notoriously a
liar is proved by the testimony, and further
that he was dismissed from a church in Indi-
ana because of his relations with his wife's
own kinswomen, and if the gentleman wants
to see a copy of the testimony 1 will furnish
it to him in the morning.
Mr. POLAND. 1 assert that not one word
of that kind was before the committee any-
where.
Mr. BECK. I assert that it was, and if the
gentleman's information is that it was not his
information is false. The testimony was taken
at Huntsville, Alabama, and I was there, and
the gentleman was not.
Mr. STEVENSON. I want to say to the
gentleman from Kentucky, if he will allow me,
as he is speaking of an absent man, that the
trial at Hunt'mlle before Judge Busteed justi-
fied what Lakin testified to.
Mr. BECK. It' you will extend my time I
will read you the testimony. Lakin swears to
certain circumstances in reference to this ICu
Klux baby, and the affidavits of physicians
contradicting his testimony will be found on
page 494 of the report. The physician testi-
fies that every statement to which he swears
with so much pomp and circumstance about
this Ku Klux baby is untrue ; that it was a
child partly decomposed, and had been dead
lor several days before its birth, and that the
appearance of the child did not resemble the
Ku Klux, but was the result of partial decom-
position. And he goes on to say that all the
statements that Lakin made about the bad
treatment he had received when going to his
camp meetings were untrue. As [ have but
two minutes of my time left, I will only refer
to page 494 of the report, where the gentleman
can see the testimony of a respectable physi-
cian proving that fact, and in the morning I
will furnish further affidavits, so that the gentle-
man can see them.
Mr. POLAND. I know nothing in relation
to any affidavits my friend may have in his
pocket; but I assert, so far as I have any
i n f'o rm ati on 
Mr. BECK. Has the gentleman ever read
the testimony taken in Alabama before the
sub-committee?
Mr. POLAND. I think I have.
Mr. BECK. Have you read it?
Mr. POLAND. I believe I have.
Mr. BBCK. Where and when?
Mr. POLAND. I saw it in manuscript in
the committee-room.
Mr. BECK. When?
Mr. POLAND. Oh, a long time ago.
Mr. BKCK. Why, sir, it was a pile as high
as that, [holding his hand about two feet above
his desk,] and it lay in the basement-room of
the other end of the Capitol for weeks, and
never was before the committee. As late as
the middle of February it was not out of the
shert-hand notes of the reporter. We have
been struggling week after week to get it, and
to this day it cannot be obtained. The Repre-
sentative from Alabama, [Mr. Sloss,] who
was here in his seat a few moments ago, was
at the Printing Office a few days ago, I believe,
and could not get it.
Mr. SLOSS. I made application to the
Public Printer for it.
Mr. BECK. When?
Mr. SLOSS. Last week.
Mr. POLAND. I understand that from the
press of business in the Printing Office all
this testimony has not been printed until
lately.
Mr. BECK. I will undertake to prove, be-
ginning with the testimony of the best men in
Huntsville, concerning this man Lakin, and
following him through Blount county, with the
testimony of this physican, and taking his own
statement, that that man, Dr. Lakin so called,
a Methodist missionary, sent down there to
breed disturbance at Huntsville, is infamous,
and utterly unworthy of belief. And if I can-
not prove it before any community I will
abandon my defense of that people.
Mr. STEVENSON. Does the gentleman
deny the existence of the Ku Klux in Alabama?
Mr. BECK. 1 admit that there have been
bands of disguised men who have committed
great outrages in various places in the South
and they ought to be severely punished. They
have done it in Indiana, they have done it
everywhere, and they will always do it as long
as human nature remains as it is. But this
should be said: in the South men have been
goaded and trampled upon and driven as men
never before have been in any free country;
they have been ruled with a rod of iron,
especially in South Carolina, of which I in-
tended to speak, if I had had time, and to
show that the outrages committed by the
President there, especially his declaration of
martial law, was without cause, and to show
that the statements which he made in his mes-
sage, in which he said he obtaiued his informa-
tion from the Ku Klux committee, were un-
true, as I stated at the time they were untrue,
and which lam ready at any time to prove, as
all the committee know, as no such informa-
tion was furnished by the committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then let the gentleman
join with us in suppressing these outrages in
the South.
Mr. BECK. The gentleman tried to re-
reconstruct his own State, till the falsehood
of the statements of the witnesses was proved,
so that he had to abandon them.
Mr. MAYNARD. What does the gentle-
man say ?
Mr. BECK. I say the gentleman tried to
reconstruct his own State years ago, till the
falsehood of the statements of the witnesses
brought forward to sustain his position was
proved.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is not a particle
of foundation in a ything the gentleman has
said.
Mr. BECK. I proved it on this floor, in the
gentleman's presence, last year.
Mr. COB URN. Mr. Speaker, I do not see
why the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Bece]
is so excited in this matter. I do not know
whether it is because he is in sympathy with
the Ku Klux 
Mr. BECK. I am in sympathy with all
oppressed people.
Mr. COBUEN addressed the House. [His
remarks will appear in the Appendix.]
public boilmng, selma, alabama.
Mr. TURNER, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave to print some remarks which he
had prepared, relative to the construction of
a public building at Selma, Alabama. [See
Appendix.]
elective franchise.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave to print some remarks on Senate
bill No. 499, relating to the tenure of office and
the elective franchise. [See Appendix.]
ku klux.
Mr. ELLIOTT addressed the House. [His
remarks will appear in the Appendix.]
And then, on motion of Mr. MAYNARD,
(at twelve o'clock and twenty-two minutes a.
m.,) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. DONNAN: The petition of John
Scott and a large number of other citizens of
Calmar, Iowa, asking the establishment of
certain mail routes in northern Iowa.
Also, the petition of F. S. Palmer and a
large number of others, citizens of Clermont,
Iowa, on the same subject.
Also, the petition of C. A. Dean and various
others, citizens of Monona, Iowa, on the same
subject.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 30, 1872.
The Senate met at eleven o'clock a. m.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owex, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that
the reading of the Journal be dispensed with,
and that the Senate take up House bill No.
C94.
Mr. BAYARD. I object.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. I wish to make a
motion of a similar character.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit the question if it is for another bill. It
requires unanimous consent.
Mr. HITCHCOCK. It is to take up Senate
bill No. G99, in regard to the salaries of the
marshal and district attorney of Nebraska. It
will lead to no debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion ?
Mr. BAYARD. I did not object especially
to the bill of the Senator from New Jersey.
I object generally to taking up bills on the
instant of the assembling of the Senate. I
thinki t is not the thing to suspend the Journal
to take up a bill at once.
Mr. FltELINGHUYSEN. I think within
a day or two of the end of the session, if we
can get bills passed, nobody ought to object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair can-
not overrule the objection of the Senator from
Delaware, and the Journal Must be read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to suggest
to my friend from Delaware that perhaps he
would not insist on the reading of the Journal
if we allow the morning business to take its
regular course.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection to
dispensing with the reading of the Journal is
withdrawn, and petitions aie first in order.
Mr. BAYARD. I consider that there should
be some few minutes left for gentlemen to get
into their seats.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is fair.
PETITIONS AKD MEMORIALS.
Mr. WRIGHT presented additional papers
in relation to the claim of Mrs. Mary John-
son for damages resulting from Indian depre-
dations; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. ALCORN presented the petition of J.
D. Leflore and J. 0. Harris, asking for payment
for horses, mules, &c., furnished to the United
States, and for other relief, &c.; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
He also presented the petition of Mrs. Har-
riet Miles, praying payment of the sum of
$3,500 for her house destroyed for military
purposes by order of General U. S. Grant,
and appraised at $3,500 by a military commis-
sion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
Sarah F. Stapler, in behalf of the heirs of the
late John lioss, praying compensation for
property destroyed by rebels during the war of
the rebellion ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
WILLIAM FRESIIONE.
Mr. PRATT. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
2419) granting a pension to William Freshone,
