450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask leave to withdraw
from tbe files of the Senate the memorial of
George W. Paschall, for payment of salary and
expenses of Judge Duval in holding court in
Texas. The Senate passed a bill on that sub-
ject at a former Congress, and Mr. Paschall
now asks leave to withdraw the papers with the
view of using them elsewhere.
The leave was granted.
On motion of Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and accompanying
papers of Mary A. Manning bo withdrawn from the
files of the Senate and referred to tho Committee on
Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, some
days ago the Senate referred to the Commit-
tee on tho Judiciary a memorial from Eliza-
beth Cady Sranton, Isabella Beeclier Hooker,
and four others, setting foith that under the
present Federal Constitution all women who
were citizens of the United States had tho
right to vote, and asking Congress to pass a
law at the present session protecting them in
the. exercise of this right, and also asking to
be heard before Senate in support of these
views. I am instructed by the Committee on
tbe Judiciary to report adversely on the latter
branch of their request, which is, to be heard
before the Senate in support of the memorial;
and in reference to the other branch of the
memorial, claiming the right to vote under the
Federal Constitution, the committee will report
at an eaily day in writing to the Senate. The
committee now report adversely upon so much
of the memorial as requests that the memo-
rialists be heard, and ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of that portion
of their request.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
reports adversply upon the petition of certain
ladies to be heard at the bar of the Senate,
and ask to be discharged from the further
consideration of that prayer. Unless objected
to, that order will lie made.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Patents, to whom was referred the
petition ofS. P. Gilbert, praying that some
action be taken for the prevention of the pas-
sage of laws by States restricting the sale of
patents, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition; which was
agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The same
cominitteo, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 172) for the payment of Richard M. Green
for the use of his patent by the Government,
are of opinion that a claim against the Gov-
ernment for the use of a patent by the Gov-
ernment is like a claim for the use of any other
property, and should therefore go to the Com-
mittee on Claims. Hence the Committee on
Patents ask to be ditchaiged from the further
Consideration of the bill, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Claims.
The repott was agreed to.
Mr. FEH1!.\, of Connecticut. The same
committee, to whom was referred the petition
of George Wlight for compensation in a sim-
ilar matter, together with a bill (S. No. 239)
for the relief of'George Wright, ask to be dis-
charged from the consideration of them, and
tilut tbey be referred to the Committee on
Claims.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. The same
committee, to whom were referred the petition
of John B. Emerson and the bill (S. No. 138)
fori he relief ot John B. Emerson, being of
tbe same character as the preceding claim,
reeomroend the same action.
The petition and bill were referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Co mmittee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 1019) establishing a port of entry and
delivery at the city of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred thebill (S. No. 345) for deepening
St. Clair Flats canal to sixteen feet, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. CAMERON, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 301) to authorize the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to settle
with F. M. Cordeiro, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of
Theodore S. Comparet, asking for a pension,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 494) placing the name of Theodore S.
Comparet on the pension-roll.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 49) authorizing the establishment of
ocean mail steamship service between the Uni-
ted States and Australia, have had the same
under consideration, and have directed me to
report back thebill with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute, and recommend its
passage.
[ also submit a report which I ask to have
printed with the bill, and I will state now that
I shall avail myself of some vacant day next
week to call it up for consideration, and I
hope at that time the Senate will dispose
of it.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Henry W. B. Grover, of Durham, New Hamp-
shire, praying to be allowed bounty, asked
to be discharged from iis farther considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Caroline Damon,
praying to be allowed a pension, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, irora the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mary Bragdon,
of Poland. Androscoggin county, Maine, pray-
ing to be allowed a pension, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
PHILADELPHIA ICE-BOATS.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
487) to exempt the iron steam ice-boats, con-
structed by the city of Philadelphia, from
inspection, have directed me to report it
back, and recommend its passage.
Mr SCOTT. I ask for the present consid-
eration of that bill.
By unanimous consent the bill (S. No. 487)
to exempt the iron steam ice-boats constructed
by the city of Philadelphia from the inspec-
tion required by the act of February 28, 1871,
entitled "An act to provide for the better secu-
rity of life on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part, by steam, and for other pur-
poses," was considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose there is some
reason for that bill. I do not understand it;
but I suppose the Senator from Pennsylvania
can sta'e what it is for.
_ Mr. SCOTT. I stated when I introduced the
bill that the application of the provisions of
this law to those ice-boats prevents effectu-
ally their being used for the purpose for which
they were constructed The rivers will freeze
up and cannot be opened unless this bill is
passed. These boats requite a higher pres-
i sure of steam, in order to enable them to cut
the ioe out of the channel, than the law au-
thorizes.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
( amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
I third reading, read the third time, and passed.
BIGHT-IIOUR LAW.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Commit-
tee on Finance, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 47) in relation to pay of
laborers, workmen, and mechanics employed
by or on behalf of the Government of the Uni-
ted States, have directed me to report it back
with an amendment, in the nature of a substi-
tute. I ask at the same time that certain com-
munications which I send to the Chair be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Was Department, December 2S, 1871.
The Secretary of War has the honor to return to
tho Committee on Finance of tho United States Sen-
ate, the proposed joint resolution (II. R. No. 47) *' in
relation to pay ot laborers, workmen, and mechan-
ics employed by or on behalf of the Government of
tho United States," and, in compliance with the re-
quest of the committee, to transmit certain reports
of tho chiefs of engineers, and ordnance, showing
the probable amount that would be req ui red to carry
out the provisions of the bill in the War Department.
WILLIAM W. BELKNAP,
Secretary of War.
Office of the Chief of Enginf.f.rs,
Washington, D. C., December 23, 1871.
Sir: In reply to the communication from lion.
John Sherman of the 19th instant, inclosing House
resolution No. 47, addressed to you and referred to
this office, I have tho honor to state:
First. That the aggregate amount which, should
this billlieeome a law, would probably be rciuired
to pay employes of engineer department would not
exceed S10(j,oj2 60.
Second. That tho accounts of fifty-six officers and
agents disbursing under direction of this office would
have to bo adjusted and settled.
The remaining questions involved, namely: first,
whether it would invoivo tho accounts of contract-
ors on behalf of the Government, and second,
whether what has been paid for work of laborers,
workmen, and mechanics, has been or will be more
or less than has been or is paid f>>r like services by
private parties, cannot, with any degree of accuracy,
bo determined.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,,
A. A. HUMPHREYS,
Brigadier General and Chief of kngineera.
Hon. Secretaky of War.
Ordnance Office. Wak Department,
Washington, December 22,1871.
Sir : I have tho honor to return herewith Senator
Sherman's letter of 19th instant, accompanied by
House resolution No. 47, and respecttully submit the
following report:
On July 15.1863, twenty days after the passage of
the laiv making eight hours a day's work. General
Order 46, Adjutant General's Office, announcing the
passage of tho law. was published to tho Army for its
government. (Copy herewith.)
No special instructions on the subject were pub-
lished by this bureau to the Deportment with tho
general order, and commanding officer* at ar-iennts
were allowed to fix the daily wages of the employes
under them as had previously been allowed. Some
commanding officer.-; reduced tho nutnoer ot working
hoursin aealendarday from ten hours to eighthours
and left the daily wages unaltered; other reduced tho
number of working fiouis in tiday and made b, cor-
responding abatoment in tho day'sw.iges, while other
officers required tho hired men to labor ten hours in
a calendar day arid gavo tliem credit tor one and a
fourth days for each o ilendar day they woiked.
On February 17, 1S69. tho inclosed circular No. 2,
series of 1869, was published bythis Department and
continued in force until the date ot the President's
proclamation. From thattimo until now all hired
men employed by the day in this Department have
been paid ten bouts' wages for eight Hours' work.
Tho number of hired men employed by this De-
partment at daily wages, bonvcen the date of the
law making eight hours a day's work and the public-
ation of the President's proclamation in relation to
the same will be found to be about two thousand,
which number, if paid the extra com perisation, would
require not less than $300,00J.
It is not known that any other persons would
become entitled to 'idditional compensation should
this bill become a law. If any work was done by
contract between June 25, 1868, and May 14,1869,
the number of hired men employed by the contract-
ors is not known to this Department.
In conclusion. I have to say that the wages now
paid by this Department to laborers and other
workmen i®, at least, twenty per cent, higher than is
paid by private establishments, the relative hours
of labor being considered.
Very respecttully, your obediont servant,
A. B. DYEE,
Chief of Ordnance United States Army.
Hon. W. W. Belknap, Secretary of War.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. So far as the
committee have been able to ascertain in these
two branches of tbe Government business, it
will be seen that i.t will require at least be-
tween four and five hundred thousand do'lars
to make up the difference which is claimed on
