1872.
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2243
"When we think how lamentably the predic-
tions of these shrewd statesmen were falsified
in the history of the Collins line, we may well
receive with doubt similar predictions regard-
ing the effects of subsidies.
it is true that in 1854 we did attain to the
empire of the ocean, but it was through the
unaided, self supporting Snergy and skill of the
builders of our clipper ships, and not through
any subsidized companies. Still we can easily
conceive of reasons for subsidizing the Collins
line, which do not now exist. We then had no
public.debt, and but few taxes; now we are
loaded with both, and it is not for us, the
guardians of the people's interests, to engage
in doubtful experiments which may increase
the burdens of the people by millions.
Then, again, when Britain subsidized the
Cunard, and when we a few years later, in 1847,
subsidized the Collins line, the whole question
of the practicability of ocean steam navigation
was somewhat of an experiment. It is so no
longer. What was the reason why the Collins
line did not succeed? It was not, surely, for
want of sufficient subsidy, for it received dur-
ing the first five years $3,413,966, being more
than the cost of its four steamers, being $33,000
per trip, amounting to twelve per cent, annu-
ally on its investment. There can be no doubt
but that it failed because it did not depend on
its own industry, economy, and careful man-
agement for success, but felt that it had the
Treasury of a great people behind it. Its fail-
ure was humiliating to this nation, and I trust
we will not put ourselves in a position to be
called on to endure a like humiliation a few
years hence by attempting to restore our ship-
building through a system of subsidies.
I have said that when the Cunard and Col-
lins lines were subsidized—the one in 1840,
and the other in 1847— the question of ocean
steam navigation was something of an experi-
ment. The ocean screw steamer was then
almost unknown, and the old paddle-wheel
had neither the economy, capacity, nor swift-
ness of the screw.. In consequence, lines of
screw steamers now pay handsomely where
the paddle-wheels would have lost money. It
corroborates the position I have taken to state
that of all the lines running between America
and Europe the last one to adopt the screw
and the last one to build its boats of iron was
the subsidized Cunard company. Subsidies
act as soporifics.
The Inman line started in 1849. two years
after the Collins line, and without a dollar
of Government aid, and has gone on and
grown rich and prosperous. For twenty years
it has received no governmental aid, except
what it earned fairly as its share of the
American postages.
The English Government pays the Cunard
[line and the Inman line $3,500 gold for each
round trip, which does not look a large sum
when we used to pay the Collins line 533,000
per trip, almost ten times as much. Both
the Cunard and the Inman line_ do not con-
sider the amount they now receive from the
British Government as an equivalent for the
demands made on them, and if it were not for
the presiige attached to carrying the mails
they would both prefer to remain unnoticed
by the Government.
Britain still pays large subsidies, especially
to lines running to her distant possessions.
This she does from political and not commer-
cial motives. It is essential for her at any
eost to have sure communication in her own
hands with India and Australia.
On the Atlantic, between Europe and the
United States, there are bow no subsidized
companies except the French line. The sums
paid :o the Cunard and Inman lines are no
nioie than they earn. There are five steam-
ship lines that are flourishing that never asked
and never got a cent of subsidy. They are the
Guion, the National, the_ Anchor, the Bre-
men, and the White Star lines. The competi-
tion between these lines is great, and freights
are reasonable, yet forsooth it is proposed to
tax our people to galvanize into a temporary
existence by subsidies a few sickly creatures
who cannot live if exposed to the free air of
healthy competition.
This subsidy movement is in direct antagon-
ism to the principles and spirit of the age,
and I am convinced if any such measures pass
now, in a very few years the people will de-
mand their repeal. If, which is far from
likely, it should be found in a few years that
this system had brought into existence several
prosperous lines of steamers, he little under-
stands the temper of the American people who
does not see that they will clamor for the aboli-
tion of a system which enables individuals to
get rich and prosperous through money taken
direct from the hard-earned taxes of the peo-
ple. When the time of the repeal comes, then
will the ship-builders claim remuneration.
They will say that they invested in the stock
and appurtenances necessary for their busi-
ness, and now Government is to leave them
without, any adequate compensation. By adopt-
ing such subsidy measures we will be taking a
false step from which we must retire, before
many years, with chagrin and humiliation.
The amount of subsidy recommended by
the Secretary of the Treasury in his annual
report was thirteen dollars per ton. Now, we
estimate a Clyde-built mail steamer of three
thousand tons will eost £80,000, or $387,000
in gold, and the Secretary says it will cost us
thirty per cent, more here. Now, thirty per
cent, on $387,000 is $116,000 in gold, or
$126,000 in currency. This would be the dif-
ference against us on a three-thousand ton
steamer. He proposes, however, to pay the
builder thirteen dollars per.ton for five years,
or in all some $195,000, being $70,000 more
than, according to his own showing, they should
receive. He coolly proposes that more than
one half the construction of every steamer be
abstracted from the Treasury. Since he made
his annual report he has seen the outrageous
character of such a proposal, and modified it
so far as to make the proposed subsidy ten
dollars per ton instead of thirteen dollars, but
the change is so small as to leave all the most
odious features of the measure untouched.
Is this subsidizing from the national Treas-
ury to go on forever or to stop at the end of
five years ? Will these subsidies have reduced
wages or the price of material, or what ? As
far as I can see, five years hence we will be as
far from a revival of our shipping as ever,
unless we. remove the cause of depression,
namely, the high taxes on ship-building ma-
terial. Supposing these subsidies are voted
from the Treasury, will we have any cheaper
freights ? Will the men who export the corn,
wheat, pork, cotton, tobacco, and petroleum
be at all benefited? By no means. The nine
lines of Atlantic steamers now in operation
have reduced freight so low that it will not
pay for us to run a line without not only
building the snips, but also running them after
they are built out of the public Treasury. The
western farmer and southern planter are to
be taxed for these subsidies from which they
will receive no benefit whatever.
Of all the proposed measures to restore our
commerce, I think that which proposes a dis-
criminating tax against foreign-built tonnage
entering the ports of this country would be
the most mischievous. It would in all prob-
ability be speedily followed by retaliatory
measures from some, if not all foreign Gov-
ernments; but even if that did not follow, the
practical effect of it would be to largely reduce
our foreign commerce and seriously injure the
mercantile interests of the country. The for-
eign ship-owner will make up for the tonnage
tax by at once adding a like amount, to his
charge for freight. This in the first instance
will come out of our merchants, but eventually
out of the home producers and consumers.
Every article we import will cost us more, and
every article we export will bring us less. It
will render our exports less able to compete
in the markets of the world unless the addi-
tional freight comes out of the exporter. Every
cent added to the freight on a bushel of wheat
will come out of the price received by the
farmer.
This proposal, likethatof subsidies, amounts
to nothing more or less than an additional heavy
tax on the other industries of the country, and
put in such a form as likely to greatly disarrange
the commercial arrangements and calculations
of the mercantile classes. In fine, I repeat,
the only simple and legitimate remedy for
Congress to apply to revive our ruined ship-
ping is to reduce taxation on materials used
for ship building, and allow our merchants to
purchase foreign-built vessels.
Let us not attempt to revive our commercial
supremacy by any such temporaiy, unsatis-
factory, short-sighted make-shifts as subsi-
dies, which would build up only weak and
ephemeral enterprises which would exhaust
the money and temper of the people. Let us
adopt the natural and legitimate plan of less-
ening the burden of taxation under which
this noble industry is groaning, and it will
soon arise and once more enter the lists for
the empire of the seas.
VIRGINIA POLITICS.
Mr. DUKE. I shall only detain the House
a few moments. When I entered the Hall I
had no idea whatever of submitting any re-
marks to-day; but the prepared speech of my
colleague [Mr. Platt] induces me to say a
few words in reply. I regret that my colleague
is not. now in the Hall. I regret that he has
found it necessary, after firing his artillery, to
move to the rear in good order. I should
have preferred that he had been present while
I make the few extemporaneous remarks which
I desire now to submit to the House.
My colleague has told us that the laws in
Virginia have been violated constantly by the
Democratic or Conservative party, and he has
undertaken to give various instances. 1 have
not the time, nor have I the materials to answer
him on those matters. But this one answer 1
can make: every judicial officer in the State
of Virginia is a Kadical. Every officer of the
United States courts in the State of Virginia
is a Radical. Every commissioner who tries
cases on the preliminary examination belongs
to the party to which my colleague belongs.
Every juryman who is summoned in a Federal
court belongs to the same party. Such a thing
as summoning a Democrat upon aFederaljury
in the State of Virginia would be like finding
roses blooming in the open air at Christmas.
Now, sir, the enforcement act went into effect
at the session of 1869-70; it then became the
law ; and yet my colleague says that hundreds
and thousands of instances of offenses have
occurred in Virginia, and what has be°n the
result? Why, sir, down to this moment no
case except one solitary case has ever been
tried i  the State of Virginia for the violation
of that law, and in that solitary case the
party was acquitted. If, then, my colleague
is correct in his charges that crimes are com-
mitted throughout the Commonwealth of_Vir-
ginia, one of two things must be true, either
that his charges are mere myths and mis-
representations, or that the courts, then-
officers, their juries are utterly corrupt. He
may take either horn of the dilemma j one
or the other he must take, either that his
charges are untrue, or that tne courts and
juries in the State of Virginia are corrupt. ^ I
leave it to him to take which horn of the
dilemma he chooses. He tells us thcj.t the
Democratic party, who are ashamed to ac-
knowledge their name in Virginia, are guilty
of great proscriptions against his party. Sir,
the gentleman has a short memory. He
was a member of the Underwood conven-
