1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
399
42d Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Lamison.
Ho. op Reps.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. Certainly.
Mr. BIRD. What sort of a policy would you
wish adopted 1
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. The policy
laid down in the letter of General Sherman,
and that of the President, which I have pre-
sented, is perhaps the best that can now be
devised. 1 would have it adhered to, and the
Indians made to understand that there would
be no deviation from it.
Mr. BIRD. Without the continuance of
military force in their country, would they not
return to an attitude of hostility; and even if
they were convinced that it was best to remain
at peace, does he consider that at any period
they would be able to take care of and pro
vide for themselves?
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona. To the
first inquiry I would reply that until they were
well subdued I think there would be danger
in withdrawing the military. I believe that
while it is claimed that the Sioux are con-
trolled by the ss-called peace policy, it is not
yet deemed expedient to remove a fort from
their country. To the second inquiry I re-
spond, that with Indians like the wild Apaches
there has be#n so little intercourse that it is
impossible to predict what could be expected
from them if quieted and instructed in agri-
culture. Even the tame Indians dislike to
work, and I suspect it would be long before the
Apaches, if gathered upon reservations, would
do much in the way of supporting themselves.
The gentleman may remember that I have
repeatedly urged upon this floor the import-
ance of educating the Indians to labor and giv-
ing them their annuities only in return for work,
however limited in quantity. Mr. Speaker,
tne utter lack of policy on the part of the
Government in dealing with the Apaches has
lately been strikingly shown in arguments
made before the joint claims commission,
under the convention of July 4, 1868, between
Mexico and the United States. In a speech
made here two years since I stated that claims
to the amount of several millions of dollars
had been presented to this commission for dep-
redations committed between 1848 and 1853,
in Sonora and Chihuahua, by these Indians
living within the jurisdiction of the United
States, for which depredations our Govern-
ment was supposed to be responsible under the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. It now appears
that claims to the amount of more than eleven
millions of dollars have been presented, and
the Mexican commissioner asserts that only
a portion of the damages, comparatively smalt,
has been ascertained. In an exhaustive opin-
ion the commissioner not only shows, by
abundant proof, that the United States has
had no particular or systematic policy in re-
gard to the Apaches, but also that it has been
constantly well informed as to the character
and proceedings of these rapacious Indians.
So long ago as 1853 a special commissioner
reported that the Apaches lived by plunder-
ing and committing frightful murders, and
urged a rigorous policy with them.
Without enteringupon the debatable ground
as to whether the Government is or is not
bound by the wording of the Gadsden treaty
to compensate Mexico for depredations com-
mitted by raiding Apaches between 1848 and
1853, 1 may well illustrate the devastation
created in the northern States of that repub-
lic by these savages by giving from the
opinion of the Mexican commissioner the
following synopsis of the damage done accord-
ing to his estimation:
1. The loss of thousands of lives of Mexi-
can citizens, who possibly would have per-
sonally contributed to the defense of the
national independence, and to the increase of
public wealth and power.
2. The necessity of imposing new taxes
on ruined and impoverished portions of the
country, which gave origin to a profound
disaffection toward the Government, aud con-
sequently to _ many of the insurrections and
rebellions which have shed so much blood and
demoralized the country,
3. The necessity of constantly maintaining
an army, which has served, as all the stand-
ing armies do, to oppress the people, oppose
the progress of liberal institutions, and keep
the country behind the age.
4. To produce in the bordering States a
situation of misery, languidness, and despond-
ency, which exerted considerable influence
in the creation of a political party favoring
European intervention, and weakening the
efforts of the nation in her struggle against
the iniquitous attempt of Napoleou HI to
establish an empire in Mexico.
From this estimate gentlemen may form
some judgment of the injuries the Apaches
have inflicted upon New Mexico and Arizona,
where they have lived, and their depredations
have been even more constant, extensive, and
bold. Is it at all surprising that under such a
state of affairs, clearly understood by the peo-
ple of California, their Legislature should have
unanimously adopted the resolutions which I
have had read, and declared that it is the duty
of the Government to give the most prompt
and efficient protection to the people of
Arizona, whether they are many or few, against
these treacherous and implacable savages for
whose traditional and habitual hostility they
are, as a class, no more responsible than the
peace commissioners themselves?
It is clearly a bounden duty, and should the
mission of General Howard result in tempting
some of the least hostile of the many bands,
as I hope it may, to go and remain upon the
reservations, there is so little doubt that the
major portion of the wild Apaches will have
to be dealt with by General Crook, even to
bring them to the President's own declared
policy, that Congress should so far as possible
strengthen the hands of that excellent officer,
who has the interests of humanity and peace
at heart quite as much as the peace commis-
sioners can have, and who has greatly the
advantage of those gentlemen in thoroughly
understanding the country and the Apache
question, which it is evident they do not and
will not from any stand-point that they are
likely to occupy.
If, as I have shown, the operations of Gen-
eral Crook are now suspended mainly, if not
wholly, from the lacli of appropriations, and
the Indians are making much of his inactivity,
the responsibility rests directly upon Congress.
Indeed, the responsibility for the unfortunate
and disgraceful state of affairs in Arizona
since its acquisition may justly be fixed upon
Congress. The indifference here shown to
the earnest appeals of the settlers for a rigor-
ous Indian policy, the inclination, despite an
array of facts to the contrary, to believe Ari-
zona wholly a barren and worthless possession,
and the delay in chartering the Pacific railroads
across the Territory, have all contributed to it.
So much, indeed, as there has been of settle
ment and development may be paid to have
been made in spite of rather than through
Government aid or encouragement.
On behalf of my constituents 1 thank the
generous State of California for these timely,
forcible, and suggestive resolutions, and espe-
cially for sending them to Congress; and I
most sincerely hope the important statements
they contain will be carefully considered, both
by the Committees on Military Affairs and all
the members of both Houses, and may serve
not only to attract attention to the vexatious
Apache question, but also to insure the adop-
tion of such measures as may be necessary to
hasten its final settlement and the establish-
ment of lasting peace where confusion and
strife have so long existed.
The Tariff.
SPEECH OF HON. 0.' N. LAMISON",
of ohio,
In the House op Representatives,
May 3, 1872.
The House being- in Committee of the Wliola on
the state of the Union, and. having under consider-
ation the bill (II. R. No. 2322) to reduce duties on
imports, and to reduoe internal taxes, and for othei
purposes—
Mr. RANDALL. I now yield what remains
of my time to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Lamison.]
Mr. LAMISON. Mr. Chairman, my first
duty is to return my thanks to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] for his
kindness in hurrying, as I fear he has, over
his interesting remarks, in order to enable
me, out of his time, to express my opposition
to this bill. I of course will not have time to
discuss the subjects presented in detail, and
will not, therefore, make the attempt. My
purposeJs simply to put on record my protest
against it, and I therefore announce now that
I will vote for every reduction that is proposed
while it is being considered by the eommittee,
and that unless I experience a change of mind,
which I now think almost if not quite impos-
sible, will vote against the bill itself when it
is put upon its final passage.
After an incubation of over four months the
Committee of Ways and Means has reported
the result of its labors on the subjects of the
tariff and internal revenue to this House.
How impatient the couutry had become at
this delay was, from time to time, sufficiently
evidenced by the frequent demands which
were made upon the committee for mtorma-
tion as to the causes of delay by members on
this floor. That the committee felt that this
impatience was not unreasonable was 89 com-
pletely and conclusively evidenced in th§ ap-
parent readiness with which the committee
replied to these demands, and in the earnest-
ness and candor with which they assured the
country that every branch of trade and indus-
try were being heard, in order that the com-
mittee might be able to accomplish its work
in such manner as would be acceptable to all
classes and bring the most ample and com-
plete relief. With these assurances we were
compelled to be content; and, tilled with the
hope that relief would be brought to our over-
taxed people, our languishing and almost
extinct commerce, all have waited—if not
patiently, have yet waited—for this report
of the committee. One week ago the com-
mittee reported the result of its long and
patient labors to this House, and the result is
before us, not in one, but in three bills, upon
the same subjects, differing from each other
not in principle, but in the degree only with
which each discriminates in favor of partic-
ular interests, each particular discrimination
taking its hue from the local interest predom-'
inating in the district or State represented by •
gentlemen who compose the committee, with
one or two honorable exceptions, aud in the
severity with which the burdens have, been
retained, from which the people have so long
demanded to be relieved.
When presenting the majority bill to the
House the other day the chairman of the com-
mittee [Mr. Dawes] eaid that the committee
had succeeded in reducing the amount to be
raised from import duties about eighteen mil-
lion dollars, aud the amount to be raised from
internal revenue about twelve million dollars—
thirty millions in all , and ihis sum represents
the extent of the reform ; this sura represents
the relief that has been brought to our people
by this bill. The Secretary ot the Treasury, in
his annual report recently published, says :
"The revenue from customs for the fiscal year
