1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3139
commerce might have some effect on the
Semite. I desire to remind the Senate that it
has very much increased since that date, aud
" since the establishment of this line.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Mich-
igan has so high a position in regard to ques-
tions of commerce in this body that I feel con-
strained to occupy a few minutes in reply to
what he has said. What he has said to'-day is
but a repetition of what he has said more than
once before. He linds in a report for 1870
what was the commerce between one town in
Australia, that is, Melbourne, and the Uni-
ted States, and that the whole amount was
thirty-five hundred and odd pounds, and upon
that he rests an argument. He also discovers
that for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871,
it was nearly thirty-seven hundred thousand
dollars, and upon those figures he rests an
argument, and his argument always is, that
there is no commerce there and never can
be. Why, Mr. President, this whole commerce,
all the relations between the United States
and Australia and New Zealand, are almost a
matter of yesterday. The trade is but m its
infancy. It has all its growing to do ; but
because 
Mr. CHANDLER. I suppose the Senator
does not wish to misrepresent me. I did not
state it was $3,700,000. It is under three
million dollars. He does not wish to enlarge
it. The whole commerce is about twenty-seven
hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. CASSERLY. As I supposed the Sen-
ator did not intend to read anything that was
not in the pape. before him, and as 1 have the
same paper in my hands, £ stated the figures as
they appear upon that same paper.
Mr. CHANDLER. The document from
which I read was the annual report of the
Bureau of Statistics, Executive Document No.
108. The figures are all official.
Mr. CASSERLY. Very good. This is no
new matter between myself and the Senator
from Michigan. I had occasion to correct him
once before about these figures. I am reading
from a letter of the Secretary of the Treasury
submitted to the House of Representatives on
the 21st of February, 1872, inclosing the re-
port of Edward Young, Chief of the Bureau of
Statistics, in regard to the subject of com-
merce between the United States and Austra-
lia for the two years ending June 30, 1870,
and June 30, 1871. The Senator supposes
that I do not wish to misrepresent him when
i read the same figures from the same report.
Of course I do not. 1 mean to do him more
than justice. He made an error in addition,
and I was willing to correct that by stating the
figures from the paper now in my hand; and
I repeat that the commerce for the year 1870
was about $3,700,000, and for the year 1871
it was about $3,650,000, a very few dollars
difference one way or the other; and I say
that is doing very well to commence with. A
commerce between two countries so far re-
moved does not grow up in a night, like
Jonah's gourd. It is a matter of time, of
communication, of relations.
Now, Mr. President, a remarkable fact in
connection with the people with whom this
line will bring us into relations is that proba-
bly they exhibit an amount of activity and a
consuming power with regard to products,
merchandise, unknown in the history of the
world in regard to the same number of people.
I take my statistics from the most authentic
book we have—Whittaker's Almanack for
1872.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tors time has expired.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Iproposean
amendment to come in after 
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I believe
I have spoken less than anybody who had any
interest in this question from the beginning,
and I should like very much to be permitted to
speak for five minutes longer.
Mr. MORTON. I hope the rule will be
enforced against everybody. I want to end
this bill to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from California move an amendment
to the amendment?
Mr. CASSERLY. Yes, sir; I move to strike
out the first word.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I prefer not
to yield to an amendment. I wish to offer
one, and if the Senator were to offer one now
a second one would not be in order. The \
Senator can speak to the amendment which I
shall offer, which will give him the same
opportunity.
Mr. CASSERLY. I move to strike out the
first word from my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont claims the floor, and
unless he yields it for that purpose, the Sen-
ator from California cannot offer the amend-
ment now.
Mr. NYE. I hope the Senator from Ver-
mont will let the Senator from California
go on.
Mr. CASSERLY. Of course, then, under
the circumstances, I must yield.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Sen-
ator from Vermont yields the Senator from
California moves to amend the amendment,
and will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I yield.
Mr. CASSERLY. There are less than two
million people in those colonies with which
this line brings us into communication, and
their total trade for the year 1871 runs up
to the astonishing amount of £50,000.000
sterling. We could better understand what
that means when I tell the Senate that at
the same rate the total trade, export and import
of the United States, would be $600,000,000,
whereas in point of fact it is about eleven
hundred and fifty millions, part currency and
part gold.
That, sir, is the trade that is offering itself
to us. Why offering itself to us ? Because
the hearts of those people are turning more
and more toward us and our republican insti-
tutions. They are to-day almost as much Amer-
ican as tliey are English. They are holding
out their hands to us. We have only to take
them and insure this commerce.
Why, sir, the passenger trade alone of peo-
ple going between Australia and England is
worth from five to six million dollars at the
least calculation. There is a bullion trade of
$38,000,000 which will always prefer, in days
when interest is so high, the more rapid tran-
sit, and our transit is more rapid than the;rs
by twelve or fourteen days. Gentlemen have
spoken of the transit by the Red sea. No-
body in his senses would take the Red sea
transit, when he could take our cool, pleasant,
wholesome transit over the summer seas be-
tween Australia and San Francisco, over our
great railroad, and over the Atlantic ocean to
England.
Mr. President, I do not care what may be
said about wool. Some of that may be, al-
though not so intended, merely •'pulling wool
over the eyes" of the Senate in regard to this
matter. [Laughter.] We do not care about
the wool question. But we send there every
day articles which are among the staple pro-
ducts of the United States; and we are also,
through this line, becoming the carriers to
Australia of Chinese products. The Senator
from Ohio called for a manifest of one of these
ships. 1 have one before me at this moment,
of the ship Montana, one of this line. What
do'l find there? I find beans; I find barley;
1 find Chinese merchandise—I am speaking of
the large quantities—cordage in coils; flour
in barrels and in sacks; hardware in pack-
ages, four hundred and eight packages; malt
in sacks; middlings, nails, oats, coal oil. the
product of Pennsylvania. I find raisins in
packages, rice in mats in large quantities ;
soap in boxes; sugar in all sorts of packages ;
sirup; tea in chests, tea in boxes, two hun-
dred and fifty of them; tea in barrels, sixty-
one. This American line is the carrier of the
products of China to Australia, and yet gen-
tlemen tell us there is nothing for a line to do.
Now. is it any consideration that the freight-
ing can be done from San Francisco to Aus-
tralia as cheaply as from the ports of the East?
This is a question that concerns you all in the
East, full as much as it does us. What we
ask you to give us is communication. Com-
munication goes before commerce. The more
communication, the more commerce. I say
here are two million people turning their hearts
to you, who are leaning to your institutions
and to your country. They have such a trade
as no two million people since the world began
ever had. They offer it to you. The question
is. will you take it ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California withdraws the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. My impres-
sion is that the longer these subsidies are dis-
cussed here, the more will be the public dis-
gust. I am a little surprised at th« shape of
this last amendment. It very nic-ly provides
that the Postmaster General may make a con-
tract with the parties now carrying the mail
or with some other party. Everybody will see
at once that it will be an impossibility for any
other party to put on a service instanter but
the parties who at present hold the contract
for the service. The Senator who has cbaige
of the bill accepted so far as he could, and it
was voted in. an amendment, that I offered to
a former part of the bill providing that these
contracts should be given out to the lowest
bidder. I move to amend this amendment by
inserting after the word ''parties'' the words
■'if they shall be tne lowest bidder, after sixty
days' public notice so that it will read :
And the Postmaster General is hereby authorized
and directed to contract with parties owning and
representing the United States, New Zealand, and
Australian tnail steamship line, or with any party
or parties, if they shall bo the lowest bidders after
sixty davs' public notice other than those embraced
within this act. and who are able to perform the
service, &c,
I understand the Senator from California
accepts this amendment to the amendment.
Mr. NYE. I ask the Senator from Cali-
fornia if that provision would not allow them
to contract with the English to carry the mail?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly ; to subsidize a
foreign line.
Mr. COLE. No, sir; they must be Ameri-
can vessels and built under the supervision of
the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. NYE. That is all I wanted to know.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am very
glad the Senator has accepted it, for that sat-
isfies me, so far as he is concerned at least,
that he does not intend this as a mere job to
give these parties the contract and nobody else.
Mr. CASSERLY. Will the Senator allow
me one word?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. CASSERLY. I supposed my amend-
ment as I offered it embodied that idea of let-
ting the contract to the lowest bidder, but of
course I have no objection to making such an
amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the amendment to the amend-
ment is accepted.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In order to
give other parties an opportunity to bid, there
should be a further amendment. Of course
there are no parties standing ready at once to
offer this service, and the same amendment
that was incorporated in the other part of the
hill ought to be inserted here. I therefore
move, after the word "mails." to insert '■ on
and after the l<t of October, 1873." 'That will
give time to build some vessels. If yon do
not have that provision, the whole of this
amounts to nothiugat all. You mustgive time
for other parties to construct suitable vessels,
or else you cannot have any competition.
