1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2245
only to pass the bill introduced by me, bat it is
its duty to do it. And we are only discharg-
ing a part of the duty we owe the nation as
its Representatives, when we judiciously vote
money for this purpose.
No member of this House should be fright-
ened from a performance of his duty by the
cry that " wo cannot afford it at this time."
Did we not when we were bleeding at every
pore, when we were in the very agony of de-
spair, when the very life of the nation was in
dire peril, undertake and by means of land
grants and subsidies carry on to completion
the most gigantic _ public improvement of an-
cient or modern times? No such cry as "We
are not able " was heard from the brave men
who aided this great enterprise in the shape
of the Pacific railroad. They aided it, and
kept on aiding it until they saw the hoof of
the iron horse strike fire from the flinty summit
of the Rocky mountains, and until they saw
him breathing forth from his nostrils fire and
smoke as he plunged down, down toward the
setting sun, until finally he landed unharmed
in the very golden gates of that great land be-
yond the mountains. Have they had to wait
for a vindication of their policy at the hands of
posterity? No ; the enterprise was too grand
for that; the work was too great for that.
The world in this age moves too rapidly,
and is too just for any such delay as this. The
plaudits ot millions of American freemen are
to-day sweet music in the ears of the men who
in that ca3e lend a helping hand to the pro-
gress and development of the nation. So it
will be with us if we are judicious in making
liberal appropriations of money for the erec-
tion of public buildings, and all other enter-
prises which will confer substantial benefits
on the people. The citizens of this nation,
not only of this generation, but those who are
to live in coming time, will bless us for our
efforts in behalf of the interest and welfare of
the people.
But you ask why should an appropriation
of this kind be made to St. Joseph? Listen
and I will tell you. Scarcely more than thirty
years ago there might have been seen passing
up the Missouri river from St. Louis, then but
a village comparatively, a gentleman of keen
percepiion, of great foresight, and of generous
impulses ; a man who desired to labor for
mankind rather than himself; one of those
bright ornaments of our race whose whole
heart and soul was engaged in the grand
object of benefiting his fellows. He had
traveled much. He was familiar with the
whole western country. He had seen the
Missouri far up in the mountains, even to
its very source. He had followed the banks
of the mighty Mississippi from its delta to
where it terminated in an insignificant lake.
He had been all over what is now the great
States of Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, Michigan,
Minnesota, Kansas, Nebraska, and Missouri.
He had seen the flags of France and Spain
disappear from that portion of our continent
which was destined to be ours, and he rejoiced
at it. The promptings of his great heart im-
pelled him to the idea that it was his duty to
assist in the development of the great West.
So, after trading with the Indians for some
years, he, like the patriarchs of old, determ-
ined to build a city, and thus rear an endur-
ing monument to his memory. He visited
many places to select a suitable site._ Among
others the place where the city of Chicago now
stands, and never was his keen perception
satisfied until his practical eye rested on the
fertile soil, the beautiful prairies, the fine tim-
ber lands, and the magnificent water-courses
of northwestern Missouri. There he beheld a
country now called "the Platte purchase,"
which thirty-five years ago was the home of
the Indian and the buffalo, but which is
now covered with beautiful farms, prosperous
towns, thriving villages, and_ great and grow-
ing cities, and the richness of the soil ot which
excels the far-famed valley of the Nile. Here
he at once saw that God and nature marked
out a place for a great city. Here he built a
city.
Need I tell any western man that I allude
to that hardy pioneer and grand old patriarch
of the West, Joseph Roubideaux? Need I
say to any man who has ever been in the
great State of Missouri that the city whose
foundations were laid by him is the one bear-
ing his name, the queen city of the Missouri
valley—St. Joseph? The old man has been
gathered to his fathers, but he has left a mon-
ument as enduring as time and as eternal as
the everlasting hills—a monument in the shape
of the bright, beautiful, prosperous, and ener-
getic city of St. Joseph, with her twenty-five
thousand people, who for energy, enterprise,
intelligence, and determination to win in the
mightly struggle of life cannot be excelled
anywhere on this continent—citizens who have
ever been ready to put their shoulders to the
wheel of fortune and push it forward.
This city, from the time its first foundation-
stone was laid by the hardy old frontiersman
to the present hour, has constantly gone on-
ward and upward. She was struck by the
thunderbolt of war, but the zeal and energy of
her citizens was unflagging. While her young
men went forth to battle in defense of our
nation, her old men were laying plans for a
grand strike forward in the race for supremacy
in the central Missouri valley. To-day we
behold her the second city in point of wealth
and enterprise in the great State of Missouri;
a city whose business men do a business which
in 1871 amounted to $25,000,000; a city whose
merchants last year sold of imported goods
alone 4,000,300 pounds of coffee, 1-14,000
pounds of tea, 3,994,493 pounds of sugar,
§150,000 worth of hardware and cutlcry, be-
sides a large amount of spices, dried fruits,
drugs, dry and fancy goods, tobacco, and cigars;
a city situated in the center of a district of
country traversed by the following important
lines of completed railroad: the Hannibal
and St. Joseph railroad, which crosses the
State and connects St. Joseph directly with
the State of Illinois and the city of Chicago,
being two hundred and six miles in length;
the Missouri Valley railroad, running from
St. Joseph directly north, crossing the rich and
beautiful counties of Andrew and Nodaway in
the State of Missouri, and penetrating the mag-
nificent country of southern Iowa, and connect-
ing with the Burlington and Missouri River
railroad, thus giving another line to Chicago;
the St. Joseph and Council Bluffs railroad,
running northward to Council Bluffs and con-
necting with the Union Pacific railroad at that
point, and running southward to Kansas City
and connecting us at that point with St. Louis,
southwest Missouri, southern Kansas, the In-
dian territory, and ultimately Texas, New Mex-
ico, and Arizona; the St. Louis and St. Joseph
railroad, which gives us a direct route to St.
Louis over the North Missouri railroad; the St.
Joseph and Denver railroad, which crosses the
river at St. Joseph, and runs directly west
through northern Kansas to a junction with
the Union Pacific at "Fort Kearney, Nebraska,
being when completed two hundred and forty-
seven miles in length, and which will be com-
pleted in October of the present year, and
when completed will place St. Joseph on almost
an air line of railroads connecting the Atlantic
with the Pacific sea-board, and giving a line of
railroad seventy miles shorter from the Mis-
souri river to Denver and the Rocky mount-
ains than any other line yet projected ; the
Central Branch Union Pacific railroad, which,
by the terms of its charter, starts^ from
St. Joseph and runs via Atchison. This road
connects us directly with the very heart of j
central Kansas. And 1 may mention other
railroads which have been projected and will
doubtless soon be built: the Burlington and
Southwestern road, from Burlington, Iowa ,to
St. Joseph, and the St. Joseph and Manhat-
tan road, from St. Joseph to Manhattan,
Kansas; these to connect with the Kansas
Pacific road. These roads have all been pro-
jected and very materially aided in their con-
struction by tho energy and enterprise of the
citizens of St. Joseph.
And all this has been done in the short space
of fifteen years. Nor is this all that has been
accomplished by the people of my city. They
have built up splendid blocks of business houses
that will co mpare favorably with houses of a like
character in any city. They have laid out and
improved streets. They have curbed the mighty
current of the surging Missouri river. Out of
their own pockets they have projected, and
have already half completed, a magnificent
railroad and wagon-road bridge across the
Missouri, thus uniting Kansas and Missouri
by the bonds of commerce more firmly than
ever could be done by simple legal enactments.
St. Joseph has six banking institutions,
which control a capital of many millions. She
is the great mart for the millions of bushels
of corn and wheat, and for the cattle, hogs,
horses, mules, and live stock of all kinds
brought to her from northern Missouri, south-
ern Iowa, northern Kansas, and southern
Nebraska. Notwithstanding her people have
been absorbed in the material development
of tho city and the country surrounding it,
they have not neglected the education of her
youth. Her free schools are not to bo excelled
anywhere ; her private institutions of learn-
ing are of the first order; and last,but not
least, notwithstanding her people have bent
every energy in the prosecution of public en-
terprises, she pays lier debts, and her credit
to-day in the money markets of the East is
first class, and her paper is "gilt-edged.
Then, can it be said that a city of this im-
portance does not require a Government
building? St. Joseph is already a port of
delivery, and her trade to-day demands that
she should be a port of entry. Besides, let
me say further, that for ten years the Govern-
ment of the United States has had its post
office iti one of the meanest buildings of the
city—a building that tho people became
ashamed of, and finally they went to work
and secured a creditable one, the Govern-
ment refusing to pay but $1,000 rent, the
people, in order to secure a building of suita-
ble character, and one that would reflect credit
on the city, and not be a disgrace to the Gov-
ernment, - paying the remainder of the rent,
amounting to about two thousand dollars addi-
tional.
Does this Government desire to impose this
additional tax on a people whose city pays
more revenue into the coffers of the Treasury
than any other city in the State, except^ St.
Louis? To do so appears to me to be a little
ungenerous, not to say unjust. And I am sat-
isfied that when members of thi3 House but
come to understand our wants and the re-
sources of our great country, they will be will-
ing to aid us and benefit the Government by
voting this appropriation that, is now asked for.
And particularly will they be willing to do
this when they remember that I stand Here as
the dircct and immediate Representative on
this floor of 200,521 people, in whose name I
ask this appropriation. Why, sir, wc find in
this district (only one of the nine Hi the State)
more people than are in tho whole States ot
Nevada and Delaware combined; almost as
many as are in the States of Delaware and
Oregon combined; almost two thirds as
many as the entire population of Vermont;
almost twicc as many as are in the State of
Nebraska; xaoro than there &re *** entire
State of Florida; almost as many as there arc
in the entire State of Rhode Island 5 alicost
half as many as there are in the- State of West
Virginia; almost two thirds as many as there
are in the State of Kansas; almost one third as
many as there are in Maine, and one fourth
as many as there are in the entire State of
^6Now, this population is one which appears
