1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
but before that is done, I desire to say that I
have considered the suggestions of the Sen-
ator from New Jersey [Mr. FREUWGHUYSEsr]
made last evening by way of amendment, and
have substantially adopted them. I now send
to the Chair my amendment as amended, with
also some slight verbal changes that I have
made in it, and I ask to have it printed in this
form.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be regarded as modified, and in the modi-
fied shape take the place of the previous amend-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly ; the whole being,
as I understand it, still in my hands.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is. The Sen-
ator has a right to modify his amendment, and
does modify it. It will be ordered to be printed
if there be no objection. It is so ordered. The
Senator from Massachusetts now yields to the
Senator from. Wisconsin, who asks that the
pending business be informally passed over
for the purpose of considering the resolution
offered by himself; and the Chair will again
state, as he did a few days since, that the un-
finished business must be called up by some
Senator prior to the adjournment of the Senate
to-day or prior to its going into executive ses-
sion, as whatever the Senate adjourns upon
will be the unfinished business. There appears
to be no objection; and the resolution of the
Senator from Wisconsin will be taken up.
POWER OF APPOINTMENT.
The Senate proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing resolution, submitted by Mr. Carpen-
ter on the 10th instant:
Whereas the Constitution of tho United States
requires tho President to nominate, and by and with
tho advice and consentof the Senato to appoint, all
officers of the United States whoso appointments are
not in said Constitution otherwise provided for, and
which shall bo established by law, subject to the
power of Congress by law to vest the appointment
of such inferior officers as they may think proper in
the President alone, in tho courts of law, or in the
heads of Departments: Therefore,
llesolved, That any law or regulation which is
designed to relievo tho Presidont, and in the cases
pertaining to them the courts of law or heads of
Departments, of tho full responsibility of such
nominations or appointments, is in violation of the
Constitution.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, it has
been announced by at least one Washington
correspondent that I am to address the Sen-
ate in opposition to what is cunningly styled
"civil service reform;" and that I am to
attack it not by reason, but by ridicule. I
expect to be abused from one end of the
Union to the other for asserting, or even
suggesting, that the press do not understand a
man's intentions better than he understands
them himself. Nevertheless, sir, 1 assure the
Senate that if I were complete master of those
weapons of discussion known as irony and sar-
casm, this is not an occasion upon which I
should employ them.
I am an humble yet faithful member of the
Republican party. I am a sincere supporter of
the present Administration. I am a loyal and
ardent friend of General Grant; so ardent and
loyal that, if need be, I would even forfeit his
friendship to warn him against a fatal or even
dangerous or mistaken step. I deeply regret
the recent message sent by the President to
Congress, adopting the rules recommended by
the " civil service" board. It pledges the
President to a line of official conduct which
in my belief is altogether unconstitutional; a
line of conduct which, if not unconstitutional,
will, if adhered to, prove most pernicious in
results. And while I feel bound by every con-
sideration to enter my protest and raise a warn-
ing voice, I feel no inclination to heap ridicule
upon this measure, or to treat it or its authors
otherwise than with entire respect. It must
be admitted that the clamor raised upon this
subject has affected the public mind, and I
both appreciate and honor the motives of the
President in attempting to oxecute what just
at present seems tobc the popular wish. In
his inaugural he said that the surest way to
procure the repeal of an objectionable law was
to execute it faithfully. lie may have con-
cluded that the surest way to cure the people
of all desire to embrace the modern theories
in regard to civil service wa3 to put those the-
ories into execution until the people should
cry, "Enough!"
Still, I feel that the President has yielded
too easily, and that, in his desire to obey the
popular voice, he has surrendered principles
which the people, when they come to reflect
upon the subject, will determine ought to be
maintained. Ithas been charged by the press
that General Grant is employing the patron-
age of the Government to secure his reelection.
If in this matter he thought at all of himself,
he undoubtedly thought he could allow them,
many advantages and still defeat his enemies.
I have no doubt of this; but General Grant is
at present holding in trust a great govern-
mental office, which must hereafter be occu-
pied by men who will not possess the personal
popularity he enjoys, and therefore will not
be as able as he is to breast a temporary
storm in order to vindicate a great principle.
The sudden impulses of a democracy are
often wrong. "The sober second thought of
the people is always right." But it often hap-
pens that a public man is compelled to act in
sudden emergencies—act while some popular
delusion is ruling the hour ; and it may some
time happen that he may find his head in the
basket before the sober second thought, the
calm deliberate judgment of the people, can
be obtained.
" Self-preservation is the first law of nature."
And a Senator, if he may not be excused, is
at least entitled to whatever of palliation may
result from this law, when he yields to a tem-
porary frenzy of popular sentiment against the
convictions of his own judgment and the voice
of his conscience. He may seek shelter in the
theory that the people are sovereign, the rep-
resentative but a servant, and it may seem to
follow that the people cannot complain that a
Senator has executed their will, no matter
how disastrous the results may be. To a Sen-
ator ambitious of reelection it must always be
a temptation to yield to the latest and loudes-t
popular cry; a temptation which may, indeed,
be resisted and overcome by that steadfast
virtue which sustains the martyr amid crack-
lingfagots; the virtue which, I trust, will always
be found in this conservative body of the
Republic.
But, as I am probably the only Senator who
could not be reelected if he desired to be,
there seems to be a special obligation resting
upon me to act independently during the brief
term I have to serve in the Senate.
The Senator from Massachusetts on my
right [Mr. Sumner] has proposed an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States
disfranchising any citizen who shall have
served one constitutional term as President.
The fourteenth amendment disfranchises Jef-
ferson Davis ; but provides that Congress, by
a two-thirds vote, may relieve him from dis-
ability. The Senator from Massachusetts pro-
poses to disfranchise General Grant without
providing that Congress may even by a unani-
mous vote restore him to eligibility. When
that resolution shall come iip again for consid-
eration, I understand that a Senator intends
to move an amendment to it, providing—
That no person, shali be entitled to a seat in
either House of Congress who shall have served one
constitutional term therein.
And—
That no person shall hold or exercise any office
of honor, profit, or trust under the United States, or
any State, who shall have held any such office or
offices for six years in all; butthat every citizen who
shall have served as aforesaid shall be forever there-
after distrusted and disfranchised.
Thus visiting upon every person who shall
have so offended the extreme penalty imposed
by the fourteenth amendment upon the most
guilty of the traitors who sought to overthrow
the Government in the late rebellion. And I
expect that the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, if he is convinced that one term of
public service is sufficient to undermine the
integrity of any man, as is inferable from his
proposed amendment, will not only accept this
amendment, but will take his hat and leave the
Chamber without even requiring' a vote of the
Senate.
I expect this because I know that, Sen-
ator is too devoted to principle to violate it in
his own person, and if it be an evil for any
public servant to _ serve for more than one
term, I know he will redress the wrong so far
as himself is concerned. It will indeed be a
calamity for the Senate to lose the benefit of
his experience and wisdom; but this is an era
of principles, and practical inconveniences are
not to be weighed for a moment against the
sublimity of a dogma.
All hail, one-term principle.
Earewell, Senator from Massachusetts I
I am anticipating a sorrowful parting, the
grief of which will only be softened and re-
lieved by whatever consolation may result from
the reflection that the Senator from Massachu-
setts has laid down his official life to illustrate
his political principles.
Mr.President, in politics "wordsare things."
"Civil service reform" is a cunning catchword.
Whoever is not in favor of reform must be in
favor of abuses. This is the rapid logic by
which some men hope to conceal (heir real
purposes and commit us to ideas and theories
which belong to monarchical governments.
But change is not necessarily reform ; and
there is a wisdom fortified by the instincts of
nature, teaching us that "it is better to bear
tho ills we have, than fly to others that we
know not of."
The Government is necessarily of delicate
and complicated mechanism ; and the com-
monest prudence dictates that no alteration
should be made in a system which, as a whole,
has answered well its ends without at least a
very strong probability of improvement and
benefit.
The great principle upon which our Govern-
ment rests, the philosophy which supports all
free institutions, is that tho powers of sov-
ereignty should be so distributed among differ-
ent officers and bodies that each department
shall operate as a check upon the others, and
the concurrence of all be indispensable to the
Government's proceeding at all.
The scheme which our fathers devised was
a distribution of these powers among three
great departments, legislative, judicial, and
executive; three great, independent, coor-
dinate departments. When this had been
agreed upon, the practical question to be
settled was, What proportion of sovereign
powers should be conferred upon each so as
to secure the power of each to vindicate its
proper authority against ihe encroachments
of the others : and this was felt and found to
be a most delicate and difficult problem. No
frame of free government on a large scale was
before them for a model, and guided only by
general principles, they were compelled to
devise new insttumenfalities.
Our fathers were Englishmen ; the history
of England was specially familiar to them.
All tho liberties of Englishmen had been
wrested by Parliament, supported by the peo-
ple, from the kings of England. Executive
power was the object of their keenest suspicion
and distrust. In the Declaration of Inde-
pendence all the wrongs complained of were
charged upon the king of liingland. That
celebrated document contains twenty-six arti-
cles of impeachment against the king; none
whatever against the Parliament of Great
Britain. When it was found necessary to
complain of the laws by which the colonies
had been plundered and oppressed, it was
said:
"lie[the king] has combined with others to sub-
ject us to a jurisdiction foreign to our constitution,
and unacknowledged by our laws; giving his assent
to their acts of pretended legislation," &c.
