11872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3141
established language in our navigation laws.
f~- Our Bailors under them are naturalized, or
have declared their intention to become such,
and may for certain purposes take their place
as quasi American citizens.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely wish to call the
attention of the Senate (not of the country,
because I am not occupying any such attitude
as warrants me in calling the attention of the
country to anything) to the fact, and there is
no way of getting around it, that this clause
enables the operation of this bill to work in
favor of foreigners to whom you leave the
option, which you cannot control, of becoming
citizens or not as they please; for having de-
clared their intention, they are under no obli-
gation to carry it out. if we are to take this
money out of the Treasury, there is not any
great difference in my mind between giving it
to a foreigner and giving it to an American
citizen. An American citizen has no more
claim on the Treasury than a foreigner, in my
opinion. The money is the money of the peo-
ple, and if you are to take the money of the
people and give it away, you may as well give
it to one man as another, for aught I know.
But, however that may be, I merely wish to
point it out, so that hereafter we shall not say
our attention wasuot called to it, that you are
providing for an operation here into which any
foieigner may enter if he only chooses to
declare that he means at some indefinite time,
say fifty years hence, to become a citizen of
the United States ; because, let me tell the
Senator from Ohio, the naturalization laws
do not require a man who has declared his
intention to become a citizen, to become one,
and he may fifty years afterward carry out
that intention or not as he pleases, and all the
time he stands as a man who has declared his
intention and is perfectly safe : that is to say,
he is out of the citizenship, or in it, just as is
most convenient for him. If you wish to en-
courage trading on this sort of thing, this is a
very good way to doit.
Mr. COLE. I understand the Senator from
Vermont, in effect, to move that those words
he stricken out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, I do not make any
motion at all; I merely point out the fact.
Mr. COLE. I say " in effect," and if it
will be more agreeable to the Senator, or any
other Senator, 1 certainly should interpose no
objection to having them stricken out. I
move that those words be stricken out.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall not delay the bill
by objecting. All I have to say is that that
provision is precisely the same as was inserted
by a general concurrence, if not the unani-
mous vote, of the Senate in regard to the
other two postal services provided for in the
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How does that alter the
principle?
Mr. CASSERLY. It alters the principle
to this extent, that the Senate has already
adopted a certain policy in regard to the other
two lines, and it seems to me it should apply
it to this also.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is. because you
have done one wrong thing you must do two.
^Mr. CASSERLY. The question is whether
it is wrong.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then argue it on thnt
ground.
Mr. COLE. I do not think it at all essential
either one way or the other. If any Senator
has a wish in regard to it, I am willing to carry
it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California [Mr. Cole] moves to amend
the amendment by striking out the words '' or
persons who have declared their intention to
become cirizens."
Mr. POMEROY. Those words, "persons
who have declared their intention to become
citizens," have become incorporated in a great
many of our statutes, and they do have some
meaning. Senators seem to think they do not
mean anything; but in my State and in all the
western States persons who have declared their
intentions can vote; they can enter public
lands; they have a status as citizens in the
courts; and that is about the only thing they
ever do. They become citizens without ever
doing any more than declaring their intention.
They grow up in the new country as citizens,
and have all the rights of citizens by simply
declaring their intention to become such. I
think these words had better remain in the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What my friend from
; Kansas speaks of relates to the rights of a eiti-
! zen in a State, and the only reason why these
; foreigners can vote in a State (and it, is a viola-
; tionofthe Constitution of the United Statesin
I principle then) is that the Constitution de-
clares that those who are voters for the most
| numerous branch of the State Legislature may
' vote for members of Congress. That is how
: it happens that a State has authority to determ-
I ine that persons may vote although they are
[ not naturalized. That is, in effect, a violation
; of the Constitution of the United States, as has
j been sometimes decided; always, I believe,
: when the question has been brought up. But
j here we are acting ourselves under the Consti-
tution of the United States alone, and if it is
i part of our theory to give this subsidy to Amer-
| ican citizens and to protect American com-
i merce as distinguished from foreign commerce,
I then you ought to strike out these words, be-
| cause if they are in you enable every foreigner,
j by a very slight ceremony, which does not
| trouble him and his foreign relations at all, to
j compete with you.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
i tion is on the amendment offered by the Sen-
| ator from California, striking out certain words.
I The amendment to the amendment was
I agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is an-
other amendment that I desire to offer, which I
hope the Senator from California will accept.
There is a nice little thing wrapped up in the
small print at the end of the amendment as
proposed which extends this service in almost
any manner for a year, accepting any kind of
vessels and any kind of service, and makes an
appropriation for it. I move to strike out the
last paragraph at the bottom of the amend-
ment in the small print.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Vermont moves to amend theamend-
ment by striking out the following clause :
And a sufficient sum is hereby appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated to pay for the extended service that may
be performed under such extension prior to July 1,
1873.
The amendment to the amendment, was
agreed to.
Mr. WEST. How much money, I ask the
Secretary, is appropriated by this bill for the
Australian mail service?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposes to appropriate $425,000 per
annum. '
Mr. WEST. I have another amendment to
offer, to add the following proviso :
Provided ahto, That pending a permanent con-
tract from the period named the Postmaster Gen-
eral shall make a contract for temporary service,
the expense of which shall not exceed the rate lim-
ited for the permanent service.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Thatis merely
to provide that any old hulk may be drawn
into the service, and is to reenact what has
just been stricken out of the amendment. I
trust it. will not be adopted.
Mr. WEST. It certainly was not my in-
tention to provide for the employment of any
old hulk. It is to be presumed that the Post-
master General, having authority to make
this contract, would certainly require a com-
pliance with the terms of the law for a perma-
nent contract. Otherwise, if is reflecting on
the Postmaster General to say that for a tem-
porary service he would take any indifferent
vessels. These vessels are running now, I
understand, at the present time; and in order
that we may keep them alive, which is the sole
object of this amendment from beginning to
end, the proposition is to make a temporary
service pending the permanent service, which
will be let out to the lowest bidder.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, And the
whole theory of the amendment as it now
stands is that the Postmaster General shall
make the contract with the lowest bidder, and
time is given for the building of the vessels;
but this proposition, a very small one, leaves
it entirely optional with the Postmaster Gen-
eral to make any kind of contract for tempo-
rary service for a year to come and until a
permanent, contract shall be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment,
offered by the Senator from Louisiana.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think we
have now got the amendment in such a nice
shape that it is just fit to lay on the table, and
I therefore move to lay the whole amendment
on the table.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us settle it by yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COOPER. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Mor-
rill.] If he were here he would vote '' nay,"
and 1 should vote " yea."
Mr. LEWIS. I am paired with the Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Saolsbury.] He would
vote "yea," and I should vote '"nay."
Mr. WEST. T am paired on this amend-
ment with the Senator from Kentneky. [Mr.
Stevenson.] He is opposed to the proposi-
tion, and I am in favor of it. *
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 21 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bore-
ma.n, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter,
Chandler, Conkling, Edmunds, Flanagan. Freling-
huysen, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Ham-
ilton of Texas, Harlan, Johnston, Morrill of Ver-
mont, Norwood, Pratt, Schurz, Scott, Sherman,
Sprague, Trumbull, and Vickers—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Casserly, Clayton, Cole. Corbett,
Davis of West Virginia, Fenton. Ferry of Michigan,
Hamlin, Keliogg, Kelly, Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy,
Pool, Rico, Sawyer, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,
"Wilson, and Windorn—21.
ABSENT — Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Brownlow,
Cooper, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Gilbert, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Lewis,
Jjogan, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Patterson, Ram-
sey. Hansom, .Robertson, Sauisbury, Spencer, Ste-
venson, Thurman, Tipton, West, and Wright—26.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the amend-
ment was laid upon the table.
Mr. VICKERS. I offer an amendment to
come in after that provision requiring the
Government to pay for the vessels which it
takes:
Provided. That the value of all vessels shall be
ascertained by the appointment of appraisers to bo
appointed by the owners and Secretary of the Navy;
and if the owners shall refuse to make such appoint-
ment after due notice, the Secretary of the Navy
may appoint all the appraisers.
Mr. POMEROY. That is inconsistent with
the provision that is already in the bill, that
the Government shall not pay more than the
original cost of the vessels. What is in the
bill now should be stricken out if this is to be
inserted.
Mr. VICKERS. I do not wish that stricken
out at all. I only wish this added as an amend-
ment to that.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know that it is
inconsistent; but I thought it was.
Mr. VICKERS. It. is only to provide a
mode of ascertaining the value of the vessels.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought, when we put
in the provision that the Government, should
not pay more than the cost of the vessel, it
was a sort of implication that they should
pay all the cost.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No matter how old the
vessel was.
Mr. POMEROY. I thought it was an
