1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
42  Cong....2d Sess.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Alcorn.
Senate.
the South, I sent a dispatch to the delegation
from the State of Mississippi, which I will
read:
Jackson, April 2.
Gentlemen: Lest the Government should be led
astuiy by the reckless statements published in
northern newspapers, on the information of irre-
sponsible parties, and by other misrepresentations,
I feel it my duty, as Governor of this State, to
bring under your knowledge the following facts. I
have belore me the official returns, furnished by
the auditor of public accounts, of the inquest claims
presented and allowed in Mississippi for the last two
years.
it'or twelv* months of military government, end-
ing March, 1870, they number sixty-two. For twelve
months of civil government, ending: March 18,
1871, they number precisely the same lor the whole
year, including the transition in. the popular mind
from force to law. The civil power has been fully
as successful as the bayonet in protecting life. In
the last six months of each of the two year* under
comparison the number of murders thus shown was
follows: under military government, forty-one; as
whereas the number under civil government was
but nineteen. While we thus see the military rale
go on in an inorease of crime which points to the
presumption that it would lead to anarchy, we see
tho civil rule go on in a decrease of crime which
points to the presumption that it will load to Abso-
lute repose. X speak for only my own State,
J. L. ALCORN,
Governor of Mississippi.
Hon. A. Ames. United Stales Senate, and Hons. G. E,
Harms, J. jU Mobphis, H. W. Barky, G. 0. Mc-
Kek, and L. \V. Pekoe, members tithe Monte.
That dispatch brought down upon my head
the violent denunciations of members of Con-
gress of the United Slates both in the House
of Representatives and in the Senate. A
suckling candidate, at least one who is now a
suckling canuidate, for the Presidency, under
took to read me out of the Republican party
on account of the statement that I made with
regard to the affairs of Mississippi. An order
of excommunication seemed about to be
passed against me by that famous editor
reading me out of the party, because of the
fact that I spoke in defense of the people
ot Mississippi, in the effort to circumscribe
within the limits of truth the exaggerated
accountB of the violence that existed in the
State. But apostolic in the faith though that
suckling President be, and apostate to it
though I be, my impatience to study Repub-
lican unity at his feet must not hurry me into
the indecorum of disturbing his devotions
in his present struggle with the world, the
flesh, and the devil, in the covert crypts and
secret cloisters that lead out for the medita-
tions of the faithful from the conventicle of
Cincinnati.
A member of the House of Representatives—
and I presume I have the right to speak of
that which is now upon the Journals and be-
fore me—passed in review upon my statement
of facts. 1 could not understand why a dis-
patch which, however objectionable to faction,
was so plainly within the limits of public vir-
tue, had exposed me to be treated by that hon-
orable gentleman as though I were—to para-
phrase a general order notorioss even in
Europe—a politician of the town plying my
trade. I could not understand this, sir, unless,
indeed, I were to subscribe to the revolting
belief that men there are in high place so coarse
of nature as to hold all virtue, public as well
as private, of men as well as of women, in
contempt.
This Representative from Massachusetts
read letters in attestation of his allegations
or'anarchy in Mississippi. One of these was
written, he stated, by a distinguished citizen
of Mississippi—one, I presame, of the pe-
trels who follow in the wake of the ship of
State and struggle desperately still to maintain
their ill omened flight on the wings of subsid-
ing storm. Another was from a colored man
identified by birth and affection with the peo-
ple ot the South. Withholding the name of
iho distinguished citizen of three or four
months' standing, on the plea that by its pub-
lication the life of the said citizen would not
be safe for an hour, this humanitarian from
Massachusetts did not hesitate to risk the life
of his other correspondent, Aaron Moore.
And my friend Aaron is, I think, justified in
protesting, as he did at the time in a letter to
me, that he should have been made the sub-
ject of any such invidious distinction of race,
color, or previous condition.
Aaron Moore, I dare affirm, never wrote the
letter for which he has been made responsible.
If left to the better instincts of his nature he
would never have thought of invoking martial
law for crushing his life-longneighbors—would
never have thought of it i? he had not been
tempted to it by some of those Ishmaelites
whose connection with Mississippi depends on
a return to the government of the sword.
The Senator trom Mississippi, who then
stood alone representing the State here,
[Mr. Ames,] saw proper to arraign me before
this body upon the statements of my dis-
patch.
My colleague, sir, has proved himself a gal
lant soldier. He is, 1 make no doubt, a gentle-
man and man of honor. But he stands here, 1
regret to say, a representative of the class of
men who occupy positions under the abnormal
condition of things incident to revolution. No
one present supposes that he could by any pos-
sibility become clothed with the honor of rep-
resenting Mississippi in this Chamber in a
period of repose and concord. The senatorial
toga flung upon his shoulders before he had
taken off his soldiers' coat, he was admitted
here, sir, an exceptional precedent—a sort of
brevet brigadier Senator. If his civil-military
honors are not to pass away forever, he knows
full well that the revolution under which they
have been obtained must be kept going. In the
duty which demands these statements I regret
to be constrained to say that the gentleman
most be therefore held open to some distrust
of his anxiety for such a complete return to
order and harmony in Mississippi as is de-
manded by the best interests of the masses of
the American people.
My colleague is not connected with my
State by any of the tics which make up the
genuineness, the reality of representation.
He is not a citizen of Mississippi. He has
never contributed a dollar to her taxes. He
is not identified with her to the extent of even
a technical residence. An official fiction in
the Congressional Directory assigns him, it
is true, a residence in that State at Natchez,
but if I am correctly informed he was six
months here before he had ever seen that city,
and to this good hour he never has been iden-
tified with its interests to the extent of even
the washing of a shirt. [Laughter.]
Mr. AMES. Will my colleague allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. ALCORN. Certainly.
Mr. AMES. The statement he now makes
about my being here six months before I ever
saw Natchez is not true. It may be well for
me to interrupt him here and correct him so
far; and I shall interrupt him from time to
time, as I have no doubt he is willing to be
corrected.
Mr. ALCORN. Very well. Then as the
gentleman says he had visited Natchez. I ask
him to respond to the interrogatory which I
now put, and answer me whether he has ever
had a residence in Natchez, and what length
of time he has ever spent in that city?
Mr. AMES. My colleague since he has
been here has talked about himself all the
time, I believe, until to-night; and now he
refers to me. I shall be very glad to reply to
him in due time.
Mr. ALCORN. Very well; I affirm the
fact to be that so far as the Senator from Mis-
sissippi is concerned he has no residence in
the State, that he never has had a residence
in the State, and that he holds his position
here to-day in the Senate by the grace of this
body, and not by reason of any citizenship or
residence that he holds in Mississippi.
Butj sir, I do not propose to follow that
question. I propose to speak of the repre-
sentations that were made with regard to th'
people of the State from which I come. The
Senator who represented those people at that
time denounced them here as murderers who
disregarded the rights of the colored people
of that State. He declared that it was neces-
sary to place this law in force in order to bold
in subjection the people of Mississippi. I
propose to meet that charge to night, aud to
show that it has no foundation in fact.
When I was about to be nominated by the
Republican party as its ■ candidate for Gov-
ernor, traveling upon the cafa going to the
city of Jackson, a colored man was put Cat
of the gentlemen's car on account of his color,
and made to go into the smoking-car. This
was while the dominion of the bayonet was in
its full force in the State. When I was Gov-
ernor of Mississippi, and at the time the Sen-
ator stood here exaggerating the charges made
against her citizens on account of their vio-
lence, the colored people were riding in the
cars indiscriminately, and without any resist-
ance whatever on the part of the white popu-
lation.
More than that,, while the bayonet was in
force in the State of Mississippi, in the
county of Sunflower, the Senator's sheriff
and clerk were not able to collect the taxes!
They were penned up in the court-house
for days at a time, and were not able to
go outside without a guard of soldiers.
Riots were continuous all over the county.
The sheriff and olerk were fired upon in
the court-house, and had to barricade them-
selves over night. The sheriff escaped from
the violence of the people, and came to
Jackson, and appealed to the Senator, who
was then governing the State, for protection.
Such was the working of his model govern-
ment of military power in the county of
Sunflower.
1 became Governor of the State. I reap-
pointed the same sheriff and the same clerk.
The people applied to me to appoint others
in their stead, but I said to them, "I will
not appoint any except those who have been
heretofore appointed over you; you must
give me an evidence of your obedience to
the law; 'and when you have shown me
that you are ready to yield obedience to the
law, if there is anything wrong with regard
to those officers I will make the amende that
is necessary for your protection and for your
security." They went home. The same
sheriff and the same clerk, as I said be-
fore, were appointed by me, and from that
day to this there has not been a single act of
violence in Sunflower. The taxes have been
collected in that county as they have been col-
lected in all the other counties. Not a single
murder, so far as I am acquainted with the
facts, has occurred in the county of Sunflower
from that day to this 1
In another county, Tallahatchie, the Sena-
tor at that time being military governor of
the State, his executive officers were driven
again and again from the county by armed
violence. After I had become Governor I
appointed officers in that countyt and from
that day to this there has not been a single act
of violence in the county of Tallahatchie—-
not one of any signification politically. I
can call to mind but one that could be said
to be such by straining. The colored people
go there without restraint. They exercise
and discharge the duties of citizens without
restraint. i  all that portion of the State,
in all the State except upon the eastern bor-
der, there has not been a period within the
laBt twenty five years when the reign of order
