4o4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
concluding, in relation to the laws which had
been passed, as well as the acta of the king
himself—
"A prince whose characteris thusmarked by every
act which can define a tyrant, is unfit to be the ruler
of a free people."
The British theory is that " the king can do
110 wrong." The theory of the Declaration
of Independence is that the king is answerable
for all wrongs committed by the Government.
In this mood, and entertaining these views, it
wa3 to be expected that our lathers, in fram-
ing a Government for themselves, would take
care to keep executive power well under con-
trol ; and the fact corresponds with this ex-
pectation. Of the three departments of our
Government the executive is by far the
weakest.
The great predominant power of the Gov-
ernment is, as it should be, the legislative
department. It possesses not only all the
powers which are legislative in character, but
the Senate participates with the President in
exercisingthe executive power of making trea-
ties, and appointing and removing all officers
of the Government, except those whose ap-
pointment may be conferred by Congress upun
the courts of law and heads of Departments.
Congress, to the exclusion of the President,
possesses the kingly prerogative of declaring
war and concluding peace, coining money, and
many other powers executive in character, and
which are the prerogatives of the king under
the English consiitution. And over and above
all, more important and comprehensive than
all. Congress rony "make all laws which shall
be necessary and proper for carrying into exe-
cution " "all powers vested by the Constitu-
tion" in the Government of the United States,
or "in anv department or officer thereof."
The judicial department possesses the power,
unknown in former Governments, to declare
a legislative act void for incompatibility with
the Constitution. And by the separation of
the judges from the contamination of politics,
and in consequence of their high character
and great influence, their life tenure, and from
the habitual reverence of our people for the
judgments of our judicialcourts. the power of
Unit department is sufficiently assured.
The President—
1. Is Commander-in-Chief of the Army and
Navy :
2. He may receive embassadors and other
foreign ministers, but cannot conclude treaties
with them ;
3. He has the pardoning power;
" 4. lie has a qualified veto power;
5. He has, concurrently with the Senate,
the appointing power ; and
6. He must take care that the laws be faith-
fully executed.
These are the only important powers con-
ferred upon the President. And it is not diffi-
cult to see that in a contest with Congress the
President is next to powerless.
1. The command of the Army and Navy
amounts to nothing, for Congress may abolish
and disband both in an hour.
2. Receiving embassadors and other for-
eign ministers, with whom he cannot conclude
treaties, mere ceremony.
3. The pardoning power touches only crim-
inals and their rela ives.
4. The qualified veto power may always be
overcome hy Congress; and during the last
ten years has been overcome in almost every
instance.
5. In executing the laws the President is
the mere agent of Congress, who make the
laws.
So that the appointing power, the patronage
of the Government, as it is called, is the only
power of the presidential office which con-
nects the President wiili the people ; the only
staff he has to lean upon when assailed by the
encroachments of the legislative department.
Take this away, and the President is only the
high constable of the Republic, and practically
as powerless as the constable of a ward in
Milwaukee.
And yet, as I have already remarked, in
framing the Constitution it was conceded on
all hands to be indispensable that the execu-
tive department should be clothed with such
powers as would enable it to withstand any
attempted encroachment by the legislative de-
partment. And it is apparent that the only
important power vested in the executive de-
partment is that which relates to the patronage
of the Government.
The Constitution provides that the Presi-
dent—
" Shall nominate, and by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate shall appoint,^embassadors,
other public ministers, and consuls, judges of the
Supreme Court, and all other officers of the United
States, whose appointments are notherein otherwise
provided for, and which shall be established by law.
But the Congress may by law vest the appointment
of such inferior olficers as they think proper in the
President alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads
of Departments."
Congress, by the act regulating the tenure
of civil office, has already made it impossi-
ble for the President to remove any officer
appointed by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate without first obtaining the con-
sent of the Senate to such removal. And Con-
gress may to-morrow repeal all laws which
vest powers of appointment in the President
alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads of
Departments, and thus bring every officer of
the Government, from the highest to the low-
est, within the operation of the civil office
tenure act. I believe that act to be consti-
tutional ; but it must be confessed that it
exhausts the constitutional power of Congress
upon this subject, and touches the extreme
verge of propriety, and in the opinion of many
good men far transcends the limits of both.
This is the power, limited and regulated by
Constitution and laws, which it is proposed
further to regulate and hamper by what is j
styled " civil service reform."
I am aware that during the administration
of General Jackson some of our ablest states-
men expressed the fear that this power would ,
give an undue preponderance to the execu- j
tive department; but the experience of our ■
time has dispelled those fears. During the late ;
war, when the Government was compelled to .
maintain an army and navy of gigantic dimen- j
sions, the patronage of the Government in ;
appointing officers and making contracts was
swollen to its utmost limit, and the necessi-
ties of the Government induced our people to
acquiesce in the exercise by the executive
department of many powers unheard of be-
fore, and which the people would never sub-
mit to in times of peace. And yet so far from
the President having by these circumstances
acquired prestige and powers which rendered
him dangerous to the people, or threatened
the independence of the other departments
of the Government, the world, wifhin three
years after the termination of the war, saw the
President arraigned as a culprit at the bar of
the Senate.
But let ue return to examine, a little more
in detail, the nature and extent of the appoint-
ing power, as vested by the Constitution in the
President. The sole power of nomination is
vested in him. The Senate may, indeed, say-
that the nominee shall not be appointed, but
cannot propose a candidate of its own selec-
tion, or in any way limit the field from which
the President is to nominate. The Constitu-
tion imposes upon the President the responsi-
bility, and confers upon him the influence and
strength which result from the power to nom-
inate. And any act of Congress or regulation
of the executive department which has the
practical effect to shelter the President from
this responsibility or deprive him of this power
is in violation of the spirit of the Constitution.
The Constitution was intended to secure
results, and any law or regulation which, in
its practical operation, defeats any end con-
templated by th« Constitution is unconstitu-
tional. If authorities be needed to support
so plain a proposition, they may be found in
the reasoning and judgment of the Supreme
Court of the United States in the cases of
Green vs. Biddle, (8 Wheaton, 1;) Bronson vs.
Kinzie, (1 How., 311;) McCracken vs. Hay-
ward. (2 How., 608;) the passenger cases, (7
How., 283.)
In the light of these general principles, and
of the constitutional provisions before quoted,
I come to consider this proposed scheme of
civil service reform.
Congress by the act of March 3, 1871, enti-
tled " An act making appropriation for sundry
civil expenses of the Government," &c., pro-
vided as follows:
. " That the President of the United States be, and
he is hereby, authorized to prescribe such rules and
regulations for the admission of persons into the
civil service of the United States as will best pro-
mote the efficiency thereof, and ascertain the fitness
of each candidate in respect to age, health, charac-
ter, knowledge, and ability for tho branch of service
into which he seeks to enter; and for this purpose the
President is authorized to employ suitable persons
to conduct said inquiries, to prescribe their duties,
and to establish regulations for the conduct of
persons who may receive appointments in the civil
service."
This provision was ingrafted upon an appro-
priation bill in one of the last nights of a pro-
tracted session. Repeated efforts had been
made in the House of Representatives to make
some provision upon this subject, but had
received no favor in the House. And it is
safe to say that had the proposition been pre-
sented by a separate bill it would not have
received the support of twenty members of
either House. And nothing can more em-
phatically illustrate the vice of including gen-
eral legislation in an appropriation bill than
this provision. By a legislative wisdom that
is "inscrutable and past finding out" appro-
priation bills arS generally reserved for the last
night of a session, and then are not unfre-
quently loaded down by preposterous provis-
ions, which only obtain the assent of the
Houses for the reason that appropriation bills
must pass or the Government must stand still.
Under this provision the President appointed
a board consisting of seven persons, who, after
due deliberation, have recommended to the
President the following:
"1. No person shall be admitted to any position in
tbeeivil service within the appointment of the Presi-
dent or the heads of Departments who is not a citi-
zen of the United States; who shall not have fur-
nished satisfactory evidence in regard to character,
health, and age: and who shall not have passed a
satisfactory examination in speaking, reading, and
writing the English language.
"2. An advisory bo;<rd of suitable persons to be
employed by the President under thf> ninth section
of the act of March 3,1871, entitled 'An act making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the gov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending June 30,1872. and
for other purposes,' shall, so far as practicable, group
the positions in each branch of the civil service
according to the character of the duties to be per-
formed, and shall grade each group from lowest to
highest for the purpose of promotion within the
group. Admission to the civil service shall always
be to the lowest grade of any group; and to suoh
positions as cannot be grouped or graded, admission
shall bedetermined as provided for the lowest grade.
"3. A vacancy occurring in the lowest grade of
any group of offices shall be filled, alter due
publie notice, from all applicants who shall pre-
sent themselves, and who shall have furnished tho
evidence and satisfied the preliminary examination
already mentioned, and who shall have passed a
public competitive examination to test knowledge,
ability, and special qualifications for the perform-
ance of the duties of the office. The board conduct-
ing such competitive examination shall piepare,
under the supervision of the advisory board, a list
of the names of tho applicants in the order of their
excellence, as proved by such examination, begin-
ning with the highest; and shall then certify to the
nominating or appointing power, as the case may
be, the names standing at the head of such list, not
exceeding three; and trom the names thus certified
the appointment shall be made.
"4. A vacancy occurring in any grade of a group
of offices above the lowost shall be filled by a com-
petitive examination of applicants from the other
grades of that group, and the list of names from
which the appointment is to be made shall be pre-
pared and certified as provided in the preceding
rule; but if no such applicants are found compe-
tent, the appointment shall be made upon an exam-
ination of all applicants, conducted in aoordanoe
with the provisions for admission to the lowest grade.
" 5. Applicants certified as otherwise qualified for
