402
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Senate.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Alcorn.
42d (JoNr. 2d Sess.
the corporators to preserve a sufficient quan-
tity of water in the channel of the stream to
admit of the passage of vessels of five feet
draught throughout the year. Of coarse during
a great portion of the time the depth of water
would be much greater.
The Ouachita river flows through a vast
valley, which for the quantity and quality of
its timber and the fertility of its soil is unsur-
passed by any in the world and equaled by
few. The two great States before referred
to are deeply interested in the improvement
of the navigation of this river, which forms to
them a common artery of commerce. The
citizens resident of the Territory through
which it flows are likewise deeply interested
in its improvement, not alone because of
the increased facilities which such improve-
ment would afford to the transportation of
their commerce, but because of its tendency
to enhance the value of the thousands of acres
of fertile lands adjacent to the banks of the
river, which are now covered with dense
forests, and unsought for by the immigrant,
for the sole reason in the majority ot cases
that the river in its present condition affords
so few facilities for the transportation ef
commerce. These people are not only deeply
interested, but are auxious, by the contribu-
tion of lands and otherwise, to aid any prop-
erly organized corporation in the improve-
ment of the navigation of Ouachita river. It
is impossible at this time to estimate the
countless millions of wealth that would in a
few years flow to the people resident in the
valley oi' the Ouachita and adjacent country,
in both the States of Louisiana and Arkansas,
should the navigation of that river be made
available throughout the entire year, as is
contemplated by this bill.
This being true, is it not the duty of the •
Govern men t to grant these citizens the priv-
ilege of doing the work, for it is only a priv-
ilege that is asked, especially when no appro-
priation from the Government is contemplated ?
Is it not a sound principle that the Govern-
ment is bound to promote the interests of any
portion of the people when that can be doue
without injury to the interests of any other
portion ?
But it may be thought by some that the biH
is of doubtful constitutionality. I find noth-
ing, sir, in the Constitution to authorize such
an opinion. As is well knowu, the Constitu-
tion expressly declares that "Congress shall
have power" " to regulate commerce with for-
eign nations and among the several States."
It is true that it is not inferable from this
clause of the Constitution that Congress has
the sole power to regulate commerce between
the States ; but, as is well known, it has been
held, aud is now held, that it has. We shall
not stop here ta inquire whether the Consti-
tution, in saying that "Congress Bhall have
the power to regulate commerce between the
States," wholly debars the States from auy
participation in such regulation, or whether it
allows them concurrent power with Congress.
One thing is certain, Congress has this power,
either absolute aud entire, or concurrent with
the States, and in either event no corporation,
deriving its powers solely from the States,
would be permitted by the Government to
interfere in any manner with a navigable stream
or national highway without the consent of the
Government previously granted.
Should any corporation commence work
by locking and damming a navigable stream
under authority derived wholly from a State,
such corporation would do so at their peril,
aud would be liable to be interfered with at
any moment by the Government, and of course
no corporation would undertake any such work
under any such authority or circumstances.
This would be true where the river proposed
to be improved was embraced entirely within
the limits of one State ; for if it was embraced
it would he on that account none the less a
navigable stream or national highway, and the
State through which it passed could not incor-
porate a company for its improvement without
the consent of Congress. But where the river
desired to be improved flows through two
or more States, as is the case with the one
under contemplation, the question is still more
involved, and the previous consent of Con-
gress to a corporation to commence work is
still more indispensable; for whereas a river
lying wholly within the limits of one State
could he improved by a corporation having
authority from the Government and such State,
the consent ofthree parties instead of two would
be necessary where the river flows through two
States, to wit, the two States and the General
Government.
To illustrate: suppose a number of men
should incorporate in the State of Louisiana
to improve the navigation of the Ouachita
river within that State and such corporation
should impose a tax upon the commerce
of the State of Arkansas, would not the peo-
ple of the State of Arkansas have the legal
right to object to the imposition of such bur-
dens upon their commerce, and would they
not have a right to an injunction against said
corporation? And vice versa, would not the
people of Louisiana have the right to object to
the imposition of burdens upon their com-
merce by a corporation acting under authority
alone from the State of Arkansas ? But we
will put a stronger case. Can, or ought even
Congress to incorporate a company within
one State, that company having authority also
from that State, to interfere with the naviga-
tion of a stream within that State, without
the consent of another State through which
the same stream flows and forms a part of its
navigation?
The Constitution declares that—
" No preference shall be given by any regulation
of commerce or revenue to the ports of one State
over those of another ; nor shall vessels bound to or
from one State be obliged to enter, clear, or pay
duties in another."
I feel, Mr. Speaker, that the mere suggestion
of the brief propositions before laid down is
sufficient to indicate the answer, and I trust
that, brief as they are and hastily expressed
as they have been, they will at least have the
effect of arousing inquiry to some extant upon
this important question. But there may be
some who admit the constitutionality of the
bill that still doubt the propriety of its enact-
ment upon the ground that it is an unwise pol-
icy to impose tolls upon commerce, as is pro-
posed ; but in reply to such I would say that
the benefits derived or to be derived from the
proposed improvement of the navigation of the
Ouachita river are so largely in excess of the
tolls to be imposed that the people interested
in the commerce of that river would not only
willingly but gladly pay a much greater toll
than is proposed by the bill under considera-
tion. During six or seven months of the year
the commerce that would follow the Ouachita
river, were it navigable the entire year, has to
be transported by land in wagons hundreds of
miles, thus creating delays the cost of which
to business can scarcely be estimated, to say
nothing of the immense expense in actual cash
attending this tedious and imperfect means of
transportation. To say nothing of the vast in-
crease of commerce that would be induced by
the proposed improvement of the Ouachita
river, the present commerce belonging to that
river pays per annum more tax or toll by
clumsy and tedious transportation in wagons
than it would in five years under the tolls pro-
posed by this bill were the Ouachita made
navigable as it proposes to do.
But it is urged by some that while Congress
has the right and is willing to incorporate this
company, that the States should first incor-
porate them, and have Congress ratify the
several charters afterward. In reply to this
proposition, I have to say that in the case
before us this would create two corporations,
which might or might not pursue a common
design in the prosecution of the work, while
it is well known that harmony and unity of
purpose with both corporations would be
essential to its completion.
Again, one corporation might present to
Congress a State charter, the terms of which,
with its restrictions, limitations, and privileges,
would meet the approval of Congress, while
the charter from another State would not.
Thus such confusion and delay would ensue
as perhaps would defeat the enterprise entirely.
Hence, it seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that the
only legal and rational method to accomplish
the purposes contemplated is for Congress
first to grant a charter to a number of citizens
of both ^States, specifically stating in such
charter the privileges and prerogatives which
the corporation are to enjoy and the limita-
tions and restrictions under which they are to
proceed, after which the same corporators can
obtain charters from their respective States,
which State charters can be made to conform
precisely in their terms to the Federal charter
previously granted.
To me, sir, this seems to be the simple,
legal, direct method of accomplishing the
object. Otherwise, the Legislatures of the
States of Louisiana and Arkansas might vote
an indefinite narober of charters, and keep up
this process for an indefinite number of years,
without ever being able to produce a charter
that would meet the approval of Congress.
How much better, how much more simple,
rational, and just, then, for Congress first to
declare its wishes upon the subject in the
shape of a charter, and then let the States
conform to it.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I would say that
I cannot believe this Congress will refuse tiie
millions of people interested in the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Ouachita river
the mere privilege of doing it at their expense.
I may add that the very small appropriations
that are annually doled out. for the improve-
ment of this and other rivers in Arkansas
effect no permanent improvement in those
rivers, and, indeed, but very little of any kind.
The small sums thus employed would effect
almost as much good by sinking them in the
current of the streams as to have them ex-
pended as they are. But let the citizens have
the privilege of creating permanent and effi-
cient navigation in the Ouachita, and they
will ask Congress for no move appropriations
for that purpose.
Extension of Ku Klux Act.
SPEECH OP HON. J. L. ALCORN,
OV mississippi,
In the Senate op the United States,
May 20, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(S. No. 656} to extend the provisions of the fourth
section of the act approved April 20,1871—
Mr. ALCORN said:
Mr. President : I propose to pass to-night
in review some of the questions that have been
under discussion to-day. My main purpose,
however, is somewhat in the nature of a per-
sonal explanation, or I might say defense.
Twelve mouths ago, when what is popularly
known as the Ku Klux law was under discus-
sion in the Congress of the United States, I
was Governor ot Mississippi, and apprehend-
ing that Congress might be misled by the ex-
aggerated accounts of violence that existed in
