"m
3144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
ing up its line between California and China
and Japan, there is no impropriety, and least
of all any hardship, in asking that one of the
conditions on which that amount of money
shaii be paid to it is that it shall maintain its
present important line between San Francisco
and New York via the Isthmus.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia.
The question being put, Mr. Stewakt de-
manded a division.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope the Senator will
not, call fcr a division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada demands a division.
The question being again put, the ayes were
thirty-three.
Mr. STEWART. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEWART. Suppose the contract
should be taken by some other company, what
then? This line may be expensive. What-
ever company has this, will you require them
to keep up the Panama line?
Mr. NYE. I thmk I can propose an
amendment which, if the honorable Senator
from California will accept, will remove all
objection, providing that any person taking
their interest shall run the line from New
Yoik to San Francisco.
Mr CASSERLY. I do not understand the
Senator.
Mr. NYE. I understand the amendment
to provide that the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company shall receive pay for cailying the
China mail no longer than they keep up the
line between San Francisco and New Yoik
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. I move to add "or any other
person with whom i he contract shall be made.''
Mr. CASSERLY. Oh, no.
Mr. NYE. Why not?
Mr. CASSERLY. I cannot accept that
amendment. With all respect to ihe Senator
from Nevada, it makes it perfectly nonsensi-
cal, because the Pacific mail companv have
the line now, which I thmk they ought to keep
up after receiving this subsidy.
Mr. NYE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting ''or any other party with
whom this contract shall be made."
Mr. STEWART. Is this amendment in
order?
Ike VICE PRESIDENT. It is a legislative
provision directly relating to an appropriation
contained in the bill. The Chair thinks it
embraces a good deal; but it does airectly
connect itself with an appropriation contained
iri ihe bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not know that I
understand it; but if I do it is this : that the
China line shall receive its pay, provided it
keeps up another line from New York to San
Francifco. Is that what it means?
Mr, CAS&ERLY. Provided they keep up
the other line which they are now running
between New York, via Panama to San Fran"
cisco?
Mr. POMEROY. It is a vicious form of
legislation to provide that parties shall have
something if they do something else.
Mr. CASSERLY. I see noihing vicious in
it, unless the subsidy be vicious ; and I cannot
say that, because I voted for it.
Mr. POMEROY. It is putting a condition
on which may or may not be proper for them
to lulhll ; 1 do not know. They may want to
abandon this line. It may be in the interest
of the Government to do all the business
across the continent by the Pacific railioad.
and they may want to abandon this ocean line
entirely. These several Pacific subsidies have
been voted on to this bill with a view, amoti 
other things, of adding to the freight and busi°
ness across this continent. This Government
has got a great interest in sustaining, having
helped to build, the Pacific railroad, and there
is no local business on the line of that road
comparatively ; that road' is supported by its
through business. This is one way to give it
through business. I think the time may come
when it may be well to abandon this ocean
line entirely and do all the business across the
continent by railroad. In that way the Gov-
ernment would be sure, at any rate, to secure
its interest in railroads where it has ninety or
a hundred million dollars invested.
I do not know whether it would be right or
not on the spur of the moment for us to say
that for ten years to come the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company shall keep up an ocean
line by the way of Panama. If so, what kind
of a line? Once a month?
Mr. CASSERLY. The same they are run-
ning now, which I believe is once a month.
Mr. NYE. They run now once a month,
or once in two mouths, if they please.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish the Senator from
Kansas would tell me where we should have
been last winter, when there was a perfect
blockade and destruction of the whole carry-
ing trade on the railway, but for this line ?
Mr. POMEROY. We should have been
quie'ly in our homes, I suppose, but the coun-
try did receive their mails by the way of the
ocean, and I suppose whenever it is any ob-
ject lor them to send steamers that way they
will run them ; but to compel them to do so
at the expense of this subsidy I think is a
back-handed way of legislating.
Mr. MORTON. I simply want to under-
stand this amendment. As I understand it,
it means this: a subsidy has been voted for
semi-monthly service from San Francisco to
China and Japan : after a subsidy has been
voted for that purpose, it is then intended to
make it useful iii maintaining a line of steam-
ships from New York to San Francisco by the
way of the Isthmus, to be run in opposition to
the Pacific railroad. Is that the meauing of it ?
Mr. CASSERLY. To keep down the rates
of freight and passage. That is one object.
Mr. MORTON. I simply wanted to under-
stand it. We first grant Urge subsidies to
build the Pacific railroad; then we grant
another subsidy to run a steamship line in
opposition to it. Is that the idea?
Mr. HILL. I have risen to inquire of the
Senator from California, whose amendment
this is, whether he intends to be understood
by the amendment that in the event of a
failure to keep up this line by way of the
Isthmus, the subsidy shall abate from the
time that they do ?
Mr. CASSERLY. That is in the amend-
ment.
Mr. HILL. I can see a very good reason
why it ought to prevail. The reason given by
ihe Senator, that in time of a snow blockade
on the railway this is the only route from
New York to San Francisco that would be
available at present, is all sufficient. I doubt
whether it is clear enough in the amendment
that in case of failure the subsidy shall cease.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think that is clear.
Mr. HILL. Very well; then I am satisfied
with it.
Mr. NYE. Iwantto say a single woid about
this amendment. It is but five hundred miles
further from San Francisco to China than it is
from San Francisco to New York by sea by
tiie way of the Isthmus of Panama. It is
fifty two hundred and fifty miles from the city
of iNew York to the city of San Francisco
Dy water.^ Now, we have granted a subsidy
to 'he China line, and in order to allow that
company to take that, by virtue of the power
of the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia we compel them to perform as much
service within seven hundred and fifty miles
every trip they make on another route as we
pay them for running. The idea is too pre-
posterous to be entertained. They have never
had any subsidy on the Panama line at all.
Mr. CASSERLY. Oh, yes.
Mr. NYE. They run that line as they nleaao
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator is mistaken'*
Mr. NYE. I suppose they can take it off
to-morrow.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Panama line was
commenced on a subsidy.
Jlr. NYE. "What subsidy did it receive?
Mr. CASSERLY. I cannot tell the pre-
cise amount—several hundred thousand dollars
a year.
Mr. NYE. They are not receiving any
now ; they are relieved from that contract-
and I insist upon it that no Senator would be
so unjust as to compel them to run, within
seven hundred and fifty miles, as long an ad-
ditional trip as that for which they receive
subsidy.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Nevada, to have the
amendment of the Senator from California
apply to any parties who may take the eon-
tract for the China mail service.
Mr. CASSERLY. The amendment of the
Senator from Nevada is utterly inapplicable,
because no party who takes this contract, ex-
cept the Pacific Mail Steamship Companys has
a line running from New York to San Fran-
cisco by way of Panama. So much for that.
Now, in regard to the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Indiana. I take it for granted that
the fact that the United States has endowed a
railroad munificently, beyond all example in
the history of the world, furnishes no reason
j why it should not do what it can to keep up
another line of conveyance, another line of
transportation, even although that other line
should have the effect of keeping down rates
upon the first line so munificently endowed.
On the contrary, the very fact of the munifi-
cence of the endowment is a reason why the
first road can well afford to have a fair and
reasonable competition.
I here is a reason outside of all this, rest-
ing, however, in private information, why it
is very important to us on the Pacific coast
and to the country at large that this steam
line between New Yoik and San Francisco
shall be kept up. I simply suggest that if
after you have granted this subsidy it should
turn out that the Panama line is taken off,
either by understanding or otherwise, and that
the entire commerce of the United States with
Asia is left to depend upon the steam line
bet ween Asia and San Francisco ; and one line
of railroad betweeu San Francisco and Omaha,
Senators will then feel as if they had made a
very large appropriation to very little purpose.
Mr. SCO IT. I voted for the subsidy to the
China steam line, and did go believing that
it was right to do so. I was at first inclined
to vote lor this araendnu-nt of the Senator
from California, but upon further reflection
I remember that we have incorporated two
other railroad lines which will eventually
be finished, I hope before this mail contract
shall run out—the Northern Pacific and the
Southern Pacific. It will not certainly be in
the interest of Congress so' to legislate as that
in the event of a blockade on one railroad
there shall be no transit upon the others, or
that they shall not be rival routes.
But what strikes me particularly is the doubt
that has arisen in my mind as to the propriety
of my vote on the China steamship line since
the amendment of the Senator from Califor-
nia, tor his amendment amounts to the con-
fession that we have given subsidy enough to
that line to keep up another line by way of
Panama to New York.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought that was gen-
erally understood before, as it was known that
tnis line was runuiug at a profit.
Mr. SCOTT. No, we had not the certainty
heretofore that we have now, in the estimation
of the Senator from California, who has studied
this subject very carefully, and it seems now to
