404
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
Senate.
Extension of Kit, Klux Acl—Mr. Alcorn.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
in Mississippi has been less disturbed than it
has been for the past two years.
My dispatch claimed that the rule of .law in
Mississippi was equal in the protection of life
to the rule of the bayonet. It stated that the
number of deaths by violence in the State, for
the year ending with March, 1871, compared
■with the number for the year ending with March,
1870, showed sixty-two murders each, taking
the inquests as representing so many murders.
The Senator assailed those figures, and declared
in his seat here that instead of there having
been but eighteen murders within tfie" last
three months, from the date of my dispatch,
there had been at lijast sixty-three. I appeal
to the report of the auditor, who is the friend
of the Senator. I undertake to say that the
auditor's report shows' that the Senator has
commmitted, in his statement of the case
forty-five murders in presence of the Senate,
and then charges them to the people of tKe
State of Mississippi in violation of the recorded
fact, and of his obligation as a representa-
tive.
Mr. AMES. Will my colleague permit me
just one word on that point?
Mr. ALCORN. Yes sir.'
Mr. AMES. I wish to say that that same
auditor that he refers to gave me the figures.
I believed them correet then, and I do now.
Mr. ALCORN. Did the auditor of public
accounts give you the figures that there had
been iuthe last three months prior to the time
you spoke, sixty three murders, as you stated
in your speech ?
Mr. AMES. He gave me the figures as I
stated them..
Mr. ALCORN. The records show, I insist,
that there were in that time but eighteen mur-
ders, The auditor of public accounts has
so certified under his hand officially. The
record, I repeat, shows the fact to be pre-
cisely as the auditor has stated them to me. I
affirm further that eight of those murders were
an after-thought on the part of the auditor.
He discovered them after the statement had
been originally made to me. Adding those
murders, I reaffirm that his .account shows
that instead of there having been, sixty-three
murders, as the gentleman repeats, in the last
three months, there were' as I have said but
eighteen. And more than that, I say that the
auditor's account, after all the corrections and
additions of his after-thought, shows that in-
steady of there having been sixty-three mur-
ders in three months, there were in the twelve
mouths ending March, 1871, an aggregate, all
told, of seventy-six. In the twelve months in
which the Senator was military Governor of
Mississippi the imperfect records of that time
show sixty-two murders ■, and 1 know within
my own knowledge that there were fifteen mur-
ders during military rule which do not appear
upon the auditor's book. While military power
ruled, I may explain to the Senate, the civil
machinery of government was only partially
in operation, and crimes were not regularly
reported. They were sufficiently reported,
however, to show that there were sixty-two
murders in the twelve months up to the Slat
of March, 1870, the month in which the Sen-
ator and the bayonet were bowed out of Mis-
sissippi.' This partial return of his adminis-
tration showing sixty-two murders, supple-
mented by murders which they do not include,
oompares with the full and complete return,
after, all that could be done by the, auditor of
public accounts in backing up the Senator's
arraignment of the State before the country,
in an exhibit which proves nothing to the dis-
advantage of the year of law.
Unrestrained by the responsibilities of the
genuine representative, my colleague's arraign-
ment of his constituents .went still further in
this blackening of their character. He charges
that the spirit of slavery still existed in the
land, that the white people of Mississippi were
resisting the Government, and that nothing
but the power of the bayonet would be suffi-
cient to restrain them in their violence against
the people of color. Mr. President, I appointed
two colored men to office where the Senator
appointed one. In the county in which I live,
one of the most wealthy counties in the State,
I have seen a colored justice of the peace sit-
ting in judgment upon a charge against a white
map, in which he sentenced the white man to
prison for whipping his wife. He sent t,hat
jvhite man under the guard of a colored con-
stable a distance of fifteen miles to the county
jaiL—so absolute is the acquiescence of the
whites there in the new order of things.
While the Senator was Governor of the
State of Mississippi I canvassed the State in
behalf of the Republican party. The Demo-
cratic party but twelve months .before that
time had carried the State by a majority of
nearly eight thousand votes. When the Repub-
licans were beaten, when their flag was trail-
ing in the dust, when they saw, however reluc-
tantly, that the cause of Republicanism in Mis-
sissippi was hopeless without a moderation
that would give it a footing among the old
citizens of the State, they offered me the can-
didacy on the Republican ticket for Governor.
In my canvass I was met by violence at nearly
every stump on which I appeared before the
people. Although the Senator had his soldiers
present at many of those places with arms in
their hands, the violence of the people was
such that intimidation was offered me over
and over again.
Mr. AMES. I believe I sent soldiers with
you to protect you on one expedition.
Mr. ALCORN. The Senator sent soldiers
into the eastern portion of Mississippi; and
let me tell him that the time he sent his sol-
diers with me, or rather to me, the soldiers
did not reach the place until after the speak-
ing was over.
Mr. AMES. I refer to those I sent on an
expedition with you as a body-guard.
Mr. ALCORN. Did I ask the Senatorto
send his soldiers with me?
Mr, AMES. Substantially.
Mr, ALCORN. J. did not.
Mr. AMES. You did not come in person,
but an appeal was made that was irresistible.
Mr. ALCORN. I will tell you, sir, what I
understood. The appeal was made to the gen-
tleman by gome friends of mine that he should
organize a body-guard for my protection at the
different places at which I should speak, and
I made the appeal to the gentleman to dissolve
his body-guard, that I wished no such protec-
tion. His body-guard was the very thing
to have caused my murder, in the passions by
which my people were torn at the time.
Although I appreciated the good intention of
the gentleman at the moment, yet I knew the
people well enough to feel that it but imper-
iled my life to have his soldiers standing about
when I was addressing the people.
Mr. AMES. Excuse me, I simply referred
to the case where I dressed one of my sol-
diers in citizen's clothes, and buckled to him a
couple of pistols and seat him with you.
Mr. ALCORN. Yes, sir; and that was at
the gentleman's own request, when he sent a
soldier in citizen's clothes. He made the re-
quest, and I did not wish to decline a kind
attention, but I said, " If you send anybody do
not send him in soldier's clothes but citizen's
clothes." Therefore, that point of the gen-
tleman amounts to this much: that the pres-
ence of soldiers did not serve as a repression
to the people of the State.
Mr. AMES. The gentleman's friends came
to me and showed a letter from my colleague's
family—from his wife—which made such an
appeal to me that I could not resist. I was
very gkd to do it under any circumstances,
but when the gentleman says I misstated the
case he either does not know the circumstances
of it, or if he does—uo, I will not assume at
all that he does know the circumstances—but
the fact is that his ftiend, who is now with
him, came to me and made this appeal and
showed this letter, and I did it complying with
this request and for my colleague's sake, and
I did it as a friend of his at that time.
Mr. ALCORN. Well, Mr. President, I will
say that this is the first I have heard of the
fact that my wife had addressed a tetter to the
Senator in b'ebalf of the protection of my life.
Mr. AMES. I did not say your wife did. I
say a letter from your wife had been shown to
me touching this point.
Mr.. ALCORN. I was not aware of the
existence of such a letter. I know the fact
that my wife is a timid southern woman. I
trust she is one who thinks much of her hus-
band. I do know the fact that she implored
me not to go into the canvass: for friends had
written to me saying that if'I entered upon
that canvass I never would get through it alive.
My wife was frightened lest their predictions
should be verified j and while I was upon the
canvass, she, seeing the violence manifested
against me, wrote to me imploring that I
should return to my family and cease to follow
what I, however, held to be a solemn duty. I
was not aware that she had written any letter
to any friend that had ever found its way to
the presence of the Senator. I will not find
fault with her, however, for that. In her ten-
derness, in her regard for her husband, she
may have done it. But I had beeu guilty of
no wrong to the people of Mississippi. I had
been guilty of no outrage upon them. I feared
not to stand in their presence, to stand in the
presence of even the Ku Klux, who listened to
my denunciations of their violence, conscious
in my own heart that I stood before them in
the exercise of my right, an honest man void
of offense. I desired to go forward and address
the people of the State dispassionately. I
desired to appeal to their reason, and conscious
of my devotion to their well-being, I stood
in the presence of their violence without fear.
I speak, sir, of that violence which existed
under the rule of the bayonet. I speak of it
for the purpose of showing the contrast be-
tween that time and when there was an elec-
tion held in the State in 1871, when the
bayonet was not present to intimidate or
menace. Two years had passed since the elec-
tion under military rule. Another contest
came. Mark the contrast. There was no
riot, there was no menace, there was no intim-
idation, and save but one case of common
assault all was peace through the broad State
during the general election of 18711
The kindliness between the two races at
the South had been maintained at its old cor-
diality up to the close of the war. The Freed-
men's Bureau, however benevolent it may
have been in its design, interposed; and in its
practical workings took the form of an inter-
vention of alienation. Standing between the
whites and the blacks, the agents of the bureau
constituted necessarily a wail of separation
between the two, and generally found reason
tor employing their opportunity of building up
in the minds of the ireedmen new confidences
and friendships on the ruin of the old. North-
ern camp-followers and soldiers who had
remained in the country became beneficiaries
under this new relation of the negro ; and on
coming into theexecutiveservice under military
rale, conquerors among the conquered, did
much to make the wall separating the two
races of the southern people a wall of fire 1
Shame to confess, my own people permitted
the passions natural to the circumstances to
take direction against their life-long friends.
Li a moment of blind rage they wrote a
libel on their better nature in the form of
