2248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
Mr. POOL presented the petition of James
Roberts, heir of Martin Roberts, praying com-
pensation for services rendered by said Martin
Roberts during the revolutionary war; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
Mr. LOGAN presented the petition of Wil-
liam H. Akins, of Speedsville, .Tompkins
county, New York, and Jacob D. Felthouse,
of the city of Chicago, Illinois, praying remun-
eration for inventing and constructing an im-
provement in sewing-machines at Ithaca, New
York, in the years 1848 and 1849; which was
referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. TIPTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, soldiers in the late
war, in favor of a law granting one hundred
and sixty acres of land to all honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors, and the heirs of
those who are dead; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
revenue bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know precisely
in what order the resolution of the House of
Representatives in regard to the tariff bill
would properly come here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. After the call
of Senate resolutions at the close of the morn-
ing business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was about to suggest to
the Senate whether, under the circumstances,
without entering into any debate on the ques-
tion at all, it would not be best to refer the
resolution to the Committee on Finance or
some other committee, so that the position of
the Senate may be clearly defined. I merely
submit it to the sense of the Senate.
Mr. WRIGHT. That reference has been
made, I think.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was suggested,
but it was objected to by the Senator from
Vermont at the time, and it was not, there-
fore, referred.
Mr. WRIGHT. My impression is that he
afterward made the motion and it was referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is the recol-
lection of the Secretary in front of the Chair
that the resolution still lies on the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it would be better
to refer it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio asks unanimous consent that the resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives in regard
to the amendment of the Senate to what is
known as the tariff bill be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. CASSEIiLY. I suggest to the Senator
from Ohio 
The VICE PRESIDENT. If it gives rise
to debate it must lie over until the appropriate
lime for its consideration, which is after Sen-
ate resolutions are called for.
Mr. CASSERLY. The question involved
is perhaps as grave a question of constitutional
law as can ever arise between the two Houses,
and I suggest to the Senator from Ohio, not
as an objection, whether he would not prefer
to send it to the Committee on the Judiciary
or the Committee on Privileges and Elections.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am perfectly indifferent
on that point. I only suggested the Commit-
tee on Finance because the subject-matter
came from the Committee on Finance, and
they are supposed to be more familiar with
the precedents. I think the position of the
Senate is clearly right. Our power to amend
a bill of this kind is clearly unlimited, in my
judgment. At the same time, in deference to
the House, a coordinate branch of the legis-
lative department, I think the matter ought
to be fairly and fully considered. If Senators
think it, better that it should be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, I have no objec-
tion, although my own impression is that the
Committee on Finance is the most appropriate
committee.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not press the sug-
gestion at all upon the Senator from Ohio.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
objection, the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives will be referred to the Committee
on Finance. If there is to be further debate
it will be reserved until Senate resolutions are
called for. The Chair hears no objection, and
the resolution of the House of Representatives
is referred to the Committee on Finance.
reports op committees.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 819) to establish cer-
tain post roads in the State of Alabama, and
for other purposes, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. COLE. The Committee on Appropri-
ations, to whom was referred the bill (H. 11.
No. 1G54) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1872, and for former years, and
for other purposes, have directed me to report
it back with certain amendments; and I give
notice that I shall call it up at the very earliest
moment, stating that there is the utmost
necessity for speedy action on the bill for rea-
sons set forth in letters I have received from
the Attorney General, and also from the First
Comptroller, and from dispatches from execu-
tive officers of the Government in the different
States, United States marshals and attorneys,
who are unable to carry on the business of the
courts without borrowing money, and in some
cases not being able to do that, great detriment
has resulted to the Government for want of
the funds provided for in this bill.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to whom was referred a memo-
rial of settlers on the Indian lands south of
Kansas, praying that they may be allowed to
secure titles to their homes, and that Con-
gress will interpose to prevent their removal
therefrom, reported adversely thereon, and the
committee were discharged from its further
consideration.
Mr. CORBETT. 1 am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce, to whom was re-
ferred the bill (S. No. 845) to authorize the
construction of a wagon and railroad bridge
across the Mississippi river at Quincy, Illinois,
and to establish the same as a post road, to
report it back, with amendments; and I ask
that it be put upon its passage. I believe the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Logax] has some
interest in the bill.
Mr. WEST. I ask the Senator if the bill is
likely to give rise to discussion ?
Mr. CORBETT. I think not. I ask that
the bill be now read as amended by the com-
mittee. We have amended it so as to make
this bridge conform to the other bridges that
have been built across the Mississippi river,
and I presume there will be no objection to its
passage.
Mr. LOGAN. I understand that this amend-
ment is made at the suggestion of the Secretary
of War. Is that the case?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. LOGAN. So as to make this bridge
conform strictly to the bridges heretofore
erected, and to prevent it from interfering with
navigation?
Mr. CORBETT. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill on the
day on which it is reported.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I object to any bill
being passed in the morning hour until the
morning business is gone through with.
Mr. WEST, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
769) to close the accounts of R. E. De Rus3y,
late colonel corps of engineers, deceased,
reported it without amendment. '
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 755) for the relief
of the former occupants of the present military
reservation at Point San Jos6, in the county and
city of San Francisco, reported it with amend-
ments, and submitted a report thereon ; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill (S. No. 935)
incorporating the National Soldiers and Sail-
ors Orphans' Industrial Training Association ;
which was read and passed to the second
reading.
Mr. STEVENSON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
memorial of the chiefs and principal men of
the Oneida Indians of Wisconsin, praying to
have secured to them the quiet possession of
their reservation, moved that the memorial be
printed ; which was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am directed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 1862) authorizing
the Secretary of the Interior to make certain
negotiations with the Ute Indians in Colorado,
to report it back without amendment, and I
desire its immediate consideration. It appro-
priates no money, and proposes no action ex-
cept to authorize the Secretary of the Interior
to enter into negotiations with these Indians
for the surrender of their lauds. This is a
very important matter, and it will encounter
the objection of nobody, since the Secretary of
the Interior is to report his proceedings to
Congress before action.
The bill was read.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Is the morning busi-
ness through?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not yet.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Then I object.
Mr. STEVENSON. I hope the Senator
from South Carolina will withdraw his objec-
tion. This is a very unimportant matter and
involves no money.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I must confess that I
am ashamed of the action of the Senate on
several occasions during this session. Very
important measures have passed, affecting the
interests of the whole nation, during the morn-
ing hour when the Senate was not half full,
and I feel it my duty to enter my protest against
all such action.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are still in order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I am directed
by the Committee on the Library, to whom the
subject was referred, to report a bill (S. No.
934) to provide for the completion of three
volumes of Wilkes's United States exploring
expedition and ask for its present considera-
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina objects to the considera-
tion of any bill during the morning hour.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Very well; let
it be read, at any rate.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. POMEROY. A bill came before the
Committee on Public Lands by mistake, I
think. It should have gone to the Commit-
tee on Affairs. It is the bill (S. No. 861) to
aid in settling the unsurveyed and unoccu-
pied lands on the tributaries of the Colorado
River of the West. I ask that the Commit-
tee on Public Lands be discharged fi m its
further consideration. I do not know how it
got referred there, but it was so referred. I
ask that they be discharged, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
It was so ordered.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
James M. Ellison, praying payment for prop-
erty destroyed by United States forces during
the war, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration ; which was agreed to ; and
he submitted a report on the subject, which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No 528) for the
relief of Augnstine Bacon, reported it without
amendment.
