i852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 2,
I do not question of coarse the power of
Congress in regalating commerce among the
States to legislate in any way to promote the
navigability of thesfe streams. I am not speak-
ing of that) but of where the eminent domain
resides as to the shores and the soils Under
water. I s&^j sir, that the sovereignty of In-
dian, aild doubtless of every other northwest-
ern State, has bfeen repeatedly asserted over
these. Bridges across the rivers have been
built by State authority. Dams have been
thrown across them to create feeders for
canals. Ill numerous cases the State has
authorized individuals to build dams across
them for milling or other manufacturing pur-
poses. Laws have been passed for the pro-
tection of fish in our lakes and rivers. These
were so many assertions of her authority and
jurisdiction over the subject-Matter. Has any
objection even been made by the General Gov-
ernment? Has Congress evet questioned this
sort of legislation? No, sir. It has never
legislated in any other way than to authorize
the improvement of navigation or to authorize
bridges which should be post roads, carefully
providing against any interruption of the navi-
gability of the stream bridged.
But I repeat, the assertion of ownership and
municipal control as against the States over
the shores and beds of the rivers and lakes has
never been made by Congress. If the sover-
eignty and complete authority did not exist
as I claim, then every interference in the way
of building dams by the State and authorizing
them by individuals were so many acts of
usurpation, and they and the bridges are there
without right, and those who built them are
trespassers; every law regulating the taking
of fish is a usurpation. How could it be other-
wise? And yet) sir, the Government has stood
by without objection for nearly half a century
while the State has been asserting these rights.
Do not forget, Mr. President, that the new
States were to bo admitted upon a footing of
complete equality with the old thirteen States,
lu which of them, I ask, has it ever been pre-
tended that the juiisdielioii and the authority
of the United States extended over the shores
and beds of her lakes and rivers? Now York
has her inland lakes, her Cayuga, Oneida, and
Cazenovia lakes. Have the United States ever
set up any jurisdiction over them? And sup-
pose they were drained to-day, would anybody
pretend that their beds were public domain
over which we could legislate? Well, sir, in
this respect, as in all others, Indiana stands
upon a footing of complete equality with New
York.
There is one view more i desire to press, and
then I will be done. Beaver lake has been
drained by the State, and drained in pursu-
ance of a condition imposed.in the swamp-land
grant. I do not suppose the reclamation of
the wet lands surrounding it would have been
practicable without lowering the waters of the
lake. But be this as it may, the ditch which
turned its waters into the Kankakee was lo-
cated and dug by State authority. Not a dollar
has been spent by the General Government in
these improvements. Thousands of acres have
been reclaimed and added to the productive
resources of the State. For years those claim-
ing to own the bed of the lake have paid State,
county, and township taxes upon their lands.
And now I come to the practical question:
Will Congress seek td realize a profit out of
the bed of this lake? Will it require the pub-
lic surveys to be extended over it and the
lands to be sold, since the only value they
have has been created by the State and her
citizens. Say there are fourteen thousand
acres reclaimed; how much money would this
net to the Treasury after all expenses were
paid? The sum is too pitiful to be talked
about. And then, I ask, how shall we dis-
pose of that parallel case 1 have cited, where
the highest court determined that a patent
from the United States in a similar case was
worthless? How shall we maintain the equal-
ity of Indian^ with the original States if Con-
gress shall seize upon and dispose of these
reclaimed lands?
Leaving out of view the constitutional and
legal aspect of this question entirely, and look-
ing only to the harmonious relations the Gen-
eral Government desires to maintain with the
States, and looking beyond that to the simple
equities of this case, can there be a doubt
what the Senate should do with this bill?
Grant, for the argument, that the proprietary
title to this lake is in the United States. It
was a barren, worthless proprietorship until
the State and her citizens uncovered the soil
and made it valuable. Would it be quite
becoming in a great nation, which has twelve
hundred million acres of public domain yet to
be disposed of, which is inviting actual settlers
to go upon it almost without money and with-
out price, to seize upon the bed of this lake,
redeemed and reclaimed by State enterprise,
to make a pitiful profit from it?
Pass this bill, and the State belter than the
General Government can deal with the con-
troversies there. Indeed, the controversy will
cease when the General Government abandons
all claim of title there. It is only because of
the belief that the title is in the United States
to the bed of the lake that men, ignoring the
patents made by the State, have sought to found
settlements there under the preemption laws,
and obtain the lands at $1 25 per acre. They
will be disappointed ; but I am happy to be-
lieve they have incurred nogreat,,expenses, and
they will be reconciled, 1 hops, when they
know that the cession by Congress is to the
State.
Now, Mr. President, as the Senate has in-
dulged me in hearing what 1 had to say in the
advocacy of this bill, I hope 1 may trespass
upon its indulgence a moment more by asking
that the bill may be put on its passage.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope we shall have a
vote on the bill. I asked for its consideration
once before.
Mr. LOGAN. I merely rise to second the
suggestion made by the Senator from Indiana.
The bill has been reported by the committee
unanimously, and his remarks have satisfied
me that the bill ought to pass.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. .
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
instkcctioxs as to prosecutions.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
has expired, and there being no unfinished
business of last evening, the first special order
on the Calender is now before the Senate, being
the bill in regard to the customs service, re-
ported by the Senator from New York [Mr.
Kenton] from the Committee on Finance.
Mr. COLE. The Senator from New York
not being here, I suppose it is not desired to
go on with that bill now. I therefore move
that the special order be postponed and that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of
the legislative appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New York stated to the Chair that he desired
to call this bill up as soon as he could do
so, but wished to be in his seat when it was
called up.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask if there is any objec-
tion to the passage of the resolution introduced
by me yesterday ? I understood at the time I
offered it that there was no objection to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Unless there is
objection the proposition of the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations will be con-
sidered as agreed to, and the appropriation
biil regarded as before the Senate. The Sena-
tor from Delaware now appeals to the Senator
from California to allow him to call up the
resolution of inquiry submitted yesterday.
Mr. COLE. If it can pass without any
discussion I shall not object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California is willing that the appropria-
tion bill shall be informally passed over if
thfere is to be no debate on the resolution.
Mr. BOREMAN. The Senator from New
York [Mr. Conkling] expressed a desire to
be heard on that resolution. He will be here
in a moment, and when he comes in I shall
make no objection.
Mr. BAYARD. I would ratter he Were
here. I understood him to say yesterday that
he proposed to be heard in some way.
Mr. COLE. I think we had better go on
with the appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropria-
tion bill is before the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. I nowobserve the Senator
from New York in his place.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The appropri-
ation bill being before the Senate, the Senator
from Delaware asks unanimous consent to
have the vote taken on the resolution which
he offered yesterday, calling for executive
information.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not believe that is
worth while. I have here on my tabic many
newspapers containing the information called
for here, and without Venturing to suggest,
even if I have an opinion, the view with which
this resolution was offered, when it is taken
up 1 wish, and 1 know one or two other Sen-
ators wish, to express their views upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the reso-
lution can only be reached by laying the appro-
priation bill on the table and proceeding to
its consideration by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. If other gentlemen desire
to discuss this resolution, I am perfectly will-
ing that it shall be fully discussed. I will only
say that I do not know any riiember of the
Senate who I think would have been more
prompt to comment upon the fact that I had
taken the unauthorized publication of a news-
paper as the basis of a resolution, or the basis
of a speech, than the honorable Senator from
New York. He yesterday asked me a ques-
tion, whether I knew these letters had been
published in the newspapers ? I told him I
had read one, but not the others that were
referred to. I did not then understand the
object of his question. However, if this mat-
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is not now before the Senate. The Chair did
not desire to cheek the Senator ftom Delaware.
The appropriation bill is before the Senate.
Mr. ERELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
the—1—
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California is entitled to the floor on the appro-
priation bill.
Mr. ERELINGHUYSEN. I simply wish to
say that the chairman of the committee told me
yesterday that he had the official copies of those
letters.
Mr. BAYABD. If he had, it would have
been the easiest thing in the world to produce
them at the time.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. He was about
to do so.
Mr. BAYARD. I was not aware of the fact.
I only choose to have authentic information in
regard to a fact which I think it important the
country should know about.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Del-
aware is the only member of this body, I
think, who did not know for every purpose of
fact that these formal, full, official letters,
published, and furnished by the Departments,
were the papers they purported to be. It
seems that that Senator also did not hear the
statement, of which he has been i<teminded,
made by the chairman of his committee, that
he had in his possession the official papers
themselves.
However, upon neither of these points do I
wish to hold parley with the Senator. I wish,
however, to say this: the honorable Senator
introduced a resolution calling for informa-
