456
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
ment and will; so does nomination; so does appoint-
ment. There is this difference: that the judgment
and will of the Senate can regard only the person
proposed by the President, while there is no similar
constitutional limitation upon his judgment and
will. But there is no right in Congress to constrain
either to adopt the judgment and the will of others.
Such constraint frustrates the constitutional design
that the judgment of the Senate shall revise the
judgment of the President, and that the judgment
of both shall concur m filling the office.
" Although it might not be thought oxpediont to
apply the competitive test, if established, to appoint-
ments in which the Senate must concur, it should
be remembered that there is as much constitutional
right to do so as in the case of appointments cf the
other class. When the appointment of an inferior
officer is vested in the President alone, his individual
act accomplishes what is dono by himself and the
Senate together in the appointment of a superior
officer, and should be as independently performed as
each partof the compound processin tho latter case.
"The appointing power may avail itself of the
judgment of others as one means of information.
jFor want of personal knowledge of candidates, it has
habitually done so from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment. But this has been done in its discretion.
I see no constitutional objection to an examining
board, rendering no imperative judgments, but only
aiding the appointing power with information. A
legal obligation to follow thejudgmont of such a
board is inconsistent with the constitutional inde-
pendence of tho appointing power."
And, again, lie says:
" It more concerns us to ascertain what is the con-
stitutional rule than to learn whether that rule has
always been observed. Nineteen violations of the
Const itut ion do not justify a twentieth. 'The present
question, in its essence, is, whether tho appointing
power belongs to Congress, or to those named in the
Constitution as the depositaries of that power; for
if Congress can ordain that an office sha.ll be filled by
the person whom the examiners pronounce the
fittest, it can ordain that the office shall bo filled by
the person whom Congress judges the fittest, and
may directly appoint its favorite. Theconstitutional
Qspect of the matier is not changcd by the suggestion
that Congress might prescribe tho principles on
which the examiners should judge: for it might,
prescribe tho principles on which itself should judge,
and might vary and apply iliem at pleasure. The
objections would not bo removed by interposing tho
formal action of the constitutional appointing power.
An enactment that the President shall appoint to a
certain office the person adiudged by the examiners
to be the fittest is not ditforent m constitutional
principle from an enactment that ho shall appoint
John Boo to that office. In neither case aro his
judgment and wilt called into exorcise. The ap-
pointment is effected in 0110 case by the judgment
and will of the examiners, under authority from
Congress, and in tho other case by the judgment and
will of Congress. In the cases particularly pro-
piunded by tho commission, if the President, author-
ized by an act of Congress, should prescribe that tho
courts and heads of Departments should always
appoint tho persons named by a civil service board,
that board would virtually ho tho appointing power,
and that act of Congress would bo the foundation
of its authority. That Congress cannot give such
authority 1 think is manifest.
"It has beensuggested thattheappointmentsnow
vested in the courts, and in the heads of Depart-
ments, could bo transferred by Congress to tho Presi-
dent, and that ho eould appoint according to the
result of a competitive test, certified by an examin-
ing board. To this mode of selection, if discretion-
ary with tho President, there is 110 constitutional
objection, and the same mode, under a similar con-
dition, could be used by the various appointing
powers under present laws; it being always under-
stood that tho appointing power resorts to this test
as away of finding out the fittest person for the
vacant office, and is not bound to abide by it if
satisfied that tho appointment of another would best
serve tho public interests. In short, tho test of a
competitive examination may be resorted to in order
to inform tho conscience of the appointing power,
but cannot be made legally conclusive upon that
power against its own judgment and will."
In a subsequent portion of this opinion the
Attorney General attempts to draw a distinc-
tion between the appointing power vested in
the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, and the appointing power
which may by law be vested in the courts of
law and heads of Departments, and holds that
the President may in those eases, under an
act of Congress, "restrict appointments to a
class ot persons ^rtiose qualification or fitness
shall haye been determined by an examina-
tion instituted independent of the appointing
power."
This distinction, in my opinion, cannot be
maintained. The Constitution provides that
the appointment of all officers shall be made
upon the nomination of the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate;
hut provides that Congress may by law vest
the appointment of certain officers in the Pres-
ident alone, in the courts of law, or heads of
Departments. All that Congress can do under
this clause of the Constitution is to transfer
the appointing power from the President and
Senate to the President alone, the courts of
law, or heads of Departments. But when the
appointing power has been thus changed and
vested, it is as absolute in the new depositary
as it was in the old ; and Congress, by pre-
scribing qualifications for the office, can no
more restrict the appointing power in the latter
case than in the former.
Congress may, indeed, prescribe reasonable
qualifications, but the appointing power must
be left free to select from the whole body of
the people those who possess the prescribed
qualifications, and to enact or prescribe that
the appointing power shall only select one out
of three persons who have been determined
in a certain way or by a certain body to pos-
sess these qualifications, to the exclusion of a
million citizens who possess them in an equal
degree, is an unconstitutional restriction of
the power of appointment. What Congress
may do indirectly, and through the agency of
a board constituted under its authority, it may
do directly by the passage of a law. If Con-
gress may provide that the appointing power
shall be restricted to three persons, to be
selected in any manner by any board, it may
equally name three persons from whom the
choice shall be made; for in one case, as
much as in the other, the appointing power is
forbidden to select persons possessing legal
qualifications from the whole body of the
people.
An act of Congress which should provide
that the President should appoint the collector
of the port of New York from among three
persons named in the act would be glaringly
unconstitutional. Such an act would find no
defender in this Chamber. If such an act
would be unconstitutional, an act would be
equally so which should provide that a com-
mission should be appointed who might select
three names out of which the President should
appoint a collector for the port of New York.
The only principle which can be vindicated is
this: that while Congress may prescribe quali-
fications for an office, Congress cannot, upon
the pretense of prescribing qualifications, des-
ignate, or provide for the designation of, three
persons from among whom a certain appoint-
ment shall be made. An act of Congress
which should provide that no man should be
appointed to any civil office who should not
be recommended to him by the Judiciary
Committee of the Senate, or by a vote of the
whole Senate, would find no one to assert its
constitutionality.
It would be 110 better if the act provided
that the Senate should selectthree names from
which the appointment should be made. Such
an act would, on all hands, be admitted to
practically transfer the nominating power from
the President to the Senate. Nor is it less
liable to objection that this power is vested in
a board of ten men, to be appointed under
authority of Congress, dependent for its exist-
ence and compensation upon the will of Con-
gress : because, in either case, the power of
the President to select from the whole body
of the people any person possessing the pre-
scribed qualifications would be taken from
the President. In the instance supposed—the
collectorship of New York—after advertise-
ment made for candidates, suppose forty to
apply and submit to examination, and that all
present satisfactory evidence of citizenship,
age, health, and character, and that all can
read and write the English language; then,
of course, all go upon an equal footing before
the examining board. Now, if a competitive
examination is to have any influence at all, it
must follow that the three persons who shall
correctly answer most questions must be cer-
tified, and one of the three must be appointed.
And now suppose the President to know that
neither of the three persons certified, and that
neither of the forty persons applying, is fit to
be appointed ; and that he knows a thousand
persons in the city of New York who would
not apply for the office, nor submit to the prob-
able humiliation of being rejected in an exam-
ination in which their competitors were school-
boys, by a board no one of which was as com-
petent as themselves to discharge the duties
of this office, yet who would accept the ap-
pointment if offered to them; still the Presi-
dent is compelled to select from the three per-
sons known to be unfit, to the exclusion of the
thousand persons known to him to be fitted for
the office. In such a case no man can maintain
that the President is free to perform or can
perform the duty imposed upon him by the
Constitution.
I am aware it may be said that the President
in a particular case may disregard the recom-
mendation of the board and appoint the proper
person. Of course he may. But then what
becomes of civil service reform? If he may
do it in one case, he may do it in all. And,
moreover, the President, in this message, has
pledged his honor not to exercise his judgment,
but, in such a case as I have supposed, that
he will appoint one of the least objectionable
of the three persons, all of whom he knows to
be unfit for the office.
The case supposed is not an improbable
one. Let the Piesident advertise for candi-
dates for the collectorship of New York.
Does any one suppose that A. T. Stewart,
Henry G. Ste'bbins, Marshall O. Roberts,
George Opdyke, and men of that class, would
make application, and come to Washington to
be examined in a class of ten or ten thousand,
as the case might be? No, sir; they would
laugh at such a proposition. The applicants
in such case would be adventurers, men of no
condition and no importance. And yet from
this "scum of a long peace " the examiuing
board must select three, and of the three the
President must select one.
The principle I contend for is virtually ad-
mitted m the report itself. Speaking of the
influence of Senators over the judgment of the
Senate in confirming appointments, the report
says:
"The Senate will, indeed, naturally and properly
inform itself in regard to particular candidates by
the knowledge of Senators who maybe supposed to
know something of them. But when it governs its
own action merely by the will of such Senators it
makes them virtually tho appointing power, and so
destroys one of the fundamental safeguards of the
Constitution."
It is thus admitted that one of the funda-
mental safeguards of the Constitution would
be destroyed by disturbing the equilibrium of
the appointing power as between the Presi-
dent and Senate, in whom it is vested by the
Constitution. But it does not seem to have
occurred to the author of this report that to
transfer it altogether from both President and
Senate toa board unknown to the Constitution
could be subject to the slightest constitutional
objection.
The scheme proposed may be " civil service
reform." It may, I think will, defeat any
party that adopts it. It may, I think will,
arouse the indignation and move tho contempt
and derision of the people. It may be any-
thing you choose to style it, except a con-
stitutional method of appointment. This it
clearly is not. And at the threshold of this
absurd experiment I enter my constitutional
protest.
II. But if the constitutionality of these rules
and regulations could be maintained, still I
believe that their results would be pernicious,
and_ that they rest upon a philosophy altogether
anti-republican.
I shall examine these rules and regulations
less in detail than I otherwise should, from
what I understand, from unofficial sources, to
be the fact, that all proceedings under this new
system have been, and are to remain sus-
pended until the board shall devise a new sys-
tem of rules and regulations, it being obvious
