1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
4041
to by an "unauthorized crowd" of men. I
suppose the citizens of this country have a right
to get together at any time without asking the
permission of the Senator from New York or
anybody else.
Mr. NYE. That has lately been proved.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I supposed it was not
necessary to ask authority for the people of
this country to get together and express their
views as they pleased. I do not know what
the Senator means by an "unauthorized
crowd" of men. Has it come to this, that the
citizens of this country are not to be permitted
to assemble together without obtaining au-
thority from the Senator from New York, or
somebody else, to express their views on the
tariff or any other subject?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, now let us have a
vote.
Mr. CONKLING. Before a vote is taken,
I wish to say in answer to the Senator from
Illinois that if authority were necessary from
any Senator for such a purpose, it would be
very foolish to apply for it to me. The Sen-
ator from Illinois, head and shoulders above
other Senators, is the proper source of that
kind of authority. Whenever the men who
have been expelled from office, whenever
office-seekers who have been disappointed,
whenever sore-heads (using a word that I
dislike) wish to get together, authorized by
nobody but themselves, and representing no-
body but themselves, they certainly, I think,
if they are wise, will apply to the Senator from
Illinois rather than to me. When I spoke of
an unauthorized crowd of men—if that was my
phrase—or company or meeting, whichever
my phrase was, I intended to say, aud I repeat,
that they were not authorized by any political
organization. I supposed that was their boast
and avowal; that was all I meant. I have no
doubt they had authority of their own as cit-
izens ; and we have had evidence that they had
authority from the honorable Senator from
Illinois. I meant to say they were not au-
thorized by any political organization, how-
ever, and I believe I said—if I did not I should
have said, that they found the stress and diffi-
culty of the tariff question such that it was
necessary to evade it by a sleight-of-hand which
I think has never been surpassed in laying
down a platform by a party or a crowd, au-
thorized or unauthorized.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose that persons
who are out of office, " sore-heads," can get
together without obtaining the authority which
the Senator from New York seems to suppose
would be necessary for such person to assem-
ble. Those who have their arms in the Treas-
ury, who bolster up the Leets and the Stockings,
who want to continue public plunder and the
use of the money of the Government for polit-
ical and partisan purposes, who wish to use
office as if it was so much money for the pur-
pose of carrying elections and packing con-
ventions, who wish to employ the persons who
are appointed and paid by the Government for
the purpose of procuring delegates to some
convention, will have ample authority to do
so. They are undoubtedly authorized by those
who procure them their appointments that
they may live upon the public plunder and use
the people's money for the purpose of getting
up these organizations and conventions—that
undoubtedly would be regarded as legitimate;
and if that sort of authority is necessary as a
preliminary requisite for the people to get
together and express their views, I do notsup-
pose the people to whom the Senator from
New York has alluded had that authority.
It is very likely that some convention in
which he takes an interest may have that kind
of official authority, but I do not know what
right persons who happen to hold office and to
be supported by the public have to dictate to
the people of this country either their policy
or the candidates whom they shall support.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair dis-
likes to interrupt the Senator from Illinois, but
he has spoken five minutes in two speeches.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York has also spoken on the
amendment five minutes. The five-minutes
rule is applicable to the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I hope I shall be ex-
cused for copying the example of other Sen-
ators and moving to strike out the last word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is now an
amendment to an amendment, and a motion
to strike out the last word is not in order.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator asks unan-
imous consent, it will be given; but I think
to move to strike out the last word of the
amendment is a violation of the agreement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there unan-
imous consent for the Senator from New York
to reply to the remarks of the Senator from
Illinois? The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. TIPTON. There is objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senator
be allowed to proceed.
Mr. CONKLING. Never mind, I will get
an opportunity presently.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask that the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New York
be read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be reported.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. Mr. Presi-
dent 
The VICE PRESIDENT. For what pur-
pose does the Senator from Texas rise? The
Senator from Ohio is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I want to
reply to the Senator from New York. I called
the attention of the Chair three or four times,
but could not get it. I think I was unnoticed
purposely. It looked to me that way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Texas is not speaking respectfully to the Chair
when he states that he was not recognized pur-
posely. The Senator from Texas has no right
to make such an imputation upon the Chair.
The Chair did not hear the Senator.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. May I be
allowed to reply to the Senator from New
York?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
recognized the Senator from Ohio as entitled
to the floor. If he surrenders the floor the
Chair will then recognize the first Senator who
addresses him.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. The Senator
from New York has gone out of his way to
denounce men who are quite as respectable as
he is 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Texas is not entitled to the floor. The
Senator from Ohio is entitled to the floor if
he claims it.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask that the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from New York
be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, as I under-
stand the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from South Carolina, it is to appoint a
commission to ascertain and report to Con-
gress certain facts ; it is to be a commission to
gather statistics. Upon no other ground that
I know of have we any right to pass such a
bill. If it were for the purpose of legislating
in the direction of interfering with the social
condition of the people, going into that which
belongs to the States alone, and which does
not belong even to some of them, we ought
to oppose it ; but I do suppose that we may
gather statistics to enable us to legislate; and
upon that ground, and upon that ground alone,
as it seems to me, could this proposition of
the Senator from South Carolina be voted for.
But the proposition of the Senator from
New York is very different from that. In-
stead of being a commission to gather statis-
tics and report them to us for our consider-
ation, it is to raise a commission to prepare a
tariff bill. I am opposed to that. The duty
of preparing a tariff bill is vested always in
our own committees, as it seems to me, and
especially is it vested in the House of Repre-
sentatives, to whom belongs the right of origin-
ating revenue measures, and I am not willing
to put it in the power of the President to ap-
point a Committee of Ways and Means to pre-
pare a. bill to bring into Congress upon the sub-
ject of revenue. I do not think that is advis-
able. Still, I am willing to get all the statistics
we can to aid our own committees in framing
a tariff bill for us. I shall, therefore, vote
against the amendment offered by the Senator
from New York.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will it be in order to
move to reconsider the vote by which the five-
minutes rule was made applicable to this sub-
ject?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not, because it was not an order placed upon
the Journal, but was agreed to by unanimous
consent binding only upon the honor of Sena-
tors to obey it, not to be enforced by the Chair.
It is, therefore, not one of the legislative sub-
jects that are open to reconsideration.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I would call
the attention of the Senator from New York
to the fact that the existing amendment pre-
sented by the Senator from South Carolina
I think covers all that his amendment covers,
and more. This amendment provides that
this commission shall examine how labor and
the laboring population are affected by exist-
ing laws regulating commerce, finance, and
currency. It seems to me that under that
provision this commission would have scope
enough to make the investigation indicated
by the amendment of the Senator from New
York.
Mr. CONKLING. Then whatis the objec-
tion to my amendment?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. This includes
more than that.
Mr. MORTON. The amendment offered
by the Senator from South Carolina is intended
to raise a commission to investigate and report
upon what are known as the labor questions,
and I am not willing to have it smothered out
by a proposition to investigate the whole ques-
tion of the tariff. The questions of American
commerce are connected with this labor ques-
tion. I see no necessity for a commission to
investigate the question of the tariff. I think
the effect of this amendment will be to kill
the whole proposition, and I hope for that
reason it will not be adopted. I trust the
proposition will be confined to the original
purpose for which it was offered, of investi-
gating what are known as the labor questions,
which are now being discussed by millions of
people, both in this country and in Europe.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent, I shall favor the amendment of the Sen-
ator from New York, because it makes the
proposition a legitimate one upon the present
bill, and because the object which it seeks is
one which is wise and proper. The original
amendment proposed by the Senator from
South Carolina is, in my judgment, entirely
foreign to this bill, should never have been per-
mitted to be offered to be put upon it at all,
and in its results, in all its operations, initial
and final, can only be productive of mischief.
In the first place, it assumes for the Federal
Government a function which belongs onty to
the States. If there be difficulties springing
out of the present relations of labor and capital
in any of the States it is for the State Legis-
latures by appropriate commissions to investi-
gate them, and by appropriate legislation to
remedy any evils that may exist. It is no part
of the duty of the Federal Government, but a
sheer assumption of power which may be pro-
ductive of very great mischief in the end. _
In the next place, the whole idea is derived
