[1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8145
i be conceded that there is subsidy enough in
the line from San Francisco to Yokohama to
keep up another from San Francisco to New
" York.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No question of it.
Mr. SCOTT. I am a little inclined to doubt
i now the propriety of the amount of subsidy at
least that we give to the line from San Fran-
■ cisco to China, although the object was right
and we ought to give enough to make it suc-
cessful. I hardly think 1 can vote for this
amendment, although at first its plausibility
struck me.
.Mr. WINDOJI. If it be true that this sub-
sidy is large enough for both lines, I am
inclined to think some other company, as there
is free competition, will come in and take the
service at a lower price.
Mr. CONKLING. My silence throughout
this debate will perhaps atone for my saying
a word now.
This amendment presents one thing that
induces me and it presents another that does
not. Some Senator has remarked that we
first subsidize a railroad; and then we pro-
pose to subsidize a line of ships to run against
it; to run around it, to compete with it. That
seems in one aspect pretty ridiculous ; and yet,
if 1 understand the subsidy theory, it involves
nothing absurd. What is the theory of sub-
sidies? That to nourish and enlarge com-
merce, to transact business, we are to aid in
creating vehicles for commerce. Is not that
it? If so, why should we not have a line of
ships, veh'c'.es of commerce, to go by water
from New York to Aspinwall, and from San
Francisco to Panama? Merely because we
have a railroad traversiugthe continent? The
argument is that we want an outgo for com-
merce, we want carrying facilities. Very well;
then the more the merrier; the more the bet-
ter.
Now, what is the counter proposition to that
submitted by the Senator from California? It
is that we are to allow the line of ships from
New York to San Francisco, via Panama, to
die out. What have we then ? A railroad
crossing the continent and the Pacific Mail
company running as a continuation of that
road. That, of course, is a great deal better
than it would be to have nothing; but is it as
good as it is to have the railroad and at the
same time a line of ships running from New
York to the Isthmus, and on the other side from
the Isthmus up to San Francisco?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Freights would go up if
you dropped the sea line.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
makes a suggestion that is very obvious, be-
cause, although you have the absurdity of the
Government competing with itself, running
two lines against each other, still you have
competition. Sea freights will put down rail-
way freights. and railway freights will put down
sea freights provided you let the attrition go
on, the faction between these two things rub-
bing against each other.
Mr. NYE. Allow me to ask my friend
where the sense is when we subsidize a line
from San Francisco to China in compelling
that line to run as great a distance in another
direction ?
Mr. CONKLING. I will tell my honor-
able friend that that becomes a mere matter
of figures ; and the Senator from California,
who is not only an advocate of these sub-
sidies, but an advocate in a local sense, if I
may so say—I mean by that only that he
represents a locality supposed to be especially
interested in it—offers this amendment; and
I think my friend from Pennsylvania is au-
thorized in arguing that he assumes that the
subsidy we have granted is great enough
to enable this line, not only to run where
we supposed up to this time it was to run, hut
to continue to run also from San Francisco
by way of Panama to New York, and run
more frequently than it does.
That is the argument. If the subsidy is
not large enough, if.the effect of the amend-
ment will be to break down the whole thing,
because the company cannot do it, then my
friend from Nevada takes something by his
question ; but if, on the contrary, it can be
shown that under this subsidy they can run
that part of the line now proposed, then, on
the subsidy theory, we certainly gain by it,
as I understand.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And they are doing it now.
Mr. CONKLING. They are running at
least a monthly line at this time. I did not
rise to argue this question, but while on the
floor I will make one further remark. I have
voted for some of these subsidies; I have not
stated my reason for doing it, but I can state
the chief reason in one moment.
There is an argument, and a very strong
argument, in favor of subsidies. No commit-
tee of this body has yet been able to take the
whole subject and digest it anil recommed to
the Senate what we had better do about sub-
sidies. Therefore, we have been left to vote
by fractions upon the whole question, now
upon this and then upon another, and theu
upon a third particular project. 1 have been
disposed to vote for some of these subsidies,
to try the experiment, having great doubts as
to which way I should vote; and that is ihe
best explanation I can make in a moment of
the vote I have given.
But now I insist that if the subsidy theory is
good for anything at all, it supports the amend-
ment pending unless the Senator from Nevada
can show that the amount of service required
is exorbitant in reference to the subsidy paid;
or to put it the other way, unless he can show
that the subsidy is so small that the beneficia-
ries would break down under the requirements
of this amendment.
Mr. NYE. You might just as well require
the Pacific mail company to run the Brazilian
line as that.
Mr. CONKLING. That is a matter of
figures.
Mr. NYE. The company have not figured
on that hypothesis at all, but proposed for a
certain sum to do a specific service from Cali-
fornia to China; and now you propose, by the
amendment of the honorable Senator from
California, to make them run as much further
or they shall not receive the contract price for
that.
Mr. CONKLING. That is a matter of
figures. I do not attempt to dispute with the
Senator from Nevada, because he knows more
about it than I do.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President  
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators desire
that the rule be enforced. The five minutes
of the Senator from New York have expired.
The Senator from Nevada has spoken once on
the amendment.
Mr. NYE. I will not speak again.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California has also spoken once on the
amendment to the amendment, and Senators
have desired that the rule shall be enforced.
Mr. BOREMAN. I want to get through.
If we have a five-minutes rule, let it be enforced,
and let us get through.
Mr. CASSERLY. I simply .vish to say that
the Senator from Nevada has just made a
statement as to 
The VtCE PRESIDENT. The Senator
frcrn Caliibi.iia asks unanimous con.-.eht to
make a statement.. Is there objection ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I lise to make a pariia-
meuta'j inquiry. I ask the Chair if the Chair
rule-* under the five-niiiiutesrule that a Senator
is bound to exliaust his five minutes in one
speech ? The Senator from California certainly
did not speak five minutes before on this pre-
cise amendment. I think I understood the
Chair an hour or two ago to hold that the five
minutes given to a Senator did not hold him
to exhaust his five minutes on one occasion,
but he was subject to the other rule that he
could not speak more than twice. I merely
make the inquiry to be informed myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators evi-
dently wish to liberalize this rule. The Chair
has kept an account when Senators rose, and
as the Senator from Vermont himself offered
the rule, the Chair-will rule that Senators are
entitled to five minutes at several periods of
time. The Senator from California has spoken
about two minutes, the Chair thinks. He is
now, therefore, entitled to three minutes ad-
ditional.
Mr. CASSERLY. I merely wish to respond,
from my information, to the inquiry propounded
by the Senator from New York to the Senator
from Nevada. So far is the Senator froai
Nevada from the facts as to the impossibility
of their running this line with the help of this
subsidy, that the truth is the company is now
running the line, and has been running it for
years without any subsidy for it, and before
they got any for the Japan line.
The statement of the Senator from Nevada
then amounts to this: that upon the receipt
of $1,000,000 the Pacific Mail company will
immediately be struck by a total inability to
coutinue the line between New York and San
Francisco by way of Panama, after having
continued it for years and years before they
got any subsidy for the China line, and while
they had none for the Panama line.
Mr. NYE. I want to make an inquiry.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada has two minutes more of his five
minutes, he having heretofore spoken three
minutes on the pending question.
Mr. NYE. I do not wish a minute. I want
to know if my amendment is put on, " or any
other person accepting said proposition?''
The VICE PRESIDENT. That amend-
ment is the pending question.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us see where it
comes in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the amendment to the amend-
ment.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed, after the
words " successors in interest," where those
words occur the second time in the amend-
ment of the Senator from California, to in-
sert the words "or any other parties who
may contract for such service.'1
The VICE PRESIDENI'. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Ne-
vada to the amendment of the Senator from
California.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
California, [Mr. Casserly,] upon which the
yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 18 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard. Bucking-
ham, Cassedy, Conklmg, Cooper, Davis of West
Virginia. Edmunds. Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Ham-
ilton of Maryland. Harbin, Hill, Johnston. Kelly.
Osborn, Pratt. Saul^bury, Sprague, Stevenson. Stock-
ton .ind Vit-kers—23.
NAYS — Messrs. Horeman, Caldwell, Cameron,
Chandler, Corbctt, Cragin, Ferry oi Michigan, Kel-
logg, Logan. Morton, JTyo, Potncroy, Pool, Itiee,
Sawyer. Sc-otc, Stewart, and Window—18.
AliSENT —Messrs. Anthony, Brownlow,
Carpenter, Clayton, Cole, D.ivis oi Kentucky, Fen-
ton. Ferry of Connecticut, Frelinscuuyseii, Gilber1,
Hamilton of Tox;ts, Hamlin, Hitchcock. Howe.
Lewis, Morrill oi Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nor-
wood, Patterson, Ramsey, Ransom. Robertson,
Scharz, Sherman, Spencer, Sumner. Thurmati, Tip-
ton, TrumOulI. West. Wilson, and Wright—33.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NYE. I want to ask a question in view
of another amendment,. No<i, as I under-
stand the amendment just adopted, as it
stands it leaves it that if the China contract
is with the Pacific Mail Steamship Company,
that company has got to keep up the New
