458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
answer for yourselves, and your support of a
system based upon such pretended facts the
people will be authorized to regard as a cog-
novit oil your part. For myself, I repel the
.charge, and brand it as a calumny. And I
understand ftom the lips of one who ought to
know, that but two persons during the present
Administration have demanded, in terms which
could be called iusolent or even disrespectful,
the appointment of any person to office; that
in those cases the persons making such de-
mand stood high in the legislative department
of the Government; thatthey were demanding
the appointment of relatives; that the Presi-
dent, knowing the unfitness of the candidates,
refused to appoint either of them ; and that
both those men are to-day head lights, cham-
pions, apostles of "civil service reform."
The piquant, witty, and pious Senator from
Nebraska on my right [Mr. Tipton] resolved
himself the other day into a class-meeting
or iove-feast, and confessed that when he was
elected Senator he turned everybody out of
office to put his fiiends in. and that when his
colleague was elected he permitted his friends
to be turned out to make room for the friends
of his colleague. As I understood his speech,
he seemed to think that this was a great wrong,
and his conclusion was that some great "civii
service reform" was necessary to prevent a
repetition of this impropriety. I might admit
his premise, hut I dissent from his conclusion.
If this "turning and overturning" was agree-
able to the people of Nebraska, then no wrong
has been done; if not, the remedy is with the
people of Nebraska.
But if it were to be admitted that all this
corruption exists, who knows that the proposed
system would secure better results? The
theory of the report is that in the absence of
personal knowledge of the candidate, the Presi-
dent is compelled to rely for information upon
Senators and Representatives in Congress,
and that this has hopelessly corrupted alt par-
ties concerned. These gentlemen, members
of the two Houses of Congress, number over
three hundred. The House is changed every
two years, the Senate every six years. If the
doctrine of this report shall be adopted this
board of seven or ten men will be perpetual;
they will hold their office during good behavior.
Now, if during the short term of service in
Congress the whole body of three hundred
men are certain to be corrupted by advising
the President whom to appoint, what assur-
ance have we that the integrity of these ten
men may not bo undermined in the course of
four or five hundred years? Upon general
principles it might be supposed that ten men,
totally independent of the people, might be as
easily corrupted as three hundred men, two
thirds of whom have to face their constituents
biennially, and the other third every six years.
I do not question the integrity of any mem-
ber of this board. Curtis, Cattell, Medill,
Walker, Elliott, Blackfan, and Cox; good
men all, undoubtedly. But will any one main-
tain that either of them has more virtue than the
present President of the United States? For
Air. Cat tell, the only member of the board well
known to me personally, J cherish the warmest
friendbhip, and entertain the highest respect.
But upon the theory of the report which he
concurs in and has signed, having served in
the Senate, he is utterly demoralized and cor-
rupt, and ought not to serve in any official
capacity. But, seriously, has Mr. Cattell any
more integrity on a board than in the Senate ?
Mr. Medill, of Illinois, is the only other mem-
ber of the board with whom I have any ac-
quaintance. I believe him to be a man of
intelligence, integrity, and honor. But can
he, in these respects, claim superiority over
the Senators from that State, [Mr. Trumbull
and.Mr. Logan?]
But again, it is weli understood that the
Senators and Representatives from a State are
more or less responsible for Federal appoint-
ments in their State. And if the Federal ap-
pointments in any State are not satisfactory to
the people, the people can and will deal with
members and Senators. This is the next thing
to a popular election of Federal officers for the
State. Before the war, which opened the eyes
of the blind upon many subjects, I would have
voted for an amendment of the Constitution
making postmasters, district attorneys, mar-
shals. and other local officers elective by the
people of the localities.- Now I would not.
The Government of the United States is a
Government not merely touching the people,
but presiding overstates sovereign in domestic
affairs. The Government of the United States
is a band encircling and holding together
thirty-seven such States. Its powers should
correspond to its situation. How long would
it be before the people of Charleston, South
Carolina, would elect a loyal postmaster? How
long before the people of North Carolina
would elect a loyal district attorney ?
This report dwells much upon the necessity
of proved qualification to hold office. What
is the most satisfactory proof of a man's quali-
fication to discharge the duties of a particular
office ? The report says a competitive exam-
ination. Take the case of the collectorship
of New York, and suppose A. T. Stewart to
be a candidate, opposed by a graduate fresh
from Yale. Now, I ask which would be the
most, satisfactory proof of the fitness of the
candidates, the practical results achieved by
Stewart in a long life, during which, in the open
view of a great nation, he has established and
successfully conducted the most stupendous
importing business known to the country, or
the certificate based upon a three hours' exam-
ination of the two candidate*, in which the
graduate of Yale would be almost cer'ain to
have the better of him ?
I know the report attempts to resist the in-
evitable conclusion that tile result of a com-
petitive examination is npt to depend upon
proficiency in the higher branches of academ-
ical learning. Bat let us see. Suppose adver-
tisements made for candidates for the New
York collectorship, and a thousand men offer
themselves for examination, all furnishing sat-
isfactory proof of citizenship, age, health,
character, and ability to read and write the
English language. And suppose that out of
this thousand one hundred exhibit all the qual-
ifications for the office that could be demanded.
Out of this hundred the board must select
three, and if the examination has failed to
reduce the number of successful candidates
below one hundred, then the board must either
arbitrarily select three men (which comes back
to all that is complained of in the present sys-
tem) or they musteffect an elimination of can-
didates by carrying the examination beyond
what is necessary to demonstrate fitness into
recondite science and the higher branches of a
collegiate course. This is substantially admit-
ted by the report, which, on page 9, says :
" Of two good accountants, the one who has tho
most general knowledge is certainly preferable; and
a country which declares that, where technical skill
is equal, it wilt se eot the candidate for its service
who is the better educated, is a country which di-
rectly and practically encourages intelligence and
morality."
So, sir, it comes to this at last, that if the
matter be contested, the dunee who has been
crammed up to a diploma at Yale, and comes
fresh from his cramming, will be preferred in
all civil appointments to the ablest, most suc-
cessful, and most upright business man of the
country, who either did not enjoy the benefit
of early education, or from whose mind, long
engrossed in practical pursuits, the details and
niceties of academic knowledge have faded
away as the headlands disappear when the
mariner bids his native land good night.
Let it not be supposed, sir, that I am under-
valuing the advantages of education ; I am not.
Indeed, sir, those who have struggled through
life, lacking the advantages of education, are
more alive to its importance and more anxious
to bestow it upon their children than those
who enjoyed in early life such advantages to
the utmost. I belong to that unfortunate class.
I know no more of chemistry than I know of
the pearly gases and golden streets of the New
Jerusalem. And I never expect to ; that is, I
never expect to know anything of chemistry.
I do humbly hope some time to see the pearly
gates and golden streets, because I understand
that admission into the kingdom of heaven
does not depend upon the result of u compet-
itive examination.
Yet, sir, presenting myself as an applicant
for appointment to the place of copying-clerk
in the Interior Department, before an exam-
ining board, havinga "chemical turn of mind,"
1 should certainly be rejected. Still, sir, I write
a good hand, and can copy papers with great
rapidity and accuracy. This, sir, is the case
of many men in this country. Many, despite
a defective education, have, by indomitable
effort, fought their way against fearl'ul odds to
the front rank in business, in the professions,
and to-day adorn the bench of this country.
In this world everything is arranged upon the
principle of compensation. When one of the
senses is denied to a man, all others are quick-
ened so as to mitigate the loss ; and it not un-
frequently happens that a man who is restricted
to one department of learning, and devotes all
his energies of mind and body to one pursuit,
for instance, a lawyer who turns his back upon
every other department of knowledge, often, in
that one pursuit, outstrips a competitor who
is loaded down with collateral learning.
Yet, sir. if the doctrine of this report is to
be adopted these men are all to be disfran-
chised. Energy, activity, perseverance, integ-
rity, all the qualities that have secured their
success in their own paths of life, are to bo
put aside if they happen to lack those early
advantages which only the sons of the rich can
enjoy.
I know, sir, it is said that in this country any
man may become learned. My early ambition
was stimulated by being informed that Elihu
Burritt learned all the languages of the earth
while hammering at his anvil. I know not
whether this be true or false ; but I do know
that the information was of no assistance to
me. Here and there a young man will start
from the deepest obscurity and achieve won-
ders in the acquisition of learning. But for
every such case a knowledge of the world will
furnish us with a thousand poor boys, thrown
upon the world as orphans at ton or twelve
years of age, and compelled to hold out a help-
ing hand to younger sisters and brothers, who
have found it utterly impossible to acquire an
education, but who, under the dire necessities
of the case, have been spurred and driven into
successful careei's. Such men may be dis-
franchised by a vote of this body, but never
by my vote.
There are special reasons at this time why
such a system should be frowned upon. When
our recent war broke out patriotic fathers sent
their sons to the field. During that period of
awful trial, when the fate of the nation was
trembling in the balance, and our gallant youths
were breasting_the storms of war, the sons of
less patriotic citizens were enjoying the ad van-
tages of a college course. And now, when our
maimed soldiers have returned, and apply for
a Federal office, the duties of which they are
perfectly competent to discharge, they are to
be rejected to give place to those who were
cramming themselves with facts and piinciples
from the books, while they were bleeding for
their country, because they do not know the
fluctuations of the tide at the Cape of Good
Hope, how near the inoon ever approaches
the earth, or the names of the principal rivers
emptying into the Caspian sea.
Senators, Republican Senators, give your
votes and influence to accomplish this injus-
tice if yon will, but do not expect me to aid
you.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before this subject
passes from the consideration of the Senate,
