2250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
and the spans shall not be less than ten feet above
high-water mark to the bottom chord ofsaid bridge:
Provided, also, That said draw shall be opened
Promptly upon reasonable signal for the passage of
oats.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Sec. 2. That any bridge built under the provisions
of this aot may. at tho option of the oompany build-
ing the same, be buiit as a draw-bridge, with apivot
or other l'orrn of draw, or with unbroken or contin-
uous spans: Provided, That if the said bridge shall
be mode with unbrokeu and continuous spans, it
shall not be of less elevation, in any case, than fifty
feet above extreme high-water mark, as understood
at the point of location, to the bottom chord of the
bridge; nor shall the spans of said bridge be less
than two hundred and fifty feet in length; and the
piers of said bridgo shall bo parallel with the cur-
rent of the river, andthemain span shall be over
the main channel of the river, and not less than
three hundred feet in length: And provided also,
That if any bridge built under this act shall be con-
structed as a draw-bridge, the same shall be con-
structed as a pivot draw-bridge, with a draw over
the main channel of the river at an accessible and
navigable point, and with spans of not less than one
hundred and sixty feet in length in the clear on
each side of the central or pivot-pier of the draw;
and tho next adjoining spans to the draw shall not
be less than two hundred and fifty leet; and said
spans shall not be less than thirty feet above low-
water mark, and not les3 than ten above extreme
high-water mark, measuring to the bottom chord
of the bridge; and the piers of said bridge shall be
parallel with the current of the river: And pro-
vided also, That said drawshall be opened promptly
upon reasonable signal, for tho passage of bouts;
and in no ease shall unnecessary delay occur in
opening the said draw daring or after tho passage
ox trains.
Sec. 3. That any bridge constructed under this act,
and according to its limitations, shall be a lawful
structure, and shall be known and recognized as a
post route, upon which, also, no higher charge shall be
made for thetransmission over thesameol the mails,
the troops, and the munitions of war of the United
StateB than the rate per mile paid for their trans-
portation over the railroads or public high ways lead-
ing to the said bridge, and the United States shall
have the right of way for postal telegraph purposes
across said bridge.
Sec. 4. That ail railway companies desiring to use
the said bridgo shall have and be entitled to equal
rights and privileges in the passage of the same, and
intheuseoftliemachinery and fixtures thereof, and
of all the approaches thereto, under and upon such
terms and conditions as shall be prescribed by the
Secretary ol War, upon hearing the allegations and
proofs of the parties in case thev shall not agree.
Sec. 5. That the structure herein authorized shall
be built under and subject to such regulations lor
the security of the navigation ofsaid river and lake
as the Secretary of War shall prescribe; and the said
struoture shall be at all times so kept and managed
as to offer reasonable and proper means for the pas-
sage of vessels through and under said structure;
and the said structure shall be changed at the cost
and expense ol the owners thereof, from time to
time, as Congress rnuy direct, so as to preserve the
free and convenient navigation of said river; and
tho authority to erect and continuesaid bridgeshali
be subject to revocation by law whenever the public
good shall, in the judgment ol Congress, so require.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was" read the third time, and
OSAGE TltUST LANDS.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 873. A bill
like this was reported from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and whiie it was lying on the
table the same bill passed the House of Rep-
resentatives, and I asked when it came over
the other day that it lie on the table until it
could be printed, so that we could compare it.
The chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs was in his seal, a moment ago, and
told me he had compared it with the bill
■which the committee had reported. I merely
want to pass the House bill instead of the
Senate bill, so as to close the matter.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. B. No. 873) lor the relief
of settlers on the Osage lands in the State of
Kansas.
It provides that the Osage Indian trust and
diminished reserve lands in the State of Kan-
sas (excepting the sixteenth and thirty-sixlh
sections in each township) shall be subject to
disposal for cash only, to actual settierg, in
quantities not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acres, or one quarter section to each, in
compact form, in accordance with the general
principles of the preemption laws, under the
direction of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office; but claimants are to file their
declaratory statements as prescribed in other
cases upon unoffered lands, and to pay for the
tracts respectively settled upon within one
year from date of settlement where the' plat
of survey is on file at that date, and within
one year from the filing of the township plat
in the district office where such plat is not on
file at date of settlement.
Any actual settler upon these lands who
may have failed to pay for and enter the land
settled upon by him under the act of July 15,
1870, prior to the 15th of November, 1871, as
required by the instructions of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, is to- have
three months from the date of the present act
in which to file his declaratory statement, and
is to prove up his claim and pay for the land
before the 1st day of January, 1873. And in
case of failure of any party to comply with
the provisions of the act, the land claimed by
him or her shall be subject to the settlement
and entry of any other qualified persons. All
persons availing themselves of tliis provision
are to pay at the time of making payment lor
their land interest on the total amounts paid
by them respectively, at the rate of five per
cent, per annum, from the date at which
they have been required to make payment
under the act of July 15, 1870, until the date
of actual payment. The twelfth section of
the act of Juiy 16, 1870, is amended so that
the aggregate amount of the proceeds of sale
received prior to the 1st day of March of each
year shall be the amount upon which the pay-
ment of interest shall be based.
The sale or transfer of bis or her claim on
any portion of these lands by any settler
prior to the issue of the Commissioner's in-
structions of April 26, 1871, shall not operate
to preclude the right of entry, under the pro-
visions of the act, upon another tract settled
upon subsequent to such sale or transfer if sat-
istactory proof of good faith be furnished upon
such subsequent settlement. The restrictions
of the preemption laws relatiug to previous
enjoyment of the preemption right, to re-
moval from one's own laud in the same State,
or the ownership of over three hundred and
twenty acres, are not to apply to any settler
actually residing on his or her claim at the
date of the passage of the act.
Mr. POMEROY. At the suggestion of the
Senator from Iowa, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, I move with his con-
currence to amend in the fourth line of the
second section by strikiyg out the words
"prior to the 15th of November, 1871, as re-
quired by the instructions of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office;" so as to
read:
That any actual settler upon these lands who may
have failed to pay for and entertheland settled upon
by him, under the act of July 15,1870, shafl have
three months from the date of this aot in which he
may file his declaratory statement, &o.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This seems to me to be
a very important bill. I have not examined it
critically; I do not know whether it affects
the right of the Indians at all; but it contains
provisions that are directly in conflict with the
general preemption laws. I should like to
inquire of the Senator from Kansas if tbe
preeemption laws applicable to settlers gen
erally should not apply to these settlers, t
observe that this bill contains a provision
allowing a man who already owns three hun-
dred and twenty acres of land to preempt a
port-on of this land. The general law pro-
hibits that. Settlers who own half a section
of land in their own right are not permitted to !
preempt lands under the preemption laws, j
If 1 recollect its provisions—I only heard it !
read at the desk—it also changes the law as to |
the time when declaratory statements are to I
be filed, and when the land is to be paid for
under the general pregmption laws. I should
like to inquire of the Senator from Kansas
why these special provisions are here ; why,
if this land is to be opened to preemption, it
should not be subject to all the general laws
governing preemption rights?
Mr. POMEROY. This diminished reserve
the Government is to sell in trust for the
Indians.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How large is it?
Mr. POMEROY. The whole original reserve
is eight hundred thousand acres ; but a part
of it was ceded land and part of it trust lands.
This applies to the diminished reserve and to
the ceded land.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How much?
Mr. POMEROY. Four or five hundred
thousand acres of this the Government took
to sell in trust for the Indians o.t $1 25 an
acre to actual settlers, and no one else. It
provided that settlers should make their pay-
ment within one year from the date of settle-
ment; but during that year the Government
failed to survey the lands and have the sur-
veys reported to the General Land Office, so
that no one could file until after the survey,
and the year was out before the survey. So
they come in now to get an extension for an-
other year after the survey, because no one can
file, no one can pay, the lands cannot be admin-
istered upon until they are surveyed. They
are now all surveyed, but the settlers' time is
out because they were on a year before the
survey, and the law provided that they should
have but one year from the date of settlement
to pay. They are ou the land, their year is
out, they cannot pay, and this bill allows them
three months from the date of the passage of
the act to file and a single year to pay, but it
makes them pay five per cent, interest for this
time that they have been on the land from the
expiration of their first entry until they do
pay, so that the Indians in that event cannot
lose anything. The Government, taking ' ins
land in trust to sell for the Indians, uid not
open it to preemption. A great many men i;i
the West having enjoyed preemption once are
poor men now, and any person, under tha pre-
emption law, if he has had the preemption
once, cannot again. This bill was drawn pur-
posely to allow poor men who have had ono
preemption, but are still poor, to take these
lands and pay for them, and in this respect
the preemption law is waived.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did the original law
allow a man who owned three hundred and
twenty acres of land to go upon this land and
preempt?
Mr.'POMEROY. Yes, sir. The origin?!
bill did nothing but devote the land to actual
settlers. _ It did not slate whether they were
entitled to premption or not, but sold them
to actual settlers at $1 25 an acre, aud they
were to pay the money in one year.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What reason can the
Senator give for allowing a man who is the
owner of a half section of land to pregmpt
this land when he does not allow him to pre-
empt any oiher land?
Mr. POMEROY. I do not suppose there
is such a case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill provides for it,
Mr. POMEROY. The oath prescribed for
preemptors is in one fotm ; that is, thej' have
to swear that they have not borne arms against
the United States; that they have not had a
preemption of three hundred and twenty
acres; that they have not heretofore enjoyed
the right of preemption, and this is drawn
to waive that oath. I do not suppose thero
is a poor man there who has three hundred
and twenty acres. It waives that oath. Ha
only has to swear that he 13 a citizen ; that
he is of the age of twenty-one years, and
that he takes this land-for a homestead for
himself, and will pay for it within a year.
That is ell there is of it.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
