3146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
York line. If the contract is with anybody
else, they are not obliged to do so.
Mr. MORTON. Is the New York line to
be monthly or semi-monthly ?
Mr. NYE. Just as they please. I want to
inquire if that is the position, that any bidder
•who goes against them has this advantage of
not being obliged to keep up this live thou-
sand mile line once a mon-th, but if they bid
for it they have got to keep it up. That is the
English of it. if I am correct in that I want
to propose ano'her amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill is open
to further amendment.
Mr. NYE. I want to amend by making a
provision that any other line contracting for
the China service shall be obliged likewise to
keep up the line from San Francisco to New
York.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to lay that
amendment on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada moves the amendment which he
has indicated, and the Senator from Kentucky
moves that that amendment lie on the table.
The motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
Mi. CASSERLY. We have provided in
form fur a competition tor this contract.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
will suspend. The Senator from Nevada will
send his amendment in writing.
Mr. CASSEkLY. By a torra of words we
have provided for a regular letting of the con-
tract for the China and Japan service, and a
competition for it. The Senator from Indiana
never was more light, however, than when he
said that that, was merely a form; that there
would be no competition for it by reason of
the frame of the bill. You require that the
service shall be performed iu ships of four
thousand tons burden, American ships, built
of iron ; so tar as the new ships are concerned,
and so far as the present snips are concerned,
they are regulated, of course, by the previous
law.
Now, what company, being an American
company and no other, can bid. can be a com-
petitor with the Pacific mail company for this
contract? Will some Senator tell me? All
the ia:k about the disadvantage at which my
amendment places the Pacific mail company
in competing witu other companies who are
not charged with the ooligation of keeping up
the Panama line, simply amounts to nothing
whatever. There will be 110 competition.
Theie is no line that can take this contract,
except the one tlvj.t has the contiact now ; and
hence it is not worth while toi any Senator to
lead the Senate to believe that the effect of my
amendment is to bring about an inequality in
the competition so far as the Pacific mail line
is concerned.
Mr. BOUEMAN. I have not taken any
interest in this subsidy business; I believe i
have voted against all the subsidies proposed ;
but it seems to me that the amend nent which
we have adopted upon 'he motion of the Sen-
ator from Calif tmh may deieat entirely the
purpose of tne subsidy granted to the line to
China and Japan. As has been well said
here, we impose upon this particular company
now running the line to China and Japan the
performance of double the duty they would be
required to perform had not that amendment
been adopted. It may prevent them from
accepting this additional semi-monthly ser
vice. It it be true that they are able to run
the line from New York to San Francisco, by
way of the Isthmus of Panama, at a loss, as I
understand thev have been doing until the
past winter, and make up that loss out of the
additional semi-monthly line to China under
this subsidy, that is a pretty strong evidence
that the subsidy we gave iu this instance was
too much, that it ought not to have been
given.
But I know very little about these matters.
It seems to me if gentlemen on the Pacific
coast wish to have semi-.monthly service to
China the amendment, which has just been
adopted is very inappropriate.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. There are
several other amendments to be offered. I
move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WINDOM. I am very sure we can
conclude th's bill in ten or fifteen minutes.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I insist on
the motion.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the pending amendment of the Sen-
ator from Nevada.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to add
to the amendment adopted on the motion of
the Senator from California—
Provided, That said requirement shall in all re-
spects apply to any party contracting for the servico
between San Francisco, China, and Japan, as well
as to the Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to say that that
is totally inapplicable. There is but one com- j
pany, as I said, that can compete for the con- i
tract to be let. and that is the only company i
which has a line between New York and San j
Francisco. Nobody knows that better than ]
the Senator from Nevada. j
Mr. NYE. I understand it precisely so, |
but this will not do any hurt, and that insures j
you a line between New York and San Fran- j
cisco any way.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am very glad to have I
the assistance of the Senator from Nevada in j
keeping up a lin" between New York and San
Francisco via the Isthmus of Panama : but I
think the means that he is taking to accom-
plish it are precisely the means best calcu-
lated to defeat it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it quite obvious
that this last amendment could not have been
designed to interfere in favor of this Pacific
Mail Steamship Company; but the effect of
it is just such as it would have if it had been
drawn by their own counsel; for if you say to
outsiders, " You are to get up your new ships
a"d run the line, and you must also run this
Atlantic line with new ships in order to get
ttie subsidy," they cannot do it: and there-
fore it ic, in effect saying that no man shall bid
for this China s rvice except the Pacific Mail
Steamship Com pain. '.vhereas as you leave it
now, if this company on the Pacfic line bid
under the others we still require them to keep
up iheir line on the Atlantic side to connect
New York with California. Bat if you add
I thi-5 provision, it is in effect to Sn.y that, nobody
j but the Pacific Mail company shall bid for the
j Pacific service, because no one can do ii. If
| the new bidder is obliged not only to get his
! new ships for the Pacific, bat also new ships
I for the Atlantic, he cannot do it.
Mr. CONKLING. Bat take it the other
way;, would he be willing to have the require-
ment stand as we have adopted it applicable
to the Pacific mail? If some other company
underbid thein on the west side, they may
have this subsidy without furmsning any ser-
j vice on the Atlantic side at all.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; I should be
entirely willing.
Mr. CONKLING. I should not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should be willing, for
the reason that in order to get this service on
the Pacific side they are obliged to underbid
the Pacific mail, which we all know as a fact
will be the chief bidder, as it will be able to
bid undoubtedly iess than any other person or
company, for the reason that it has all its con-
nections, and all its ships, and all its capital.
Therefore, if you adopt this amendment, it is in
effect sayi.ig that nobody but, the Pacific mail
shall have the, contract at all, and they can
bid just as high as they like; whereas if you
l^ave it as the Senator ftom California has left
it, you only provide that if they do get this, as
they undoubtedly will—for they can do this
work on the Pacific cheaper than anybody
else—they shall still keep up the connection
they have been keeping up for years.
Mr. CONKLING. Tne argument of tfe
Senator from Vermont, if I apprehend it, pro-
vides entirely too much. ^ He savs, if I under-
stand him, that the Pacific Mail company is
practically certain to get this contract on the
west side. Why? Because they are alieady
equipped and prepared to do the work. Now
he says thev will naturally underbid any-
body else. Very well; then this amendment
takes no effect whatever. But to avoid that,
he turns around and says, "Now, I object to
it, because if somebody on the west side does
underbid the Pacific mail, then this amend-
ment will require them on the Atlantic side to
conform to the same rules that the Pacific mail
would conform to "——
Mr. EDMUNDS. But. at. a still less price.
Mr. CONKLING. No, I beg pardon; not
a still less price. Let us see. The amend-
ment of the Senator from California just
adopted imposes upon the Pacific Mail com-
pany the obligation to maintain an Atlantic
ocean service as well as a Pacific ocean ser-
vice. That is the point, and object, of that
amendment. The Senator from Nevada says,
if this is aimed at the Pacific Mail company
alone, inasmuch as you have opened the west
side to competition, somebody else may come
in and bid and take the whole of this sub-
sidy with that contract, and not be under the
slightest obligation to maintain anything on
the Atlantic side or the Pacific side from
Panama up. That is true, as I understand the
effect of it; and it would be grossly unjust.
Why? Because you give a subsidy to one
party for running simply from San Francisco
to Yokohama, wherea3 if the other party un-
dertakes to compete you say they must run
three thousand miles down the Pacific side to
the Is.thtr.us and then run from the Isthmus
on the Atlantic shore up to the city of New
York How could we justify that? If the
Pacific Mail company has done anything which
deserves retiibuiion, invidious distinction, out-
law! y from equality, this subsidy should not
be granted at ail; but to say that in the case
of the Pacific mail we require five or six thou-
sand miles more of service than we do from
anybody else is simply to give the Pacific
mail a black eye, while pretending to grant
them a subsidy, at, the same time offering a
bounty and leward to everybody else to come
in and take it upon far better terms.
Mr. Pies'di-nt, one of two thirrgs is true:
either the Pacific mail is practically to be the
only bidder, end then this amendment will take
no effect whatever except to give the face of
the hill a fair and impartial look or else the
Pacific mail is to meet a competitor ; there is
to be " another Richmond in the field " on the
Pacific side; and in that event the Pacific mail
and all other comers should bid upon the
terms of precise equality. As the image of
justice is represented as blind, so this Senate
should be biin d when it passes a bill inviting
all comers to be bidders under it; it should
be blind to the personalty of those parties;
blind to everything which would enable the
Senate to discover anything in the way ot
favoriiism.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
a question ? .-
Mr. CONKLING. Not at this moment, it
the Senator will pardon me, because the five
minutes are substantially up, and therefore,
as he sometimes does, I decline to yield to
him. _ .,
Now, Mr. President, I repeat that it worn
be just as unfair, just as far from impartiality,
just as great an infraction ot even the pre-
tense of fairness, when you advert.se for t e
lowest bidder, to impose such terms that on y
one pi-rson can bid, as it would be to Picl£,01ii
the Pacific mail byname, and say they
be visited with such and such discriminati«a
