1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2251
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
professors. b. i'. mouse
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, there was
a concurrent resolution that was laid on the
table on my motion the other day that came
from the House of Representatives concerning
the late Professor Morse. I now move that
that lesoiution be referred to the Committee
on the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
SARAH A. WARD.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. There is a bill
which I trust the Senate will suffer me to pass,
Senate bill No. 739, for the relief of Sarah A.
Ward. It is unanimously reported by the
Committee on Naval Affairs, has once passed
the Senate, but failed because of the termina-
tion of the session.
Tbe VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, but the Senator from New
Jersey, who has risen several times during the
last fifteen minutes, but has been unable to
obtain the floor, asks unanimous consent to
consider a bill reported by the Committee
on Naval Affairs. Is there objection? The
Chair hears no objection, and the bill (S. No.
789) for the relief of Sarah A. Ward is before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Sarah A. Ward,
widow of the late Commander James H. Ward,
of the United States Navy, the sum of $5,000
in full and complete compensation and satis-
faction for the past and future use by the
United Slates of an improvement in naval
gun-carriages invented by said James H. Ward.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
ordett of business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The unfinished
business of Friday is before the Senate, being
the Indian appropriation bill; but the Senate
by unanimous consent also ordered that to-
day after one o'clock bills reported from the
Committee on Claims should be considered.
By the fifteenth rule the unfinished business
has priority. Tbe Chair now recognizes the
Senator from Wisconsin, the chairman of the
Committee on Claims, lie may test the sense
cf the Senate on proceeding with the Indian
appropriation bill or taking up the special
order for to-day.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senator from Cali-
fornia if he has any objection to the appro-
priation bill being laid aside informally?
Mr. COLE. I should like to have the reg-
ular order proceeded with. It will be for the
Senate to decide otherwise. I do not think
I would be justifiable in being a party to the
postponement of action on any of the appro-
priations bills, they being so far behindhand.
Certainly my vote will be in favor of proceeding
with them. lam now informed, and have been
frequently, that the deficiency bill embodies ap-
propriations upon which the question of carry-
ing ou the judicial department of the Govern-
ment depends, and that the officers of that de-
partment of the Government are borrowing
money wherever they can to carry on the busi-
ness, and great loss necessarily results to the
Government in ease they are not able, as they
are not in some cases, to provide the means.
To illustrate I have only to state that the wit-
nesses, jurors, and litigants, are oftentimes
Dent back from the courts for the want of the
means to pay them, and of course a great deal
of expense in that way is incurred which the
Government will be responsible for in due
time.
I think tho better course, therefore, would
be to get through with the appropriation bills
and then let the committees be called in their
order. I dislike very much to interfere with
tbe chairman of the Committee on Claims, to
whom this day was set apart, subject to the
unfinished business. For that reason I hope
he will not ask me to pass over the appropria-
tion bill informally, as it will result in the loss
of a day or two perhaps to this committee. I,
of course, can only express the hope that the
Senate will proceed with the unfinished busi-
ness, but if they vote otherwise, it will not be
my responsibility.
Mr. HOWE. If the Senator does not feel
at liberty to comply with my request, of course
I cannot insist upon it; but I certainly think
that the Senate, in view of the fact that they
did not consider the immediate passage of the
appropriation bill sufficiently important to.
induce them to sit here on Saturday, will not
think it so very important as to deny to the
large army of claimants who are hanging
about the Capitol this one sitting of the Sen-
ate to consider their bills. I must therefore
move to lay the pending order, the appropria-
tion bill, upon the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Indian ap-
propriation bill coming up as the unfinished
business, the day having been assigned to the
consideration of reports from the Committee
on Claims, and the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations declining to allow the
appropriation bill to be passed over informally,
the Senator from" Wisconsin moves that the
appropriation, bill be laid upon the table, the
effect of which, if carried, will be to allow the
order for the consideration of bills reported
from the Committee on Claimstobe executed.
Mr. COLE. On that question let us have
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered : and being
taken, resulted—yeas27, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Carpenter, Cas-
serly, Chandler, Cooper, Oagin, Davis of West Vir-
ginia, 1'erry of Michigan, Hill, Howe, Kelly. Logan,
Norwood, Osborn, Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Sauls-
'oury, Scott, Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,
Trumbull. Wilson, and .Wright—27.
NAYS — Messrs. Ames, Buckingham, Cameron,
Cole, Oorbett, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut, Fre-
linf?huysen, Gilbert. Hamlin, Harlan, Morrill of
Maine,Morrill ofVermont, Morton, Pomeioy, Saw-
yer, Sprague, and Wmdom—18.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony. Bayard, Boreman,
Brownlow, Caldwell. Clayton, Corikimg, Davis uf
Kentucky, Fcnton, Flanagan, Goldthwaite, Ham-
ilton of Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock,
Johnston, Kellogg, Lewis, Nye, Patterson. Pool,
Rice, Schurz, Sherman, Spencer, Tkurman, Tipton,
Vickers, and West—28.
So the motion was agreed to.
mrs. martha h. house russell,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order of
the Senate made on the 1st of April, to set
apart this day after one o'clock to the consid-
eration of bills reported from the Committee
on Claims, is now in operation. Unless a
division should be demanded the Chair will
regard the bills moved by the Senator from
Wisconsin as being taken up by vote of the
Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Except those reported
to-day, which must go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Instead of divid-
ing on each bill, they will be regarded as he-
fore the Senate, subject to a demand for a
division.
Mr. HOWE. I now ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
163.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 163)
for the relief of Mrs. Martha L. House Russell.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Mrs. Martha L. House Russell, formerly
Martha L. House, $14,975, in full compen-
sation for the losses sustained by her in the
latter part of Decemher, 1862, and the early
part of January, 1863, by the appropriation
and use, by the Union forces, for the benefit
of the wounded at the battle of Stone River,
and for use at the hospitals, of forty-four bales
of cotton, twenty thousand pounds of seed
cotton, her house supplies, and beds, bedding,
clothing, carpets, cotton clotb, and wine, being
the sum ascertained to be due ber by a board
of claims organized by the War Department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is there a report in that
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a re-
port.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us hear it read.
The Chief Clerk read' the following report,
submitted by Mr. Pratt, from the Committee
on Claims, on the 13th of December, 1871:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petition of Dr. Leonidas Russell and his wife,
Martha L. House Russell, praying compensation
for property of hers taken and used by the troops
of the United States at the battle of Stone River,
submit the following report:
On tho 30th day ot December, 18G2, Mrs. Martha
L. House, then a widow, was living upon hor large
plantation, in Rutherford county. Tennessee, a few
miles north of Murfreesborough, at the time of the
advance of the Union forces against the army com-
manded by General Bragg. The third division of
the twenty-first Army corps, commanded by Gen-
eral Crittenden, encamped on her place. It was at
the time in good repair and well stocked. She had
at her cotton-gin forty-four bale^ of cotton and
about twentv thousand pounds of unginned cotton.
Her house was well supplied with eatables, beds,
bedding, carpeting, and clothing.
The battle of Stone River soon after ensued, and
her premises were occupied by the Union forces for
several days. General Crittenden using her house
part of the time for his headquarters. Tho fences
were used by the soldiers for fuel, while the live
stock on the place was consumed for food. All the
cotton, ginned and unginned, all the beds and bed-
ding, the carpcts in the house, the clothing and cot-
ton cloth, indeed everything in tho house and upon
the farm that could bo made useful lor bandages
and bedding for the wounded soldiers and in sup-
plying the field hospitals, was unsparingly taken
and used by the surgeons and other officers of our
forces. The wagons and ambulances used in trans-
porting to tho rear the wounded men wero bedded
with cotton. Her house and all tho outbuildings
wero converted, for the time being, into a hospital,
the cotton, bedding, oloth-ing, <&c., being used for
beds for the wounded. She had a uuantity of wine
in the house; all this, with whatever provision she
had on hand, was consumed. When tho wounded
were removed, their bedding was taken along. She
estimates her losses, independent oi'the stock oil tho
place and the fences destrojod, at $17,760, and thus
itemizes her account.
44 bales of cotton, 2,200 pounds, at 60 cents per
pound $13,2U0
20,OOt) pounds seed cotton, at 15 cents per
pound    3.000
7 feather beds and pillows, at >>0 each  350
7 mattresses, at $15 each  1C5
t> coverlets, at $15 each  00
8 pan s blankets, at £25 per pair  200
20 counterpanes, at $12 each    240
6 carpets, at $70 each  420
150 yards cotton cloth, (Osnaburg,) at 50 ^
cents per yard    /5
20 gallons wine, at S4 per gallon  80
Total $17,760
A board of claims, organized by tbe War Depart-
ment, has given this claim a very full investigation,
and the committee availed themselves of their labors.
Their conclusion as to the extent and circumstances
ot this lady's losses is fully wariunlcd by tho evi-
dence which tho War Department has furnished the
committee.
The committee append hereto the letter of tbe
Surgeon General of January 6,1871,marl;cd Exhibit
A, and also a copy ot the report of tho board of offi-
cers included in the letter, and marked Kxhibit 3d.
It will be seen that the board andSuigejn General
concur in tho opinion thr-t her losses amount to
the sum of $14,97o.
It will also be seen that the hoard, while fully in-
dorsing the merits of Mis. Russell's claim for com-
pensation, felt themselves constrained from recom-
mending payment by the terms of the act of February
21, 1867, and refer tho claimant to Congress lor
relief.
Mrs. House was married to Dr. Kussell on tho20th
day of January, 1865. This claim is now prosecuted
in their joint names.
The affidavits of both have been before the com-
mittee. From these, and much independent testi-
mony, tho loyalty of the claimants ir> put beyond
all que&tioa. No compensation been niado to
either. ,
Tho evidence is very volumiisom", and beerns to be
trustworthy. Tho proof that cotton was ■worth&ixty
confcc per pouud at that time and place is farnio->ed
by tho overseer, the neighbors, v.nd persons
made actual sales about (hat ii:ne in Nashvnte.
But the board reduced that item ro nicy cent* per
pound. Several other items in the account wero
likewise reduced, making tho difference betweeu
her estimate and that of tho board near $3,000.
It does not appear that any of the property taiu
appropriated was over recovered.
The committee, after giving full consideration to
the evidence which was before the board of claims,
