1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Am
42d Cong.... 2d Sess.
Extension of Ku Klux Act—Mr. Alcorn.
Senate.
fruit of tlie rule of the bayonet presents with
the election that occurred in 1871, when the
people of the State went peaceably and quietly
to the polls without the interruption of a single
riot.
Standing here a representative of that State
in every sense of the word, am I not justified
under this recital of the actual facts in declar-
ing against the impolicy, the impropriety, and
wrong of placing the liberties of my people
under the point of the pen of the President of
the United States? If I desired to defeat
General Grant at the next election I would
say pass this bill and extend the period of time
for the suspension ofthe writ of habeas corpus
in the southern States; give the presidential
candidate who is going into the canvass (or
reelection the power to menace the people of
the South, by showing tliera that he holds
their liberties in the hollow of bis hand, that
at any moment he sees proper he is free to
follow up any of their votes by placing them in
prison! If I desired the defeat of General
Grant I would say pass this law, and then let
"him ask the southern people for their votes
with this menace in his hands.
If they are expected to support him for the
Presidency they will not do so, I warn his
friends, save in the plenitude of a freedom of
election common to the people of the nation.
The white people of the State of Mississippi
have not felt unkindly toward President
Grant. From the time when he won their
respect at the head of his Army, from the time
that he became the representative of the prow-
ess of this nation, from the time that he be-
came the representative of its majesty, they
■ have regarded him with favor. From the time
that he was sent to the South, and reported
favorably upon the condition of southern
society, their hearts went out to him with
gratitude. From the time when he stood be-
tween General Lee and other officers of the
confederate army and the prison-house, their
hearts went toward him with profound respect.
They feel no enmity, no antipathy, toward
President Grant. They feel, too, that he is
not responsible for some of the men wb.o have
been sent amoi>g them to control and govern,
who have been sent among them to fan the
passions of the races ; men who are chosen
agents for stirring up strife. Feeling that the
President is not responsible for this painful
state of facts, the people of Mississippi charge it
upon theSenator, their co-residentof Natchez!
The Senator from Indiana inquired whether
there has been any Ku Klux convicted in
Mississippi. I said no, not while I was Gov-
ernor. I say that there has been none con-
victed yet; andlet me tell the Senator justliere
that they will not be convicted in Mississippi,
notwithstanding I am here with shame to
confess that they have committed outrages and
wrongs. And if lie will permit me, I will
appeal to him as a lawyer, when I have stated
the case, to know whether chances do exist
for any convictions. Some three hundred
cases of Ku Klux outrage await trial, I
believe, in the northern district of Missis-
sippi. The district attorney there is, so far as
1 know, a clever young man. I have nothing
to say against his private character. I under-
stand that he was a clerk .here two years ago
in one of the Departments. He went down
to Mississippi as the chief clerk of an internal
revenue collector, and that internal revenue
collector kept, all the money that be collected,
as the records I believe show. He kept, at
all events, a very large amount of it. That
internal revenue collector was appointed at
the instance, I am told, of the Senator from
Mississippi who sits to the right of the Sen-
ator from Indiana.
Mr. AMES. Permit me to remark here
that that is another false statement.
Mr. ALCORN. Well, sir, if it is a false
statement, it is one that I have received upon
the authority of the Representative from that
district. I am prepared to meet such declara-
tions as the gentleman gives. Wheu I assert
here a fact, I think he might reply in a dif-
ferent language than he does. 1 can assure
that Senator that while I may stand here to
treat him with severity, I shall not forget
courtesy ; I stand not here to receive from him
any rudeness of phrase.
I stated the fact that I was informed by the
Representative from the district that it was
at the instance of the Senator from Mississippi
that Emery was appointed internal revenue
collector. The Senator says it was not
at his instance. Well, I would ask who had
him appointed? I know the fact, for I have
seen the protest, that the Representatives in
Congress from the State of Mississippi pro-
tested against Emery's appointment. They
protested against it; and I have now a copy
of the written protest that they filed against
his appointment. I had never heard it inti-
mated before, and did not know, that the Sen-
ator denied that he was instrumental in having
him appointed. His statement in regard to
the fact, however, I receive.
But, sir, to return to the case. This dis-
trict attorney was taken from one of the
Departments here and sent down to Missis-
sippi as Emery's clerk. I have heard no
imputation upon that clerk. I charge noth-
ing m regard to him ; but after Emery had
been found in flagrant default this clerk that
never had a brief in his life was made the dis-
trict attorney for the northern district of Mis-
sissippi 1 He represents the United States
to-day in the presence of one,of the most
subtle, eloquent, and learned bars in all the
South. I appeal to any lawyer here to know
how long he supposes it will take this clerk
of au internal revenue collector to prosecute
to conviction a Ku Klux that has as much as
$500 to pay a lawyer?
While I was Governor of Mississippi I em-
ployed counsel to assist this lawyer by appoint-
ment, knowing that he had not experience to
cope with the bar. Under their prosecutions
a large number of Ku Klux, or those who
were charged with being Ku Klux, were bound
over. The bar of Mississippi, I will state to
the Senator, loves Jaw and order. When I
applied to any of its members to prosecute
the Ku Klux I met the response, without a
single moment of hesitation, " I am ready to
do anything that I can do to enforce the law."
Mr. PRATT. I beg to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi whether he refers to Mr.
Wells as district attorney?
Mr. ALCORN. I do.
Mr. PRATJ1. I had the pleasure of meet-
ing Mr. Wells while I was in Mississippi last
fall, taking testimony as the chairman of a
sub-committee, and 1 formed a different opin-
ion of his legal ability and legal requirements
from the opinion the Senator fro^n Mississippi
has expressed. I furthermore had occasion
to examine the record of the trial upou the
writ of habeas corpus before Judge Hill.
The honorable Senator is, of course, familiar
with the greal trial that was had upon that
writ before Judge .Hill last fall.
Mr. ALCORN. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRATT. I had occasion to look over
the arguments of counsel upon both sides. I
saw that the district attorney, Mr. Wells, bore
a very conspicuous part in arguing the ques-
tions of fact and law presented to the judge.
I also noticed that he was complimented for
his ability and skill by the distinguished coun-
sel upou the other side, Judge Goldsborough,
and Colonel Reynolds perhaps. From my
conversation with him really I formed the
opinion that he was an able man; a young
man, to be sure, but pretty well skilled in the
practice of his profession as a criminal lawyer.
Mr. ALCORN. The Mississippi, bar has
always been characterized for its courtesy,
and it is very rare that they fail to compliment
counsel on the opposite side. I stated the
fact in regard to Mr. Wells's qualifications as
a lawyer at the time he was appointed district
attorney. So far a  Mr. Wells is concerned, I
have met him, and lie appears to be, as the
Senator says, an intelligent young man. But
I apprehend that the Senator himself will
agree that a man wanting in experience, aa
Mr. Wells was at the time he entered upon the
discharge of so important a duty, however
talented he may be, however earnest and in-
dustrious he may be, was scarcely able to cope
with, so learned a bar as exists in north Mis-
sissippi in the trial of Ku Klux especially wheD
the sympathies and intelligence of the State, as
charged by the Senator from Mississippi, were
upon the side of the Ku Klux.
I simply charge that inasmuch as a Federal
appointmeut does not make a lawyer, this
young -man, pitchforked from the desk of a
revenue collector into an oflBce requiring skill
and learning, had neither knowledge nor expe-
rience to enable him to cope with a bar unsur-
passed in the practice of criminal law ; and 1
state this as one of the reasons why he was
not and will not be successful in prosecuting
the Ku Klux.
Sir, it is the interest of every planter iu the
State of Mississippi that the colored man upon
his plantation shall be secure in his person—
that he shall feel secure in all that he accumu-
lates. It would be doing wrqng to the intelli-
gence of those people to charge them with
usiug toward the colored people a violence
that would drive them out of the State. They
have every reason to deal with the colored
people kiudly. They have every reason to
meet them on terms of friendship, to deal
with them justly, and to cultivate with them
the most friendly relations. Notwithstanding
the circumstances which have existed to dis-
turb the relations between the colored people
and the white people, those relations would ■
be restored to their old cordiality were it not
for those unscrupulous adventurers'who exist
upon the passions of the two races.
Why, sir, the very condition of our society,
the Senator from Indiana will see, is such as
to force us, whether we would or not, to pro-
tect the people of color. Our desire to culti-
vate our lands, our desire to recover our for-
tunes, point to the cultivation of friendly rela-
tions with, the colored people, and to the
necessity which rests on us for suppression of
the Ku Klux. The men who belonged to the
Ku Klux bands were, as a rule, men of despe-
rate character, men of violence, men who were
reckless, who were in despair, and whose
desire would seem to be to destroy all that
remains of the hope of the country. The
intelligence of the South, the Christianity of
the South, the good feeling of the South, the
interest of the South have condemned that
infamous organization. If political provoca-
tion do not intervene, all these influences will
hold violence in effective check in the State
for which I am here to speak under all the
proprieties that give representation legitimacy.
Mr. PRATT. I wish to inquire ofthe hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi what steps in
the past the influential classes of the South
have taken for the purpose of putting a stop
to these Ku Klux outrages? He spoke him-
self of having a secret service fund at his com1
mand for that purpose. Does he know of
any rewards offered by communities or by
individuals for the purpose of discovering any
of the perpetrators of these outrages? Does
he know of any public meetings that weire
called in which resolutions were passed de-
nouncing these outrages and expressing a
determination to put a stop to them?
Mr. ALCORN. Yes, sir, I know of re-
