1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1355
colleague regarding the educational interests
of my State. An examination of the history
of the legislation of Texas upon the subject
of education will show to what extent the
Democratic party has provided for common
schools in every one of her several constitu-
tions, and the history of the Democratic party
will also show how clearly it has managed
"how not to do it." The congress of the
republic of Texas, some years previous to the
existence of the Democratic party in that
region, set apart first four leagues, or 17,712
acres of land, as a school fund, which endow-
ment was continued under the State; but there
was a prohibition upon the disposal of these
lands except by lease, which provision was
continued until the session of the Democratic
constitutional convention in 1866, when it was
changed.
The Democratic Legislature of that year
passed a law providing for the sale of these
lands at public auction. Under the circum-
stances which surrounded the people of the
State at that time, just emerged from civil
war, the energies of the people paralyzed and
their substance wasted in war, the only result
of such a sale would have been to pass this
fund away into the hands of land speculators
and corporations, and that such was the object
of this Democratic legislation has never been
doubted or disputed'except by the virtuous
Democracy itself.
Under the constitution of 1845 one tenth of
the annual resources of the State were set apart
as a school fund. After the sale of the Santa
Fe territory to the United States the Legisla-
ture enacted a law, approved January 31,1854,
setting apart a portion of the proceeds of the
sale for the same purpose. The following is
the first section of the act:
"Beitenacted,<fce., Thatthe sum of.52,000,000 of the
five percent, bonds ot theUnited States now remain-
ing in the treasury of the State be set apart as a
school fund for the support and maintenance of
public schools, which shall be called the special
school fund," &c.
These $2,000,000 have been magnified by
the fruitful imagination of Mr. Hebndon" into
$5,000,000 ; a difference of only $3,000,000, a
mere bagatelle, but illustrative of the virtues
of the Democratic imagination on the subject
of education in Texas. This act was entitled
"An act to establish a system of schools." It
provided for the location of school-houses, but
that no money should be drawn for school pur-
poses until such houses and the necessaryfix-
tures were provided by the people of the school
district. Not a single public school-house
was ever so provided in all the broad State of
Texas, and the only distribution of money
under the law was made by an evasion of the
law in the use of private educational establish-
ments. There were other provisions which
made the law impracticable for any general
good. It provided that if any portion of the
patrons of the school established under it were
unable to pay their share of the teacher's sal-,
ary, and the trustees of the school were satis-
fied of the fact, they should report to the chief
justice of the county, who in turn reported the
fact and the name to the State treasurer, who
was thereupon authorized to pay the quota
thus reported. This was in effect the estab-
lishment of the pauper-school system, which
has been the bane of the South and prevented
the education of the people of that section,
and is the only system that has ever received
the sanction of the Democratic party.
But this poor apology for a system was soon
to pass away under another enactment brought
about by the Democratic party. On the 13th
of August, 185G, the succeeding Legislature
passed an act entitled "An act to provide for
the investment of the special school fund in
the bonds of railroad companies incorporated
by the State." The investment in United States
bonds was not altogether secure ; the value of
such securities might any day be destroyed by
the exercise of the sovereign right ot secession
by South Carolina, or Texas, or any other of
the southern States.
This act provided that the five per cent, in-
demnity bonds belonging to said special school
may and shall be loaned to legally incorpor-
ated railroad companies in the State, and to
place the thing beyond peradventure, by act
of February 13, 1860, the two per cent, sink-
ing fund was covered into the Treasury as
a part of the special school fund for reinvest-
ment either in the bonds of the aforesaid rail-
road or in those of any of the slave-holding
States of the Union. I call the attention of
the House to the Democratic wisdom dis-
played in this regard. This was a Democratic
provision for common schools in Texas before
the war. After the war the Democracy was
again placed in power under the " my policy "
of Andrew Johnson. The Democratic party
controlled the convention which passed the
constitution of 1866. The constitution pro-
vided that the income from the school fund
should be a perpetual fund exclusively for the
education of the white scholastic inhabitants
of the State. It prohibited the investment of
this fund except in bonds of the United States
of America or the bonds of the State of Texas,
or such bonds as the State may guarantee. The
last clause of the last sentence is the point
made by the Democracy of Texas again in
regard to common schools. Fortunately, how-
ever, that constitution has passed away.
The net result of Democratic rule was that
the $5,000,000 placed in the treasury by the
sale of South Santa Fe were wasted by Demo-
cratic misrule, and they only exist now in the
imagination of Democratic orators. The Re-
publican administration of the State is now
earnestly at work trying to gather up the odds
and ends and fragments of this magnificent
fund, the remains of which was sent to Europe
during the war to purchase military supplies
for the confederacy, which fund ought to have
contributed so largely to the education of the
people and the development of the State.
After the passage of the reconstruction lawa
the Republicans elected a majority of the con-
vention of 1868, which framed the present con-
stitution of the State. The first section of
article ten is aa follows:
" Section 1. It shall be the duty of the Legislature
of this State to make suitable provisions for the sup-
port and maintenance of a sj'stem of public schools
for the gratuitous instruction of all the inhabitants
of the State between the ages of six and sixteen
years."
The same article provides that the Legisla-
ture shall, from time to time, as may be neces-
sary, invest the principal of the public school
fund in the bonds of the United States, and
in no other security. The ring of this Repub-
lican metal is somewhat different from the
Democratic provisions for its investment in
the bonds of railroads, of slave-holding States
and guarantied bonds, and by this Republican
constitution one fourth of the ordinary reve-
nues are set apart for school purposes, and in
addition thereto one dollar poll-tax on every
adult male in the State, and, the proceeds of
all individual sales of the public domain. The
Republican Legislature elected under the con-
stitution proceeded in good faith to discharge
their constitutional duty—to make suitable
provisions for the support and maintenance of
a system of free public schools for all the
inhabitants of the State.
The available school fund having been wasted
by the misrule of the Democratic party, it be-
came necessary to levy a tax to carry out the
system, and, as has been already stated, there
never was a single public free-school house
erected within the limits of the State. A tax
of one per cent., to be levied and collected as
necessity should demand, was assessed upon
the property of the State for the purpose of
erecting school-houses. At once there arose
a slorm of abuse against the tax and the Re-
publican parly, upon which the Democratic
party achieved a temporary triumph in the late
election, but the sober second thought of the
people is already reacting on the subject.
The system has been put into operation in
various sections of the State, and to-day ninety
thousand children are in attendance upon the
public free schools, and the demand comes up
from all parts of the State for more schools
and more teachers. While the Democracy
are holding meetings in a few of the counties
denouncing the system and refusing to pay
their tax, and advising their friends not to pay
the school tax, the report of the superintend-
ent of education shows that up to the 1st day
of February, in the counties of Travis, Hayes,
Bastrop, Fayette, Caldwell, Wharton, Colo-
rado, Gonzales, and Lavaca, there is a total
of 234 teachers, 180 schools, 9,733 pupils;
and the cost per capita is $1 48.
The ordinary expense of a private school
averages about four dollars and fifty cents
per month for each scholar throughout, the
State, and the saving to the people of the
State in this behalf amounts to at least from
one hundred and fifty to two hundred per-
cent. Notwithstanding this excellent system,
within the past two weeks this Democratic
party who are so anxious to establish a free-
school system throughout the State have
burned two school-houses, one in Hill county,
and one in Dallas, and since the system was
first adopted, on the 1st day of September,
after thirty years of Democratic rule in igno-
rance, there have been burned in the State
of Texas at least twenty school-houses ; many
teachers have been taken out and whipped,
others have been driven from the country,
school-houses have been closed up because
the teachers have had the temerity to attend a
Republican meeting, and this in the town
of Brenham, in the county of Washington,
one of the most enlightened and wealthy coun-
ties in the State. The determined, bitter
opposition to the school system by the Dem-
ocratic party of the State of Texas, however,
will be of no avail.
The people who have been kept in ignorance
so many years are beginning to realize the
necessary results flowing from a common-
school system, and they are beginning to look
with suspicion upon the men whom they have
followed in years gone by. They find the same
men who led them into secession, who preached
the war of the rebellion, now the leaders in
all tax-payers' conventions, the leaders in all
attempts to resist the payment of the taxes,
and they stand at the head of every opposition
to every measure having the education and the
prosperity of the people at heart.
The people are realizing the folly of seces-
sion, of Democratic ideas of intellectual devel-
opment, which mainly consist in learning to
whine a mournful ditty concerning the " lost
cause," to ride a vicious mustang, to punch at
a ring with a bean-pole, and to curse at men
who are born outside the pale of their chivalric
civilization.
Here in Washington we are politely called
"non-resident partisan officials." In Texas
we are denounced as carpet-baggers, while
the native Unionist is disposed of as a scala-
wag or a nigger.
There has always existed in the South a
class of people highly educated, of superior
cultivation, consisting of the old slaveholding
aristocracy; and this class has ever held un-
disputed control of the government of the
States of that section, and has given shape
and tone to their legislative enactments. _ Thi3
class had the means to educate their children
and did educate thorn, generally in northern
schools and colleges, but this education was
based on the assumption, taught as the dogma
of religion from the pulpit,_ that the slavery
of the African was a divine institution.
There was also another class contemptu-
ously termed by the aristocracy 1' white trash,"
which formed a large foody of the people, who
were studiously deprived by legislative enact-
