460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18",
in the President alone, or the head of some
Department, or the courts ; but virtually this
power is not exercised by the President and
the heads of Departments, but it is controlled
by the Senators and Representatives in. Con-
gress.
Mr. CARPENTER. I desire to say to the
Senator that if he speaks of the fact in Illinois
I cannot, of course, contradict him* but speak-
ing of my own State and myself, I say that I
know of no such practice.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, Mr.President, I
cannot speak as to the rule in Wisconsin, but
this report which is before us states that that
is substantially the practice, and the President,
who must know as to the fact, indorses this
report and sends it to Congress. The Senator
from Wisconsin has seen and read this report,
and it cannot have escaped his observation
thatit does state the fact to be so. It is under-
stood to be the usage of the Government that
the local Representative from the district, if
politically in accord with the President, con-
trols, as a general rule, the appointments of
postmasters, and of collectors and assessors
of internal revenue in his district; and if that
is not the case in Wisconsin, as the Senator
from Wisconsin says, his State constitutes an
exception, I am sure, from the general prac-
tice that obtains throughout the country.
I read now from the report of the commis-
sioners:
" While, therefore, the appointing power is chiefly
ana properly vested in tho executive department,
because that department is responsible for executive
administration, yet the practice that has arisen
under the evil theory of the civil service tends to
make the President and Secretaries merely the ap-
pointment clerks of Congress, from which body the
Constitution carefully withholds tho appointing
power.
A report sent to us by the President of the
United States, and commended by him, states
the fact that he and tho heads of Departments
have become merely the appointment clerks
of Congress. Sir, that is a violation of the
Constitution of the United States, and one of
the objects of this civil service reform is to re-
store the Constitution to its original meaning,
to restore to the executive department of the
Government thepatronage which belongs to it,
and which has been unconstitutionally usurped
by Congress; and when it is argued here that
Senators^ and Representatives should control
the appointments from their respective States,
that is an argument against not only the spirit
but the letter of the Constitution, and a subver-
sion of our system of Government to that ex-
tent. It is the great source of evil in our civil
service system that Congressmen have usurped
functions belonging to the executive branch
of the Government.
In the civil service reform which I advocate
I have never been a stickler for competitive
examination. The want of scholarship on the
part of the appointees to office is not the great
difficulty. It lies beyond that. I said that I
should take no time iu defeuding these rules,
because I am informed (and I did not know it
before it was aunounced by the Senator from
Wisconsin) that they are not to go into opera-
tion. _ A competitive examination may be very
well in regard to clerks in the Departments
here, and in some other cases. I understand
it has been adopted in the Departments at
Washington for some years to great advantage,
but it may not answer so well in regard to other
officers. It is not the gieat panacea for exist-
ing evils, as the Senator from Wisconsin says,
and it is chiefly to the ulterior results of these
examinations that I look for much good. If
this competitive examination system were
adopted, and the appointments to office were
to be made from persons who pass the exam-
inations, it would take the appointments to
some extent from the control of mere partisans
and those who use this patronage for merce-
nary and individual purposes, and so far its
effect would be salutary.
But, Mr. President, the trouble of our civil
service system, as I said, is not in reference
to the scholarship of the officer, but it arises
from the system of appointments and removals,
now chiefly controlled by Congressmen. I
introduced a bill into this body some year or
two ago making it a penal offense for a mem-
ber of Congress to recommend a person for an
office unless his opinion was asked in writing
by the appointing power, and prohibiting the
President of the United States or any of the
heads of Departments from appointing any one
to office who had the recommendation of a
member of either House of Congress if it was
obtained by the applicant's consent and priv-
ity ; and, sir, if we could enact such a law as
that, I think we should lay the ax at the root
of the great evil in our civil service system.
What are the evils of the present system
which it is sought to correct? I cannot state
them better than they have been stated in this
report, made by gentlemen of high character,
of great ability, of laborious research, who
have inquired into the mode and maimer of
appointments, into the evils that exist under
the present system, and have embodied them
in this report. I will read a few passages from
it, that it may be seen what the evils to be cor-
rected are, what the mischief is, and then if
we cannot apply the system of competitive ex-
amination, let us apply some other system that
will reform and correct these abuses. The
commissioners say:
" Certainly incapable officers have not been sought,
and doubtless there are honest and pure men ejiough
in all parties to fill the offices. But certainly, also,
proved character and tested capacity are not essen-
tial to admission to the civil service; and when
parti&an sympathyor activity takes prccedencc of
Ability, industry, and special fitness, as qualifications
for the inferior offices of the Government, it is im-
possible that the service should have the efficiency
and purity which economical administration re-
quires, and which the country hasaright to demand.
in obedience to this system the whole machinery
ot the Government is pulled to pieces every four
years. Political caucuses, primary meetings, and
conventions are controlled by the promise and the
expectation of patronage. Political candidates for
the lowest, or the highest positions are directly or
indirectly pledged. The pledge is the price of the
nomination, and when the election is determined
pledges must be redeemed. The business of the
nation, the legislation of Congress, the duties of the
i)epartments, are all subordinated to the distribu-
tion of what are well called 4 the spoils.' No one
escapes. President, Secretaries, Senators, Repre-
sentatives, are dogged, besought, and denounced on
the one hand to appoint, on the other to retain sub-
ordinates. The great officers of the Government are
constrained to become mere office-brokeis. Mean-
time they may have their own hopes, ambitions, and
designs. They may strive to make their patron-
age secure their private aims. The spectacle is as
laminar as it is painful and humiliating. Weaccuse
no individual. We appeal only to universal and
deplorable experience..
« results of the practice may be seen,
PfrvGr8*otl °f the nature of the election
itseit. In a free country an election is intended to
be. and of right should be, the choice of differing
policies of administration by the people at the polls.
It is properly the judgment of the popular intelli-
gence upon the case which has been submitted to it
during the canvass by the ablest and most eloquent
advocates. But the evil system under which the
country suffers tends to change the election from a
choice of policies into a contest for personal advan-
m* becoming a desperate conflict to obtain
all the offices, with all their lawful salaries and all
their unlawful chances. The consequences are un-
avoidable ; the moral tone of the country is debased:
the national character deteriorates. 2^o country
or Government can safely tolerate such a surely
increasing demoralization.
, , The influence of this system upon those who
hold office may bo inferred. Officers appointed
chiefly as a reward for personal and party service,
and not upon proof of fitness, who know that there
is no certain promotion for merit, and that they
hold their places only until others with more influ-
ential friends can thrust them out, can have neither
pride nor hope m the fulfillment of their duties,
ihey are deprived of the usual incentives to dili-
gence ana efficiency of men in similar but private
positions. Taught by the system to regard the office
as a prize, and warned by the same system that their
tenure is neither character nor fitness, they are
solely tempted to make the most of it in the shortest
time, both to repay the trouble and expense of pro -
curmg it, and to provide against early removal.
Meanwhile, as a part of tho vast scheme of patron-
age, an officer who is appointed solely in deference
to political pressure is judged not by the manner in
which he docs his duty, but by the zeal with which
he serves the influence that secured his place. He
is poorly paid, but a tax is levied upon his salary for
the expenses of the party, and, although it is called
fw iintary eonkribution, he is made to understand
tuat there are scores of applicants who would gladly
take his place with every incumbrance, and he there-
fore pays from fear of possible removal. Thi™ it
has become the practice of every party in power to
seek to retain power by levying upon the money
paid to the public agents for the p>ublic service.
" But when the application is urged upon the ex-
ecutive department by a member of the legislative
branch of the Government, the mischief becomes
intolerable. It' is often by the power of patronage
that a Representative is chiefly known to what are
called the active politicians among his constituents.
He is held to be their agent and broker of offices.
They have done his work, and he must do theirs, and
his position often depends upon his fulfillment of
pledges. When, therefore, he applies to the appoint-
ing power, there is a kind of urgency which it is
hard to resist. It is not a favor only that he asks,
it is the means of fulfilling a bargain. The ap-
pointing power is subjected to threats and the bland-
ishment of personal solicitation. And these are
incessant and urgent, not in the degree of the fitness
of the candidate, but in that of the interest of those
who urge him. The place is demanded in the name
of the party. Yet granting the favor is not nece>~
sarily a benefit to the party; it is often a profit to
one man only and his followers.
"Even if the appointing power declares that it
prefers a certain person, peculiarly fitted for the
place, the appointment is, nevertheless, demanded
or contested as of right by the friends of other per-
sons. If the appointing power persists, and the place
is filled as it prefers, it is only after a long and
annoying resistance to pressure. But should it be
the head of a Department, who has some measure
before Congress for which he wishes every vote that
he can procure, there is a powerful temptation to
yield the appointment to secure the vote. Thus the
evil system increases official temptation and makes
honesty difficult; and it is hot surprising that a bill
was recently introduced into Congress making it a
penal offense for members of Congress to importune
the appointing power for places.
''While, therefore, the appointing power is chiefly
and properly vested in the executive department,
because that department is responsible for executive
administration, yet the practice that has arisen under
the evil theory of the civil service tends to make the
President and Secretaries merely the appointment
clerks of Congress, from which body tho Constitution
carefully withholds the appointing power. One
result we have just considered, but there are others
Thus it is not denied that the chief national appoint-
ments in the several States are now really made, not
by the President and the Senate, but at the pleasure
oi the Senators from thq States in which the office is
to be filled.
V,^fs? are some of the serious and threatening
evils of the present practice of treating the inferior
posts of administration as party prizes. It exas-
perates party spirit and perverts the election. It
tends to fill the public service with incapacity and
corruption, destroying its reputation and repelling
good men. It entices Congress to desert the duties
to which it is especially designated by the Consti-
tution, and tempts the Executive to perilous in-
trigue. But the effects of so mischievous a system
cannot be confined to itself. Politics cannot be
made a mere trade without dangerously relaxing
the moral character of the country.
The arguments by which the present pernicious
practice is justified seem to us wholly unsound. It
is alleged that when the people vote to change the
general policy of the Government they also intend
to change every subordinate officer who is to assist
m carrying out that policy. But this was certainly
not the theory or the practice cf those who estab-
lished the government. President Jefferson, who
was one of the most conspicuous party chiefs in our
history and whose election showed a radical change
or political opinion, was, as we have seen, careful
both to disavow tho theory and to resist its conse-
quences. Moreover, tho theory springs from a false
conception of a general election. Such an election
as, indeed, the declaration of the popular will as to
the policy of Government; but the great multitude
ol the subordinate officers are wholly ministerial
and do not determine measures of administration'
and a practice which necessarily fosters extrav-
agance and corruption in the details of adminis-
tration is one which the people cannot justly be
assumed to desire.
Again, the perversion of the service to personal
and party ends, with the countless and perilous
abuses which attend it, seems to many persons in-
separable from a popular republican Government.
It is boldly urged that the offices belong to the .suc-
cessful party, and that party service should be paid
with office, because wnatis called the hard work of
a political campaign would not be performed unlc«
therewereanunderstandingthat the workers should
be so rewarded. This is to say that patronage is
indispensable to party organization. But it is a
mere assertion m palliation of an evil practice. To
insist that service to the successful party ought to
be rewarded by office is offensive to the just Amer-
S/W sif' whlle, ev'ery citizen should be
lalfill every political duty that laay be
asked of him no one has any claim to any
i money that a man has paid
P°^tical campaign, and the time and effort
« jSi- k&s devoted to the success of principles and
a policy which he must be supposed to approve, are
to be considered claims upon an office, then they
are the Price of the office, and his relation to the
omoe and to the contest is venal, which is the pre-
cise evil of the present practice."
This exposition of the evils of the present
civil service system, showing that the President
