2252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
are of opinion that Mrs. Russell's claim, to the ex-
tent of $14,975, is well sustained, and accordingly
they report herewith a bill for ner relief, and re-
spectfully recommend its passage.
A.
Wau Department,
Surgeon General's Office.
Washington, January 16,1871.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your communication of the 13th instant, making
inquiries concerning the claim of Mrs. Martha L.
Russell, ot Murfreesborough, Tennessee, for the
value of property taken for the use of the wounded
after the battle of Stone Rivor, December 31,1862.
I have considered that the inclosed copy of a re-
port made by a board of officers appointed by the
Secretary of War for the examination of such claims,
would be more satisfactory to you than a new rtsumS
of the case.
It will bo seen from the report that I considered
the pricesclaimed for many of the articles excessive,
and recommended an amountconsiderably less than
that claimed. That opinion is still adhered to.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. K. BARNES,
Surgeon General V. S. A.
Hon. D. D. Pratt,
Committee on Claims, United States Senate.
B.
War Department,
office of the board of claims,
Washington, D. 0., October 26,1868.
In tho matter of the claim of Mrs. Martha L
Russell, of Murfreesborough, Tennessee, for value
of cotton, bedding, &c., taken from her residence
during tho battle of Stone River, December 31,1862,
and January 1, 2, and 3, 1863, for the use of the
Army, $17,760:
Tho affidavit of tho claimant sets forth that at the
date of the battle of Stone River she was living on
hcrplantation offivehundred acres, near Murfrees-
borough, Tennessee; that her residence was used as
a hospital during the battlo, and everything on it
applied to the use of the Army, the articles enum-
erated below having been taken to provide for the
couafortof tho wounded; that no receipt or voucher
was given, fcr the reason that the different quarter-
masters and commissaries had been ordered to the
rear; that tho account as presented is correct and
just; and that she is and always has been a loyal
citizen of the United States.
At the time this claim originated the claimant's
name was Mrs. Martha L. House. Since that time
she married Dr. L. Russell, who was present at the
battle as an assistant surgeon in the United States
Army.
Tho allegations of the claimant are fully sustained
by the aSidavits of other parties, except, perhaps,
her statement of tho value of tho articles taken,
most of the witnesses being unable to specify quan-
tity or value. These affidavits comprise the state-
menu of several gentlemen who participated in the
battlo as United States officers, of the servants
employed on tho plantation at the time, and of
numerous citizens of Tennessee residing in the
neighborhood.
They leave no room to doubt that her statements
are, in tho main, correct.
The following is Mrs. Russell's estimate of tho
quantity and value of tho articles taken for tho use
of the wounded :
•ii bales of cotton, 22,000pounds, at GO cents per
pound §13,200
20,000 pounds seed cotton, at 15 cents  3^000
7 feather beds and pillows, at §50  350
7 mattresses, at $15  105
6 coverlets, at $15  90
8 pairs blankets, $25  200
20 counterpanes, at §12  240
6 carpets, at $70  4^0
150 yards cotton cloth, at 50 cents  75
20 gallons wine, at §4 * go
Total $17,760
Certain additional evidencehaving been presented,
tho papers were again referred to the Surgeon Gen-
eral on the 2-ith of September, 1868, and he then
reported that, "from the evidence presented, there
appears to be no doubt that the property of Mrs
Russell was taken and used substantially as claimed
and thatreasonablo remuneration is her due." He]
however, thought the prices claimcd for some of the
articJcs excessive, and recommended as a fair com-
pensation, and as in accordance with tho rates
allowed in similar cases, thy sain of $14,975.
Alter a full consideration of this claim,tho board
are of opinion that, notwithstanding its merits it
cannot be paid under the act of February 21,1867.
They recommend that the claimant be referred to
Congress lor her remedy, with the expression of their
opinion that that body will no doubt, at an early
period, make such award in the premises as the cir-
cumstances seem to call for.
JAS.A. IIARDIE,
Iw&ecivi' General, President of Board,
, I^ccsived Surgeon General's Office, November 24, 1
GEO GIBSON
Moj. First Infantry, Brev. Lieut. Cot. U.tf.A., \
Recorder of Board. >
War Departmext, October 27,1868.
Approved.
By order of the Secretary of War:
WM.M. WHERRY,
Brevet Colonel, A. J). C.
Surgeon Gexekal's Office,
JanuarylQ, 1871.
A true oopy.
By order of tho Surgeon General:
J. S. BILLINGS,
Assistant Surgeon United States Army.
To the Secbetaky of Wak.
Tho bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe this is the
first of a series of bills that I suppose will
come from this claim's commission. As I
understand it, this is a bill recommended
by them.
Mr. HOWE. No; it has not been before
them.
Mr. PRATT. This claim has never been
before that commission at all. It was pend-
ing before the Forty-First Congress, and the
Committee on Claims reported in favor of it
at that time, but the case was not reached for
action.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I was mistaken.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it not a case of which
the claims commission would have jurisdiction ?
Mr. PRATT. Not the whole of it. I think
a great many of these items would not be within
the jurisdiction of the claims commission ; but
at all events we had the control of the case long
before that commission was instituted, and the
Committee on Claims of the Forty-Fu-st Con-
gress reported a similar bill in favor of Mrs.
Russell.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand this to be a
case for supplies furnished ?
Mr. PRATT. No, sir; it is not a case for
supplies furnished. It is for property that
was appropriated at the battle of Stone river.
It seems that one division of the Army en-
camped upon the plantation of Mrs. Russell,
and her house and all the outbuildings were
used for hospital purposes, and everything
about the house, in the shape of carpets, mat-
tresses, coverlets, blankets, counterpanes, and
eatables and drinkables, was consumed. She
had also a large amount of cotton in the gin,
and that was used for the purposes of bedding,
bandages, &c.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
•J. MILTON' BEST.
Mr. HOWE. I move that tho Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 105.
The Senate, as iu Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 105) for
the relief of J. Milton Best. It proposes to
appropriate tho sum of $25,000 to Dr. J. Mil-
ton Best, of Paducah, Kentucky, in compen-
sation for the destruction of his dwelling-
house and its contents by order of Colonel S.
J. Hicks, commanding the United States
troops at Paducah, Kentucky, on the 26th day
of March, 1864.
Mr. SUMNER. That is an old acquaint-
ance here, much discussed. I do not remem-
ber what its fortunes were on a former occa-
sion precisely, cxccpt that it was very fully
considered. If this bill could be taken by
itself, it might be less important; but I pre-
sume it will be a precedent that'will unlock
our Treasury to a very large amount. I hope
that the Senate, before it votes upon it, will
consider what its value as a precedent will be,
to what extent our Treasury will be opened.
When this bill was under consideration
formerly, I felt a great sympathy for the
claimant, but I confess to my serious doubt
as to whether the claim was just under the
laws and institutions governing such cases. I
know that the chairman of the Committee on
Claims very ably and earnestly maintained
the entire equity of the claim and the liability
of the United States.
I am not disposed to go into any argument
on the question. I content myself with call-
ing the attention of the Senate to the case, as
I say, first, as regards this claimant; and sec-
ondly, as a precedent governing in other cases.
If the Senate is disposed to make this very
considerable appropriation and to adopt this
important precedent, I shall be content if it
does it knowingly fully aware of the charactcr
of the vote which it is about to take.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senate
ought to know that this is a case that involves
the liability of the Government of the United
States to pay for all the property destroyed
by our armies during the war. I do not know
what the amount will be, nor to what extent
the passage of this bill will implicate the Gov-
ernment m a liability to pay for tho destruc-
tion of property during tho late war. As I
recollect this case, it was discussed at very con-
siderable length at a previous session. The
Senate once passed it, I believe upon full
consideration. I do not wish to go over the
ground again ; but, as I recollect the case, it
is one where our Army destroyed property
during the conflict of arms. Perhaps there is
some dispute as to whether we first took pos-
session of the property, cr whether it was
destroyed during the conflict. I merely wish
to record my vote against the passage of the
bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am sorry that the
Senator from Illinois has interposed an objec-
tion to this bill. It was thoroughly discussed
at a former session and passed by the Senate.
The Senator is mistaken in supposing that the
passage of this bill will be a precedent foi
paying for all the property destroyed during
the war. That would depend altogether upon
whether cach case came within the purview of
this one. This was not property destroyed
during the war in a hostile attack, but u was
property destroyed by order of the command-
ing general of the Federal forces in order to
protect his forces before the attack com-
menced ; and I cannot see, to save my life,
why when the United Slates takes property
the_ United States ought not to pay for it.
This case is not within the principle of prop-
erty destroyed during a conflict, but it assimi-
lates itself, and in my judgment comes within
the provinco of the principle where the United
States appropriates to itselfpropcrty, and when
it does, it seems to me, it ought to pay for it.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not propose to make
a speech on this bill. It was very elaborately
discussed, I think, at the last session of tho
last Congress, especially by the Senator from
Kentucky who sits on my left, [Mr. Davis,]
and who is now absent. That discussion and
the facts which were then presented to the
Senate seemed to me to make a very clear case
for the passage of the bill, and that it by no
means furnished a precedent for the allowance
of the multitude of claims that the Senator
from Illinois thinks. It did seem to me then
that it was a very clear case of the appropria
tion by the United States of the private prop-
erty of an individual, and that under the cro-
visions of the Constitution, as well as by every
principle of justice, tho L'nited States ought
to pay for it. It was not, as has been said by
the Senator from Kentucky, the destruction
of property in battle, but it was property
destroyed by the United States troops under
the order of their commanding officer for the
purpose of preventing it from falling into the
hands of the enemy or of being used by the
enemy, and therefore was property taken for
the public use by the Government, and the
