1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1857
pective debt of $12,000,000 by the passage of
laws in aid of the construction of railroads.
The wisdom of those laws is not pertinent to
the present discussion; but their passage has
given rise to the charge of corruption against
the Republican members of the Legislature,
and of the Republican party in the State.
They were, with but one exception, vetoed by
the Republican Governor of the State, and his
vetoes were sustained by a respectable num-
ber of the Republican members of the Legis-
lature. The Democratic members, with per-
haps three exceptions, voted for all these sub-
sidies. It was in the power of the Democratic
members to defeat all such legislation by sus-
taining the policy of the Governor, but they
voted to carry the bills over his vetoes and to
enact them into laws, A d yet these unadul-
terated and immaculate gentlemen are the
very men who charge the Republicans with
corruption! This charge of corruption is even
made by those who have been proven to have
been engaged in the effort to bribe members
of the Legislature, which efforts failed of suc-
cess.
Another Democratic charge against the Re-
publican party in Texas is based upon the high
taxes that have been levied upon the people.
That the cost of government is higher now
than before the war is equally true of the State
as it is of the nation, and of all the other
States. It must be recollected that there was
practically nine years of interregnum in the
regular civil government and the courts of
the State, extending from 1860 to 1869 inclu-
sive. A change was made in the judiciary
system of the State by the present constitu-
tion, increasing the number of judges to clear
the dockets of nine years of accumulated liti-
gation. A registration of voters was also
required, which increased the cost of govern-
ment.
It is unnecessary to cite every cause ; these
are sufficient to show the necessarily increased
expenditures. Before the war the Democratic
party conducted the government by means of
the millions in the Treasury from the sale of
the Santa Fe territory, and the levies for the
ordinary expenditures were light and unfelt
bythe people. But these millions were wasted
by the misrule of the Democratic party, and
no longer exist. The present tax laws pro-
vide for a levy of fifty cents ad valorem on the
hundred dollars of property, and the assess-
ment of certain license taxes to support the
ordinary expenses of the State government.
There were also changes in the constitution
in regard to the working of roads under which
twenty-live cents ou the hundred dollars of
property is levied as a road tax, which, with
other twenty-five cents on the hundred dol-
lars of property, or one half the State tax for
ordinary county purposes, paying jurors, &e.,
make the county tax equal to the ad valorem,
State tax.
In addition to this a school tax of one fourth
the amount of the ad valorem State tax is
levied, and five cents on the hundred dollars
as a frontier bond tax, making a total of one
dollar and seventeen and a half cents for State
and county purposes on the hundred dollars
of property. The Legislature at its last session
found that the levies for county purposes were
excessive, and they were reduced, so that the
present State and county taxes amount to only
about eighty cents on the hundred dollars.
But the Democracy never mention this reduc-
tion. Besides these taxes, a levy of one per
cent, was authorized for the purpose of build-
ing school-houses, which tax is to be assessed
and collected quarterly, or as they may be
needed for the purpose fixed by law. This is
the tax which has caused the mighty upheaval
of the Texas Democracy. Building "nigger
school-houses" is a little too much for their
sensibilities. It was the feather which broke
the camel's back of their long endurance and
patience under the wrongs and oppressions
of the northern vaudals and carpet-baggers.
This proscribed class has to bear the burden,
although it is a historical fact that only about
one tenth of the members of the last Legis-
lature are northern men, the other nine tenths
being "old Tcxans," coeval with the bowie-
knife and six-shooter in that State.
The ad valorem tax of the State is exactly
the same as that levied by the rebel Demo-
cratic Legislature of Texas in the year 1863,
while the present license taxes are much
lighter than those of 1863. Besides the State
and county taxes levied by the rebel Demo-
cratic Legislatures during the war, the govern-
ment of the confederate States levied direct
taxes upon the people of Texas, which, accord-
ing to the final report of George Durham, the
confederate tax collector, amounted to about
thirty-seven million dollars for the four years
of the war, or over nine million dollars per
annum. In addition to this enormous levy,
another tax in kind of ten per cent, on the
productions of the State was assessed and
rigidly collected. Upon the cotton, the corn,
the pigs, the potatoes, the poultry, and upon
every article produced this tax was enforced.
And these taxes were paid promptly, if not
cheerfully, because the object of them was to
break down and destroy the Government es-
tablished by the statesmen of the Revolution.
But now the necessary taxes to carry on the
ordinary expenses of government, and to build
school-houses, are denounced as oppressions
sufficient almost to justify new rebellion.
So much for Democratic consistency.
This discussion necessarily grows out of the
proposition to sell our vacant and unappro-
priated public domain, as one of the reasons
for the sale is to enable the State to carry on
its system of public free schools without the
necessity of a resort to taxation, so shocking to
the whole nervous frame-work of the pauper-
school Democracy. And the comparisons
which have been instituted afford a full vindi-
cation of the integrity of the Republican party
of Texas against the assaults of those enemies
alike to that Jiarty, to free government, and the
cause of public free schools for the education of
the whole people of the State without regard to
race or color. The pauper-school Democracy
opposes the establishmentof a national educa-
tion fund because there is no authority in the
Constitution to authorize it. Neither is there
any authority therein for the acquisition of
territory, yet to this settled principle of Amer-
ican public law this nation is indebted for its
character and standing as one of the greatest
Powers of the earth.
QUESTION OF DIVISION AND STATE RIGHTS SETTLKD.
The joint resolution contains one other pro-
vision which demands consideration before clos-
ing the discussion for the present. It provides
for the repeal of the articles of annexation of
the republic of Texas, which gives the State o f
Texas, with the assent of Congress, the right
to form four new States out of its territory in
addition to the present State. This provision
was inserted in the articles of annexation in
the interest of slavery by the preservation of
the political equality of the slave with the free
States in the United States Senate. It has
always been held in Texas and the South,
especially by the politicians of the State-rights
school, that this right was guarantied to the
State by the treaty of annexation ; a right to be
exercised solely at the discretion of the people
ofTexas, theassentoftne United States being a
mere formality to comply with the constitutional
forms in regard to the formation of new States
out of the territory of existing States, the as-
sent to this mere formality being secured by
the treaty of annexation, and binding on the
public conscience of the nation without regard
to any other consideration than the wishes of
the people of Texas. This is ihe generally
received doctrine and interpretation of the arti-
cles of annexation by the people of the State.
So long, therefore, as it exists it is a menace
to the public peace of the country, and may at
any time involve the question of civil war.
Let us suppose, for instance, that the Dem-
ocratic party, recruited by sore-heads and dis-
contents from the Republican ranks, Should
carry the election of a majority of the Legis-
latures of the northern States sufficient to elect
enough United States Senators of the outgoing
classes of 1873 and 1875 to give that party a
bare majority in the United States Senate, and
that the Republican party, in view of the loss
of the Senate, should use those means and ap-
pliances, which are always in the hands of a
party in actual control of the Government, to
form four new States out of the territory of
Texas and procure the election of eight new
Republican Senators, which would result in
that party retaining its control of the Senate,
who does not know that such a result would
convulse the nation and precipitate anew the
horrors of civil war? And what impartial citi-
zen would not decide that in such an event the
Democratic party would have right and justice
on its side? The Democratic party his already
plunged the country into one civil war. The
impartial pen of history will record that the late
rebellion was without justifiable cause j for all
civilization and humanity itself revolted against
the efforts of the Democratic party to establish
at Richmond a government based upon the cor-
ner-stone of the perpetual bondage of a part
of the human race, and the allegation of Dem-
ocratic journals, that " the cause of civil liberty
was buried under the apple tree at Appomat-
tox, '' will be so changed upon the pages of his-
tory as to read that "the cause of human slavery
was then and there buried, never to resurrect."
But should any party ever attempt to control
this Government by such an usurpation of
power as the one supposed, then that party
would be execrated in history even more than
the late rebellion, which had at least the merit
of an attempt to frame a government upon the
ancient basis of a landed and patriarchal aris-
tocracy, and which was adorned and illustrated
by a heroic devotion and self-sacrifice which
will shed luster upon the character of the
American people, and which will live forever
in poetry and song equally with the firm courage
and heroic deeds of the victors in the contest.
The repeal of this stipulation is therefore a
measure of public safety, demanding the care-
ful consideration of the country. The over-
ture comes properly from the General Gov-
ernment, and it should be a generous and a
just one to put aside this apple of discord, and
to restore fully and completely the harmony
which should exist between the States and
the people. It is in this spirit that it has
been presented for the consideration of Con-
gress, and that all subjects of difference may
be discarded, and that peace and happiness
may be restored to the country, which should
be the aspiration of every patriotic heart.
DEMOCRATIC AND REPUBLICAN TAXATION COMPARED.
It has been stated that the ad valorem tax
of one half of one per cent, levied by the Re-
publican Legislature is the same as that levied
by the reb^l Democratic Legislature of 1863,
which is true, with this exception in favor of
the Republican levy, that it does not touch capi-
tal or agricultural productions. The act of
the rebel Democratic Legislature, approved
March 6, 1863, provides that "there shall
be levied and collected for the use of the
State an annual direct ad valorem tax of fifty
cents upon each $100 value of property, real
and personal, including all cotton, flour,_ corn,
and all other products of the soil not in the
hands of the producer," &c.; which levy, by J'"®
act approved December 16,1863, was extended
as follows:
"A tax of one half of one per cent, shall be levied
and collected, in kind, on all specie, treasury notes
of the confederate Slates of America, treasury war-
rants of the State of Texas, and bank notes held or
owned within the State; and all foreign bills of en-
chunge and certificates of deposit, and other evi-
dences of money being deposited or credited, beyond
the limits of this State, owned by persons residing
therein, shall be considered as specie, and theroon
shall be levied and collected a tax ol one halt ot onu
per cent, in specie,"
