2254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 8,
by-means of harrowing or dragging on, and to and
fro acros8 the said bar.
It is understood that the work of deepening and
maintaining shall be mainly done by means of Bish-
op's improved dredging-machine, or submarine
plow, well and substantially constructed and at-
tached to a vessel sufficiently stanch to resist the
effects of such weathers as are ordinarily experi-
enced at the bars of the mouth of the Mississippi
river; both dredging-machine and vessel to be pro-
pelled by well-constructed and mounted steam-
engines of sufficient power to perform said work.
'Ihe channel as deepened and completely formed
on the specified day, and as maintained during the
specified period, to be measured and inspected by
the officer or agent in charge of the improvement of
said Southwest Pass; and if approved, the forma-
tion and maintenance thereof to be paid for at the
prices hereafter seated, in payments as follows,
to wit;
On the completion of the formation of the speci-
fied channel to the depth of seventeen feet below
the level of mean low water, free from all obstruc-
tions, one third of the price for deepening and form-
ing the channel.
On the termination of the first month of continu-
ous maintenance of the specified channel, free from
all obstructions, the remaining, ono third of the
price for deepening and forming the channel.
On the termination of the second and each suc-
ceeding month of continuous maintenance of the
specified channel, tree from all obstructions, the
price for one month of maintenance of the channel.
On the completion of the oontract, the channel
having been formed and continuously maintained,
as specified, the unexpended balance of the said
appropriation "for improving the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi river."
And in case of failure to fulfill or complete the
contract, the amounts retained, as hereafter speci-
fied or implied, will bo forfeited to tho UnitcdStates
in addition to and irrespective of.any other pen-
alty which may be attached to the non-fulfillment
of this contract; and on,and after the discovery of
such failure, no payment whatever will b© made? and
no claim whatever against the United States will be
allowed. The aforesaid Brevet Lieutenant Colonel
M. D. McAlester, acting as before stated, contracts
and engages that pay ments shall be made to the party
of the second part, before mentioned, the following
rates, namely:
For deepening and formingthe channel as herein-
before specified, $49,900; lor maintaining the chan-
nel as hereinbelorc specified, §6,700 per month.
It is farther agreed and contracted that this con-
tract shall not be assigned or transferred to any
other person or persons without special permission
in writing first obtained from the War Department,
and that no member of Cougress shall bo admitted
to any share or part of this contract, or to any por-
tion of tho benefits to arise therefrom.
In testimony whereof the said parties have signed
and sealed this contract in quintriplicate, tho party
- of the first part at New Orleans, Louisiana, the 5th
day of November, 1866, and the party of the second
part at New Orleans, in the State of Louisiana, the
6th day of November, 1866.
[seal.] M. D. MeALESTER,
Brevet Lieutenant (Jolonel Engineers.
In the presence of—
G. S. Dexter.
James .Bowles.
[seal.] HORACE TYLER.
In the presence of—
Maurice IIurlee.
11. C. Fahei.
The claimant alleges that, owing to adverse cir-
cumstances, such as a "strike among the workmen,
bad weather," <fcc., " extensions of time were asked
for and sanctioned by the said McAlester," and that
he was not able to commence operations until the
middle of March, 1867. He further alleges that, in
consequence of a severe gale which occurred on 2d
of May, 1867, his dredge-boat was blown ashore,
and it required two weeks of great labor to extri-
cate it, and ^10,00(J to repair the damage done to it.
He alleges, however, that prior to this time, to wit,
on the 26th of April, " the engineer in charge of the
dredge-boat reported that he had opened a channel,
and that there was nineteen feet of water on the
bar," and that*'this report was corroborated by tho
bar pilots." But when, on his demanding one third
of the appropriation, the engineer in charge of the
work had, on the 19ch of May, completed hisburvey
of it, ho reported thata uniformdepth of seventeen
feet had not been found, and payment, therefore,
was refused. This, the claimant alleges, was evi-
dently owing to the aforementioned gale, which had
shifted the coannel; that the work was continued,
and that on the 13th of June, 1867, the claimant
received notice from the said Lieutenaut Colonel
McAlester, advismg him that instructions had been
received from Washington that the contract was
annulled, and no part of the stipulated compensation
could be paid. Nevertheless, the claimant alleges
that he continued the work until toward the latter
part oi October, 1867, when he had completed it in
the manner although not within the time required
by his contract.
The complainant alleges that he acted during the
whole transaction in the utmost good faith, and was
only prevented from completing the work in the
time specified by the unforeseen and providential
hinderances aforesaid.
The claimant also files with his petition the
eworn specific statement of himself and Chauney
Tyler, that the work done on his said contract i
ftotually cost $79,199 25, including machinery," &c. i
The committee have examined the correspond-
ence between the claimant and Lieutenant Colonel
McAlester and the engineer department in reference
to the whole matter. The following is the substance
ofit:
Under date of January 23, 1867, McAlester
informed the claimant that the time for completion
of the work expired that day, and it had not been
commenced, and asked him for a statement of the
steps he had taken toward the performance of the
contract, the reasons for its non-fulfillment, and the
efforts which were making and had in contempla-
tion for performing the work, in order that a de-
cision might be had as to the measures proper to be
adopted on behalfoftheGovornmentinthepremises.
On the 24th of January tho claimant replied as
follows:
New Orleans, Louisiana,
January, 241867.
Colonel: I have the honor to acknowledge the
receipt of your communication under date of Jan-
uary 23. In reply, I will state that, owing to a num-
ber of causes which I will enumerate, and all of
which were beyond my control, I have as yet been
unable to commence the work at the Southwest
Pass, as per contract between War Department and
myself, for the reason that the machinery with
which we proposed to do tho work is not yet com-
plete, but as most if not all obstacles or impedi-
ments which have heretofore retarded its comple-
tion have been surmounted, I trust and believe the
machinery will all be in position on the boat and
ready for work in about ten days from this date;
but I would respectfully request, in view of the
imperfections to which all new machinery is liable,
(and especially this, an entirely new device,) that I
may be allowed an extension of time in which to
commence and complete my contract.
The causes that have led to this unavoidable delay
are as follows;
1. The inventor, whose device we proposed to use
in carrying out our contract, had no feasible mode
of hoisting or lowering the screw-plows, and an
arrangement had to be invented which consumed
quite ten days of valuable time before we could
commence the working drawings for the machinery ;
then a short delay in selecting a suitable boat to
carry the immense weight on her bow.
2. Just before the Christmas holidays the men in
th e foundry (Armstrong's) struck for time and wages,
and during the holidays the mechanics could not be
induced to work for any price. Several castings
also proved defective and were rcjectcd, and new
ones had to be cast in their stead.
3. As all this machinery is of a different design
from anything made before, all the patterns for the
castings had to be made, which consumed nearly as
much time as would have sufficed to build the ma-
chinery had we the patterns ready made. Besides,
the machinery, for prudential motives, has been
increased in size and weight from the original design
to enable it to dig twenty feet instead of eighteen,
as per contract.
4. Owing to the great weight on tho boat used, she
commenced to open forward. We were compelled
to desist placing any more machinery on the vessel
until she could be strengthened, bulkheads built,
and the forward part of the boat cross-bolted at
every beam with iron rods, with heavy iron plates
on the outside of the boat.
All this we could not possibly foresee at the time
we assumed the contract, and each and every dif-
ficulty as it presented itself had to be provided for,
aud it all consumed time and a vast deal of money.
A large amount of iron and other material, includ-
ing suitable chains to drive the machine, had to be
ordered from other cities, as they were not in this
market, and some angle-iron from Philadelphia
only arrived here this week which was ordered for
this machine nearly two months ago.
The different parts of the machinery are now
nearly all complete, and the wooden frames are in
position on the boat, as are also the steam engines
(two) used to drive it. Mr. Armstrong's foundery
has the contract to build the machinery, and- the
whole force of foundery and machine-shop is em-
ployed on the work. Besides, Armstrong has given
many parts of the machine out to other founderies
to make, in order to expedite the work as much as
possible, and Leeds's foundery isemployedin making
the steam windlass used to hoist the machine, and
two other blacksmith shops are employed at the
forging of other party. For the last sixty days a
force of ship-carpenters has been constantly em-
ployed on the boat and on the huge wooden frames
of the machine, and are still working there. I can
assure you that I have used all due diligence and
have endeavored to have the machine complete in
time to fulfill my contract. I trust the above ex-
planation will induce you to grant me the desired
extension of time to enable me to complete the
machine^and get it at work on the bar.
In confirmation of the foregoing statements, I beg
that you will, at your earliest convenience, visit the
boat, and also the foundery, and examine the for-
wardness and near completion of the work.
I have caused to be constructed a costly apparatus,
and the contract price which we will receive (if suc-
cessful) will not even suffice to pay for that machine.
I have not commenced work on the bar, as per
agreement, but I am ready and willing to commence
operations as soon as the machine is complete, pro-
vided you will grant the required extension of time.
Hoping you will grant my request, I am, colonel,
respeetmlly. HORACE TYLER.
Lieut. Col. M. D. McAlester, U. S. A., Engineer in
Charge of Improvement of the Mouth of the Missis-
sippi-
Under date of January 28% the claimant asked for
"thirty days' additional time, to complete said
opening of the channel."
By letter of same date, McAlester agrees to tho
extension of "thirty days, subjcct to anj> orders
which the Secretary of War may see fit to issue in
the premises." Claimant's sureties agree to this
extension.
Under date of June 29, McAlester addressed a
letter to the chief of engineers, covering the forego-
ing correspondence with claimant, and concludes
as follows:
" My action in granting the extension was baaed
on a belief that it offered the surest means of
forming the specified channel within'the shortest
possible period, no other parties having the power
to commence the work with any prospect of success
so soon as the contiactor."
On the 21st of February, 1867, claimant wrote to
McAlester asking a further extension of time, "for
fifteen days."
On the 2d of March McAlester replied, agreeing
that the time "be further extended fifteen days,
subject to the disapproval of the honorable Secre-
tary of War." Claimant's sureties also agreed to
this extension. On the same day McAlester wrote
to the chief of engineers, adving him of this latter
arrangement, concluding his letter as follows:
" In view of the liability o£ the contractor's boat
to shipwreck by storms," * * * *
would respectfully suggest that I be furnished, as
soon as practicable, with instructions for my guid-
ance, in case it becomes^ apparent that the con-
tractor, from any cause, will fail in the fulfillment
of his contract, in order that there be as little loss
of time as possible."
On the 23d March the engineer department ad-
dressed a letter to Colonel McAlester, containing
the following inquiry: " Before instructing you with
regard to the application of this new appropriation
it is desirable to know the result of the operations
now in progress under the contract with Mr. Horace
Tyler; whether the same have proved successful or
not, so far as they may have progressed, and what
prospects are presented in their further prosecu-
tion."
To which McAlester, on the 29th of March, replied
at length, describing the character of the dredge-
boat and machinery, and character and progress of
the work, and stating that "with the knowledge I
have I can as yet predict neither the success nor
non-success of the contractor." * * *
" The last extension granted the contractor expired
on the 10th instant. I have decided to take no fur-
ther action as to extensions, awaiting the determ-
ination of the question of the contractor's success."
On the 11th day of April McAlester wrote again to
the chief of engineers, describing the progress and
prospects of the work, and states in his letter that,
" all things considered, I regard the prospects of th<?
contractor's success within any reasonable limit of
time as considerably less at presentthan on the 29th
ultimo, the date of my last letter on this subject."
Under date of May 3, claimant wrote to McAlester
that, having been informed by the officer m charge
of the dredge-boat, the channel had been opened to
the depth of nineteen feet, and that vessels drawing
eighteen feet nine inches had passed through said
channel, he asked payment of the first installment
under the contract.
On the 22d May McAlester wrote to the chief of
engineers as follows:
"On the morning of the 21st instant the dredge-boat
Wiggins, employed by the contractor, Mr. Horace
Tyler, in his efforts under contract to improve the
Southwest Pass, was disabled by astorm, and is now
in this city. The^contractor inquired of me this
morning whether, in case he were willing to repair
her immediately and send her to work on the bar,
I could assign any definite limit to the exteusion of
his time for completing the formation of the specified
channel, and what that limit would be, ana what to
depend upon. I replied that so long as he desired
to continue his efforts uninterruptedly I had no in-
tention of annulling his contract, except under
instructions from the Department; that I presumed
the Department would issue instructions only in the
event of its deciding to ask for proposals for a new
contract for improving theSouthwest Pass under the
appropriation of $75,000 for the current fiscal year,
I further voluntarily stated my opinion that the
capacity of his dredge-boat (Wiggins) was inade-
quate to the completion of his contract within any
period of time, adding a statement of her deficiencies
and imperfections, (already given to the Depart-
ment in my previous communications on tho sub-
ject.) He still adhered, however, to his desire to
continue his efforts, counting, doubtless, upon long-
continued fair weather and a deepening of the chan-
nel from natural causes, which usually takes place
during the period of low water in the river, prc-
vided he could be assured of an unlimited extension
of time.
"I would therefore respectfully request the De-
partment to communicate to me, as far as practica-
ble, its ultimate intentions in this matter, for Mr.
Tyler's information, at as early a date as possible,
in order that he may decide whether or not to
repair the Wiggins, and send her again to work.
For the information of the Department, I have to
report in this connection that the Wiggins hasbocu
at the bar fully two months, during wmch time she
has actually worked on the bar less than twenty-four
hours. Her draught is so slight that she rides, every
swell, thus endangering her screws and tho frame-
work by which they are held in position; her guards
are so broad and so near the water that, anything
like waves or breakers endangers the safety of *he
boat itself.. As the screws can be lowered so as to
