4046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 30,
quate. It is well known to every member of
this body that salt represents labor, and labor
only. The water from which salt is made is a
natural product; it simply has to be pumped
by Bteam; and all the rest is labor.
Now, Mr. President, I shall allude simply
to the Saginaw salt-works. The salt-basin of
which the Saginaw valley is the center ex-
tends-a hnndred miles; in other words in
Goderich in Canada, directly opposite Sag-
inaw, they pump from identically the same
basin; the salt is of equal pure quality; it is
the same thing. In Canada labor is perhaps
fifty per cent, less than in the State of Michi-
gan, and they can produce salt in Goderich,
directly opposite Saginaw, for about fifty per
cent, less than we can produce it from our
wells there.
I do not think that the increase of duty
proposed by the amendment of the Senator
l'rom New York is sufficient. I think he should
have made it thirty per cent, instead of twenty
per cent. Eight cents per bushel gives about
twenty cents per barrel protection on salt. There
are from two and a half to three bushels to
the barrel. Call it three bushels, and it will
be twenty-four cents. They can produce salt
directly opposite to us, in Goderich, for about
fifty per cent, less than we can, solely on
account of the difference in labor.
Now, Mr. President, I want a duty on salt
equal to that which is placed upon other pro-
ducts of American industry. If this small
duty of, say, twenty-four cents per barrel is a
sufficient protection for the laborers of Michi-
gan, t hen an equal percentage (for it is not more
than twelve per cent, upon the value)is quite suf-
ficient for the manufacturers of New England.
I notice that the New England Senators are
greatly in favor of reducing the duty on salt.
If the duty on salt is reduced to twelve per cent.
I shall try to reduce the duty on manufactures
to about the same ratio. If twelve per cent,
is enough protection to the laborers of Michi-
gan, it is enough for the button makers of
Connecticut; it is enough for those that pro-
duce the eyelets that now pay more than one
hundred per cent. I wantsome sort of equality
in the protection that is given to American
labor. Either protect all interests or protect
no interest. Let us meet upon fair ground,
and let us have suitable protection to the salt-
makers of Michigan, and New York and Ten-
nessee, and other States. I do not think my
friend from New York has proposed enough. I
think he should have made it thirty per cent,
at least, but I shall vote for his proposition
for twenty per cent, because that is better than
the bill as it stands; but I ask him to modify
liis amendment and make it thirty instead of
twenty per cent. I shall vote for it at twenty
per cent., of course, but that is not sufficient.
Mr. FENTON. I agree with the Senator
entirely that it ought to be thirty per cent., and
if it is desired 1 will so modify my amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then 1 hope the amend-
ment, as modified, will be agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR. I had hoped that this salt
monopoly would have been satisfied with
maintaining the rates that have been allowed
them by the bill as it conie3 from the House
of Representatives. 1 think it is the most
odious monopoly that now exists in the United
States, it is a tax upon everybody throughout
the country; a tax in favor of persons who
have been enormously enriched ; a tax in favor
of an interest that does not require any pro-
tection, and if it did, should not have it at the
expense of the impoverished people of this
country.
When this question was under consideration
before in the Senate, I had occasion to make
a statement about the dividends made by this
Onondaga Salt Company, and which statement
was contradicted by a Senator otithis floor. I
have received a letter in reference to that mat
ter from Mr. David A. Wells, from whom I
quoted the statement. He says :
"I am sorry I eouldnot be at your elbow when
Mr. Conklin'g denied that the Onondaga Salt Com-
pany had paid six dividends in one year. This was
not my statement, but the statement under oath of
the secretary of the company given in my report for
1868.
"The fact that the company now pays but a smalt
percent, is a juggle in every sense. The original
capital was $160,000 in 1860-61. Some two years
after they made a stock dividend of one hundred per
cent., and continued making stock dividends np to
1870, when the original capital had been swollen to
$1,200,000 without a sinsle dollar in cash having been
paid in."
This jugglery, this attempt to deceive the
country, is shown by their statement of a stock
of $1,200,000, which in fact is only $160,000.
They say their capital pays them but three per
per cent, per annum, when in fact it pays them
thirty per cent, per annum upon all the money
they ever paid in ; and that is their own
statement.
Mr. CONKLING. What is that? I was
out of the Chamber for a moment. I under-
stand it relates to some debate in which I had
a part before.
Mr. BLAIR. Well, sir, I have no time in
the five minutes to which we are limited to go
over my remarks again if the Senator was out
of his place. I stated when this subject was
debated previously that this company had
made six dividends in one year, and one of
those dividends was twelve and a half per cent.,
and the Senator then contradicted me. I now
state upon the authority of Mr. Wells, who
says he has it from the secretary of the Onon-
daga company, under oath, that they did make
six dividends in one year, and that one of those
dividends was twelve and a half percent., and
I read from Mr. Wells a letter to that effect.
He further says :
"Three per cent, on $1,200,000 would be over thirty
per cent, on $160,000, and tbe statement as put forth
of earnings is a fraud; for in addition the company
has other property represented by bogus organiza-
tions."
Now, sir, this company are not satisfied with
tbe reduction made in the House of Represent-
atives. They wish still further to fatten upon
the taxation of the poor people of this coun-
try. This tax is the most iniquitous of all the
taxes levied in this country. It is especially
onerous to the people of the West, who make
the largest use of this article in their business
of packing and curing beef; and there is an
extraordinary spectacle presented in this coun-
try: while the fishermen of New England are
allowed a drawback on all the salt used in
curing fish, the people of the West, who use a
thousand-fold more of this article, are allowed
no drawback when they make use of salt in
curing beef. That drawback is continued to
the New England fishermen. It seems that
those living in that favofed region of our coun-
try are to be exempted from all the burdens
that are imposed upon the people of other
sections. I trust, sir, that this amendment
will be voted down ; that no such scandalous
proceeding as this will be permitted longer in
this country.
Mr. BOltEMAN. I do not propose to dis-
cuss this question to any extent, nor am I in a
condition of health to do so.
It seems to be sufficient for some of our
friends nowadays who wish to attack any
particular proposition to cry out that it is a
monopoly. That is the answer to every prop-
osition in regard to the tariff and many other
matters that might be mentioned "It is a
monopoly; it,is oppression."
Now, what are the facts with regard to salt?
It is said there are about thirty-two million
bushels of salt manufactured in this country
annually. The population of the country is
about forty millions. That is less than one
bushel to each individual person, supposing
that all the salt manufactured was consumed
by the population of the country. The tax
upon salt, according to the present tariff, is
probably about ten cents per bushel. There-
fore, if all the salt that is consumed for all pur-
poses in this country was consumed by the
population on their provisions and so on it
would not be a tax of ten cents per head.
But that is not the fact. There is a consider-
able amount of salt consumed in this country,
as I understand it, for other purposes, for fer-
tilizing and uses of that character, which does
not enter into individual consumption, and
therefore you do not have upon a fair calcula-
tion, I apprehend, half a bushel of salt to
each of the inhabitants of the country, which
would be five cents a piece. That is a terrible
oppression indeed upon the people of this
country, to pay five cents a year for the use
of the salt that enters into their provisions!
I think the amendment of the Senator from
New York ought to prevail. The duly ought
to be much greater than be proposes ; it ought
to be thirty or forty per cent, ad valorem, in
addition to the pacific amount, proposed in the
bill. It seems to me it is not good statesman-
ship, when we are about to arrange a tariff, to
disturb any of the industries of the country to
any appreciable extent if it be possible to
avoid it.
Now, take up this bill, and the most of the
articles upon which the tariff is reduced are
affected to the extent of ten per cent, of the
present tariff. But what is the reduction in
regard to salt? You find that it is more than
fifty per cent. This bill proposes to take off
more than fifty per cent, of the present taiiff
on salt. I have before me the existing tariff
law, which reads, "upon salt iusacks, barrels,
or other packages, twenty-four cents per one
hundred pounds." The proposition of this
bill is to reduce it to twelve cents per one hun-
dred pounds. That is just one halt the tariff
taken off. On salt in bulk you will find the
existing tariff is eighteen cents per one hun-
dred pounds, while this bill proposes eight
cents per one hundred pounds, which is a
reduction of over fifty per cent, of the existing
duty.
This great reduction must necessarily so
disturb the manufacture of salt as to affect the
capital that is invested in it. The amount of
the capital invested in this industry is no small
matter. In my own State I apprehend there
are some three or four million dollars invested
in the manufacture of salt. I have here a
statement as to the manufacture in one of the
counties in iny State, the county of Mason,
and we manufacture salt in two or three coun-
ties there within a range of nearly one hundred
miles :
"Mason is one of the greatest manufacturing
counties of our State. There are thirteen salt tur-
naces, nearly all of which are in successful opera-
tion. The average annual yield of each of these
turnaces is about three hundred thousand bushels,
making an aggregate of three million nine hundred
thousand bushels of salt, which has gained a most
enviable reputation in the market.
" T:ie average value of tilese turn aces is about one
hundred thousand doll.irs, and the material for
carrying them on is about the same, giving a con-
stantly carried aggregate capital oi i{2,6J0,i>lX)."
Then in the county of Kanawha we have a
large amount of capital invested. In addition
to that J will remark, as I perceive my time is
about out, that theie are several thousand
laborers interesied in thh manulacture in my
State ; and if you include the manufactories in
New York, Michigan, and elsewhere, you will
find very probably a great many thousand
laborers who will be thrown out of employ-
ment in addition to the capital that wi.l be
disturbed if the duty on salt is reduced to the
extent proposed.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator from Mis-
souri quoted somebody to the effect that the
Onondaga Salt Company had realized, as a
rule, exorbitant pro'its. He talked about
twelve per cent. Let me dispose of his state-
ment and say to him—I will give him my au-
thority if he wishes ; he can satisfy hinuelf in
a moment as to its verity; lie will not doubt
it—that the Onondaga Salt Company never
realized at any time any such profits, save
only when the Mississippi river was blockaded,
and when the price of salt had no refeience
to the tariff and the taiiff no effect upon the
price of salt. Even then the dividend of
