1358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
The rebel Democratic levies of the ad
valorem, taxes could not have less than twice
the percentage of the present Republican tax,
and would amount to probably thrice the per
cent. So much for the State taxes.
The county taxes levied by the rebel Demo-
cratic Legislatures were even more in excess
over the present taxes than the State levies.
Under the acts above cited the counties were
authorized to levy one half the amount of the
State taxes for county purposes. By an act
approved January 1, 1802, the county courts
of the several counties were authorized to levy
a special tax for war purposes 011 all property
subject to taxation by the State, as follows:
"That the county courts of the several counties
in this State shall have power to levy and cause the
assessment and collection of a special, direct ad
valorem tax on all property subject to taxation by
the State, of not exceeding twenty-five cents on each
hundred dollars in value of property, whioh shall be
called a war tax, and the same shall be assessed and
collected by the assessor and collector of the various
counties," &c.
In addition to these taxes, which amounted
to as much as the present levies, by another
act approved March G, 1803, to provide the
necessary assistance for families and other
dependents of officers and soldiers, the county
courts were authorized to " raise funds there-
for by extraordinary taxation, as may be
proper to supply necessary assistance," &c.,
which provision was limited by act approved
December 16, 1863, as follows:
"And the aijgrogato of taxes so collected in oach
year shall not exooed tho rate of one dollar oil each
hundred dollars of tho assessment, and in the col-
lection of such taxes tho county courts may make
any practicable arrangements for receiving payineut
in other articles than money, so as to promote the
assistance horein provided for."
This made it in effect a tax in kind like the
ten per cent, confederate war tax. This one
per cent, tax is exactly the amount levied by
the Republican Legislature for the purpose of
building school-houses. "Oh! but," say my
rebel Democratic friends, " this was a holy tax
to support the families of soldiers iu the field
' fighting for their country.' " To this it is a
sufficient answer to say that the cause of edu-
cation is as holy as that of rebellion. The
Republicans of Texas are perfectly prepared
to compare records wilh the rebel Democracy
on the subject of taxation.
Rut even these ordinary, special, and ex-
traordinary levius were insufficient, and a
public debt was created, amounting to many
million dollars, in the shape of treasury war-
rants. This debt was classified as the military
and tho civil service debt, the former for the
support of troops "fighting for their coun-
try," the latter to pay the civil officers of the
State who were in ollice at home and busily
engaged in sending all their wives' relations
to the war. The. Democratic constitutional
convention of I860, under the "my-policy"
programme, wanted to saddle the whole of
this debt on the State, and were only prevented
from doing so by fear of the consequences.
Many of the members urged the payment of
the civil service debt as a matter of high
honor, among them tho gentleman from the
fourth district of Texas, [Mr. Hancock.] As
a legislative job this attempt will compare not
over favorably with the measures adopted by
the Republican Legislature to encourage the
construction of works of internal improve-
ment, upon which are based the charges of
corruption against that body, which, if true,
it has already been shown bear more heavily
upon tbe pauper-school Democrats than upon
the free-school Republicans.
The various acts authorizing and creating
these debts are tuo voluminous to quote in
full, and only a lew specimens will be pre-
sented. Under the " act to raise $2,000,000,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, by
the sale of cotton bonds, to provide for the
defense of the State, and to repel invasion,"
&c., approved December 10, 1803, it was
providedѥ
"That the Governor of the State of Texas be, and
he is hereby, authorized to sell, or have sold, the
bonds of the Stato to the amount of $2,000,000, or so
much of said sum as ho may deem necessary, to meet
the purposes contemplated by this act."
On the 16th of December, or six days after
the passage of the foregoing act, another act
was passed and approved, "providing for the
purchase of cotton by the State to meet the
payment of the cotton bonds to be issued in
pursuance of the provisions of" the foregoing-
cited act. By the first section of the act
$2,000,000 were appropriated to carry it into
effect. The second section contains the fol-
lowing provisions:
"Sec. 2. Should there not be sufficient funds in
the treasury of tbe State to meet the appropriation
made in the first section of this act, or should the
Governor of the State, in his discretion, deem it
advisable to use tho lands of the State to carry into
effect the object of this act, in either ease the Gov-
ernor is hereby authorized to execute the bonds of
tho State, payable from six to twelve years after the
present war between the confederate States of Amer-
ica and the United States of America, redeemable at
the pleasuro of the State, for tho sum of $2,000,000,
or so much thereof as he may deem necessary, and
in such sums as he may consider most suitable, bear-
ing interest at the rate of seven per cent, per annum
from the date of their negotiation, payable m specio
twelve months after the close of said w;ir and semi-
annually thereafter until tho payment of the princi-
pal. The said bonds may at any time be canceled
at the pleasuro of tho holder by presenting said bonds
to the treasurer of tho Stato, who shall pay the fact)
value of said bonds in the land scrip oi' tho State at
tho rate of fifty cents per acre."
Here we have the proposition of the rebel
Democracy to sell the lands of the Stato at
the rate of fifty cents per acre to carry on the
rebellion, and the price they then fixed upon the
public domain is fixed upon it in the joint res-
olution for its sale to the United States in
order to create an educational fund for the
education of all the children of the State.
" Now. infidel, 1 have theo on tho hip."
A few specimens of democratic legislation.
These Ku Klux forms of tho organization
ofthe Democratic party iu the South and in
Texas, in which State they are called "Knights
of the White Camelia," and the "Teutonic
Band of Brothers," are the legitimate offspring
and outgrowth of the system of slavery, and the
perverted education of the youth of that section
to which it gave rise, and which has been already
alluded to. The political education was sys-
tematic, and thoroughly permeated the seces-
sion school by means of a system of " indoc-
trination," as it was called. The great leaders
of that school would agree upon any principle
of policy, and it was then impressed upon the
journalists of the party and the fuglemen of
the primary organizations, who presented it
in the form of resolutions in the primary meet-
ings ; then it would be brought before the State
conventions, and finally become tho platform
of the party, the ignorant dupes being thus
flattered with the idea that it sprang from the
people, and that the leaders were simply car-
rying out their voice ; and once adopted it was
even taught from the pulpit, and became at
length a part of the religious belief of the com-
monalty. Slavery was thus taught to be a divine
institution, and reopening the African slave
trade a Christian duty. These forms not only
obtained in the primary meetings, in the con-
ventions, and the pulpit, but were enacted into
laws by the Legislature, or declared as prin-
ciples in joint resolutions. The statute-books
of Texas are full of these, and some of them
are presented to show the drift of public opin-
ion and education, and to present an insight
into the causes which have developed into such
barbarisms as these Democratic Ku Klux or-
ganizations. (See various laws, resolutions,
&c., contained in the appendix hereto.)
This mass of secession logic and sanguinary-
laws is but a tithe of that with which the statutes
of Texas are burdened. It is presented to the
country because its spirit is that which to-day
animates the hearts of the secession or rebel
Democracy of that State. The last Democratic
convention, which assembled at Austin about
a year since, reannounced the same dogmas of
government, and denounced the government
of the State and of the nation in the same set
phrases as those contained in the resolutions
of the ninth and tenth Legislatures. The
speeches of Giddings and Hebndon in the late
congressional canvass might be easily mistaken
for the resolutions, and the resolutions for the
speeches, and all together for the daily diatribes
of the Democratic press of Texas.
These laws made loyalty to the Government
a f'e.lony, punishable in the penitentiary. They
not only disfranchised loyal men, but denied
them the right, to hold office, to sit on juries, and
from taking or holding property. They pro-
vided that service in a colored regiment should
subject the officer to the punishment of a felon
and the private to that of slavery. While the
resolutions of "proud defiance" and those
voting Robert J. Walker a scalawag are as
amusing as one of their bean-pole tourna-
ments, those upon their theories of govern-
ment and their hatred to the Yankee express
their true feelings, even though in that stu-
pendous style of which only a citizen of our
Southern Sisters is capable.
More than this. The joint resolutions of
the tenth Legislature present official proof
that the northern allies of the secession
Democracy were in treasonable correspond-
ence in the year 1804 with the secession lead-
ers for the reform of the Constitution of the
United States, "coupled with the quasi
pledge" that such amendments to the Consti-
tution should be made as would forever guar-
anty the institution of African slavery in the
South. The application then so indignantly
spurned by the rebel Democracy is now ac-
cepted for the attainment of other political
ends, but, in the southern mind, for the ultimate
purpose of restoring the Government to the
control of the Knights of the Teutonic Band
and of the White Camelia, whereby the statute-
books of the nation may be blackened with a
similar code against loyalty and the integrity
of the Union.
To the general indictment on account of the
onerous taxes and the enormous debt created
by the rebel Democracy of Texas, another item
must be added. There were two confederate
States district courts organized in that State,
one under Judge Ballinger, the other under
Judge Devine. These judges appointed a large
number of receivers for their respective dis-
tricts. There is an old adage that a receiver
is as bad as a thief, and this case was no ex-
ception to the general rule. These receivers
seized nearly five million dollars' wort') of
personal properly of various kinds belonging
to loyal men North and South, which was duly
confiscated and sold under decrees of the courts
of Ballinger and Devine. These fellows are all
active and clamorous Democratic politicians,
and if there be any one who can denounce a
carpet-bagger with more force and vigor than
another, it is one of these judges or one of
their receivers. They all read the Tribune
and stand on Frank Blair's platform, and
know exactly how to abuse carpet-baggers and
Mr. Speaker, I have thus, iu a too discur-
sive way, discussed the bill now before this
Congress. 1 have shown that the interests of
education, both State and national, demand
the immediate action of Congress upon the
proposition ; that the policy ofthe Government
with regard to the Indians will be best sub-
served by a compliance with its requirements,
and that the old "bone of contention" which
has biought such woes upon the South will,
upon the acceptance by the State of these
overtures, be buried forever in the tomb of
the "lost cause." Truly, "rebellion is a
sin of witchcraft," and that its black art is
still at work is exemplified in the fact that the
moment this proposition, involving so much of
the future prosperity, happiness, and content-
ment of the people of Texas, was made known
every Democratic paper and orator began to
denounce it and make it a party question. On
the other hand every sound Union and loyu5
