1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
service reform, and I am informed that the
only change that has been made in those reg-
ulations is an additional rale adopted on the
recommendation of the board of civil service
reform itself. That rule has been adopted
and promulgated publicly as a pari of the rules
for the regulation of the civil service. I ask,
in order that it may be put on our records,
tliat it be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The remark of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, as I took it down, wi s
this : "All proceedings are to be suspended till
other rules are adopted." Did I take it cor-
rectly?
Mr. CARPENTER. That is what I under-
stood, not that the theory had been abandoned
or that the system was to be thrown overboard,
but that the Government is compelled to wait
until they find out how they are to carry into
execution this confused system that they recom-
mend.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Secretary to
read the marked passage which I have sent to
the desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"The President has authorized the adoption of
the following additional rule recommended by the
advisory civil service board, relating to temporary
appointments in the Departments pending the com-
pletion of the details ot examination, namely:
""14. Pending the completion of the methods of
investigation and examination contemplated by
these rules, nothing in them shall prevent the ap-
pointment, designation, or employment without
examination, except as already provided by law. of
persons temporarily to fill vacancies when it shall
appear that tlio necessities of the public service de-
mand that such vacancies be immediately filled ; but
such appointments, (except when mado by and with
the advice and consent of tho Senate,) designations,
or appointment, shall terminate as soon as the details
of investigation and examination for filling such va-
cancies has been completed by the advisory board.' "
Mr. SHEllMAN. Mr. President, in the
various Departments there are now boards to
whom all applicants must submit their papers,
and before whom they must be examined; but
it was impossible to organize civil service
boards in all parts of the country to examine
postmasters and other local officers until boards
had been provided for by law, until appropria-
tions have been made to carry the system in
execution. The only purpose of this rule was
to postpone the attempt to execute it until
Congress should vote money and grant suffi-
cient power to carry it into execution fairly.
Mr. President, I voted for the proposition of
the Senator from Illinois at the last session of
Congress. I believe some good will yet come
from the discussion of civil service reform.
Still I believe the abuses of the present sys-
tem are grossly exaggerated. The statement
that we lose one fourth of the revenue of the
country in order to collect it is a gross exag-
geration. The statement made by this civil
service commission, none of whom or scarcely
any of whom have had practical experience
in the Government 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Three of them are offi-
cers of the Departments here.
Mr. SHERMAN. Who are they? Name
them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. Elliott is one. The
Senator from Wisconsin read their names,
which are attached to this report. I will read
them : George William Curtis, Alexander G.
Cattell, Joseph Medill, Dawson A. Walker,
E. B. Elliott. Joseph H. Blackfan, and David
C. Cox. The three last I understand to be
heads of bureaus, or employed in some way
in different Departments of the Government
here, and have had practical experience.
Mr. SHERMAN. It so happens that I
know each of those gentlemen. The three
last named are clerks in the Departments and
themselves have never passed examination,
and are themselves the result of whatever
abuses exist, and, although all respectable in
character, they are not gentlemen who are
prepared to make on their own knowledge a
Statement so extravagant as this. They do
not state it of their own knowledge ; they sim-
ply say that it is stated by others; in other
words, it is second-hand information: "We
are informed by those who have examined
the question so and so." Who? When?
Where? How absurd it is to suppose that
one fourth of the revenue of the Government
is lost in the expense of collection!
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ? Is not Mr. Elliott
the head of the Statistical Bureau?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; Mr. Elliott isaclerk
in the Treasury Department. Mr. Young is
the head of the Statistical Bureau.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What is Mr. Elliott's
position ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Clerk in the Treasury
Department; a fourth-class clerk.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But he has a duty con-
nected with statistics in some way.
Mr. SHERMAN, tie is a fourth-class clerk.
I know Mr. Elliott very well, and I do not wish
to say a word to his discredit.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator knows
him very well, perhaps he will tell us what his
duties are.
Mr. SHERMAN. He is a fourth-class clerk.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What does he do?
Mr. SHERMAN. He is connected with the
Statistical Bureau, of which Mr. Young is the
chief.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ah! He knows all
about it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The statement made by
these gentlemen is simply absurd. The whole
expense of the collection of the revenue is
about four per cent. Tho expenses of the col-
lection of our customs are less than they are
in any other country in the world, and I make
this statement now, inviting the comparison.
The entire expense of collecting the revenue,
internal and external, including the pay of all
the multitude of officers who are appointed to
watch against frauds on the revenue, is less
than five per cent.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator permit
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly ; only I do not
wish to prolong my remarks.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator can find in
several reports of the old Retrenchment Com-
mittee that the losses accruing to the Govern-
ment from therunningm of cargoes and goods
without paying duty amount to from twelve to
twenty-five million dollars a year, and have for
a great many years.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have examined that
pretty thoroughly. The great loss in our cus-
toms revenue is through passengers arriving
at the port of New York and other places with
expensive goods in trunks. That is the case
in all customs services. It is the case in
Europe. How to meet it is one of the most
difficult problems to be solved. The amount
of loss to the Government has been estimated
carefully at $10,000,000. That probably is
three fourths of all the loss sustained by the
Government in the collection oi the revenue.
How can that be remedied ? You might have
detectives and spies to examine the trunks of
ladies, and all the packages, as they come in,
in the private baggage of citizens, and you
might in that way put honest citizens to more
inconveniences and to more wrong than all
that §10,000,000 loss could possibly compen-
sate for. It is true that persons seeking to
commit fraud may bring here in trunks and
packages, valuable goods and escape the pay-
ment of duties, but you cannot devise any sys-
tem of civil service reform, you cannot devise
any human regulation, that will prevent fraud
of this kind unless you make your espionage
so close and arbritary and so oppressive that
every man will revolt at it. That is a difficulty
which is incident to customs revenue.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The point was as to
how much was lost.
Mr. SHE RMAN. It has been estimated—the
highest statement probably-—at $10,000,000;
but the point is this, as the Senator must see,
that no mere regulations of civil service reform
can correct that which is incident to and apart
of the collection of the customs revenue. The
only way, if you wish to avoid that, is to repeal
customs duties, and in that way you would
get rid of the fraud and the revenue, too; all
would go together.
Mi-. 'TRUMBULL. I understood the Sen-
ator from Ohio to say a short time ago that he
had a bill that was going to correct all these
abuses, and I was rejoiced at it, and assured
him that I was going to support it.
Mr. SHERMAN The Senator from Illinois
does not state me with exact fairness. He
asked if my attention had been called to cer-
tain abuses disclosed in the city of New
York by the recent examination, I answered
at once, "yes," and the bill reported from
the Committee on Finance by tho Senator
from New York [Mr. Festonj will cure, so
far as human regulation and human law can,
all the abuses disclosed by. that examination.
That is the answer. 1 did not say that the
bill of the Senator from New York was going
to cure all the frauds committed in the city
of New York or anywhere else, but it will
cure those to which public attention has been
directed by the examination; and I have no
doubt the Senator and I will vote for it when
the time comes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that bill will be
Mr. SHERMAN. I propose myself, in due
time, subject to the control of the bill by the
honorable Senator from New York who intro-
duced it, to press it on the attention of Con-
gress, and show the necessity of its passage;
and 1 believe that its passage will enable the
Secretary of the Treasury and the President
promptly to correct the very abuses to which
attention has now been called.
Let me say another thing. I agree that the
chief part of the abuses of our civil service
have grown out of the attempt of members of
Congress to control the executive authority.
I think it is utterly impossible to mingle the
executive duty of appointing to office and the
legislative duty of making laws. I have no
doubt that many of the abuses of our system
have grown out of the attempt of members of
Congress to control local patronage; but after
all, when you come back to the piactical solu-
tion, suppose the Postmaster General wants to
know who shall be appointed pos: master in a
town in Ohio; from whom shall ho get the
requisite information? He does not know the
people of Ohio.
Upon whom shall he call? A civil service
board? Will you send a civil service hoard
to the town of Circleville to examine all the
people who want to be postmaster of that
town, and examine as to their fitness? If you
send there a civil service boaid organized
beyond the town of Circleville, they go there
in utter ignorance of the moral character of
all the candidates, and no examination can test
the moral character and moral qualities of the
men who are applicants for office.
These are difficulties that suggest them-
selves to every one. I have no doubt that
some reform will come out of. the new civil
servico regulations. I have made up my mind,
for one, to see the system fairly ami tully tiied,
to sustain the President and the executive au-
thorities in giving it a fair trial. I brdii ve that
many of the rules that have been recommended
by this civil service board will prove to be
utterly impracticable; but I desire to see the
scheme fairly tried, and I for one will vote the
requisite money and the requisite men to consti-
tute the number of boards that are required to
give it a fair trial. I fear that the result will be
that we shall substitute a kind of bureauocracy
instead of that political influence which is now
exercised. 1 think, however, that in the end,
especially in our customs service at New York,
and in our service in the Executive Depart-
ments at Washington, we can bring about a
great reform. There ought to be examina-
tions here in the city of Washington of the
