1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
411
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Refunding Tax on Cotton—Mr. Perce.
Ho. of Reps.
Governor's mansion, the lunatic asylum, the
State hospitals, and all the other improve-
ments on the public property of the State.
The cost of the government, stripped of these
exceptional expenditures, was absolutely less
in cash, much less per capita-, in 1870 aud
1871 than it was in 1858 and 1859.
The government of Mississippi has been on
the whole economical. There has, it is true,
been some plunder. The public printing in
the State was in the hands of men who rep-
resented the extreme Radical wing of the
Republican party. By sharp practice upon
the treasury these men made the public print-
ing cost over one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, three times as much as it ought to
have cost. I removed them from office,
and appointed in their stead men who rep-
resented the interests of the country, a north-
ern man and a southern man. But when
the time came for an electien of the printer,
the Democrats conspired with the carpet-
baggers, and elected to the office the ori-
ginal appointees,, sharping Radicals. Demo-
cratic violence and carpet-bag chicanery came
together a second time for the purpose of
overthrowing the party and cause of good
government in Mississippi. And, sir, it was
thereupon dispatched here that the election
accomplished by this Democratic-carpet-bag
conspiracy had shown my influence^ in the
State to be contemptible. Now, sir, it is
said in the newspapers, and I have not seen
it denied, that this combination of dishonesty
and passion was based on a corrupt bargain
for a division of the public printing with an
influential journal of the Democracy, and that,
from first to last, the election took no cogni-
zance of any question of principle.
When the suspension of habeas corpus was
before Congress twelve months ago it was
extended to the end of the present session
upon the argument and for the reason that it
would be a wrong to extend that dangerous
power into the presidential election. You
said you would extend it for this period of
time in order to see whether the people would
return to tbeir obedience to the law. And
the people to day are in a condition of obe-
dience.
The limit to the extension of the writ is
about to expire. 1 entreat you not to extend
it beyond that limit. 1 wish Mississippi to be
in accord with the nation. I wish her to be
restored in fact, as she is in name, to the
Union. I wish her to become a friend and
supporter of the Government of the United
States ; and she will prove so if you but give
her the opportunity of untrammeled freedom.
But she cannot come crawling upon her stom-
ach, with the writ of habeas corpus suspended,
with the power in the hands of the President
to put her people into prison. And mark my
words, she will not come forward in that
attitude to cast her vote for those who thus
treat her.
There has been no application for the sus-
pension of habeas corpus in Mississippi. There
is no reason for it. The State has passed
through the period of her greatest violence.
She has reached the borders of repose ; and I
protest, therefore, against the-wantonuess of the
proposed extension of the suspension of this
most sacred right of the people.
Even admitting what the Senator says to be
true, and the statement of Governor Powers
with regard to a particular county to be true,
that the State courts are not able to enforce
the law, the Federal courts are there, and,
accordiug to Governor Powers'sown showing,
are able to enforce the law.
' The proof shows that there is no necessity
for the suspension of habeas corpus. Ihen
•why, I repeat, do you wish to menace the peo-
ple with the suspension of that writ of right
when the proof shows and your own witness
shows, and when the Senator himself shows,
that there is no necessity for it?
Such legislation as that before us is opposed
to the cause of peace. Military government
among a people trained in freedom creates a
condition of things which may always be cited
in its justification. Introduce the law of the
sword in the midst of peace in any State of
the North, and my life on it you would very
soon find reason for its continuance. Its irri-
tation acts upon the passions of the people.
The resistance, sullen or active, incident to
its introduction reacts back upon the Govern-
ment; and thus miglit unwise legislation of
the character before us pass into open con-
flict that could not be suppressed until the
Government should have been startled by the
discovery that it had broken what it could not
bend, that source of the vitality of the nation,
the spirit of tho people.
The extension of this law may not produce
violence; I trust it frill not if it should be
extended ; but I fear that it will, for I have
seen the violence of the people at the South,
when the State was bristling with the bayonets
of Federal soldiers, and 1 have seeu the effect
of the Federal soldiers upou the voters in the
State of Mississippi. And if the Senator from
Indiana will give me attention, 1 will stale a
case which occurred in Jackson, Mississippi,
showing how the people there feel with regard
to United States soldiers.
The colored members of the Legislature
came to me not ten days before the riot at
Meridian, and through Mr. ljynch, present
speaker of the house of representatives,
asked me whether I could send the United
States soldiers outside of the borders of the
State. They had no .faith in the soldiers.
They held them to be a source of irritation
and provocation to the colored people. They
considered them indisposed to respect the
rights of the colored people, and on these
grounds urged me through the present speaker
of the house of representatives, to demand
of the President of the United States that
the soldiers should be removed from Mis-
sissippi. They pleaded there was no neces-
sity for the presence of soldiers in the State.
And in corroboration of this illustration of
the feelings of the colored people of Missis-
sippi, I know no colored man of intelligence
amoug us who asks that soldiers should be
sent to the State. It was charged that in the
election of 1868, notwithstanding you had a
faithful officer at that time in command of
Mississippi, the soldiers aided and abetted the
Democrats. The colored people feel that they
are no support to them. They are able to take
care of themselves, and do not wish the sol-
diers to interfere with them.
We present in Mississippi a state of repose.
We ask that we shall not be disturbed in that
repose. This is the appeal that we make. We
ask that statements shall not be made of us,
or credited if made, by men who have no inter-
est in Mississippi, men whose very existence
depends upon the continuation of the violence
that has heretofore existed in the State. If
you will allow us to go forward we will take
care of ourselves, and we will give you a good
account of ourselves. Treat us precisely as
the people in your own States are treated.
Regard us as members of this family of States.
Give us the rights, privileges, and immunities
that other people enjoy. Do not oppress us
with a government different from that under
which our sister-communities live. Then we
shall feel that in truth and in fact the old
days of peace and concord are come once
more. Then we shall feel that in truth and in
fact fraternity is fully and completely estab-
lished again in the land of our fathers. Then
we shall feel our pride pledged to every sacri-
fice for the preservation of law and order. We
will feel the responsibility of self-government,
and we will go forward in competition w,i*h
the whole family of States in a noble rivalry
for preeminence in working out a freedom iff
social harmony and public peace.
Refunding Tax on Cotton.
SPEECH OF HON. L W. PERCE,
of mississippi,
In the House of Representatives,
May 1, 1872,
On tho bill (II. R. No. 1592) to refund certain taxes
on raw cotton during the years 1865,1866,1867, and
1865.
Mr. PERCE. Mr. Speaker, before pro-
ceeding to an argument upon House bill No.
1592, presented by my colleague, Mr. McKeb,
I desire to submit the following resolutions,
adopted by the Legislature of the State I have
the honor in part to represent:
A joint resolution memoralizing Congress to refund
the amount of tho cotton tax ooilectod through-
out the southern States during the years 1865,1860,
and 1867.
Whereas tho tax upon cotton levied and collected
by the Government of the United States during the
years 1865,1866, and 1867, was. in our judgment, moat
unjust and oppressive to tho people of t.be southorn
States, in that it was a direct tax upon industry, and
imposed upon them at a time when they were pro-
strated and impoverished by war and the attondant
consequences ; and whereas wo believe it to be the
policy of tho national Government to promote the
agricultural interests of tho country and to protect
industry, for which purpose agricultural productions
have uniformly been considered exempt from taxa-
tion ; and whoreas the tax on cotton was an unequal
one, in that it could apply only to a minority of tho
Status of tho Union and those most destitute and
needy of Federal protection: Therefore.
Be it resolved hy the Legislature of the State of Mis-
sissippi, That we do most respectfully and earnestly
memorialize the honorable the Conpressofthe United
States to pass a law refunding t,o the people of the
cotton-growing States the amount, of taxes collected
on cotton during the years 1865,1866, and 1867.
Be it further resolved. That tho Governor is hereby
authorized and required to transmit a copy of this
memorial to tho Congress of tho United States
through our Senators and Representatives therein.
Passed the houso of representatives. Mav 1, 1871.
H. W. WARREN,_
Speaker of the Ilouse of /Representatives.
Passed tho senate April 19, ISH.^ p0WBRg(
President of the Senate,
Approved May 8,1871. J, L. ALCORN,
Governor,
I understand most of the cotton-producing
States bave passed resolutions similar in effect
to those just read.
I now refer the House to the act of July 13,
1866, the first section of' which reads :
"Section. 1. Andbe it further enacted, ifhatonand
after tbe 1st day of August, 1866, in lieu of the taxes
on unmanufactured cotton, as provided in an act
to provide internal revenue to support tho Govern-
ment, to pay interest on tho public debt, and lor
other purposes/approved June 30,1864, as amended
by the act of March 3,1865, there shall be paid by,
the producer, owner, or holder, upon all cotton pro-
duced within the United States, and upon which
no tax hns been levied, paid, or collected.^ a tax of
three cents per pound, as hereinafter provided; ana
the weight of such cotton shall b© ascertained by. de-
ducting four per ct^nt. for tare from the gross weigftt
of each bale or package; and such tax shall be and
remain a lien thereon, in the possession of any per-
son whomsoever, from the time when this law takes ef-
fect, or such cotton is produced, as aforesaid, until the
same shall have been paid; and no drawback snarl,
in any case be allowed on raw or unmanufactured
cotton of any tax paid thereon when exported in, toe
raw or unmanufactured condition. Bat no tax smut
be imposed upon any cotton imported from other
countries, and on which an import duty snail have
been paid."
I submit that this law was unconstitutional
upon the following grounds :
First, it was a tax or duty on articles, ex-
potted from the several Slates producing cot-
ton.
Second, if it were a duty, impost or excise,
it was not uniform.
Third, if it were a direct tax it was not ap-
portioned among the several States according
to their respective numbers.
