•1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3151
is nobody who can question his title; the
assignor cannot question it, if he was a party
to it and not under coercion, and the assignee
goes into the Treasury and claims to recover,
'and the Secretary of the Treasury is enjoined
by this provision to pay the claim.
' I a-ik gentlemen to consider that aliens never
-had the right to sue the Government ot' the
United States, and citizens never Lad that right
except by our lavor. The amendment of the
Senate is one thing; the substitute proposed
by the committee is another and a very differ-
ent thing. I say this wiih all deference to the
ruling of the Speaker. I am not in the habit
of appealing from any decisions the Speaker
may make. Iam inclined to think the Speaker
was right in ruling this proposition to be ger-
mane to the original Senate amendment; but
I ask the attention of the House to the fact,
that an indefinite amount of money in your
Treasury is to be exposed here to demand at
the instance of all classes of persons, citizens
and aliens, friends of the Government and
enemies of the Government, and by the lan-
guage of the substitute the Secretary of the
Treasury is " directed" to pay these claims.
If we are to have this matter adjudicated at
all, I ask that it be done under the solemnities
of law ; I ask that it be done before your
courts. If aliens in common with citizens,
public enemies as well as loyal citizens, are to
be allowed to sue the Government, let the ex-
amination proceed under all the forms and
sanctions of law; and let us know in the first
place that the claimant is a bona fide owner.
I do not know to what extent this proposi-
tion may cover what are known as the cotton
claims ol England; and nobody else can know.
Mr. KERR. I know it does not.
Mr. BINGHAM. That depeuds on thetime
of the seizure. I do not think the gentleman
knows any such thing.
Mr. GARFfELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
in regard to our amendment, I wish to call
attention to a single point; I regret that I
could not do so before my colleague [Mr.
Bixgham] spoke. The amendment of the
Committee on Appropriations does not pro-
pose to take out of the hands of the Court of
Claims any part of their functions, nor does
it propose to pay directly from the Treasury
without trial any claim that hitherto has gone
through the Court of Claims. But I call the
attention of the House to the fact that there
are two classes 
Mr. BINGHAM. I wish to ask whether
this substitute is in lien of the fifth section of
the bill?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio It is. If the
House will bear with me a moment, 1 wish to
say that there was seized and sold something
more than $26,000,000 worth of cotton, and
the proceeds covered into the Treasury.
Under the provision to which we are now
recurring, the Secretary of the Treasury had
paid back, in round numbers, .$2,210,000, up
to the end of the Thirty-Ninth Congress. A
considerable portion of this he paid back
before it was rightfully covered into the Treas-
ury, the ptool being clear and indubitable,
and no hearing being needed before a court.
All the balance of this muney is now covered
into the Treasury, and under the law of July,
1870, not a dollar of it can be paid out, except
on appropriations.
There are now, not in the Court of Claims,
but before the Secretary of the Treasury, adju-
dicated claims settled- and allowed for the
proceeds of cotton thus sold and covered in,
which the Secretary himself is empowered
to pay if an appropriation be made for that
purpose. The amendment proposed by the
Committee on Appropriations was drawn up
and introduced as a separate bill, which was
carefully considered in committee after hear-
ing from the Treasury Department. But we
have thought it best to present it as an amend-
ment to this bill because it relates to exactly
the same subject as the Senate amendment.
Now, if the amendment of the committee be
adopted, two things will happen; first, the
Senate amendment being stricken out, the
Court of Claims will go on as before adju-
dicating cases regularly and lawfully brought
before it. In addition to that, the Congress
of the United States will have appropriated a
sufficient amount of money to pay the claims
already adjudicated. We therefore, by this
amendment, accomplish both purposes atonce.
We permit the Court of Claims to go on with
its work undisturbed by legislative interfer-
ence, and we make an appropriation to pay
the claims adjudicated either by the court or
by the Secretary directly without the aid of
the court. It seems to me, therefore, the
proposition we present is a simple one, which
if adopted by the House carries with it its own
execution. It needs no further legislation ex-
cept an appropriation to carry out the decisions
of the Government in reference to this captured
property. It changes no rules of evidence; it
does not in any degree let up on any of the
cases of claims before the Government, but
holds them in their present place, and only
appropriates money to pay those which have
been adjudicated.
Mr. KERR obtained the floor.
Mr. SARGEN 1\ 1 ask the gentleman from
Indiana to yield to me for the purpose of
moving an amendment to the amendment of
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. KERR. Certainly.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add to the amendment of the committee the fol-
lowing:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to prescribe rules and regulationsfor the
ascertainment of all necessary facts for the execu-
tion hereof.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Onio. I suppose it
does that now? There is, however, no objec-
tion to the amendment.
Mr. BANKS. It does not change anything
to the extent of a hair.
Mr. SARGENT. It perfects it.
Mr. BANKS. It does not perfect it.
Mr. SARGENT. It does in my judgment.
Mr. KERR. I am surprised, Mr. Speaker,
that my distinguished friend from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] opposes the substitute for the rea-
sons suggested by him. I am utterly unable to
see there is anything in the proposition incon-
sistent with the Senate amendment or incon-
sistent with oar rules. It is quite competent
for Congress to refer the adjudication of claims
like this to the Secretary of the Treasury as it
is to refer them to the Court of Claims. Each
one is simply a board for the ascertainment of
liabilities of the Government toward its citi-
zens.
Now, shall the Government of the United
States ascertain what those liabilities are? Is
it right for the Government under any circum-
stances to do justice'' Is it right for the Gov-
ernment, to pay these claims if tliey are justly
due and arose by reason of unlawful acts on
the part of the officers of the Government ? It
is; I submit to the House it is most proper.
It is in every sense not only just, but the
imperative duly of the Government to piovide
for the payment of such claims, and that pay-
ment should be made in the speediest and least
expensive way both to the claimants and to
the Government.
I think so far as the substitute goes it cer-
tainly is much better than the proposition of
the Senate, with its objectionable features
omitted. The cotton which can in any pos
■sible event become the subject-matter of a
claim under this provision must have been
seized by the officers of the Government after
June 30, 1865. It must have been seized at a
time when, under the law and express orders
of the Secretary of the Treasury, they had no
lawful authority to seize any cotton or in-
deed anybody's property as abandoned prop-
erty or property liable to seizure under the
previous orders of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. Whatever, therefore, can accrue under
this substitute can only accrue by reason of
the wrongful acts of the Government. That
those acts were wrongful has been decided by
the Supreme Court. That they were wrong-
ful has also been decided by the Secretary
himself. The present Secretary of the Treas-
ury holds the action of the agents of the Gov-
ernment in seizing those cottons was without
authority of law, but he holds at the same
time (and to that I make no criticism un-
friendly to him) that in the performance
of his duty he ought not to assume he has
power, where the proceeds of the sales of
the cotton have been covered into the Treas-
ury, to take them out. and pay these claim-
ants. I say to that ruling of his I make no un-
friendly suggestion. It may be entirely right;
but I do thmk it i3 high time now, after all
that has transpired, and after all the recited
events which preceded the seizure of the cot-
ton have been almost forgotten, it is high time
the Government of the United States should
recognize its obligations to do justice to its
citizens, and that is the object this bill pro-
poses. No, Mr. Speaker, this bill does not
propose to do even that, for this bill proposes
to pay to the owners of cotton unlawfully
seized only the net proceeds of the sales now
covered into the Treasury. In my judgment
they are entitled to more. I believe they
ought to be paid the entire proceeds of the
sales of that cotton thus unlawfully seized.
Thousands, yes, hundreds of thousands, and
it may be millions of dollars of the proceeds
of the cotton so seized by those officers were,
without law, and in violation of decency as
well as justice, appropriated by the agents of
the Treasury, and taken from their rightful
owners.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. I concur with the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] that if these parties
are entitled to anything they are entitled to all
the proceeds of that property. They ought
not to be limited to the net proceeds alone.
But it strikes me that there is a very grave
reason why the House should hesitate in pass-
ing the order proposed by the Committee on
Appropriations on this subject.
As regards the amendment which the Senate
has sent to this House, providing that before
any payment is made parties claiming restitu-
tion of property shall prove their loyalty in
order to establish a basis for and a recogni-
tion of their claim, I do not know whether it
would be wise for us to agree to this or no at
this moment. Bat the proposition of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations goes beyond this.
It seems to me that there is a very clear and
absolute reason why we should not agree to
that.
The proposition of the Senate is that m
cases that are to be tried hereafter the parties
shall be held to prove, as a basis of their claim,
their loyalty to the Government; that they
have never been enemies to the Government.
Whether we agree to that or not we certainly
never could agree to a further proposit'on that
the very same parties, without any regard to
their loyalty, or without any regard to ihf-
question whether they were enemies or not,
upon those cases that have been tried shall
have the money paid to them immediately and
fully under the provisions of the amendment
that is here proposed. We cannot deny to
one set of claimants under this act the right
to draw money unless they prove their friend-
ship to the Government and disprove the pos-
sible charge of enmity, and by the very same
act give full compensation to another class in
money directly from the Treasury without any
regard to the question whether they are friends
or enemies of the Government, or have been
fiiends or enemies. Yet that is what the prop-
osition before us does.
I am sure the Committee on Appropria-
tions cannot expect the House to confirm this
amendment which they propose to the Senate
amendment; au amendment which directs the
